What a night 3
BuildDayMemories Naked Pizza Leftovers in the back of Sean's car for later on in the day.
Ops
Do you have a date at midnight with Nosferatu?
Impractical Jokers comes back tomorrow night!!!
Today was a good day.
even the slimmest, most impossible chance of meeting and in florida is still pretty cool
Life experiences: listen to Bhagavan Das invoke Shiva.
Check.
WIN IN IT OT.
GREAT COMEBACK!
Anyone get the number of that bus?
You can't just jump on stage and play with
Keeping Ed McNally in our thoughts  prayers today as he continues his journey towards recovery.
Happy Friday Morning everyone!
Real ninjas don't let the microwave timer hit 00:00
New York state of mind
Nothing like quality thinking over quality KoreanBBQ RT : Tough decision to make tomorrow...
I gotta go to Oz Korean BBQ to think
Oh gosh, he just asked me if I have a boyfriend...
and now he wants to sit by me..
T.Jefferson said Democracy depends on a knowledgeable population...WE ARE IN BIG TROUBLE!
i like the reasons
The Nashville Top 30 Under 30 contest is over.
Say a little prayer for me that I pulled off the win.
Are you guys coming over to our house this sunday, for the Super Bowl?
Just had delicious tomato bisque from the : yum!
attending a new clicker training  looks like a much sleeker, simpler device than we've used in the past
Omg, did you see Mariah pinch his cheeks?
:
A truly fashionable person.
A rare find.
Richard Marx at the Orleans in Vegas love this
please!
Id love to catch up.
Ha!
I sprung that little otter ball!
Isn't he adorable?
Europeans tell us to stop whining but we don't have access to the mass transit like they do.
I don't doctorve a gas guzzler either!
Man so many contacts now I have to decide!!
Follow cody simpson and alli simpson
Brandon?
Can you add me or subscribe me on facebook?
My name is Brittany Madec.
Thanks and can you follow me on here?
thx bye
The more I think about it, the more I'm convinced that redskins trade last night was absolutely horrible for them.
omg my incorrect use of your
Italian Night Club for sure
New job with new beginnings!
Time to celebrate being out with the old and in with the new!!!!
Find a job you like and you add five days to every week.
H.
Jackson Browne / I love what I do: it's called vocation...a life mission!
No story on 229 improvements.
Broken link?
hopes to continue to be strong in life and pursue what makes her happy.
What videos are you guys watching?
We like to stay up to date what the cool videos are so help us out!
.
keeping white suburbanites terrified is a full time job!
You hate me?
That's cool.
I don't live to please you anyway.
there is no topping the Haltertops.
: thank you!!!
I dont think Mikey has one.
But ppl keep saying Madison dose and im really sad now.
Nd ikr it has to be a lie
good I haven't seen you around plus its a lot of new faces.
make fun of who?
Just doctorpped off at the airport.
Miss that guy already.
pssst i'm doing that already ;
If only gum was banned and talking with your mouth full a misdemeanor!
I've had misophonia for 30 years.
Glad for attention.
I leave again tomorrow for a couple days, why do I even unpack my suitcase?
At the auburn fest!!!
is your hair really red ?
Specials all night long.
Alright Alright!
The Bandit Kyle Cage Johnson slinging the doctornks.
Singing a little Steely Dan......
NOT
If I was dead and buried and I heard your voice, beneath the sod my heart of dust would still rejoice.
on my way to el CECUT Tijuana to check out some great photo exhibits.
so foggy out, could barely see when i was doctorving
Ok this is weird.
g2s hotel is now filled with Tea Party Patriots, half of whom look like they are on medicare.
Going to c cars 2 with my nephew and sister!!!:
Accountability is huge in social media
Yes, there is already a Twitter for that : glass is hard..
and sharp...
and stabby WHY :,
and maybe you were right3
Since we'll be at MondayWednesday next week, we're taking the week off for rehearsal.
Free night!
streaming on Netfilx!
MT.
that's what happens when you don't have a football team
Become a SMILE millionaire!
Had the pleasure of meeting your daughter tonight.
What a doll Holding out for SXSW w/ you in March.
My VERY first tweet and VERY first follow goes to because he is my inspiration, and I love him :
The other day I saw a dealer put the flop out before dealing anybody cards.
In his def it was tourney and antes were collected.
Leyland said he didn't change his underwear for 12 days.
No wonder people were standing so far away from Jim the last few days.
'hockey night in canada.' life is good.
In an Enter the doctorgon remake, for me it would be fun to play John Saxon's character Roper.
What's the matter, you on a diet?
Roper
I like the idea of SportingKC Convey taking the corner and Zusi being in the back field to possibly collect any defensive rebounds
because i'm afraid of going to jail and being someone's prison btch.
:p
geekend fa115 via people are going to enjoy content they expect from the page
What should I write a poem about today?
I need titles!
ill pray too!
:
Thanks for following!
am officially obsessed with the weather forecast for Nov.
6th
Last night Emily made us do a crazy butt stretch....
And it made me realize how freaking out of shape I am :
On the way with Seattle Sorbet Samples!!
Independent music is revolutionizing the music industry as we speak
too many girls at the party actually makes it harder to wheel
I'm getting spam messages from you.
Might wanna change your password!
is that a phrase you picked up from your wife or were you in the habit of defenestrating things before meeting her?
: yawp.
Be safe my friends in NYC, Irene is mean!
Changed my username to :
so this weekend we meet with the manufacturer to decide what goes on the website for spring !
Shhh, don't question it.
hey i am the HUGEST fan of you, no lie.
it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no joke.
Wonderful!
We sent you a Direct Message!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
in the port with and at work and in the strip
I didnt know the avengers was in 3D haha
right on!
Ahaha
Why suspend Payton now ?, When The NFLcould have done it 3 years ago?
This CYA.Not protecting players.
Students are at a movie prescreening right now you know you are jealous DWCdc is the place you want to be!
instagram been acting retarded since fb bought it
one step above an assistant?
i seriously want him to come SO bad.if he doesn't well see in the future IF i can.
Is my shirt here already?
I'm sending hugs, well wishes, and positive vibes.
Have a great day!
Follow she's amazing and follows back!13
Got distracted by the new Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm.
Mwah hahaha!
but in all reality i did it to so many girls and to my luck im with the girl i always left in the dust for 5 years straight always leaving
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
I'm back twitches.
Another day of meandering, but closing lower on Wall St.
Key avgs close DN 0.3 to 0.7 percent.
This trip to Ireland is going on my bucket list.
RT : well, you could still fly over for a pint.
I'd buy the first round :D
I thought the same thing hahaha
Wildavsky  Race to create world class universities spurred by recognition of value of human capital
Fk RICH I rather be WEALTHY petty hustlin ain't gone get it
Fuck you, Hulu Plus.
The addoctorss I am entering is absolutely attached to my bank account.
Let me use your fucking service.
Jen I have your laptop  bag here in the hotel restaurant.
Did you make it back from the thrift store yet?
Yeah :D
Josh Smith should not be shooting, he can't shoot SMH
Lakers remain undefeated to their current roadtrip by defeating the C's earlier tonight.
Next stop: the big apple tomorrow.
M.S.G.
My ideas w/ graphics : RT : do you design the cw shirts yourself?
they're literally perfect.hah :
Im not even close to being prefect....
i just follwo him
Got my GAIQ today!!!
I
You might check out what is doing with Eli.
Yesterday I was talking to Jairo, fnally.
c:
The Mavericks forgot they were playing a playoff game at home tonight!

Good morning, and thank you for following!
Consider  , please.
In need of budness.
yay...
I was starting to think I was losing my edge.
Going 100 mommy mode with the nude :
Running through Schenley with is a test of survival
Baby, welcome to my mind, it is truly yours.
Loving the twists for BB13!!!
Pairs  Power Pairs  Evil Dick in the house
It's alway a good day when you have enough left in your daily macros to make Glutenfree dairyfree S'mores!
Guest speaker contradicts every word professorssor has just said.
That's amazing!
Love it when that happens.
Cute outfits to boot!
Ok I need a brake tag and I'm in Metairie and the place I usu.
use is closed!
Where can I go?!
Ugh!
Today I got to pet bat rays AND I saw a mama mouse give birth!
It was all pretty awesome.
RT : Mix of joy  caution.
Thrilled OA mvmt had real impact in killing RWA  causing Elsevier to back down.
But must...
come watch the pope with me
This lady needs to hurry up, I'm getting hungry!
What's good Twitter?!
Keep the followers and shoutouts coming:
Happy Birthdayy Deng!!
love you :D
Follow me 33
wcphilly: Open Source Support: These are some tips and tricks on HOW to ask for help with WordPress
To much to much but loving it or I'm 
I have people I'd like to send as well.
Let's do it!
you the man lol
I wish my aunt would get the hint that I'm not adding her on Facebook just so she can stalk me and my friends.
Love a beautiful, rainy night!
Soothing sound as I close these brown eyes.
Gnight!
Seep well  doctoram sweet when you close your own eyes.
:
Congratulations, Carlos Kotkin, and kudos Echoplex for a good venue, great show
Public connection...streaming very slowly...
:
haha yeah bro
at what point have you given up on FNL?
Season 2 wasn't great but 35 are awesome cleareyesfullheartscan'tlose
It's in the past is not an excuse for everything....
When it rains it pours RT : CelticsTalk: Celtics Doc Rivers says Ray Allen out for Game 2 vs
I Told You I Liked Your Watch Lol 3 Tonight Was The Best, Follow Me?
lol Ikr.
I try to keep up
I didnt know you have a zamboni in your yard.
/ That's a gazebo.
/ Same thing, both start with a z.
Thanks I know we've got what you're looking for, why because we love you girl....
Some people's struggles really put your life in perspective.
Just left this job fair.
I love when its obvious my resume/presentation shits on everyone else.
Almost positive I'm gonna get another offer
My stomach is hurting.
Don't forget to RSVP for our PreValentine brunch next Sunday and our monthly meetup on the 16th!
did johnny ever listen to that song yet?
looks like you all are send spam
he was pissed the the appt people were cutting him
problems with online streaming, unfortunately  if you have questions about faculty development session, I can ask and respond
write it on the dogs belly.
Dont what to do at this point........but i guess its my fault so.....
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: One FREE 24 Push Broom with a 50.00 Hardware Store purchase at our Riverwest location.
Spring Cleaning anyone???
Mashable posted that link, too.
I checked, Whew!
No virus.
Shoot me
Is it Saturday yet?
I need to go home.
Just found out we're doing an interview w/ tonight to hype our show on 6/24.
Will air this Sun.
Details soon.
your a little deep postmodern photographer arnt you.
Twitter etiquette question: When is it okay to start talking about The Avengers movie?
I am going to marry the night!
Other great 40's song in the next theresnobusi nesslikeshowbusiness
What's your favorite YOGA/ACTIVEWEAR essential?
My mama mad cus everybody spoiles me, guurl if u won't evryone else will : 
Good question.
I'll find out.
misterMesero is amazing!
Best mojitos in town!
:
I know a couple of Mexicans without their visas, but they trying to arrest me for unpaid tickets like I'm the alien.
Who is going to FF me?
I need more followers dammit!!!!
Malibu with my two best friends known them since I was 2, and still going strong!
two things you dont FUCK with my FOOD and my SHIT I buy
Jareds coming over to watch pbr with me : hell ya
We may or may not have a response to it hanging out in the photo booth area.....;
Cleaned the house by myself, baked a cake, and had to put up wit my siblings all day for my mom...The things i do for her
Wishing the best of luck to Brandon Graham in tomorrow night's doctorft!
Go Blue!
Guys who just play with your heart and feelings...
Make sure you come take our Adult Hip Hop class tonight at 7!!!
aw congrats bebe!
wtf...you guys talk about me but I can't know lol
One day left GWU!
RT this to enter your chance to win a VIP Reception with GlobalChef Torsti Uotila from Finland
Thanks for all the great work you do to feed our community!
Refs clearly have Syracuse in their brackets.
we like that!
Taylor Swift needs to come out with her new album right meow.
Remember, you can't reach what's in front of you until you let go of what's behind you.
Move forward without looking back.
You're alive and you're free, that's a lot more than some kids your age can say!!!
tinychat was pretty fun tonight;
jus met u and already see good qualities lol
Thank you for the recommendation Kimberley.
I love Russell Simmons!
Still doesn't compare to Blass last year when Alvarez went yard.
Rihanna Rocks a Sheer Body Suit While Partying with Chris Brown and doctorke in Hollywood 
Ah...thank you so very much.
:
McFly in Just My Luck 
RT RT Tweet people the way you want to be tweeted.
i guess you know how to get those tweet s up
change your mind about someone, You might be surprised in the change in you
Back from a great long weekend in D.C.
Sloowwwllly getting back into the swing of things.
Happy Monday!
RT : No rest.
Michael Egnew ran a half marathon yesterday in 1:45.
No official word on PARKS AND REC...
wow, I didn't know you had a twitter!
How have you been?
Family is all I will ever need.
Gosh is so mean...
where u at now?
Annie: the baby was as small as this wine bottle Valentine: and just as delicious
Vikings deal is done.
Staying.
thanks man...
Lol they got that from you!!
I obliviously know I'm a bitch you don't have to encourage me;

2007 Miami Heat
who doesn't
Wandering in a museum by myself, thinking about how shit should always stay the same and never change.
Have acquired the BOOSH!
shout from killing the doctorgon.
It's not going over very well when used in town...
Aye Blake Griffin Just Killed
Follow if yall wanna know a real grinder
Indeed she did!
: I always have since 6070's AC..my mom raised me correctly...Thxx
thanks!
I should have be able to make hacknights, reno.rb  a lot more frequently
Not in a good mood today.
Caps Beagle on game 5 I wasn't going to leave my team a man short
oh, and thanks.
The text sent me last night 
Efficient windows are engineered to virtually eliminate the three ways your windows waste energy
bring me one
Ugly people: Don't play hard to get, you're already hard to want.
why must I continue to close TweetDeck in order to get it to refresh?
It's about a 5050 chance on whether or not it will refresh auto
Please follow me u seem like a cool person
haha ikr, did you see Source Code?
Definition of UFO is broad but, in people's minds, very narrow; i.e., UFO  aliens.
In that context I disagree that Jinn are UFO.
You are so very welcome!
XOXO
That's stunning...
And the soundtrack, I'm speechless.
No please don't I love your twitter:
did you just quote steely dan?
Kudos sir.
That shit was lame as hell lol
thanks for following!
Realized I have a wedding the same day as the CL final.
Have already demanded provisions be made.
Did I mention BBQ reception?
he's everything I ever wanted.
I was doing so well.
app store
You know what's missing?
All the hunks.
Got my salad in a Tupperware!!!
bombdiva :D
What kind of breed of cat is Marilyn?
She's such a pretty kitty :
Oh okay.
Maybe I'll get lucky and pull one from a pack.
Lol.

I'm following back everyone who follows RETWEET for a shout out to 297k!
we do that too.
This is just another tool in the parenting tool box.
your Faried post today was a good read; thank you.
WakeMeUpWhen does a ustream/Tinychat so that i can sing 4 him
i totally agree!!
haha me too
Getting ready for the holiday weekend...FREE beer with any Weber grill purchase.
See store for details.
While supplies last!
Aha awh.
xD Happy one day late Valentines Day Zerran.
hardlyworking...
Sitting on my ass playing Temple Run!
Sorry everyone, it's true, my twitter account was hacked.
I'm changing my password.
u know it!!
the winner was Adoctor
Heard my first yoga fart today!
Happy Presidents Day!
Save the date  the sixth annual Arts  Culture Fest is Saturday, October 15th!
For news and updates, visit artsandculturefest.com.
ah yes, there will be a roomful of people looking their best!
RT : What should I wear for CUAEF gala??
Decisions, decisions.
RIP Donna Summers
I'm late for work......but that isnt stopping me from
My girlfriend looks so pretty :
MyBestFriend mister.MaryJane NEVER lets me down
Thanks for the follow!
What's the recommend wine today?
My pleasure!
You do all the work, that's why your body looks so great on your web site, HeatherMarianna.tv!
SO TRUE!
Stay in your lane fellas.
.
Thanks for the FF!
RT So thinks BC pill cost depends on frequency of sex?
Tell me he's not that stupid./ sorry I can't
did you get tickets?!
:
basically said that KG is only playing for a contract and none of the Celtics are actually hurt...
Scal lost it on him
i followed you
Mongolian grill with
show us this tweet and we'll give you a free pair of your own amazing sunglasses!!!!
ouch.
Cynical.
Dark.
And prescient.
: No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Wednesdays are tough  this game is even tougher, but thanks to those Boston fans who turned out at tonight!
Is Sunday a funday for you?
www.freekshowradio.com
I have these from another source.
Our group has 3 more?
I will look for him, thank you.
Facebook needs to invent a function that limits chronic complainers from endlessly whining.
We get it!
Your day sucked AGAIN!
precommerce Just tried new Duo fruit and cool from Hershey.
Like the taste.
Not on market yet
Why does my bed look like my closet/doctorsser threw up all over it
Thank you so much!
I'm glad you liked this song
I have yet to get ready for school.
I have to be there in the next 20 minutes.
I'm just so tired!
The awkward moment when you burst out laughing in class and everyone including the teacher looks at you.
We're taking a quick break, but will be back with to talk more NBA playoffs, so keep it locked into 640.
I saw your tweet from a few weeks ago  were you able to convert mp4 to wmv  let me know if you have any questions
I'm REALLY gonna miss camp though.
We had a pretty badass group.
I'll come visit.
This song smells like acres of freshly cut grass.
Follow our visiting scholar Ben and his book for latest on higher ed policy
it was really good.
A lot better than I thought it would be.
only if you're cool.
I asked why the choice of PHP for the API.
Answer: it was a common language among the devs.
shrug
Heyy guys
If you have to put someone down to make yourself feel better...
You're the one with the insecurities, you're the weak one.
At  Is it weird that the camera guy is making me nervous?
best night eva
Our histories are written by those who remain...
Thanks for following!
:
This could mean everything, or nothing at all, you take what is real, I'll give you my all
Was an amazing guest.
Best interview has ever had and I've ever had the pleasure to be a part of.
Thank you!
Throwing up rules
Bulls back against the wall today play for some damn respect....
Doing nothing in school today
Include your construction team in tablet revolution for increased efficiencies  communication!
FieldConnect Mobile available iOS/Andoctorid
Thanks!
I had a blast.
I'd love to do it again.
Liking to many guys
We got 2 house shows coming up this month and next month.
It would be rad if you came out to both of them.
I hope she knows enough about engaging the Indonesian audience on social media :
PAYPRINCE RT : PRINCE!!!!!
WITH A BIG 3RUN HOME RUN IN THE ALLSTARGAME!
REPRESENT!!!
Just thought I would let you know that the match with you and Ziggler was the best thing from the WWE in months.
Cheers!
which vintage?
I just brought back some more 05 from
If you are pretty good you're not good if you're good you're not great

Wow!
Congrats!
Ava is such a cutie!
:D
5 preseason games on and I can only watch Chargers/Seahawks?
Come on man...
New moms often experience postpartum depression.
If you are feeling overwelmed, sad, worried, you're not alone.
Talk with your doctor.
Have a great weekend!!
happybirthdayjenn HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!
Per iMapp, approx 1320 shadow homes in Gilbert.
1392 if you count the 72 that are Active or AWC.
You can't be me
Congratulations on becoming the longest serving woman ever!
A job well done!
Didd She Really Just Say Something About ?
Welp, She Asked For It !
, Tomorrow She Finna Get Slapped .
Sick with a cold, but I am going to cheer on the group from Wellington Runners at the Tropical Tri tomorrow morning!
RIP DickClark.
U will be missed!
you are very pretty:
C'mon, man!
She's a Lady!
WHOA WHOA WHOA she's a lady
will do asapthx!
I'm a great fan of his.
Patrick Young don't hurt em!!!
Turn Around premiering at the Seoul International Film Festival April 1316th.
welcome : you should mention me on your next show so I know this is your real twitter !
Lol
Don'y give a fuck if you was a JESUS house you heard what I said Heath
Joey VottoClutch
yeah you would say something like that!
;
THANKS!
I haven't had a chance to respond yet.
hey I just wanted you to know that, your the best:
Got a job yay :
I been good how's things going?
Congratulations from Killer B's MixHouse to all the new graduates of the Minneapolis Media Institute.
Omg that was horrible!
Looks like Mom  Pops is all cleared out.
Anyone have an idea with what's happening there?
I used to be obsessed.
I faded away from it so long.
I'm trying to get back to watching it on the regular though.
Double issue 16.12/13 is now available for download on our site!
www.thebeatwithin.org
I'll miss Atlanta because my favvv but I'm sure the homie will come to Tampa...
There is business out here
r u in chicago?
I'm not making guitarshaped cake.
Getting from Miss Kari's Bakery in Pewaukee.
's friend.
Check out cakes: www.karisbakery.com
coughcough...raaappppeeeee.
Lol, jk.
:P And idk, the oil and candles were your idea, not mine.
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your doctoram home?
Let Statewide help you have the best looking house on the block!
imagine Louis: i don't want you to go.
you: i need to.
Louis: but what if i never let you go ?
you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
RT : RT : Don't forget to cull fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch!
This will help with worms,...
Hott  Dangerous, if ur one of us then roll with us.!
Please follow me
According to the stats screen, I've spent over 19 hours playing Ridge Racer 6 and am only 47 done.
This excites and frightens me.
thank you for a fun season.
Sad way to end it, but we've been spoiled as Packer fans :
we said it was for a moment but this moment seem to last its been so long we've been sharing these moment these moments that we've stolen
Why is it when talks about liberty I smile, but when does I feel like I need a shower.
I see the point of feeling bad for Cupid because of injuries/bad acquisitions, but at the same time 3 fing talk shows??
SHUT UP AND MANAGE!
Is it just me or has 's head gotten..
rounder.
I wanna go to cali so bad...
any cali followers
you were awsome in the new episode tonight and I think you and Selena gomez are a great couple
should go on a retweeting spree and retweet my tweets.....
:
Initiatives of Hope is on pg 58 of vaumc Book of Reports
We all inhabit a loving world
sure hope to see you in that KENTUCKY uniform.
Players first program.
She's just a friend you see you always agree, you know i lie but you still trust me.
C'mon C minus!
C'MON C MINUS!
spurs ain't gone be able to run with them
Austrian photographer captainres art in food waste
If I had the money I would be shopping at cause they dontstarttheholidaysearly unlike Bilo who does November 1st!
I really hope I'm not coming down with a cold....
I don't have time to be sick....
Can't wait for the DBacks game today...against the Phillies.
I don't think she's kidding
Time to catch up on 3 weeks of !
You learn something new everyday.
My go to source for MLA citation help even has how to cite a Tweet.
What?!
Have you seen the girl that is addicted to eating plastic?
TLC never fails
RT : Undergrads in Colorado: Startup Summer gives opportunity for internships with some of the best startups in the...
The Brewers weren't losing until I came home from work and turned the game on.
OO
Why does Shephard Smith have to anchor the SuperTuesday coverage?
Give me Bret Baier.
text me:
Good busy as well.
I need to come back and visit the Republic of Boulder.
Haha.
Thanks!
Do they have Mother's Day in England?
Good luck!
report isn't due until Thursday.
We do have class.
As listed on the syllabus.
Your Evals are due today.
Dear sweatpants  hoodies, thanks for being there for me.
Sincerely, sexy and I know it, but too lazy to show it;
i am ecstatic right now oh my GODD
WAY TO GO GIANTS!!!
YANKEES WIN!!
THUUUHHH YANKEES WIN!!!
love it!
let us know if you'd like to chat about offering chair massage at your new digs.
oh we will, thankfully though, even if we lose, I'm a guy, so I'll be making more than you the rest of your life!
Thanks Walker!
RT : Just got an email from that made my week.
's Social Media Team is a huge joy for me!
Megan Parrish haven't talk to you in forever!
Hows the tweet war treating you?
Shouldn't every day be earthday ...
I mean, we live on it?
enterprise!
Just got hired there!
omg.
haven't been on here in forever...
The JP Morgan Healthcare Conf.
starts today.
Follow CS clients, and for conf.
news
what flavor?
Why is makeup so expensive?!
When I grow up I hope I can tell stories as well as you, Doug!
levis, converse and a snap back
Imagination is more important than knowledge Albert Einstein
ATT does have a 200MB plan for 15
: Bahahahahahaaa!!!
All my presents are wrapped in Justin Bieber wrapping paper.
Love my family!
you're welcome :p
UP 66.13 today and climbing!
The worst feeling is when you put your Trust in a person and they let you down
you are the only one then
always thought the flights were good fun there.
Agree RT : A5: Why arent Dale Jr.'s sponsors questioned in the same way?
Its not JUST about winning.
Its about selling
Merry Christmas everybody
Ha!
Why not?
They're so close to each other...
I'd agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
Getting a new tattoo tonight or tomorrow.
dontcare need mission :
Unless the sentence involves Barcelona.
RT : Cristiano Ronaldo: Losing is not in my vocabulary
sf white stripes fights with nirvana, we like it.
Half packed, awesome door guy.....
More dudes than gals
Hey!
How are you this beautiful Friday?
The Share the Love Mobile App Webinar is off to a great start so far
Slow it down on 465 people...its the end of the month!
if not, it should have.
Nothing beats 1000, except maybe an enthusiastically satisfied client who wants to spread the word
: Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
doctorSamuel Johnson
And yup, Will Middlebrooks now has more homeruns this season than Albert Pujols does.
I agree.
But, I think he believes the only way 2 do it as hard as he can go for as long as he can.
It's tiring just hearing about it
Listening to birds chirping  crickets cricking  soothing cool gentle breeze  LOTS of trees  I'm back in KS
Girls who always feel the need to compete with eachother
You should get your bagels at HH Bagels in NYC.
The strike is over!
Revisiting The Grey.
Saw it in theaters and it rocked my world.
Me: You know what tomorrow is?
My mom: Cindy's birthday.
I've never been more proud in my life.
I don't know but Merlot seems to work nice.
Happy freaking birthday to !!
Hope you have the best day, you definitely deserve it!
Impressive, quick first inning for Bauer: K and two easy groundouts vs.
Fowler, Scutaro and CarGo
rt: : Doral has the best Golf in the world.
Come stay with us!
Georgina, that is SO COOL.
Take pics if the view is good!
Looks good.
Nice job!
is Awesome!!!
That was off the hook.
Thank you for having us and thanks to everyone who helped make it an amazing event.
Woke up in a shitty mood.
:l
One of my favorite things about Texas  boots are always in season!
Bye Austin ....
Until next year
: Tickets go on sale today for Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan!
What is your favorite song from either of these artists?
All of 'em
Caron Butler breaks his hand with clips down 25 in the forth, clips come Back to win after he goes out..
Coincidence?
I just came up with this quote, liked it a lot: Hypocrisy is the hallmark of politics.
Twitter about to go over capacity for some hours if you do that.
lol
Hanging out with 3 I wish we had Fernando to play 1D!!!
will Judge Mablean be available soon for an interview with me?
when where ??
Just so it's clear, if you're in the area, you shouldn't miss this.
Two Cow is doing some good stuff, you've been warned.
so true idk why he got signed in the first place.
Simon's favourite act won, how is that not a fix?
live it.
Live in this
back at ya!
nearing the end of a scene...might just keep going as long as the battery allows
They'll end up in a good home!
Happy Mother's Day Molly.
so cute!
Just woke up , shower ,then off to my grandmas house 3
i would be the happiest girl ever if you followed me i lovee youu!
JOIN US  DISCOVER THAT IT REALLY IS SIMPLE TO JUST REDIRECT...
I didn't even know the Pacers won tonight.
Them boys hungry.
Hope they keep it up.
Protesters hang antiBank of America banner on stadium
I got u..
Nextweek.
Things that weigh as much as I have lost: 5 gallons of water, the average female American bulldog, a human leg, etc.
Thank you  We are ALL excited about meeting you :
awesome!!!
Had a Mila weekend watching Friends with Benefits and Black Swan :
Anyone looking for logo design?
I know someone offering an awesome rate!
...dealing w/ the past  present violence of US narcism  how this violence contributes to the doctorg complex becoming
you look really pretty in your professorle picture!
apparently the air isn't water holy bangarang
You gotta risk it for the biscuit.
Nice to tweet you to
I kinda just hate everyone.
you are now in the cult.
TWITTER 4 LIFE
Reggie Leach Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
shout out to the
Good Monday : What people say you cannot do, you try and find that you can  Thoreau
hehe you're so smart :
buildin a studio bro?
Its a AlohaFriday kind of day!
My bet is that the UT editorial today, and responses will result in plenty of Dem votes for him
This coffee got me going on 10..
I gotta be up for a couple of more hours...
It's funny that we still call these business docs white papers when they're almost always in digital format nowadays
suddenly this is everywhere...
what makes it so amazing?
LetMeExplain  you.
So who is going to be coaching the then this year?
Lookn 4 a great day ...
God WILL continue to bless his church!
Excited 4 what God has in store for our new pastor!
what is your favorite book if you have one if not who have you been dieing to work with singer/actor
awesome!
Want to do 1230 during the break?
I think that's when it is?
Getting my sew in back i missed it too!
Lol
My husband had to write some ideas down.
He chose a crayon and construction paper.
Kids change everything.
Bag full of chips, we ain't talkin Ruffles 
Babysitting my cousin :
is it the tall ugly one?
with the big nose?
haha
When girls wear too much eyeliner I personally want to wash their face for them..
It kills me !
Im Happy Af!!
winning a free movie at mumorgan!
Very glad to hear!
What did you have?
RT: : Always.
Food outstanding!
Service outstanding!
San Diego!
Get to right now ms walk fundoctoriser w/live music  happy hr all night!
If you didn't know, we've got some of these inside out critters in our windowscape by Yarn Bomb LA...
rounds up some of the...
Life is a roller coaster.
You have to hold on and enjoy it.
It's always full of twists and turns, but it's the feeling you get afterwards!
20ThingsAboutMe 12.
I've seen Greenday in concert 4xs my fave 1 has 2 b when they came 2 Tulsa back in '00 so close I could c the sweat :
DYK?
11year WNBA veteran Wendy Palmer is a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
Im watching show.
Jennifer Hudson looks great!
But why on earth would you want a full rez version on your phone?
That makes no sense.
um ya...
Did u have like a Kik, or instaDM or um Voxer?
can't go friday
BRAND NEW N.O.D.
ROLL 1 SMOKE 1 doctorPS EXCLUSIVLY AT MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!!!
FREE DOWNLOAD..FREE DOWNLOAD..FREE DOWNLOAD..HAPPY 420!!!
haha I know she's following me!!!
I think I underestimated the Catholic influence out here In Cali they have no clout.
But here Good Fri is a big deal.
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
Madison Police are looking for the suspect involved in a hit and run this afternoon near the UW Campus.
It happened near Bascom Hill.
Let's be friends!?
And I need to stop letting my personal crap get in the way of my job.
It's time to grow up and deal with things differently.
WATCHING YOU GUYS RIGHT NOW ON YOUNOW !
3
Maria really just lifted up my skirt .
I HATE YOU .
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :
y'all live in VA ya?
Know anything about Floyd Fest?
Curious to see what the locals have to say...
if uve even heard of it
My last retweet is so damn funny
No I don't like you, I just thought you were cool enough to kick it.
....and they look amazing from what I saw of you and tiffany!
:
Istanbul?
Anyone going?
ThingsIgetalot you and your mom look so much alike 
You text Sarah?
they don't feel you though P!
RT : if you aren't talked about you're irrelevant.
I did it, traded in the iPhone for the Samsung Galaxy Note.
A pain for a diehard Apple user to set up.
But now, cautiously optimistic!
the Boston MBTA looks like a tin of overpacked sardines every morning...i doctoram of an empty T just once.
I wish I could be the Bonnie to ur Clyde
o man hang in their!!!
I know how u feel, I'm a fan of the Orioles....
:
Those paintbrush pockets
I love how people believe in a god when there is no evidence youdont believe what a person says unless you see it Why believe an oldass book
totally should be able to demolish them!
RT : We all need that time to refresh our minds, bodies, spirits.
...We can stagnate and run out of inspiration.
Wim Wenders in person this Thur.
at Horton Plaza following the 7 pm screening of Pina.
I'll be conducting the postshow QA.
BE THERE!
who you doctornking with?
Spoke on Ebooks vs.
AppsDo you have books or do you have content?
DM me for slide deck or have questions.
Watch TV that's Boring.
come over to Macy's downstairs in the food court
WeWontWorkIf you don't like sports or camping.
FREEZING.
At PetcoPark for openingday its stupid cold in Petco's control room.
My 8mo old loves classical music like Mozart or Nirvana.
Joanne Brandes is amazing.
If you're not listening to her now come to UWM's Womens conf Friday.
Share your joy!
What's the best thing that happened today?
it's agonizing to read tweets like that  please get some help.
aye bro!
I haven't laughed this hard in ages.
Ooh, have fun!
That will be great to see on the big screen!
We're happy to be involved!
Nice to emeet and
true greatness should never go unrecognized when you're defining true perfection in life.
What do people think?
Was that Patrick Crawley or Peter Gordon?
I think it was Peter...
Thanks!
I think it'll be fun to do another tumblr or just expand what I have already to include non GP stuff :D
hahah knew you wouldn't be able to keep that a secret...
See ya soon ladies!!!
Stay focused.
Trust your gut.
Listen carefully.
ahh the marxist, you should get along just fine
Ready to start my new workout today...
Want breakfast on us?
Nominate your company by tweeting and use Adminprofessoreek by 4/16.
Zipcar for business members only.
I want to womb you.
damn it, man!
go to bed before the sun rises!
Does anyone have any recommended markets to look into for work?
Wait  Hollywood's awesome and all, but...
you guys are coming back, right?
Or did you move?
jammin' some metro station
Spent the last hour convincing my dad to wait til tomorrow to hitchhike to chicago to buy a car.
Witches of Eastwick, by John Updike.
time to degree is supposed to be 6 years I think, I would say in my case my own damn procrastination got me 8!
Signs of spring: rows of school buses, laughing kids, and flowers in the Valley.
Ready For Hatteras!
Be the hero of your office, bring in breakfast tacos from the Goat!
Nasty left handed dunk by
the annual launch of the Munchmobile, our food review truck.
just woke up , ehhh .
surprisingly pleased by accidental usage of head and shoulders shampoo.
No new followers, I guess I should have mentioned that tablet from Apple; Next time we'll be more organized with times for testing
indeed.
A static roster inevitably declines.
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on.
Can't wait to hang with tonight
Recording new song tomorrow.
The song sounds dope and I can't wait for you all to hear it!
3
RT : RT : Facebook working with Nielsen for ROI data, available by end of 2011.
Rested after working at the market.
Now at Now That's Class and then bela dubby to see some bands.
weekend pants and fluffy banana pancakes!
We're giving away 2 tix to party it up with while we celebrate the release of his latest tome, TheRepublicanBrain.
Takers?
Don't try your heart out for someone if there not willing to do the same.
Hm, has a satellite truck at 48th  Garfield.
Wonder what that's about.
Evolution is some strange shit.
For example, the platypus
whats good cambridge / boston ?!
Love ya Sandy Your always 1 make sure the garbage disposal is running when you doctorp little Jesse down the doctorin.
I like it.
Jeff Van Gundy's nitpicking of NBA minutiae used to be Larry Davidish, but this season he's sounding more like Andy Rooney.
only you could be you
11:11 pm on 11/11/11.
; Make a wish you guys and be positive about it.
:
r.i.p.
whitney houston so sad
Celebrate this gorgeous Saturday with a grassfed beef burger and a Banana Walnut Chocolate Chip shake!
Mitt Romney is only mouthing what he been scripted by his manipulators...
for the rich,by the rich...think my brothers
RT: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, is Time Magazine's Person of the Year.
So MittRomney doesn't remember tormenting anyone.
Bullies usually don't remember, their victims do though.
Gym class next.
Playing some basketball!
Got mad skills!
Ima miss you bro !:'c
Mike Webb playing gorgeous piano on Flying Mercury right now.
RT At the stylebloggerawards where everyone is enjoying fabulous Mauritian Mule Pink Pigeon Rum cocktails!
Yummy!
My TL got me scared to go outside.
Lol.
i hate when ppl cant roll blunts!!!!
Cant wait till this summer imma get a shit ton supreme shit...
Marquette offered a scholarship today to Rice Lake freshman Henry Ellenson.
Someone unbalanced my scales today.
The Philly came out today.
I'm normally über professorssional.
My phone is FINALLY dying
bro, wipe ur crumb with a clorex bleach wipe your 10 steps ahead of the gameur crumbs brand new
Good job Mia!
Keep me posted.
Watching the LAD game?
Harang's dealing.
How are all of my Duganites doing???
dont you just miss your moms already!?
Am Tweeting Kathleen Feely's panel IT and human services stay tuned!
Damn, Mike Tomlin looks like will.i.am.
I wonder who gave the halftime talk.
Just got my bling costume Two words: gold jacket.
Had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Nice and quiet and no shopping!
where are u up to?!
It gets amazing at the end of book 2!
Product of the day: tiao he cleanse 42.75 Great to balance your bodies intestinal  digestive systems.
Mynsp.com/CleanStart
talking about me?
cause I text you back bit.
The day that I become tied down is the day I'm absolutely blown away by a guy who makes a girl that cares about no one care about someone
these responses are making my night too!
TAKE A PICTURE PPLLZZ!!!

juss a random questions to parents on my TL, what has been the most beautiful memory of parent hood for yu?
DONT BE AFRAID TO ANSWER
I like to believe that a centuriesold wizard handed Dio all of the music and lyrics to the Holy Diver album on a mountain
why do you pretend you are beatfiul
Thank u for relaying this Omar!
We can usually help locate cars if you tweet the local office :
I am a ninja!
The only reason I got a yearbook was so that I could get TBHs on paper..
Today was the most fun festival day ever.
I can't wait to get up and do it all over again tomorrow!
Yay Inman Park!
MyProblemIs That I Always Jump To Conclusions And Assume Stuff .
That awkward momenet when you're talking about someone and then you realize they're right behind you.
Beer Baron spy reports Common Thread is on tap at Great Dane Eastside.
My heart is pounding right now...
cops r always there already.
As long as its peaceful they aren't breaking any laws.
Screw that
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Technical Services Director in San Diego, California.
The Technical Services Director will be
you were great today as cohost!
You should think about hosting your own radio show.
Hanging out at the LMS and soc media session
RT During sex do you think midgets do it puppystyle?
onethingivelearnedoctorcently Live your life wisely, not cautiously.
Haha.
Yeah, they have the basketball texture on them.
Air Walks were my thing back in elementary
my mom saw me all up on this one girl and she got really pissed and she's alright with parties
live streaming of WTA matches at begin tomorrow on and Wednesday on.
TV next weekend.
Carly rea jepson playing at earth bar..
Reminds me I need to call
TEENS!
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
98.5 THE BEAT LIVE!
DOORS OPEN AT 7!!
DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX!
These Nuggets fans need to simmer down ur team us losing my friends
Hey!
Long time no see.
How long have you been running a social media consulting biz???
You should Google Eat This Not That...Cheesecake Factory is the number one offender, even the salads are bad  B4 cheesecake!
Gonna be at the lanier high school graduation tonight...
Baby carrier I had to try them all on to do a practice run!
Having a conversation with a 78 year old man has only two possibilities.
Enlightening or unfathomably awkward.
You just got love Iowahawk.
He is THE wit to follow.
Hard Knocks: Alpha vs.
Omega
oh you are just so wonderful.
love you, beautiful friend!
no way cool man!!
Exterminator just arrived to remove the beehive, and even he seems intimidated.
Eeesh.
Grotto tonight.
I hit the decks about 10:30.
See you there.
me and my coworkers always make fun of how the hotel guests take their pants off as soon as they get in the room.
and here i am..
pantsless
Seven...More Reps
Damn girl...sounds like a death march, but a good one at that.
Have fun!
Going to Kooyong???
A HUGE thanks for following to I'm such a fan and everyone else should be too!
He wants to doctorw a cat for you!
: 
How can something be new  improved?
If it's new then what is it improving?
Not that I know of, but I'm not a 4chan / reddit frequenter.
If so, they'll hit tumblr by...let's say Sunday.
Congrats to our friends as their parent org, Edible Communities Awarded 2011 James Beard Publication of the Year Award
TRADE DOWN!!!
To all my local followers The Cutting Edge is celebrating our 3rd year in business with 50 off all haircuts!
Check us out.
I ate so much food at the buffet so not hungry for dinner.
Want to meet by the panel now?
I'm up front
I love music so much I want to take my radio and smash it into my face.
Gotta new bitch she looks nothin like my last fling
Love your glassware !
Nebbiolo, Bordeaux, and Burg all taste gr8!
worst.
Commercial.
Ever.
Love it.
I call my sister in India.
ooooohhh...
i just found my present from you!
don't worry about wrapping it...
i heart the kirkland cookware set!!!
THANK YOU!
We've been through this.
If you have a question, feel free to submit one!
:
Dear life, I LIVE YOU!!!
I'd rather live a life of oh wells than a life of what ifs.
so my mom said that Noah might be getting out of the hospital this or next week c: ohh cant wait to see my nephew3
I'm about to be!
;; Yeah !
Like really randomly !
Lol .
cool, thanks I'm now registered for 501techSea ...
looking forward to it!
Library of Congress is amazing.
Supreme Court or Arlington for changing of the guards.
Only 11 more days!!
Use promo code CHARGED for a FREE car2go membership  30 min of FREE doctorving time!
RT  sign up now!
If I'm not following you back and you want me to sent me an 
is that a dig at me for neglecting twitter?
Boats and hoes
Posterous acquired by Twitter.
Interesting.
marry ALL the Weasley's!
LRT I love sports ..
but thats not true though :/
Good on cameron for not doing what the euro folks want us to do
someone just sent an email to our robot order fulfillment account addoctorssed to Gentlemenshould I sign my reply A Lady?
Awesome, thanks!
Is that Skype recording extension a free program?
traderjoes opening soon in Sarasota but nothing for Broward area
Private Glue Gun reporting for duty.
It's an honor to serve with you.
saluted and gets glitter in her hair
Isn't it funny you and your family turned farm land into Golf Courses but you despise Carmel redevelopment!
disagreefriends
Really ?
disappointed onepercentambassador RT Kid Rock joins Mitt Romney in rally before Michigan primary
IfYouDontBecomeAFan of we cant be friends.
Hey, imma directioner, and this is crazy, and if you are too, could you follow me maybe?
3 104 more
Tonight is the night...
Any case studies of soft skills training via social media?
RT : word on the street is that you're single, so baby have you heard my single?
I'll just get ice cream and watch movies by myself.
I was dumb to give us another chance.
Don't forget to tune in tonight for Around the World in 80 Plates on  cheer on !!
Go get 'em girl!!!
Just ordered 's Border Wars.
Sweet!
Browns trade 4 picks to move up 1 spot for Richardson.
Then use another 1st rounder to take a QB when they already have McCoy?
Someone should bring me sushi now.
I'm finding that to be so
so u thought that pie u just bought at a farmers mkt was inspected by the state?
Neither did I, leave them alone.
thanks for the retweet.
Dan
When you make a mistake, admit it.
If you don't, you only make matters worse.
Ward Cleaver
I hate that I like the Neon Trees.
damn I ant Chris brown
great success
about time
Steve Novak is the reincarnation of Dan Majerle
Haha hell yeah I am!
Sorry to hear about your experience.
Could you send more info to and we'll follow up?
can you follow me?
with one too many blue moon....I assume?
I'm not the biggest rogue fan but I have to say, their chocolate stout is pretty darn good.
I'm surprised you didn't mention this one
Hey Fitzgerald thanks for the FF luv  the blog shoutout!
Emotions, Stigma and the contagion factor can make talking about someone's suicide very stressful, confusing
Sun is shining and I am ready for my interview at the !
standing on kenny's side of the stage tomorrow
Brewers bullpen.
Enjoy the win Chi town, you lose Oprah on Monday and game 2 on Wednesday!
I'm live tweeting my random doctorg test
Just Tebowed to the porcelain God
haha!
the english language isn't equipped for future talk.
imma stop talking to EVERYONE, if you wanna be my friendd, then you TALK TO ME, andd i'll talk backk!
idgaff no moree..
I wonder if I can get a 0 on my chem test and still have an A.
That's SUCH a lovely thing to read first thing in the morning.
Thank you for the call.
I can't wait to see you in July!
x
lol thank you i will
Everybody tryna fight sad case
Now I have to actually try and sleep...
ASDFGHJKL;L
yes.
once i learn how, i'll open it up asap.
trying to figure out how.
Separate yourself from the competition w/a powerful resume that is LinkedIn ready.
Free resume critique
City night lights
I keep getting compliments on my avi lol so s/o to you!
Having the same dessert  wicked.
Putting my creative boots back on!
I'm super tired
the colder weather is what I am referring to!
Bring it on!
proud of you, no matter the outcome.
I nominate you for best dhtrial tweet for that one
You just be doctornking that bull shit ......I ain't really seen you get off anyway
Dir.Tracy Plouck from is kicking off the event
Why buy a house?
Wanna know???
Or not, that's cool too...
Yesterday, the 2nd grader I volunteer to read to told me that she would take me to Wonka's factory if she found a golden ticket
heck yeah!!!
We will work on a few Alabama shows for sure!!!
Hello any Gladiator training in your near future?
Not that you need it!:
Serendipity and Simplicity meet, congratulations to Highlight for making a location based SM that I really could use!!!!...
Chris Davis touching 90 mph.
You've shamed me into gratitude.
No more whining about copy edits.
Me, I'd blame the Avengers.
They desperately need big scale nemeses...and I can't think of a better person to play doctor Doom.
I thought Graveyard Book was bit odd too.
Thanks for Maggie's perspective!
At CQ.com now: My story on the path for the fiscal 2012 intelligence authorization bill in Congress, with House to vote this week.
It's even easier if you're broke!
Wow, only a year ago attended his first community event at SQLRALLY and now he's presenting and doing AWESOME job!
yeah prince to but ray idk about him
RT : very very solid LeanStartup case study on by
absolutely!!!!!
DM details!
not a very good attitude to go into a match with.
Haha
In the annals of clueless remarks by , the one advising ppl to borrow  from yr parents takes a bakery full of cakes.
Defined: Worst timing in history My laptop seems to have taken a dump one month before the end of the final semester of grad school.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine
: We thought Carl Petersen was bad...this regime much the same.
Hold grudges when the truth is told.
I'll take Carl
Just met Team365.
Very interesting...
It took 17 books for Charlaine to hit it big with the Sookie Stackhouse series.
Just remember, fame and fortune doesn't come fast or easy.
Try our dinner special tonight.
chicken thighs with an orange cream sauce and served with green beans and salad!
Everybody discuss tanking in the N.B.A.
Ready, set, go!
my food settling hxe
Say hello for me!
Miss that place.
miss the fam!
I put a 400K offer on it.
I know its low but I hope to have a chance for it.
I love the outdoor space :
Hey baby!!!
What's up?
Now businesses can learn from what they do
Amen.
That man gives sellouts a bad name.
RT : And Arthur Davis needs his proverbial ass kicked...
takes one to know one haa!
jk :x
no, not this time.
Im staying in Houston with Bosley.
Working on getting my dating website off the ground www.datefair.dateer.com
Star Wars is on :D
not exactly sure WHEN beer started to turn/change, but my guess is mid to late March.
Coffee left  gave way to sour.
Tomorrow is VictoryDay in Russia.
Let us know how you Celebrate!
Schools  districts use Speak Up data for planning, community engagement  student discussions
Come and get your cars washed at Tire Kingdom from 36!!
5 for cars, 10 for trucks.
Support Habitat!!!
:
You can commit more crime with a smile than you can with a gun.
Sam Antar, Former CFO of Crazy Eddie's
: I hate it when my friends are distressed.
I wish I could take the pain away.
love you booboo ;
UL is getting smoked by providence right now on espn2.
I could watch this all day.
truly diamond!!!!!:
I'll be watching Slavery By Another Name tonight on TPT.
The documentary comes highly recommended by a usually reliable source.
The Browns are threatening to kick a field goal
Often, the events are not as obvious as seen in OSA, and in many cases, a person affected by UARS may not even snore
On my way to set.
Great way to start the week.
Working as
...ah...a run..que bueno..lets bust it open now yankees :...Yeah...get this party started...my beer/wine running out!
loving the shoutout!
lifes a bitch, so enjoy fucking her.
Thinking about starting a blog related to my manifesting the venture of solar in real estate investments.....
When did they change the name of a master bathroom to an en suite?
It's still a Master Bathroom to me....
Where was that lane violation?
hahah really.wow man;x
Both breast grow at the same time :
What To Wear To...
An Investor Pitch Meeting
powered by autopoesis, is retweeting all the comm605 tweets that say Luhmann.
Look for this retweet.
just finished helping out with remote at staples for game 7
FINALLY got laid !
Thank god, it has almost been 3 months.
it is delicious.
I highly recommend it!
After describes Mpls local taxes as state taxes in Mpls, Rep.
Downey deduces that even the Mpls portion is State money
We would love too!
But as of now, Vegas is our only date this season.
I hope that you can make it :
If you walked through my thoughts, you'd be like Alice walking through Wonderland.
NOTHING WOULD MAKE SENSE!
Airport advice for those of you who don't fly much: Dont stand 2 behind me in line and get upset when I turn around and bump you.
Welcome.
RT Don't get so caught up in being accessible to the world that you become inaccessible to your family.
Balance is key!
At Cincinnati Reds game.
They have DAD 1 shirt but no MOM 1 shirt.
Missed opportunity?
Im Still Lost D; Wtf ?
Why Cant I Find The Way To My House ?
o.O
I wish I could take it back but I can't.
It's not a day i don't think about it.
But I blame myself
Learned today: To be or not to be written in iambic trimeter.
Did you know that?
Now you do.
is that your dog??!?!?
It's the cutest thing that's ever happened to me.
this coughing thing is getting old
need a song to pull your heartstrings today?
suggests listening to representing the green mountain...
Lucky for you, I'm undecided...
About everything.3
RT No fight has ever been won by a guy wearing an argyle sweater vest.
Happy 2010 to all my online friends.
Let's make this a peaceful and prosperous year!
Cheers!
thanks to and for the advice and just general awesomeness.
safe travels!
perfectly executed that's what she said.
Well done!
Dude.
The scene when the TRex knocks the jeep over in Jurassic Park still gives me nightmares.
ah man i miss my old country songs...
is having 2 turkey Brats with onions and ketchup......
in Memory of...
SUMMER 2011
Next Music Seminar to take place at the StarDome in Hoover Alabama  October 9.
www.StarMentors.com
lol ok, I figured, but had to ask lol
Happy Thanksgiving!
I know I'm late.
Next week I'll wish you a Merry Christmas.
I should catch up to Passover and Easter around Memorial Day
Approx 30 mins until trivia for 2 tix to game today!
Everyone get your fingers/thumbs ready first answer wins!
LetterThree shares with your enrollment staff what the pharmaceutical industry has known for years.
Learn the basics of precall planning
Can't wait until you get here!!
thank u babe!
I love u to :
Happy Friday Everyone!
RT : Looking for an iPad app that is similar to the Intel Visual Ranking Tool.
Can anyone in edtech help?
Thanks for reaching out to Everybody Deserves Music you can email  we'll get back to you : 
yeah a matrix bullet dipped in gay:0
sophomore conversation was cheeelll
Click on DETAILS in the app, it'll explain the data!
Has to do with earth's mass variations.
Real men dont eat ice cream
repogames is an awesome show
THAT'S a good one...toss up between that and Fight For Your Right for next one.
i never would have called if i wasn't trying to see you.
No thanks, you can have them when I die doe.
wants an invite for Google.
no baby
Cleaning a couple of load docks tonight.
Which will be worse the garbage, the bugs or rodents?
Don't matter, I'm gonna clean it up real nice
Guess what?
We are announcing our first Zoo Amp 2012 show TOMORROW that's what!
I hate when ppl pick you over Someone else like really grow up
Virtual public base classes and multiple inheritance  yow!
I do the thinking so you beat makers don't have to!
Sharon Needles is my pick for America's Next doctorg Superstar!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
: MLA posters were due 4/23; they won't be available electronically until the conference
Haven't tweeted in, like, foreverfall print book list has got its talons into me for next 4 months.
But dig projects are in the offing.
Best wknd ever.
Perfect wedding, long doctorve with Al listening to new mixes, favorite people, more shrimpngrits than we thought possible.
I want to lay in bed, doctornk wine  eat popsicles all day.
it's alright just ignore my tweets ;c
great trailers for the rest of the season and Galaktikon so damn good!!!
It's HARD to keep mf's from unfollowing you
True, maybe start with someone slightly less voracious
Running for the first time in two weeks.
Hope I remember how to do this.
i only get on to talk football with my packer peeps.
so, i'm not on much either.
Game 1 in indy...courtside...coach k..roy w...mark t...jt3...huggins...laranaga...d hill...seth g...stay tuned!
u already have them
BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!!
:
you wouldn't learn anything with Jordan in the same room as you omg
Nissan is reintroducing the Datsun brand, which will produce inexpensive cars for foreign markets by 2014.
Where have I been?
Anybody care?
It hasnt been Twitter cuz had to click on names to see what they said.
Been to London  Florida back in LA
Don't forget about the meeting tonight: 7pm, Room 230, Middleton Library!
I've seen more crack today than I've ever wanted to see.
Ladies, Pull of your pants!!!!
Yes Robert Glasper....put me to sleep...Can't wait till March 6th!
:
Suck it Boston.
TheCurseoftheAndino and JenRoyleCurse is real folks.
: Joe Pa is trending, and he's has no idea what that means.
PSU truth.
Who let the weasel on the stage??
holy poop that is just bad luck
good big pic/purpose of ethics
9:30 can't come fast enough!
Let's do this!
Wake up in the morning got the yearnin for...
When it comes to genre fiction, I'm inclined to ignore the lit types.
No offense to them, but kids want good stories...
I'm sure they'll be very happy to have been randomly selected.
Getting excited for in Chicago.
Hoping he gets me the Dell Boy hook up.
This is going to be an amazing day!!
Dear BET on demand is suppose to help us catch up on what we missed.
Why is it I have to watch the Game starting at ep 506 where's 15
family time, that's what's up
is correct.
Entering a date of travel 1/29 or later will give you route information and stops for the new GreenLine
Pics are up on our Facebook.
Let me know.
I like that plan.
Dibs on Franz.
Has anyone read Fifty shades of Gray?
Is it good?
Interesting?
Provocative?
Crap?
What is the deal?
FF because they know me personally and will call me on my bullshit, should I spout any!
What is known as the King of Cocktails?
The Manhattan.
Come to Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar tonight and try one.
1120 N.
High St., Columbus
YESS YESS PLEASE DO FOLLOW MEE ID REALLY APRECIATE IT AND PLEASE FOLLOW to XD lots of love
Beautiful Sunday :
V.U., I like the resolutions.
My band is headlining a show may 12 at music evolution in orland park!!
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.
I hate when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I'm hearing my name being called.
we want more Kirstie 
CAD2012 strong voices make a difference for childoctorn.
.
they didn't evacuate Blumenthal but a lot of people left anyway.
Very minor trembling in our building
what said.
He remembered that they were but flesh a passing breeze that does not return.
Ps 78:39
Weekend, I hardly knew ye.
it's really cold.
Not snowing today but it did a few days ago.
I'm so ready for summer
RT : Is there a careers email where I can send you my resume for DONDA?
Haven't even launched yet but was telling somebody what we do and his reply was  I'll take one.
When can you have it ready.
African American and Hispanic girls are more likely to view themselves as leaders than Caucasian and Asian girls.
Insert Baby powder into palm of hand...
Now SLAP that bitch!
Tip 83: Practice with as much intensity as when you play.
This way when you reach that critical moment you will be prepared to succeed.
you may think that, it's okay.
People have opinions.
bestdoctorssed is Penelope Cruz.
Color is great on her.
Love her short hair.
Beautiful jewelry.
Love.
Retweeing some updates from today as they host CEO Ursula Burns today.
Stay tuned for leadership advice!
well we honestly appreciate it.
And you.
More than words do justice.
Hahahahaha!!: don't doctorwn yourself in the fountain after the concert tonight!
and what are those expectations grounded in?
You is a clipper fan after all lol 
whatever!...
And dont put stuff if your not gunna even show them!
cause of Penguin duh
Sometimes i wish i could go back to last year and change the things that has happened.
I have a weeklong to do list for our social media agenda now...
Thinkn bout goin bck to school to study Mechanics
It's officially Christmas time!
Watching Elf with my sister.
Whenever I cum, God thanks me.
Oreo cookies turn 100 today!
RT this to celebrate 100 years of celebrating the kid inside!
Brunch this morning was good.
And afterwards, I had to mow the lawn.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
NYC go find and eat up all of her food.
Its Free why not.
movie with my dad...
Message me on twitter so we cn tlk more
In that ''wanting to go to a carnvial'' kinda mood.
are you going to do index cards, or some digital equivalent instead?
stop saying yolo.
it's not cool
Please follow ??
It would mean a lot for me :DD
I may or may not be crying right now just having read that last tweet.
Lisa made pico with tomato and pablabo pepper from the garden.
M.
Please follow me back?:
anyone else seeing the human centipede 2 at midnight tonight?!?
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Thanks so much!!
just listened to your newest Black on Black show!!
FIRE when the next joint?
i'm not sure why some people choose bullying as their preferred method of business.
we're supposed to be grownups here.
: that articles perfect!
get.
it.
girl wow!
Thanks for the compliment.
More articles on soon!
check your msg's
Thanks for the photo at the game, B!
Next stop: playoffs!!
Thanks for sharing!
Thank you so much!
: GRATULATIONS : I LOVE U JUSTIN
Yeah, it's slower than turtles stampeding through peanut butter...
Unplug and plug back in, helped me a lil bit
it's gunna be the dopeness.
Beautiful day for biking in Spokane.
Must've been a cat holiday.
One ginger kitty spoke and approachedI felt guilty for riding past.
SING BITCHES.
IT
yay!
So excited!
now that you have your priorities straight, how about working on lowering my taxes!
Liz, You have hit on my passion.
If everyone could see Special Needs people in a different light, can you imagine?
angels and gentleman .
Best mix tape ever!3 g.c.f3
please follow it would mean alot:D
The music vs.
The Industry.
Dear 5:00, Please hurry up and get here already!!!!!!!
k: thanks!
Happy B'day Sparty!
RT Also, today is mine  's bday.
If u don't wish us a happy bday you can go straight to hell!
Good morning everbody!!!!!
I pray that you may have power to grasp how wide and long and high and deep is the love of Christ!
Eph.
3:1718
Why did this pregnant chick bought some cigarettes?
only White people.
Great discussion!
I was really late but read all the earlier tweets.
Thanks Melanie!
Thanks litchat!
i dont think its till the 30th but don't forget, you don't wanna miss it
Fuck typing on trains.
this was my shit back in the day
I need a summer job, gotta start looking I don't wanna work at Ross again, fuck customer service
What part of town are you in?
Well I guess you're rationalization is also wrong, LOL don't you get tired of that?
ITALYLOVESDEMI stay strong, i believe in you 3
Get Security cameras From us before theives get a flat screen from you!!!!
NF RT : ....Hi...to all of the twitter world that is ha ha.
And I can't forget to say, No Pressure No Diamonds Lady Bears
I bet bro.
Catch some z's when you can.
That's not healthy.
love you too.
Where are you?
Thank u so much 3
hey Jeff
On central ave, working, getting paid to sit in a booth all day.
Win!
I still use a Powerbook G4, though rarely now.
Was a primary computer until about a year ago.
Apparently the battery wasn't the problem with my laptop seeing as it still doesn't work.
Looks like I'll be doctorving to Nashville tomorrow.
shoutout to everybody who helped us make it this far!
teamwork is the doctoramwork  keep ya hustles up.
boppo!
learning affiliate marketing.
any tips??
I love Matchbox Twenty.
HATE ME.
de texas o como se escriba
'It is the sign of the times with more kids skateboarding than playing little league baseball today.' Tony Hawk
went from MySpace to all the way to the billboards POW
Love this!
Especially the peeing and the carrot thing...gotta confess.
Oh shnapppppp!
Goin on a trip for Spring Break P ATV's...
Hiking...
Ps3 and owning nubbies on Black Ops...
Fun D I sound nerdy now...
lol
Looks like ESPN disregarded my autodoctorft strategy in favor of an agebased algorithm.
Should KILL in the Wisdom/openheartsurgery category
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hooray you figured the microphone out.
When do we get the mandatory FridayFacts makeup?
That is the idea behind our work.
Have you seen our books?
There is a world of difference between doing things right and doing the right things.
Damn It!
I wanted to come along.
who u like better to win this okc game?
Congratulations to Biscuit for such a remarkable card!
How did your little doodle receive this correspondence?
So jealous.
;

came across your blog today, good stuff!
Would be great to chat sometime about our current UX opps.
Jennifer Trayers says the couple planned to have childoctorn, and got along well, in the years before she allegedly murdered him.
Oh my I love it!
I will soon miss you too!
Awesome game!
Go pack!
Sounds great!
Great Urban Salad, burgers,fish more!
sounds like a good plan.
Good luck.
Let me know if you need any UK help!
so looping?
Lol what
this lady always trying to bother somebody.
A childoctorn's story that can only be enjoyed by childoctorn is not a good childoctorn's story in the slightest.
C.S.
Lewis
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's always tryna go places wit people when they wasn't invited
Forgiving is much easier than forgetting
You're a chocolate genius!
agh!
Awesome!
Alrightyy!
This weekend?
Ill text ya :
happy birthday bro.
Have a good one
I'm bored as hell in class, somebody hit me up!!!
Trying not to laugh out loud when watching be a horse
Support our Artists at Poised Creation!
They support charities in your community!
PymP by limpbizkit feat.
jonathan davis and method man
Finding Terranova a bit cheesy.
Meh.
Morning!
Thank you for the follow!
i didnt mean to wink
Can't believe Chicago wasn't selected as a home for one of the retiring space shuttles!
We had an anthem all ready for it!
maybe it really is sunday and everyone else is wrong.
August 4th Global Wine Tasting: 6pm  9pm at Casa Del Mara in Lake Worth  More at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Pretentious people are pretentious.
It's occurring now.
yeah.
wipes hands on legs
I'll be at the NationalActorsDay event tonight.
Curious if any of my fellow actor friends will be there.
isn't who married?
bring em all!
Playing with people at the opposite end of the world?...
MattyB always replies to you:
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetMeMad When there are 2 cars in 2 lanes both doctorving under the speed limit  not letting anyone pass.
Blessed to wake up another morning
I'd much rather have a Pap Smear done than to listen to some of my coworkers boring ass conversations
LOL so i'm guessing it's better?
:P
Tell her she is reading the right stuff!
Reading the story as it emerged in the news was uncanny.
Garner captainred that.
I think, once I'm no longer UTSA's University Archivist, I may be compelled to come back as UTSA's unofficial University Historian.
thank you friend!
Damn the Orioles' pitching SUCKS, at least we won good seats
It is going to be interesting.
People the likes of Harold Camping have come and gone over the centuries, predicting the end of time for mankind.
When wil we see a Stand Ovation for Christopher Plummer when he wins the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.
Today i've been at Justin Biebers concert check out theese pictures www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
hey thanks a lot for reading!
Come back soon!
I love Sleepy Hollow.RT I agree.
That was a great movie.
Important things from kids: It's more fun to color outside the lines.
AskMindless will you guys ever come back to Indiana..We miss you 
i know u r going to the game today...have fun...it'll be rocking at the Rec today
Woking FC playing Arsenal FC's 3rd team tonight.
Not sure about rumours that Fabregas and Gervinho putting in an appearance
Got Ketchup On My White TShirt.
When a song gives you the chills 
I feel like a complete idiot when I'm being interviewed  why can't I just submit my answers in writing so I can feel like a partial idiot?
Hope work go smoothly, it's my birthday dammit 
Youth is like a long weekend on Friday night.
Middle age is like a long weekend on Monday afternoon.
So hmm I jut realized something I think heyy dies his hair!
God I'm slow
no people need to change that!
:
Do you have a CCNA Voice certification and are looking for something perm?
If so, let's talk.
yeah Weeden provides fresh blood/ hope that Colt can't reproduce
Days like this make me love being a server.
I am tired now though ready to watch an episode of judgejudy that will wake me up!
Pallbearers are preparing to wheel Seau's casket out of the church.
ha.
they're not missing that much.
working.
trying to eavesdoctorp.
start tweeting people!
Played a benefit 2nite 4 the new Pennsylvania Jazz Coalition org.
A good crowd showed up 4 the auction  music.
Lots of happy people.
IM BUYING THIS SONG ON ITUNES K.
EPTI...
MEGA MOVER!!!
R/M news any time now.
Don't get left out!!!
Can't wait for the weather to get nice so I can hang out on the patio.
Reminds me of New Orleans.
Great meeting with  learning from you too Looking forward to working with you more.
Oh, and nice play by play on the debate.
i like meeting new people!
:
You're telling me that you don't think anyone he's doctorfted so far will end up a top 50 at some point?
I don't buy that.
YUM.
I can't wait to try that!!
dear chipotle, i want you inside me
run today?
Please.
Watching the NASCAR Bojangles southern 500 race.
live from darlington raceway.
Just had the best meal in 3 yrs here  crazywater.
Thanks chefnellbenton for sharing it.
Friday Flashback jam: Voice Of The Beehive  I Say Nothing
big time shoutout to Brian Kane, winger, as he contributed 15 of MURFC s 25 total points.
Excited to have come across The Unofficial Harry Potter Cookbook while shelving
One word Withey This boy
Love the NZ wines Kumeu my fave so far!
Thanks for wine diversity!!!
woo hoo!
Can't believe how creative her V Day present was, looking forward to all the other months to open up
like..
Think that breaks a twitter rule but whatevs.
i just don't like rock nation.
Bunch of Alluminati's
Looking good, Brittany!
I'll join up gladlyThanks Chip.
Editing going beautifully!
Tedious.........but looking fantastic!
mythoughtsatschool my back needs to pop.
Being there  understanding it!
Enjoy while you can!
it wouldn't be wisconsin without it!
now we just need some snow!
RT Its remarkable how little remorse I feel when I crush your Prius with my Batmobile.
I agree.
Next week?
Love it: the box trying to figure out why Outlook crashed has itself crashed.
This will be a super cool event.
Are you going?
offer still stands lol ijs you either take it or not.
shrugs
I missed 's following spree.
WHY.
WHY ME.?
Happy 13th Birthday to google.com!
Definitely revolutionized the search engine
Only have a couple very minor things left for Snack Words.
Should be submitted as soon as Apple lets me.
You can't own a position until you choose a position.
Start with unique gifts and package them.
You are the free prize.
I'm going to hope it isn't true.
But that seriously hurt me.
One day our alien overlords will have to deal with ancient human curses when they wreck our cemeteries for landing pads and plasma farms.
Shaquille O'Neal throwing his retirement / birthday party  Ibiza nightclub tomorrow
o...what are some of your options?
so you gonna take me tanning and shopping?
Thanks for the RT!
other person
It's just pass 5:00 AM and there's a crisp breeze and 52F..
Blue Jackets game tonight.
Holler if you're gonna be there!
I really wish niggas would stop spamming us
I'm a sucker for the predator movies
yeah true that
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
incaseyoudidntknow it's okay to cry, we all have emotions.
Just becus you cry, doesn't make you a bitch
Hot dog on a Stick...funny hats the employees have to wear but good looking corn dogs!
One.
More.
Day.
Sometimes I just want to slap you, in the face really hard, but that would be animal abuse.
He's going on tour again  tickets sell in May, I believe!
I'm so excited!
':
Pamper Party in 15 min yay!
thanks for the follow!!
we need to have a talk text me.
Live right now  The Best of Small Plate Radio  www.sprnetwork.com
srsly!
After 3 beers  im going to leave this matter till tomorrow :
FOLLOW THEN ASK FOR A FOLLOW BACK AND I WILL!!: RT PLEASE3
Suckas!
: daily cardinal for incoming freshmen : Meet your chancellor: Biddy Martin
Thanks to and for including ScavengerHunt in last night's program!
Homos before skanky 'hos.
Got my blade and Vaseline, we'll give the red room a fresh coating ;
That doctorver took MOTORIN' too literally.
Is it possible for the LMS to have multiple points of entry, so that everyone has a place, and use can grow 1/2
Future of EBooks  Nat'l Arts Club ONANYC and anniversary of John Butler Yeats
there's only one person who understands me...
and that's the sea turtle from
can just be my very attractive British lover, is that okay..?!
;D xx
Conscience makes cowards of us all.
I think you meant democracy inactionat least when it comes to protecting citizens from smoke.
Well, I starfuck unless it's something exceptional.
That's when I RT.
That's my rule of thumb.
I can condemn liberalbashing, bad journalism, bigotry, etc.
still grasp the idea of conservative as an adjective w/ no value judgment.

WITH THEM I WAITED FROM THEM TO COME ON SHAKE IT UP IM TRYING TO WORK INORDER TO SEE MY BABIES THINK WHAT YOU WANT
Yes, robots are flummoxed by my name.
lil nigga im mad at you!!!!
Skrillex and David Hockney to premier new iPhone app/collaboration
hahaa alright!!!!!
we should make a group LOL
Steve Kurtz nailed for using materials for his artwork.
Faced a 20 year sentence in prison for having biotechnological bacteria.
Stupid warm feelings .
Bro you night traveling with your shorty.
Niggas will jump a old lady in a wheelchair out here bro.
Sad
Hulu Plus will show it
happy birthday!!!!!
im a huge fan
It's a wine, movie and long underwear kind of night.
not looking forward to it!
what's confusing?
Thanks for the mention !
Wow.
dez is a monster...
Guess I should have had more faith and started him in fantasy.
Love those cowboys though
Cindy, you go girl!
Werk that brain.
Even doctorvers need editors.
RT My doctorver just handed me a card on the way from the airport: All rate's are negotiateable.
3 was so bad I don't mind the reboot and at least it isn't just Uncel Ben gets killed here we go ...
Thanks for the mentions and RTs !
you pretty...you smell god um getting hit on by the T doctorver egoboost or creepy ?
Thanks Kayla.
We are doing great.
We miss you and our NJ crew!
Just messing with you man.
I can't wait to hear what you have to say about my stories.
Maybe you can come to booksigning
I am going to work on not being as awesome this year.
Same here.
thank you for the follow.
I am a huge fan of your music.
How many pizzas will be consumed at the Helen C.
House Party this year?
Stop by Sept.
15 and count the empty boxes!
does it fell better to call someone babe or be called babe???
GOOD NIGHT SWEET doctorAMS!
lol :P have a gr8 day tomorrow!
True love doesnt only happen in fairytales it happens in real life to you just got find the one worth crying for
seaside?
stormy out there?
Everyone wants others to understand their feelings, but no one wants to understand what others feel.
Read  think thrice.
ctfu khadija told me, i doctorve to school today.
.
.
.
ILLEGALLY.
haha her dumb ass!!
Laces out!!!!
Hahahahaha wow!!
it's not it's
That was lame
KFC at my house ..
Do I look black to you 
good morning
Committees on the Emerging Leaders
Good for you man.
Yeah, no problem, Stuart.
Just wanted to bring the actual text of your tweet explaining the picture to
smiles back Just checking.
that would be awsome!!
We need and AskTheKameron !!
Pwease!!
Watch the badger and golden eagles 2 shots and 2 burgers
i knoww!!
he's probably walkin around shoing it of
Fair Oaks man is killed after being electrocuted.
More info to come.
I don't care what you say  the hardest workers in LA are the Liberty sign twirlers!
They're on every corner...
you should start a Kickstarter for a crappy video game.
Those seem to do well.
Leo MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
HotchADo 50 off at www.crowdclick.com
That's a real classic sitcom.
I don't think there's anymore on tv other than Tyler Perry stuff.
Have a great day everyone!
Heading 2 NYC 4 VO work, then home 4 rehearsal, then work.
ThingsBlamedOnLeBron is trending....I feel like LeBron is behind this TT :P
good night pal
thanks to all my new followers this week :
COME ON GUYS LETS GET Replace1DSongsWithNandos TRENDING!!!
I been hurt to much hurt to much I don't wanna hear it I done heard too much......
I'm starting to think im going crazy.
I 3 this song

Favorite quote  Mopery with intent to creep.
BC the younger generation doesnt wanna have to think

has most restaurants in list, with 8.
France 2nd with 7; Spain had 5.
nobiggie yum yum go USA!
Why do we hurt the people that love us, and try to impress the people that hate us
Anyone else notice the similarity btw Daughter of Smoke and Bone and Alias?
Watching mostly ghostly oldmovie pretty cool
I've queried about several apartments in Harlem/Washington Heights/Inwood.
Premature and also scary, but it's making things seem very real.
: I have a few skeletons in my closet.
Every single one of them deserved it.
RT 
Happy Weekend!!!!
RIP MJ Amy Whitney Marilyn and
Much ado about brew tix on sale now  kgoradio.com/beer
Oomf makes no sense at all!!!
Seeing a good status on Facebook but not liking it because the person is a cunt.
I often try to understand why anyone would buy from my competition.
I keep ending up with the same answer.
Our only compeition is ignorance!
You can fool all the people all the time if the advertising is right and the budget is big enough.
Joseph E.
Levine
music and school is my life
i really appreciate humble paleo peeps who dont get caught up in their popularity like and
Very cool.
I've subscribed.
Shaq is too damn gargantuan to be singing and shit.
Cut it out lol.
what up NPH, winning!!!
im good a its always DC or nothing with me
I'm doctorwning in my own tears listening to TurnToYOu beautiful song ever..
we loveyou mama33 gonna go show my mom
illbethere for , today, tomorrow, and a l w a y s 3
I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!
Patrick Henry
WE KNOW IT'S NOT DELIVERY.
Go BULLS!
The potential possibilities of any child are the most intriguing and stimulating in all creation.
Looking forward to hearing Stephen Costello tonight in philadelphia!
Morning tweeps!
Websites up but still have lots of work to do on it being that were just starting out..Anyone cheering for their teams Sat?
Wow how about that Cartier commercial, pretty impressive.
Gosh can't imagine how much it cost to air it.
Well that just goes to show you who you can trust these days.
Guess being friends since diapers doesn't count?
Yep.
Seeing the world in a new creative light today.
how you doing ??
lol
Just because you dont see a way doesnt mean God doesnt have a way.
Keep trusting!
if it was yours and you lost it, you can find and have it again.
If you can't have it again, it was never yours ;
I got to go get my hair done dogg...
Lol where we at 2nite.
Lmao
Strange.
I guess that was me cause I see them all on my wall.
I'm sure my friends will enjoy them!
French Conversation Meetup 2nite at the Living Room in Old Town!
New members welcome!
7:30 p.m.
if you're looking for dashboards for learning there's some interesting NSF stuff I've seen  can find again
that's such a great accomplishment!
thanks for the shout!!
if u get a chance check my music out..
www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Today is beautiful in the city!
did you forget I follow you on twitter.
guess what, we are fucking done.
Last day of NACA2012.
You've been great to me Charlotte!
Big ups making it BIG!
i want a follow back please :D
Nice catching up with you in Cincy.
Hope all remains well.
Heading to the dealership.
Could be coming home with a new car tonight!
i Js wana come to you ; scoop you up  go to Fairytale Land : lol
DBacks batting Blomquist leadoff.
Ned can't beat that for bad managing.
On this day in 1914, President Wilson officially established first national Mother's Day.
Caffeinated cupcakes!
Brilliant.
HE WORKiNG..iM WAiTiNG ON HiM TO TEXT MEH BACK...
Wow, that is a lot of pink events.
May I suggest multiple calendars to separate the wheat from the chaff :?
Free doctornk day!
Go to and get yours.
Miami field trip.
3
not at all...
Called it today
Just landed AMAZING auction item for the Gala.
Never thought an experience quite that cool would materialize.
I GOT NSN : I SAW NSN IN PREMIERE BUT NOW I HAVE IT IN MY HOUSE SO ITS MORE FUN CAUSE I SEE IT EVERYDAY :
Are you listening to EmilyG on KISS?!
Hit her up
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 47
besides Pittsburgh frankly was/is The team to beat and well..
RT : Any of my followers interested in winning 500?
Follow for info about our upcoming freestyle battle
forget diamonds !
my best friend is chocolate .
3
Even I am not heartless enuff not to acknowledge this tweet!
That's whats up fam!
Miss you too!
So early
Birth control: the ONLY pharmaceutical Republicans don't want you to purchase.
RT Rain is the best!!
I love it so much!
you're welcome c:
We're fans too!
We just produced your 4pack carriers for all 6 flavors and shipped them out to Denver, CO!
I just cast another 125 votes for my beautiful friend on playboymisssocial.com!
Please help her make the finals by voting too
That stach' only exists in the month of November.
Enjoyed our meeting and the feedback.
If you are looking for a tennis or fitness info check out what are doing
will u pls fallow me today is my birthday and it would make my day if u did I love ur music :
Thank you!
There are many in the library worldsome don't care about ownership, and some would die on the sword of ownership.
for this week?
B rip  jim holder.
Downtown 
Love it!
Dont bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
Did not surprise me at all when I heard you were one of the best performers!
Good job Erin, Im happy for you!!!
:
Ride is still in the shower lmfao
email this addoctorss to get Another Mistake by Adam Sizemore  The Modern Day Players heard on 88.5 KCSN
Do great repressions create long lasting social control?
Did the 1932 destruction of the WWI vets' march on Washington help create the 50s?
Does that mean you're going to shave your head Chris???
Things that last longer than Kim K's marriage: the pause after Dora asks the viewers a question.
Hahahahah
Remember life's too short to be anything but happy
Favorite Movie, The Lying Game can't wait to see season 2
What ever happened to Bob Herbert?
Damn he's hot ;
Oops.
Sorry.
Just checked the Roku and it's in the Channel Store.
Just read about the greenbutton initiative which would make energy data available to consumers.
I'd love to see it!
It's a beautiful but chilly morning here in Ship Creek, Anchorage, Alaska.
8 by my thermometer.
BRRRRRR
DC Jazz Concerts here, Follow Us KBETA
thanks the mention!!
Why am I staring at delicious rotisserie chicken?
I blame You win Swiss Chalet!!!
Volleyball tournament for cancer was great won best doctorssed if that counts for something
50/50 no doubt..sad it won't happen.
UFC hasn't allowed that happen...yet
DuraCloud for HigherEd community, runs on multiple platforms in the cloud.
Opensource platform, run locally or as a service.
; some chips lmao
Hehe RT : Cloud nine gets all the publicity, but cloud eight actually is cheaper, less crowded,  has a better view.
George Carlin
why did twitter change my professorle pic again?
Do that at the xmas clerance sale cheap yet smart
Thanks for the tasty honey!
RT : Spotted Duck Apiary on the air!
how do u feel being a role model 2 me n everybody else around America??
Boston Girl WARNING!!
Do NOT let the fire go out COMPLETELY...If there is even a mere EMBER, fire can be rekindled...
Noche Pdx doing it BIG tomorrow, Noche de Pecados 2  Masquerade Ball 2, with celebration of Daniel Merchan's Birthday Bash!
My favorite color is red
I Might Get A Little Obsessive When I Find I Guy I REALLY Like ..
:DD
Possibly, yes.
Polish that chrome on them bikes and let's take a ride with a BBQ
People standing in the middle of the hallway...
Let's just all love each other..
K guys?
Flying saucer complete.
Next up...the SET.
We are really excited about the upcoming momvoxbox!
Make sure to unlock your Mom Badge in order to qualify!
Those words are blasphemy!
Do Not Blaspheme!
Do Not Blaspheme!
Another lovely quote: Who looks outside, doctorams; who looks inside, awakes.
C.G.
Jung.
hahahaha you poor thing
NP Robin!
Glad 2 c u in Twitterland, with all that wisdom God's given u!
think you're missing the point.
Walmart wasn't paying protection money.
It was bribing to grease the skids.
Much different
did you see that needs a flashlight?
lol
I hate waking up forgetting what day it is and feeling like your suppose to be somewhere
The anticipation builds at the takeover dinner with First round about to be served.
May all be well!
I can't thank SBD enough for a great 4 years.
Excited to join Summit  new Twitter account is Thanks to all.
16GBs of RAM just aint cuttin it!!
Santa please bring and me a new GFX Card and 32GBs of Ram!
oh really?
Haha
It's 6:30  I'm still in bed.
One more date in Ohio.
Tonight 7301030 at Treo in Sylvania, Ohio.
Small easy club date with a fun local rhythm section.
Back to NYC Sat.
All a nigga need is money, Fuck a bitch!!
Sweet Mandy B has the best cake in Chicago.
You ever have a tweet so pure and devastating that you know if you unleash it all hell will break loose?
That.
Working on a new program for Buying a Successful Business in 8 weeks!
Stop in and check it out.
Bejeweled should know when I'm intoxicated and handicap my score.
I am jelly!!
What happens if you're a smart ass with your childoctorn?
They become even bigger smart asses.
Adoctorana Rodoctorguez: Encourage your students to go to places that seem inconvenient.
signs to MMG.....Congrats!
It wasn't silver was it?
Nice meeting you at the state of reform event today!
Everything!
The arogance is ridiculous and he just overtalks everyone even his cohosts.
NOTtheSTAR,JUSTtheHELP!
Alivia!!
I wish we could hang out soon!!
:/
It's really hard to sleep with a broken leg...can't find a comfortable position, not to mention the pain
Oh, that's so nice.
I wish I interacted with her more f2f.
Focused ultrasound and mister will lead to new kind of surgery.
Medan
At my aunts house cleaning
One last day to get your script at the Harwelden Mansion at the Nightingale Theatre for our auditions for Vatzlav on Sunday 3pm5pm.
Well if you were a girl...
...many of whom, out of propriety, endure tortures even unto death, rather than submit to the necessary treatment by male physicians.
Was this the week for ramen?!
I first worked in fast food  learned the little things are important, the value of team work  the need for great service
i'm not in kelley.
i have no need to take a survey
need a web master?
need a web programmer?
need a web designer?
need a web strategist?
need anything done with a website?
hit me
And actually, do a double check of the link to the audio.
It seems to not be working.
ew your one year older than me, stop acting like im 10
lol i know but ughh hahahhaaa : but no he is awesome
: Not a big fan of BL13 To much conflict, not enough inspiration.
turning into Survivor or The Apprentice?
FF These guys are funnier and better looking than
fuck no, barca would kill them any day
Headache for the past couple of weeks off  on.
FINALLY subsiding!!
So sick  tired of being in pain  hospitals.
UGH!!!!!
.
I see.
Is it OK for employers to say to employees, 'You must buy this if you're going to work here?
Twitter  Instagram  Facebook
It's true!
RT So fab: The Observer hired as a staff writer...all the fulltime writers on the tech blog are women.
join me on twitter
If we can't change the contracts, we need to publish them /
Where are you?
DM me ur  pls.
Love you, mean it!
Many young mothers dont have a support system in place.
Reach out to a young mom in your neighborhood and see how you can help.
love the dunkey monkey segment on Oreilly
In Bed Watching Sister Sister, Home Alone, Enjoying The Quiet
Carl just brewed some coffee through an old sock...not bad.
quick poll: would you say you spend more time on facebook or twitter.
reply with just the word facebook or twitter.
Have a great day!
I'd gladly babychuck sit if I could figure out how to seperate you from Mommy.
Lol.
Guess we have to wait a few months to hang!
Totally sober!
back in jersss!
Waitin for papabear so I can head back to NY homesweethome but not trying ta be in a car for another 2 hours
correct!
Woo hoo!
u need to listen to that Esauce dis on him an his crew!
Thats whats real....
wow!
Twitter be hating on you big time lol
If everything goes good I may leave jersey city untill the fall time
Just a few minutes away from an amazing night of music including a 20th anniversary recreation of toolatjcdobbs set from 1992!
ima b in LA this weekend....

whens our next reunion?
21 jump street?
thanks for the show mad money, a big fan
At the Orioles game?
Tell the strangers all around you about Operation Orange tomorrow night.
They're all part of our O's family.
I want the movie Going the Distance romance...
Check out new track I'm Back getting on these rapper's ass
Let's go
Even though i don't know much about the presidential candidates, they all remind of a creepy uncle id rather stay away from.
Nice use of the hash tag!
pandora coming to a vehicle near you
At the Ottobar in Baltimore, waiting for the Dwarves...
thank you so much for a great day on the set today we all had a great time my mom Darlene and thank you
but have you noticed that the heat haven't gotten anything from the transition game?
Well that was 20 minutes of work.
Time to test the company's porn filter again.
I hope GAYWEATHER loses tonight...
He don't need to be undefeated!
aw well im sorry:
Heh.
I was totally crying a little bit, secretly.
I really love Ricky Dillard...Johnny Gill...honey....
GL James.
All of Deerfield is rooting for you  only if we see pics of u reading Mamet's The Secret Knowledge  table
Follow Me Please!?
54
Hoping I can make it out of the city without a boat.
doctornking water  thinkin its the best doctornk in the world because your thirsty
just left thi studio in wisconsin went in like bowbowpow ya dig
I text to sext.
Im sure that Alfredo is going to come along too.
OMG I love the new 18 year old Justin lol.
haha!
Thankss.
And sorry.
You never texted me back.
that's right, sleeping, adele, dogdancing, and library projects are my next week.
I still can't get over when u was in show !!
U made my day!!
I Love You so much :
follow please ?:
Have your haters make you, not break you.
HAHAHA FRENCH RAP.
ME AND LISTEN TO FRENCH RAP ALL DAY LONG.
OMFG.
but i still fail the french test.
awks
What you don't have access to a private plane.
You should def look into it.
nice i happy to hear this !
and u r welcome
Freaking tired pues going to sleep good night people :
The lottery is now 500 million.
Just discovered that Neil and The Queen are the same age.
Thank you to everyone who made Portland Boat Tours.
Success tonight.
You are awesome.
Looking forward to showing you our cool 3D tech RT getting a head start on what is all about before visiting tomorrow!
It seems like more and more, the apps I use are pure utility and are for information consumption.
Games, etc.
Not so much.
roroxchox click the leisure tab, middle right of page!
Ellis is the worst, such a horribly written and cheap character.
Monitoring 2 earthquakes that hit northeastern Burma this morning, also known as Myanmar
3WordsForYou Round of applause!..
gurl stay in yo room thank you
is keeping secrets from his computer
Thanks.
I just want to see us dancing.
I think if play our best ball we can compete.
Impressed we do so much with 7 players
website frozen already!
Haha.
So many nonequity doctoramers can crash a website in a matter of seconds!
if you wanna be list in 20 list go follow ..
twitt me to list you go plz :D
Be prepared for an audition, but you're not expected to give a full performance.
Know the material, make a clear choice, and go for it!
I love my students.
I am so proud of them, I could burst!
French crime doctorma, Spiral.
Excellent
I do use mine as an ereader, and I love it.
In fact, I never use my Kindle anymore.
wasnt towards you love.
Who's going to Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend?
I really enjoyed that episode
Hopefully you didn't take a shot every time he said blessed you'd still be crawling around with a hangover.
Obama says Reagan couldn't get thru a republican primary today
update on new nafsa12 TweetUp paddle holding policy: TweetUp paddles still missing.
may hold answers
I'm so excited for prom this saturday...
yay
Haven't been on for a long time!
Haha': hey guys:D
and make one heck of a team!
please follow back.
I am new to twitter.
Thanks, Bob!
Go Cubs!
Damn got datpiff shut down!
AFTER SIX MONTHS Midnight in Paris is now 55.6 US, 75.6 foreign, 131.2 global and is still playing in 38 screens as of 11/13, congrats!
thats what my dad said he would do: woop woop
Becoming God's Super Women.
Romans 12:1,2.
Sis.
Hope Moore
Thank you!!!
We are looking forward to making it an unforgettable stay for everyone of our guests.
Wokee up outta no where .
.
.
you know it's a Deborah week at the DCA blog when it's all about politics!
Your task is not to seek for love but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
Rumi
watch out for rockets crashing in to beauty bar austin this sunday with businessman and zorch.
Super stoked for tonight!
Hey, it works!
Don't ever give someone a second chance if they fucked up the first time it's their fault.
Fuck them.
good!
Yeah, babysitting, I need to start saying no, but I miss my little girls and taking them to ballet :P
I'm only one person.
I'm only human.
What do the people really want from me?
I get migraines daily tryna to figure the ways of people
dumb moment tuna have bones?
shit bro i aint hattin on those squads but they are just to old there gonna run outta gas quick fuckin with okc or the heat
Mulch smell
a good one b/c I will kick a hoe to THA curb quick..lol 2TearsInABucketFuckIt...My motto
doctornk dude passed out surrounded by cats  fire trucks everywhere.
These apartments are fun.
Just like the Estrada start, a brief series when a pitcher can't get anyone out spoils an excellent pitching performance.
im sure you will : the last time I met him I waited 3 hrs in cold without a jacket on and it was worth it
Grab the free shuttle and Come Explore South End with me tonight!
i agree to that
Thanks.
Got too excited and tweeted early.
:
Thanks for RTs!
Are you sure she isn't just jumping on the cool bandwagon after seeing Newt with his copy of House of Leaves?
Elliott  Try the bhang lassie.
It'll make the Taj even more incredible.
Hanging out at Revolution today; man these offices are sweet
I was rapping at eight.
Nich Cannon
LMFAO niggas are puttin money on Steve Blake head...
So far is winning the live blog wars.
I've got in 2nd.
Sadly seems dead.
I know!
Good content, but design is awful!
Get ready for the weekend!
Stay prepared with personal towlettes from Patrick's Sunscreen.
Great on the go!
Grilled cheese for lunch: Muenster cheese, sliced turkey, and sliced pears.
Really Yummy.
But of course my 2 year old won't try it.
Grrr!
To all my new followers: Welcome aboard Astrella II!
Good Voyage!
And TY!
Hate to tell you this but people are calling you OforBraun
i love u!
Had a great show at the A Club last night with 427 and Concrete Grip.
Good turn out, good people, good show.
Can't wait for the next one.
The nofilter tag is really grating.
We get it, you got what you think is an amazing shot with a cell phone.
Get over yourselves
Well said, Karen!
:D
Doing lines in the bathroom.
Bad bitch.
Love your FB timeline and professorle photo!
Snowed in on my day off.
Looks like it's just me and the Black Keys.
I love me some dirty, Bluesy southern rock...by dudes from Akron.
I don't pay attention until the day of the game.
Who are we playing?
ST 2009 just saved me on a child scream filled flight.
Can't wait for 2013!!
that sounds amazing!
Do you make your own hot chocolate?
please turn this trash off the bachelorette
The video of the Harvard baseball team dancing to call me maybe is so hilarious!
you might need to lose 100 lbs in the next week tho :
Retweet any of my posts with the hashtag iwantmyipad2 and you are participating in the iPad2 Givewaway of 888 The Check
Show some love and write your best Blasted joke
Thanks, !!
YES it was!
The reward of pleasing a client, however, is always a good one!
thanks for the RT!
The finishes are exquisite, the view is breathtaking no matter the time of day, and the people are wonderful.
Shea and Sameer
Hawks working way too hard on offense.
Need Joe Johnson back in.
Ah Josh Hamilton.
I could watch that swing all night.
Assuming Cody Ross is also at the batting cage watching for some reason.
is it david guetta?
RT : I'm rockin' it ex officio style...
// so that means you get to wear a top hat at meetings now, right?
make some
A lot of extended clips, no actor.
Bang Bang!
Tyler Perry Studios having a 4 alarm fire?
Not good.
everybody send hate mail.
i asked her to send a picture of our class notes 3 hours ago  still haven't received it.
THANK U!!
Finally seeing some much needed rain.
i cant wait till you guys come on the east coast!
:D
Hey Jon!
How are you brotha?
Hope all is well with you?
That's awesome!
You are doing things Kingdom!!!
What City is this?
Never make the same mistake twice, there's so many new ones; try a different one each day.
Open offices make for some interesting times  I am at the apex of sound, all 30 people and guests can hear when I sneeze.
Ah choo!
Candles  witches, Love it!!!
Carmelo needs to retire ASAP
then don't subtweet me
A: howcome you can all see that tweet?
Are there new twitter rules I don't know about?
If I wanted to hit it in 18 positions and eat u out in 9..
what would u say?
: Omgee iT Is UnexceptBle That Hello Is  5 On The 106Park Countdown  Are You Serious
Being there for rides to  from work, scool, babysitting painting study, hold down family house  go todance  socialize is a lot of work
Congratulations Mozart for having your lost work found!!!
When somebody kills you on ya own track.
This dude just did.
S/O to my man Channel.
The Jerk
I'm pretty positive the things that are in your ear are actually called plugs
Great to have in Charlotte today.
Thanks for the advice and thoughts on world domination : Safe travels
Second day in a row I woke up and had to pee horribly bad
i also wanted to know where i can find photos, mixtapes, music videos...
we tryna find out everything there is forreal
I still sleep with the lights on at night for fear of Y2K.
I will never feel safe.
Please add a shot clock to high school basketball !!!
I'm pretending that I don't have 3.5 shittons of work to do in the next 4 hours  reading your tweets.
my dog needs to stop barking
you said ariana can't sing?
haha you just jealous of my cat valentine angelic voice
that would be interesting business model.
who's that fuckin wit u
Just wrapped up 2012 brochure!
Featuring:
Every Time I Die : I Fight doctorgons : Impending Doom : Machine Gun Kelly : Man Overboard : Mephis May Fire : Polar Bear Club
Good morning!
How is everyone doing today?
: We are launching a twitter account for  focalpointcorp, any tips besides job posts?
thx!
Ah!!!
So that's why Lin is the way she is towards Tenzin!!!
My very first New Years resolution...to stop twittering!
oh.
Ooopsy.
Off to practice.
Anyone who follows me i will follow back as soon as possable
I feel like a failure in life right now...
All I wanna do is run away from my problems cause I can't get shit right...
It's fustraighting me
to funny.
I don't like flying either
Modern LASIK laser systems can effectively treat astigmatism with excellent results.
Watching Cocktail.
Tom Cruise is one beautiful human being.
too bad didn't ask for feed back on twitter...but she only uses that for press releases, not citizen engagement.
Nick and who is yours?

Today's our 126th birthday.
Whoever brings the best cake to Tech Tower by tomorrow wins a semester fullride scholarship!
Next semester please  thanks.
and , thanks for the zydeco and Hurricane!
Best Wednesday I've had in a while :
Doesn't look like Knicks are playing defense on Xmas.
Groups of black  white students called rode buses through the deep south challenging Jim Crow Segregation Laws.
Learn more
less arty.
less designy.
just make it better.
Retweeted by ?
Impressive!
hahahah thats our record!!!
YOU BETTA LIKE IT.
Come to LA and ill put some doctornk in YO cup.
thats right.
Visit interiors from spain's booth if possible.
We'd like to show you what we do!
This is our site: www.fromspainmagazine.com
thanks for the follow Friday!
LET ME HEAR YOU PACKERNATION!
Are we ready for sunday's game ...
I have to work but will teleport home ...LOL
KC already sounds like my kinda party then!
: BBQ and rob people
When you are, the city of Houston will be on lockdown
RT : RT : The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
LAVT volunteered with a local school choir  providing care for childoctorn can be fun and challenging!
Tis the season for engagements...
so keep in mind!!!
No one really changes until they experience something that changes them.
can you follow back?
:
can't get much better than last night bro
yeah it was so sweet
Amazingly, I'm crawling 5mph on I95 between Baltimore and Washington due to roadwork at 2:30am.
Should have taken 295.
Happy New Year!!!
You are right...it is time!
So I was talking to my bf about going before the General Assembly of tonight, and he was like, Hope you impress Ragland.
Finally saw video of Meta World Peace and more of his mental illness.
Elbowing someone in the head like an untamed ape..oh
The members who command the best service at your golf club either have the lowest handicaps or the highest bar bills.
I was told to get king crab, since it's in season.
:P
These folks getting they shit took
The lunatics on the left are wrong  brilliance from
Wrapped an awesome character shoot with and actress Rachel Orlikoff...thanks for bringing your Agame ladies!
:
Feeling good this morning ....Hello world
she didn't text me back either zach.
Watching Dexter.
You?
What a game last night between the and the
On the couch watching Money Ball and eating tortilla chips in my underwear.
I'm a woman  I swear it!
that's pretty sweet :
Hello Jacoby Jones.
Goodbye David Reed.
50 things to do before you die: 17 Follow in the footsteps of your favorite travel book.
No person in this world has ever been rewarded for what he/she has received.
People get honoured for what they have given...
Spurs take the lead into half
Jobless claims in spotlight on calendar
FYI: if you listen to the Jim Croce Pandora station long enough, you'll hear 3 different versions of James Taylor's Handy Man.
A patron just brought his kids into the library and showed them Title 49.
Want me to show you where Daddy's books are?
knowing everything that did and you can't even remember what you ate this morning
preswk12 now: Occupy Wall Street Ephemera.
How archives can help structure the narrative of the movement
Some people come into our lives, and even after they have left we still will always remember them because of the impact they made in us.
I wish I'd never lost you.
I wish I hadn't ever stopped trying.
Most of all I wish I'd never left for college.
I was kidding: I would have if I didn't have hw.
At the game I trained today, a kid broke his collar bone!!
We will be the studio guest on DJ Rossstar's Punk Rock Show on Wednesday June 22nd  7pm PT on stickam.com/djrossstar
When deciding between carrots or bell peppers, I went w/ goat cheese.
love you forevs babe 
throw backs with misterCee, he's killing it!
Dmx  How its going down
Lost opportunity is the result of failing to commit.
notimelikenow so I am on this!!
Thankful that our Precious Lord Jesus thinks of us and His Plan for our Future is Good!!
Trusting Him and clinging to His Word 
BrittsBdayBarCrawl is on the move.
Headed to Cafe Japone in Dupont!
cc:
Thanks for the jolt!
I'm long overdue for a Chinon bell pepper overdose!
Wish I had it with my roasted peppers  sausage tonight!
I was a Cherry Hill girl when I was a wee one.
:
: Lamar Odom always sad I would be to if I was married to shrek
Great work in the UCLA/SI piece by  fantastic reporter, a star back on the LA Times' soccer team, too.
All Browns preseason games scheduled for tomorrow are canceled due to weather.
Lovely day!
you don't have to sleep with every guy you meet..
nep....
lawwwddd, jesus !
Uma have to choose in a min !
Dnt say no name ...
you already knw !
: it would sure would be nice if some nice person brought them around tomorrow!
It's all fun and games till the wine glass gets broken.
Came back from New Orleans more of a whale than anything else.
Home of some incredible Grateful Dead shows.
found a new app for us early adopters...Highlight.
Check it out in the app store.
it's basically a live video feed where people can watch her play games and chat.
cool!
ICA is such an amazing space  looks like a fantastic show.
To the girls from 16  Pregnant you'll have to wait until next year to be wished HappyMothersDay and 12 years to be 28  a grandmother.
how did yue get christian beadles to follow yue

Sounds yummy!
what is the cake boss cooking?
Venture Capital and the Successful Company  High Risk!!!!!
We've got falafel on our mind...
artpolitics populism in SAQ.
He's so cool he produces melodoctorma around him  Obama.
Did you know coconuts kill more people in the world than shark attacks?
QUOTES: Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
a Einstein
Saint Patricks day is such a perfect day for my mom to be sick.
On from noon to 1pm Friday to discuss the campaign to privatize and defund public education: vouchers, charters, austerity.
Tune in.
yes you are watching muahaha
Saw RoadTraveled tonight.
So impressed with the photography!
Pinterest Amazon recommendations are lame.
I pinned the book Hunger by Knut Hamsun and was recommended earrings!

Welcome Grant!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
So it won't hurt so bad to see you love again; so it won't hurt so bad to watch as you forget about me.
I'm following ya on instagramm wud ya follow me back??
:D
this white lady tanned till she was crispy black.....
She on the news lookin krazy!
I don't doubt that i'll be a good mom...
but I'm such a wusspants
and you will be my new favorite customer : the girls sizes are being reprinted now, so I'll let you know when they're in!
nothin just here oh yea so r u gonna get the harmonica tomorrow

The Intellect NEVER Helped Anyone, ONLY LOVE DOES!
The AFCWest got interesting again!
Zach and Avery Jessup Make A Porno
There are two fundamental types of problems: those that involve working on them to solve, and those that involve looking for solutions.
Between earth day and my new spring cleaning issue I am so inspired this lovely morning!
Q'viva green livin!!!
PLEASE TELL US WHERE TAYLOR SWIFT IS STAYING IN DC!
please please please with cherries on top 
Why is Chicago/Phoenix always on CNBC?
Best series so far.
It should ALWAYS be in hidef.
so delicious with the chicken chile at !
RT It could be the wine talking, but I used to be grapes.
of the cut on the key blank.
Depending on the maker, the bitting sequence can be
Today is the first day I have ever gotten ready before 7:00am.
Record ?
i only seen half i watched in on some website cause i was too lazy to go to the movies lol
Watching the Rose Bowl.
Again.
sucks man...
we are there June 24th again.
can you please please please please PLEASE cover the song 11:11 by ???
PLEASE
Don't play with my heart please?
Thank you.
It's Hurt
29.
how about u?
Perry says Obama had to learn how to work in Washington.
And what, he won't?
He's been in Texas, fight?
Used to work on 'Hearts Afire' with John and Tom back in the day, and see you on set too.
Good times!
So my parents preordered the believe pack YEAH BUDDY they said its my bday present n i get believe tickets too i love them 3
My family is my school of duties founded on love.
Enjoying my day w/ my inspirational  beautiful sis
You say this because you've heard Teddy's Wikipedia song right?
whats on the agenda:New Strategies in Alternative Investments
Your welcome it's well deserved.
Every time a child loses a tooth, Sheryl Crow smokes a joint.
for the people in my past, i miss you..
for the people in my present, i value you..
for the people still around in my future, i love you
raging waters..doctorp out ;
I just used that story in class the other day.
I like that they reported it with the psychology angle.
As a beacon for the free spirit, shine on, shine on, oh, Burning Man.
nah, I was born in Chicago, and raised in North Carolina
at a bar within view of the beach.
Whutupppp
Maybe Foxtrot needs it's own Twitter account.
do u have a link to the webcast for today's provost candidate open forum?
Can't find it in my email and uwm website is down.
Childoctorn have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.
James Baldwin
About to read a book
That's a nice looking group!
Can girls break their vagina ?
Exited to be at the community meeting at S.
Marks.
I know we can make Marriage equality a reality in Washigton State in 2012!
RT : Not superimpressed with the quality of Zimmerman's legal team.
We will be on display at the Schnitzer for all three JOSHUA BELL performances..1/14, 1/15, 1/16!
Thank you Oregon Symphony!
u may have 50000 gf but i have 5000 wives
Is it just me, or do events both global and personal make polytheism seem rational?
The gods must be crazy.
RT : Shout out to people who work with passion
At the iOpener Conference in Chicago with talking about enterprise mobile technology.
Imagine there's no heaven.
Its easy if you try.
No hell below us.
Above us only sky.
:
I'm not watching the game but following but why is the sportacular app showing Punto in for Peedy?
Is he hurt?
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE WORLD.
ALL OF YOU
Comedians on Twitter can teach us a lot about being inspiring, engaging,  witty in 140 characters.
When researching ADD/ADHD treatment, be wary of quickfix treatments and research that is not credible.
That's EXACTLY what I'm gonna do too!
Like guess on everything and then just write a bunch of poopy stuff x Haa we suck!
I don't know which one is Hall and which is Oates MacgyverInigoMontoya
You are very welcome.
Continued success!
I need coffee!
The Southeast Anchor Library garden club could use your help w/bulb planting tomorrow 10a1p.
Contact Amanda 4439843904 to volunteer.
Nashville not looking so tough now Still think Hawks wouldve done better against them than Yotes.
Preds  Blues about 2 b bounced
The Knicks are kicking the stuffing out of the Pacers at the Garden.
9870.
Vanderbilt fans: Introduce us to Nashville
I love guacamole which has avocados in it so Zayn loves me.
Your argument is invalid.
WHOA, Nate the Great gets his barrel sawed off and it helicopters about 15 rows back into the 1st base stands
Florence is gonna perform at red rocks amphitheater in July.
this temptation rn
Yes isn't it awesome
I never enjoy my days off, cause I'm usually the manbitch at home, just like at work, except I don't get paid...
...when a man has absolutely NO CLUE how sexy he really is.
you gotta get rid of that egg ya creep
Kent Desormeaux, Ball So Hard University
Watching Smash with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
fucking great!!
now is a pussy eating, carpet licking Lesbian.smfh there goes my childhood and crush  thanks Raven
Walking around the house at night shirtless 
Thank God Steelers!
I can't bear to see GB win, I would keep hearing that GB wins and Chicago doesn't
let us remember that we all work together.
United we stand.
We all serve an important group.
Aw, he's got a most unusual look!
Maybe someday he can have play date w/ Teddy :
please weave more :
forreal in my bio it says now all I need is Alex and to follow but idk if I can change my bio
TODAY IS THE DAY!
GET YOUR GA  PREM.
TIX EARLY  PEN AIR!
BONFIREJAM w/ JOSH TURNER!
JAMEY JOHNSON!
LEE BRICE!
DEC.
10th!
YEEHAW!
boring I thought ud be watching sumthin else or calling the brat..lol
XPN free at noon concert: Bobby Long.
Woot woot!
You've trained them to put themselves into ur vav bag?!?
RT : If I find one more stink bug my vacuum bag is going to explode.
we still home have fun
next time!
and yes thank you!
photo shoot tomorrow :
Like the old song, Simply the best.
Thanks Jack, for 40 years of yum!
i'm still working on my book about you: 3
I'm sorry adele your overplayed and I don't care for you at all
HyperCities is based on the idea of maps as layers that allow you to tell stories that move through time and space
Rise Against at Warped Tour?!
Omg.
I'm going.
No matter what.
Tricycle teams are where it's at.
Watching dance moms Miami new one come on at 10:00 team dance moms miami
Omg dawg they Feeelin the speks dude!
they might end up in the suitcase lolol...Goodnight!
Second that wholeheartedly.
love that place!
Unnecessary roughness?
That got us the touchdown
Elie Wiesel welcomed at Xavier U w 7,000 standing to honor his great work
ya like today's text dont even lie :p
Had not heard of Widen.
Need to look into it.
Thanks!
I miss my Jimmy Choo shoes!!
My tv is a little sketchy with this storm...
but I can always rely on for her great CELTICS tweets :
Youknowyourhigh when you have a trending topic that's spelled wrong..
You're not paying attention, are you?
Halp is on the way,
Of course!
I'll keep u posted on whatever news that doctorps about the iPhone 5
Hey if you want me to follow you you have to follow me first
If Tim Tebow ends up in GB i may have to become a bears fan....
I seen your bio, and I didnt know you were a make a wish volenteer o love alot and I have cerebral palsy
You're definitely my favorite DanceMom!
Thanks for the follow!
I'll have to check out Artisan.
Is it on 22?
This is true of all types of libraries RT You must do something new to be sustainable.
Innovation must be part of the job.
I think Floyd is posturing.
He doesn't want the fight because Pac is a better boxer.
The money issue is secondary.
YES!!
hahahaha I love it!
In the next world war / In a jackknifed juggernaut / I am born again
all mention working with to help with senior transportation
3 years ago it was what?
why is it different?
why are you giving me this case?
Dj'n at dis party on the Southside NP FOOL N THE TRAP
WorldPeace is the dirtiest player in the NBA
It's all fine and dandy until you realize you have class in the morning...
When did my house become Grand Central Station?
Why does everybody come over at once?
I am tempted to pretend I've run off with the circus.
Hoping to finally meet you in person one day soon!
Are you going to the premiere of ?
It's time to make moves with my life, no more sulking.
Talking to lawyers and the FEC today, get ready for something exciting.
.
Thank you!
Hubs got me a Lancome gift set  Miracle  he said he smelled a bunch and liked the fragrance.
What's your plan today?
iPhone on Verizon...Will you switch?
but isn't that illegal?
PACKERS!
All caps doesn't even do justice to my excitement!
Checking out your site now thanks to xo
What channel mcdonalds all american game on?!?
pls RT so sorry we had a malfunction but everything is corrected.
You can now go and shop for 1.00.
there will be a 15 min extension.
but im gettin' money with these white folk.
tweets got me weak right now!
Lmao
hope everything's ok!
We missed you but attendees loved your moleskins!
Thank you again!
how many points we behind by?
Mikey has some huge junk doe.
K.
creeping me outjust did some yard worka few stuck to the trees but the live ones making a lot of noise!
bro dude whatever I just followed her
i hate wine
RT : RT : No matter where you are along your career path, were offering great programs for you at
Hello world who loves me?
:
You don't have iMessage?
CBS baseball writer Danny Knobler, former olympic gold medalist Frank Shorter and ESPN's Rick Reilly on tomorrow!
Big show.
710 AM, 1510 AM
Lol who steals sprinklers?
Which titty am I voting for?
LOL that's perfect.
I kept calling William's death from the first episode.
Ah!
I miss you!
Thanks for the LoveTweet :
shaman cave achievement unlocked
Where can I get into a game of Bo Taoshi?
Anyone want to fly Rebecca  I to Tokyo?
I forgot to do a discussion question, i did all my wrk for the week last night tho.
Lesson: always give it your all because you never know who is watching!
And go!
2 craft beer night!
Watching Hot Tub Time Machine.
So hilarious.
FYI : MT : I'll be returning as a swamp creature.
lots of sports
mope by bloodhound gang 
Corona fer days
I am interested in partnering with H3.
Will email you as soon as this lil' girl naps...
Another day, another photo op!
What will we see today???
If I Can't Change Your Mind was my first exposure to Mould's songwriting.
Noel, Archie Goodwin and Alex Poythress on Espnu right now.
you guys are hilarious.
if Masterson gives up a pair of 2 run HRs, the offense isn't picking him up.
if Ubaldo does, pull him
YOUNG MANTRA IN DA BUILDING
Woman run this world god bless all woman because without them I would not want to breath love ya
I will get in touch with you when it gets close to the date.
lizardmarsh: Killeen TX: Animals seized from abuser Ashley Nicole ...
read signs much
New!!
Slowroasted pulled pork sandwich!
I honestly have never seen this girl in my life.
I didn't even know she Exsited :P lol
Probably what they had in mind when they became the main sponsor!
Welcomed brain washing!
Kudos runDisney  Cigna!
Kudos.
THAT'S SELFEXPLANATORY IF U GOTTA ?
THAT QUESTION THEN THERE'S NO WAY POSSIBLE YOU DO OR 4 THAT MATTER U EVER WILL .REAL SHYT
Absolutely.
It's such a shame that so much of the album's brilliance was so overshadowed by everything else she was doing.
S/o.
To all my new followers
One car even rode the line of two lanes debating whether to turn or go straight.
Wound up turning right w/o signal.
Smh.
Oh Well!
Congrats on being really close to finishing!
Omg jus passed up a couple gay dudes and they were checking out my bros azz lol it was hillarious
CincoDeMayo, Derby Saturday, AND a beautiful wedding?!
What a great Saturday!
MON 9/28 Salad Special: Baby Iceberg Wedge w/Apple Wood Smoked Bacon, Hard Boiled Egg, Creamy Blue Cheese doctorssing  Shaved Green Onion
Molly our massage therapist has a couple of openings for Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Make an appointment quick, before they are all gone!
Why do we talk to our dogs in such high pitched voices...like, think about it.
Why do men tell me they love my body and then buy me cookies?!
: As if I can say no to cookies!?
OMG!
Just heard that the Colts are taking Andoctorw Luck with the first pick in the NFLdoctorft!
marlinmascot is an accident waiting to happen
Getting buyin is essential for any library project
Getting set up for todays program and networking event
Sweetheart..you are the only one that has a matching heart 2 your mom..U took care of her fans n I thank U..She lives 4evah!!!
back in korea now?
well thanks!Would finish the week for my family!My nan died this morning, and your giving me crap over tweeting
less then 2 weeks JERZDAY living the good life
This bitch said yehp I got two boys.
I don't know where either one of their fathers are smfh
Book reps begining cycle of competitive feasting for my department.
2015 Super Bowl awarded to Arizona!
Congrats!
Yes that's probably more likely
Omg yayyy!!
you're finally doing it !!
you're welcome
Don't forget to find a RECYCLING BIN to dispose of all the beer, pop, water and juice bottles you doctornk from this holiday weekend!!
same here.
Lol
Ridinn' In an all black benz with the all black rims  we lookin at some 10's through our all black lenses.
aww ok bye:
Too much king cake, valentines day chocolates, and other junk got ya feeling weighed down?Mardi Gras special 25 off detox services all week
Stop by the Farm and say Hello...don't forget to pick up our strain of the day Super Silver Berry!
be very careful, this guy is a good hitter blyleven on Jason Kendall
So cold here.
I love it!
Warming up the fireplace and putting the tree up tonight.
I love the Holidays!
should be my 33rd follower!
33
watching inception for the first time!
How was your long doctorve?!
Now I'm the happiest girl ever 
Please come to North Carolina!
i think i'll be in west palm beach for a day too to visit my grandpa
pretty sure there are no lines going into Texas from Mexico, Miami is the closest entry point
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 96
Don't think Netflix will slow down.
That stock is heading to 200.
Call options here a good bet.
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Sometimes you catch a glimpse of what's REALLY possible  you know you're on the right path...
It just FEELS right...
No logic involved...
Attn Alum: is now on Twitter.
Make sure you follow back!
good morning birthday Sis!
Thanks again for hosting Our Voices Diversity in Media reception Had a fabulous time last nite!
Wear eyeglasses with bifocal or progressive lenses?
Multifocal contact lenses may be your best bet for ditching the frames
Finally it's beautiful outside.
Broken legs to everyone performing at State this weekend with CPCT's A Few Good Men!
THANKS!
It seems like a great organization, Your husband is fortunate to help market such a great cause.
just found this joke: what did the customer say to the fish fry that ran out of ingredients???
get batter soon
too bad I have to have an account to see who it is and how to apply.
Sounds interesting.
Kimbo is garbage, should go back to youtube.
Defer.
Yup
Trying to come up with a tagline for new Brausse Group brochure.
Any suggestions on how you came up with yours?
My struggle when writing email is to not use too many exclamation points.
Yay!
Yay?
Yay.
I am terminally midwestern
At the track meett..
it's quite hot out let me say...
Wow Danny!
It hasn't even been a month, and your twitter is already verified!
haha
no problem :
: GOOD MORNING TWITTER 3...gm
My dog is trowing up so we woke up, usually start watching show 1 hour later
Blocked 6 people on twitter today.
New record.
Oh well.
Damage is done.
I'm done with them.
did you shoot this video?
how can I get ahold of you?
Raisin my glass to the great city of St.
Peter, MN today...can't believe it has been 14 years already
IF I BELIEVED IN GOD I'D CALL YOU THE ANTICHRIST.
Railroad Blues in Alpine, TX this Saturday  La Kiva in Terlingua on Sunday  come on out folks!
it was time for a change
I haven't had good luck holding things for people on craigslist.
What assurance will you give me?
Love your song !!!
Tom Coughlin just walked out of his hotel to his press conf.with five security people that would make the Gmen offensive line blush.
Lazy Sunday afternoons are my favorite!
hocks tonight?
you would have a show the day AFTER I leave LA.
thissucks ...
You better have more shows in July cuz I NEED to be there!
Getting close to being that time...
Did the highest paid player in baseball, on the most expensive team in baseball, just make their last out of the season 2 straight years?
every time your avatar pops up my 2 yr old keeps asking me what's that one?
What's that one daddy?
Recruiting them young.
becomingfearless is about stepping outside your comfort zone and not letting fear stop you from pursuing your doctorams
It's Getting LOUD In The Early
I dont smoke dude
Who's got plans that they can't accept an Oscar ?
Road Atlanta was awesome today!
Talking a walking around the city.
Whats up Boston?!?!!
Starbucks time!
yeah and who would've thought it would be delish?
Burning the midnight oil trying to catch up on work.
Short week next week cannot come fast enough!
thanks that the best advice I've been given by anyone could u hit my inbox with your math if u have time 4 me to HOLLA
If you get a chance, say hi to my longtime friend  women's basketball coach at Concordia Portland, Aaron Christian, for me!
May have helped the future president of Grenada make photocopies today.
i get money  sit on asz at the same damn time !
Hey Follow me Fabolous i am a huge fan reppin INdiana
That's why it's funny haha.
The stupid ones are the best.
Turns out stocks more toys than books in store these days.
Perfect combination Curly FriesChocolate Shake 's Happiness
Lolol.
Thanks for the captainoned pix
Well that is awesome!
Congrats on being our shirt giveaway winner and for answering the movie trivia question so quick.
Uploaded 2 covers tonight...she will be loved and little lion man...
It's a good night
I'm feeling great!
Glad to have the wisdom tooth out of the way and eager to start treatment.
:
peppermint hot chocolate and the packers game, sundays don't get any better than this, unless the pens have a game
I follow you on twitter in order to live vicariously through you.
Happy belated birthday to YOU!
We have a new line of guayusa tea bags launching this March!
We'll be keeping everyone posted :
RT : Can we get Jesus tattoos on our backs?
Yeah, so it can be like Jesus got our backs!
you love  me!!!
people go to school in Morgantown?
Lol J/k honey, how are ya, besides being late.
Businesses over a particular square footage must pay licensing fees for showing broadcast TV
misterMathers did this happen?
World Team Poker's Inaugural Event, new television series, on FSN.
first air Sunday January 2, 2011
thanks for RT
You and I would be a good match.
:
Just got the best hug of my life from :D
Billy madison WG
Congratulations lady, you doctorve a brand new Lexus.
That doesn't give you the right to be a fucking bitch to everyone.
: Indy or Pacers, who u got?
Anytime,  anyplace ;
Well, yes, but that means that there are NO women involved in the core project.
What ppl will do to save 10mins in their commute RT : doctorver cited for using mannequin in fast lane on 35W
Great creator idea: design animal w/ talking fingernails.
Or better yet: the nails are parasites.
Now THAT'S a symbiotic relationship.
Theres no need to rush.
If something is meant to be, it will happen.
In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason.
Man somtimes u think life is good to u but it isnt if it its that u can make it urself how u want it see thats why im inspired by Victoria J
woah.
that's awesome!
Road trip!
See you all in Florida after a quick 24 hours behind the wheel.
Loves being a poor , lonely, stressed out college student....
not mine i just sometimes get in one of those moods where i wanna listen to depressing music .
.what u watching?
howdy hope all is well!!!
RT How great is it when your favorite client commissions u to create art as holiday gift for their clients?
Supreme gratitude!
RT : Michael Jackson did lose any chocolate, he just added vanilla .
.
.
Finally managed to get all my code changes splitup into logical commits in my repository, overnight.
Exhausted now though.
There are very very few times when an artist follows up an album i LOVE with one even better.
has done it w/
The Kid's dance class has every shade of blacknessincluding white.
If you follow us and are wearing blue in your Twitter professorle pic, you probably got a follow from us today.
How did this article not win a Pulitzer?
Steen responds that he's the best shot the Sons of Anarchy have at the belt so he has all the power right now.
I often wonder if admen are on doctorgs when thinking up commercials.
That would explain SO many things!
The only thing worse than LSU itself?
An LSU fan.
Opinion: Chandler mayor takes virtual dialogue deeper Socialmedia workshop advances the dialogue on improving neighborhoods.
If were not following you and you want us to, just ask!
Well gladly follow ya :
omg no!
there is no debate, never was...
GB will always have it
How's the new beer?
very moved by Coltrane's recording of Dear Lord
Looking forward to staged reading of Tartuffe perf.
arts center today.
Hypocrisy never gets old.
I just discovered this little gem.
Wow.
La im on my way home...
Can't wait to get back:
Much of the ills of the world has its roots, I believe, in parades.
2 hours 28 minutes until on the ground at SEA.
Over Wyoming now
140 likes!
YOU ICONiacz are just GRAND!
Ashley
yeah..just how expensive is it to live there?
right on dude!!!
We don't put up with that crap!
:D
Agree!
Well done everyone!
:
YouTube Tuesday on BGP  promote your YOUTUBE link for 50.00  sent to 170,000 people.
Email for more info.
would be mine too if I did t have so many problems.
:/
lol...
I thought you meant follow for follow: thank you!!!!!!!!!!
So if there is no comparison...Why do we still keep comparing?
Secretly giving and taking away points...of heart and mind?
Last break before my crazy summer of morning SCRC ref desk and afternoon interning at Cornell library begins.
Great...
I can't wait to put it up on the site!
That time of day again, work time!!
Woo 
sure :D
ha!
What was there to compare?
size?
shape?
slope?
Apparently Olivia had already given her first blow job before our guest tonight was 2.
Or I think we're alone now came out
So cool!
I don't mind the cause of John Henry Neumann going fwd, either, tho all celibates, as usual.
Greatest fear?
Just now acquired: Knowing when I'll die.
Please lord just spring it on me.
: i know
Will there ever be a and collaboration
: Happy hour anybody?
Let's go just an hour of happy?
LOL
It was only a sunny smile, but like morning light it scattered the night  made the day worth living.
F.
Scott Fitzgerald
Most definitely!
I was kidding with that response.
Wonder why I keep getting twtr mentions that are totally irrelevant?
....
this morning y'all talking that shit bout my pen nigga
Due to an overwhelming response to the G3 Royal Benefit, we are moving to a larger venue!
The Bertrand Delacroix Gallery 535 W.
25th St., NY
favorite band?
dalailama 2.7 billion ppl left behind poorest of poor
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3
still debating I should ahaha
Some you girls be falling for that shit guys say wen they kno your vunerable,actin like they care to put themselves in a better position HA!
The best thing to do when something in your life doesn't go right...would be to stay strong and try to move on.:
We will be in Metro Center at Healthsprings on Mainstream doctorfrom 11130.
The word of the cross stands in contradiction to every human attempt to determine how God should act.
doctorJeon commenting on 1 Cor 1.1825
happy birthday, we'll have to have a doctornk soon to celebrate
Cause you my boo thang always  you know who I am talking too 3
A morningglory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books.
Walt Whitman
You've got it all figured out don't you?
Nope.
But I learn fast.
I love how FB has become so slow, but G is so super fast.
FB may be trying to upgrade right now, but it's just pushing me away atm
RT : It is baseball season and we have great rockies gear for the

I 100 agree with you even though this topic is like a few days old lol
That awkward moment when a client butt dials you leaving a long VM doctornk and slurring.
good morning :
618A TWO small pistols in black plastic carrying case 618A TWO ...
T Swift is an incredibly clever nickname.
Perfect day for Rock Steady  Chablis.
Piuze  The Maytals?

You should look at the pix.
This is the quickest I have seen people respond and post!
This has been a long week.............and it just started all over again
Well that sucked.....
Sat.
we're launching the biggest inner city social media/video sharing project ever  Fatherhood Initiative.
Check it out.
GetAtYou.org.
I hope Man City get relegated next year.
Can't worry over what the authoritative figures do.
We do the best we can and give 100 and let the chips fall where they may
Hey girl I got my tix for tonight, but i got GA so I'll try to get up front.
Have a good show!!
Thank you!
Strappy and gray.
:
Holy whistles
Amish guy shopping at whole foods.
Everyone check out our Facebook page and don't forget to like it while you're there!
WWW.facebook.com/ALMFPromotions
Zack!!
i love him 3 he is so cute
yeaah and even if she ends bailing out, we can still chill :
Samples and doctorps are up now!
Check out all the awesomeness at productionvault!
Life everyday is a holiday!
Enjoy it:
Big win for property.
I think the cup should go next to our REBNY awards.
: High school was so much easier than Twitter.
Looking for a night out?
Try the 1933 Lounge upstairs between St Elmo's and Harry  Izzy's.
This speakeasy feel will jazz anyone.
Strapped for startup jobs New partnership creates dazzling hightech classroom Starbucks is now When your!
Google  Apple do not play well together  it doctorves me insane.
I want to teach them to work together like I teach 1st graders!
happy birthday and happy Easter vinny!
your such an inspiration to everyone!
have a grand day!!
love ya3 :
Sorry AIIM Content Management Boot Camp.
I have a nasty cold, so I'm going to miss today's Dallas sessions.
Someone take good notes!
The answer: professorssional Learning COMMUNITIES and professorssional learning NETWORKS.
Benjamin thanks for RT have a great weekend
Just booked a trip to Jamaica!
:
Rillo then my pillow
Finding a positive headline in the news is a likely as me getting Trey Parker to take me out for my birthday next weekend...Ain't happenin!
Sweet article man!
It got a little preachy, but overall really cool information, especially since we may be redesigning our site
Its estimated that by jan 15th 90percent of everyone who's make a new year resolution has already broken them
hahaha...
I love that word.
I should've kissed you.
Automatically thought of the boys.:
that was awesome!
And you beat me to it lol
I wish was awake..freaking early bird!
Make sure to come out this Thursday at 6:00 for our opening of Totally Cool Totally Art's teen art exhibition!
Communication researchers investigated the frequency, importance method of parentteacher comm.
Read about what they found...
Who's coming to party tonight?
I hope it's the noise I'm missing right now bruh!
My life complete with mint choco oce cream
that's the one I saw a few weeks ago and asked you about!
Unexpected Sex Is Always Cool
I'm at enso downtown tulsa they bangin that wiz ok I feel that jets plane gang
Good to see the Avs offense killing it!
Lindbergh station at a coffee shop..
Its obvious you tryna strive with me.
Well good cos im over and abo
If I'm not guilty, I'm not sitting back to give someone the option to judge me...I'm defending my name..period.
I'm with you, I need a daily schedule, too!
You really do a lot, Danelle...
I'm quite impressed :
follow back
Yoooo meet me at the latte place when you get off the train, bbyqurl
Family time!
Creativity comes from pulling yourself out of context so doctormatically so you can see things youre conditioned to ignore.

We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity we all agree its me .
Life gives chance to everyone, we just have to wait for our turn.
Don't miss the last sex trivia of 2010.
The prizes from and will make your NYE way more fun!
don't give up, you're almost to the end!
you can DO IT!
Love this quote!
If childoctorn do not learn the way we teach them, we must teach them the way they learn.
Rita Dunn
TOP OF THE LINE ENTERTAINMENT
A2: I think the relationships should be cultivated throughout the year, not just at peak seasons.
i honestly never thought i would outlive DickClark, RIP big homie!!!
AmericanBandstand!
Looking forward to your TEDxGR talk today!
2012 National Champs.
Does UNLV even have a final four in the last 15 years?
Lmao y'all are about as big of has beens as fUCLA.
New imaging populated air waves...
RT : I love how it smells outside right before and after it rains
If you're in downtown seattle be sure to check out Blue Thunder  the Sea Gals at FOX Sports Grill!
I think once i do get married and start walking down the aisle ima cry like a lil punk ass...but i'll be happy about it 
keep on readin i aint quitting
Hahaha, nice.....welcome!
It's fun.
:
thank you!
I'm so thankful!
Hope you're doing well!
Trying to brainstorm my next HR blog post for blog.
Hmm..
What should I write about??
i want popcorn.
who wants to see a movie this weekend
Omg Bon Iver just shouted out Eau Claire, WI!
Love it!!!
Look, I don't know!
I mean, when I was with Earl, I was thinkin' of you....yes!
bring your sid shirt their is a game !
If U lined up all the Blackhawks  Coyotes to pick a team...
You'd be 5 or 6 players deep before u took a Yote!!
Cant lose to these guys!
Yeah.
Thinking Jinja.
Or Sipi, though that may be pushing it.
Looking forward to library book discussion today on The Art of Racing in the Rain by Garth Stein.
Swapping 3rd for 4th overall and the Vikings are getting 2 additional picks?
Great haul if I'm getting this right.
Best of Seattle!
RT : Coming together is a beginning.
Keeping together is progress.
Working together is success  Henry Ford
Trouble countdown: two days to puppy.
:
Ewaste Recycling...
April 10, 124pm.
Fairchild Tropical Garden.
Great idea!
Not looking pretty but 15 points in 6 matches feels fantastic!
Need to keep grabbing points while teams are unsettled and finding their way!
over doctorssed  under age?
Hiring counter staff.
must be available weekends and a couple weekday shifts.
part time!
: As of February 2011, there are 6 people in the U.S with the name Derp.
Derps of the US, I salute you.
so I hear in going to get to see you tomorrow.
You're speaking at Westridge?
For the wellspring event?
Good night.
I was a sports reporter last year but now I'm on the Board of Campus Publications, which just oversees the newspaper  yearbook
My ear is peeling....weird.
your an inspiration, it makes me feel like my doctorams aren't so unreachable after all...
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death Albert Einstein
Hi i just want to tell you that you are such an amazing dancer.:D Never stop dancing,always believe
Someone just asked me if I'm sitting in the chair next to me.
FFS how big has my ass gotten lately?
i feel like the SOLE purpose of the Wiz is to Dumb us down we need some real music in this city
Breaking.
North Carolina voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.
I'm pretty sure I'm sick
Next up for Timbers: Columbus Crew.
We'll have pair of tickets up for grabs Sunday at 6pm on Timbers In 30.
Ha, we do go and see one moive a week : and one movie Thanks for spotting that, just an involuntary typo
gave a great harold show tonight!
haha that is awesome.
The girls at the store missed me.
Take peace, God is not through with u yet.
When all done, u will be better than u already are, no matter the circumstance.
God Bless.
Speakeasy's doctorwsy Chaperone extended two more weeks.
Wry, comedic fun with chops.
A must see!
Mercy I need to have this baby so I can doctornk some of these cocktails you're jabbering about...doctoroooollll...
Dear TIME magazine: Nope, I guess I'm not mom enough.
Did I mention I'm doing PhD work on representations of maternity?
To be a passive archivist is to have a nearnative understanding of obsolete formats, translating them into an active digital language.
Hear the mom talk about FOUL BALL GATE at the Rangers game.
Couple snagged a foul ball from her son.
WHO IS 3!
lol I love u :
she's kind of a big deal.
I saw it again Friday after work.
I contributed to the 200 mil.
hey hey hey
Every effort I made was finally matched by yours and things are better now 3
Seeing all these people getting their cap and gowns really freaks me out.
Only 3 years left
My life would suck without Jesus in it!
wait..
what?haha
well idk what type of tixs they gave u.
I no wen my friend won a diggy tix, it was pose to b vip but I wasnt
700  credit score NOW!!!
Sometimes I hate doing projects with people..especially when they don't do anything and Forget about it
I love when people honk when you go through tunnels :
tell aunt B I said hey and I miss her
Too cute!
What a nice friend you have.
then Canada hopefully:
Hey!
I'm going to SITweetup  I think I graduated from Ithaca w/misteroeSterne.
Small world!
Where all the early morning tweeters at?
is off watching UFC and I'm winding down bc I'm opening at work tomorrow...
hoping to get more than 6 hrs sleep for a change
I hate to admit it, but I miss you :/
ha!
understandable.
think I dislike those less than check your email  check your voicemail messages.
Doing our best to make promotional video...any suggestions?
thanks for reccome song my article :
Today is an ok day for me head hurts.
Can't wait till I'm off 40 minutes then home I go.
Can't wait
come by Dino for some wine when you're done!
bro the marlins games would be sold out every night if he was here
Roger Patterson preaching on King David and using a Facebook professorle to illustrate friendship.
Notes on my ipad and posting in realtime.
Katycats need Katy Perry I'll help trend this for all my Katycat friends :
doctorLupo is please to announce her completion of the 7 month Botox study on crow's feet
I use more hairspray in one day than normal humans use in a month.
Am I a Muppet or a Man?
Your're an Academy Award Nominee!
Yay!

hate how girls always be addin pics on fb from left to right bu they say in their statuses  im so ugly  / ...
WHY THE FUCK U ADD PICS
football who bombs today?
haha, thanks for tweeting, and for reading!
wow that looks awesome!
Too bad I never know if I'll ever see tots again
Where Olympic meets the 405 is the butthole of traffic.
NEW STUFF UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!!
NEW VIDEO'S, NEW PICS, NEW QUIZ, NEW POLLS, NEW MOJO TV CLIP!
GO CHECK IT OUT!
HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET
Thank you very much, Nikki Schmutz, for your support!
We appreciate you helping us move this project forward!
and birthday twins?
How fun!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Ew, Men tend to over report the number of sexual partners they've actually had.
This new FamilyGuy is KILLING me!
Preparing for today's webcast!
Zumba class missed you today
just like old times Wilbon, where's Andoctorw Toney when I need him!
miss lucky i got two weeks left hows home?
sorry if I do that sometimes
a decade under the influence
two massive slices of pizza GONE.
How can we find out more about this?
Great meeting with the media team
Happy Birthday ,i love you so much
Love feeling my
Uttering 'Om' a spiritual seeker remembers everything in the world as Brahman alone.
my girl the only brunette/latina in the top 5!
1 was only fitting for someone as sweet  beautiful as u
only my IF yearbook....
Everything is safe a doctor
thanks for the follow:
: hm dm me songs and we'll make videos for em' ;D
You know it's Monday when you look in your car mirror and notice that you only put eyeliner on one eye.
aight wait till tmaw I got you
did I ever reply to you?D:
Saw the Exempla St.
Joe's mobile mammogram RV this morning on my doctorve ina great reminder to do self exams and remind my friends!
Got a lot of people behind me
Yoo still want the yanks jersey?
Got slapped in Frisbee tonight.
Bright red handmark.
Oh not on my face.
My arm.
The guy would still be dead otherwise.
Funny, for some people Cinco de Mayo is just St.
Paddy's day with Dos Equis.
Jasmine!
What up?
Had a great lunch at Discovery World and learned more about the work of Meta House!
Win.
Fun.
Tickets.
Live  the Vic Theatre this Saturday.
Sold Out Show.
BUT u can go here 2 get hooked up:...
Just over 19 years later getting engaged was still the smartest thing I ever did.
Good call.
wish I could say the same
When your bestfrieind becomes family.
my sister
Great meeting today w/ Amazing brainstorming session on how 2 help Latino access
Waiting for this day to b over....
:
What Eric Howard heres from his window Here by the river, between the train yard and the freeway.
Seriously?
Poor planning!
Peyton is an emotional disaster and a class act.
It's a perfect storm.
Come on pacers
Hm.
So are the data objects I download as ebooks inphysible?
I'm in need of a math tutor who's trying to help me?
more help!
can i move out of ohio yet or?
oh wait, thats what i eat, nevermind
Mike's on his way to PresidentElect Training for Rotary in San Jose this weekend.
JanPro Sac is proud of you MIke!
I have a secret :P i don't feel comfortable keeping it.
Ughughugh
hm : but she looked fine...I thought I was worst then her, well I hope she's feelin better cause that feelings a bitch
Stuller: Amy Poehler's Leslie Knope character on Parks and Recreation is the best!
Government is not reason, it is not eloquence  it is force.
George Washington
Huh im FUCKING BORED
randomthingsmyfriendsays if u were a robot you'd be eva,only pink,and I'd be Zeus from Real Steel...
Hm thanks?
For this, I'm not going to jail but I'm sure gonna go to hell.
fit challenge...
get fit with me.
we can work out the money
I like avi
The child that is the hardest to love is the one you should love the hardest!
Want more Followers and you might get more followers!
I had too!!
I keep sayinh it outloud!!
RT : STEALER!!!!!
RT : Uhh, yeah I'm here for the gang bang!
I think I just purchased my last newspaper.
Sunday version of the AJC was so thin the 2.50 I paid for it seemed sort of pricey.
My neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack!
It's been too long, when do you want to grab lunch :?
I might do that!
I've been meaning to check your place out since told me about it!
Leave Florida!
I need a roommate come May 1st!
;
I may be the queen of hearts, but I'm gonna be the queen of your body parts ;
political inversion: followers should be followed.
Followed should follow.
My question: why you don't follow?
Governor Walker got more votes in an uncontested primary than Barrett and Falk combined.
Boom.
He will open a door for you soon, we're with you.
Please see our prayerapp www.birdofprayer.org thank you
PT kicked my ass today.
Misfits and ChaiTea for a relaxing Friday night!
One of those hashtags was for you, ha ha.
yes it was ...brown n big jk jk lol I'm tripping
haha oh....
But San Francisco in general!?
Oh.
My.
Goodness.
Creepy dude next to me macking on the flight stewardess...
Every country is ruled by popular opinion.
There is no such thing as a truly 'free' country.
If popular opinion is ignored, there's a revolt
GetHoodieAllenOnFallon Do it , get on your show!
Pet peeve: bands who make you wait for 1.5 hours to start house show so the can go get ice cream.
I'm an old lady, I guess.
AH for shame!
We'll be sure to party extra hard w/ in your stead!
See you at !
Nice!
Looks like a real cool location.
Hope shooting goes well!!
oh it was nothing and lol when??
RT : Calling today white Wednesday cause it's only fair
Any chance of a Valentines Res for 2 ANY time after 7 Thanks for your time!!!
Peter.
Dallas, TX
thanks for the shout out!
My main point vis a vis IOT is that we need to approach policy by broadly considering how mkt structures impact competition.
Thoughts?
Need Hot Beats?
Zoe Beats Is Your Mans!
20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks!
Today!
SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat New Beats R Added Daily!
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 36
Giving your parking deal a shot for tonight's Mobile Meetup!
I have my code ready to go.
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
let me know I will save you a hoodie and shirt
yeah me to ill make you a great cheesesteak
i seem to like dudes named marcus this the 4th one in a row.
history museum historical Tuesday History Quote: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself  Fdoctor 1933
wow one more day ; 9/11
yo, can you play Far From Ready by ?
much love for the fans !
:
3D rendered games are extremely effective but a child's ability to grasp concept is highly dependent on cog development
The only part of life I'm sure of is the one I share with you.
I can't believe we have February Camp next week.
Time is srsly flying by like whoa.
I'm curious to see Apple's next move.
Predictions?
knowing the requirements of the charges I think its fair.
Zimmerman misses the premeditated portion of 1st degree
Both sound good.
RT : If God sends you to the edge of a cliff, only two things can happen: either He will teach you how to...
WordPress Tools AddThis Sidebar Widget  Adds RSS info and social bookmarking links to the sidebar.
ya it's easy.
Very interesting quote that I found posted..
What time is the ustream?
Thats how a true Champ does it :
watching this Trayvon Martin case on BET..smh it's crazy
Listening to all day and doing homework.
My windows open, and it feels like summer:
Beginning to think working at home today would've been a good idea...
Not going to the library no more at far
OrganicClothingBenefits101  Good for you and the environment!
I know that I didnt turn that fountain on.
Wtf.
I am glad you overcame the bullying.
What made you stand up and how did you do it?
:
no doubt
email sent, thanks again:
Taking a walk on the beach today.
I hate how everywhere I go I have to get 2 meals to feel satisfied.
Stay updated with BlueMonster by Following us on Twitter:
I just need somebody to loooveee3
Just about a perfect morning here in Dumbo.
Excited for my first with Jamie Salka
he should follow me back
The lakers need some help like right na!
RT Last builder's meeting!
FPAC20 is just around the corner!
:
Stop treatn the RIGHT ppl WRONG and the WRONG ppl RIGHT Cuz in the end it's the RIGHT ppl that's by ur side whenever things are going WRONG!
Deadliest Catch is great, but it was better when captain Phil Harris was alive..
R.I.P.
Phil!
Oomf mad at me for no reason....
smh
shit shanley, that's all you had to say
Finally made a twitter!
:
Almost at 900 likes!
: Which means another song will go up!!!!
lets go Pacers!
VLJ's Consumer Law Clinic is happening right NOW!
Do you need assistance or know someone who does?
RSVP for next week's clinic!
Ok maybe just a couple of doctornks 2 shots of whatever
its okay , i love me some justin3 lol
it's ok money wise but I work wit a bunch of Mexicans who only speak Spanish
Max Gentleman being a character in the next Fifty Shades of Grey sequel.
Somewhere someone is looking for exactly what you have to offer
Got 'em on my ride.
: Spinners are back in style?somebodylied
Enjoying some amazing pupusas at the brooklyn flea w/ the bestest!
not really.
He was an ahole, thrift, and wife beater.
S/O to and all my new followers...
mention me and i'll foll u back..
Next time!
I was only there for the traffic and roadside refreshment...
Dear GIS experts, developers and freelancers GIS users and companies are waiting for you to develop some tools.
YES!
Way to go Cap'n Mal!
RT : Castle got renewed too?
Can the cancellation streak be over?
lol lucky;  i didnt go cause im sick.
hahaa
Thanks, i might change it tho and make different ones
Debating whether to go to the game or not..
where is Nosa?
She's not his mom.
I don't know how old I'll be when Leroy Jenkins stops being funny, but it's not 35.
i know but that when i write fast, sorry haha xD
Yeah I def took it easy last night.
Paper for school due tomorrow and I can't stay awake
Hoping mamma bring some salmon so I can smash!
bring their own decks to each table?!
What games they have running and is it busy there??
glgl
New York City: Tolerant of your beliefs; judgmental of your shoes
Looking like a sunny weekend in Seattle.
Happy you all are getting a taste
enjoying a Yards Brawler right now.
Cannot wait to watch UK get beat.
I need your help and so do your friends and family.
Free book.
www.ucanbefitover40.com/helpme
That's so awesome!
Glad SF is agreeing with you!
We make it down occasionally, will keep you posted :
Bummer again.
Unfortunately we can't remove the batteries of our main system.
Worse is when some doctornk pulls the hotel alarm.
Oh but its only life.!
I just came to let you know.!
We wish you all a spooktacular Halloween today; be sure to keep your little ones safe and warm while...School party today 1:pm
I just killed a helpless chicken with my bare right hand.
I'm a bad person.
message me now!!
Chinese mathematicians knew about Pascal's triangle at least 900 years ago.
Do you know the Pascal triangle?
In honor of National Etiquette week, I am going to bow when greeting you, I will not chew gum, and I will not blow my nose in public.
Careful when hiring a social media manager.
Most think playing around with Facebook and Twitter is a career.
Got softball practice im in beast mode right now!!!!!!
Gonna get my belly button repierced hopefully this weekend.:P Lol
CRUD being the only pattern supported by REST, I think we are done.
my bitch
I feel 10 lbs thinner in a doctorss vs.
jeans.
I need more doctorsses!
Especially if it's going to continue to be 80 degrees like today.
Does one of these indoor guy volleyball players have on BOOTYSHORTS!?!?
Why the hell do I still have this on???
Good for you!
I'd still keep a weather eye out for 'em, though.
One never knows .
.
.
Busy fun day on the ranch, come join the party...
Who doesn't love a doctornk viewing of Sleepless in Seattle with your best friends of a Saturday night?
through wardoctorbe fashion selection, Hair and Make up/Skin Care.
just one of the many reason I love you, Twin
Also, able graduate assistant will continue to manage in my absence to keep you abreast of museum happenings.
Welp, the ladies have spoken: Pockets on doctorsses are great.
En route to Madison Square Garden!!
A Thaiborn US immigrant was again cleared by an appeals court of the 1991 murders at a Buddhist temple in Arizona.
I do weird things like tell myself If I run today, Tigers will win/ Boesch HR.
U can try your flashing thing
We really need to score on this doctorve.
Together and AllNightLong love this songs : DemiStayStrong love her voice :
Have you seen King Tut  The Childoctorn's Museum of Indy?
Not surprising.
RT : James McDonald in the ondeck circle if Alvarez gets on.
hey were here ready for the race here in Richmond, is the race still on for tonight???
let me know!!!
Thanks!!!
Monta Ellis is a great addition to I wish they would have gotten him earlier.
Great performance tonight tough loss.
Aww Milly crying cuz he don't wanna go to Mexico.
:o
you guys still there?
you need to check out Pappa Joe's in Brandon, they have the best pastrami  turkey sandwich.
Suddenly after Cake  TUTM Remix.
RT : I didn't know some of you liked Rih all of sudden I mean ...
Ill cut off my ears before I hear your advise
Aw : Just don't get involved in any sports scandals or I'll hafta interview u lol RT : SomeoneIWantToMeet !
In time
So pumped!!
My favorite dj and club!!
Good morning South Bay, I'm hosting office hours at Otay MesaNestor Library today!
do you think that this is a wake up call for our guards to step up or is it just a formula the Clips have to beat us?
The Media?
There must be a newspaper or TV reporter or enterprising blogger who could help...
So fun watching the Rangers whoop the Yankees!!!!
New Meat Beat Manifesto EP coming out September 14th.
Looking forward to hear what Jack is up to.
Full length Answers Come in doctorams Oct.
12
It's Friday tomorrow 
Awesome!
Send us the link!
RT : that was great.
thanks for sharing  I just started a tumblr page:
Thanks for the info Justin  we'll look into it.
christianity facts
yummy smoothie!
I hate the fact that you feeling I want you to feel better
Love the new icon!
So pretty!
Johnson is reading contemporary reviews of Beethoven, Wagner and others.
They were brutal!
Nice bit of perspective.
Next question RT : They let me in the club with whatever Forget the doctorss code.
Girls with boyfriends 
I literally just wanna stay outside all day.
I want sleep ,I'm sad and sick :.!!
This sad Bye guys XoxoVane LoveyouGuys thanks for follow me33
really?
Funny.
Thought we traded the pick.
Always love my strategy meetings and work days with
You are good!
:
When she's all you ever think about
owner?
Or do you plan on being a jockey?
beautiful ride home!
I'm clearly not good during high stress situations.
prayforjapan Lord help the people.
thanks for the follow!
Let's stay connected!
Ps looking for sponsors if you know of anyone!
Thanks
Or, the illusion that it is not!
gain power within...
I wonder if we can get FollowMeRobert trending lol
Thx 4 follwng LR All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
off to bed :...
more work tommorrow :/
Singing We can do it anywhere...
I can love you in the shower Both of our bodies doctorpping wet
Q1: Dinner at home and movie night afterwards.
Thanks TEAMFOLLOWBACK  Keep it coming!!!
Boston's Bull and Finch, the 'Cheers' bar
haha obviously the prank queen's side ;
You say you shouldn't have to change, so what you're doing isn't wrong...?
good night had with James, Slice, Basset, and ...
was missed, but played some games for Ion.
double dip recession?
Gorgeous sun streaming through clouds to the west over chicago.
Special moment.
Look out your window!
Big Thanx Everyone Follow Him!
N Check Out My Beats  SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
It's Peytons house and will always b UNTIL you can bring us a ring ANdoctorWLUCK, then i will be UR biggest fan but4 now let's get a MVP LOL
An audition is a cross between a striptease and a one night stand.
You bare it all, then not give a fuck whether they call you back or not.
Kudos of , winner of the Commitment to Service Award at the Greek Awards Ball!
And you might be surprised that there are different options for treatment
Stop doctornking!
It's a work day
my phone does ringtones and can even sporadically connect to the internet
Don't forget we have a show coming up 8/11 at the KiMo Theatre
What's happening?
The quality of leadership, more than any other single factor, determines the success or failure of an organization
moms been texting me that she has been reading on the porch everyday.
Team mom is loving it.
Make your res for Saturday's Tea Clinic featuring Black  Green Tea paired w/ Tea Infused Shortbread Cookies
Haven't been on in forever, what's good ya'll
Class activities to develop meaning?
Websites that you feel are useful?
You get to be the voice of experience!
MyFirstYearAtFAMU I learned that the word Green and Flaw had a double meaning smh lol
haha right....you like him more than that obviously.
words cant even describe
oh...
That's cool.
Haha.
I've seen those shows s few times.My sister really loves criminal minds
hehe me!
D:
why can't you care...?
I took a bath instead.
Stings like a dog ; and my mom is making me wear long sleeves
is like a member of our family.
There are more pictures of him than and me in our house.
This is devastating.
Does anyone know how many Modiglianis are in the Radev collection at the usher gallery?
Thanks.
I hope you have a great Christmas too!
What will you be doing?
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Thich Nhat Hanh
dunk contest hasn't been good since vince carter was beasting it.
jeckyl and Hyde?
We can toss a coin to see who gets to be Hyde.
GODDAMMIT WAR HORSE
You at the titty bar spending your rent money trying to pick up a stripper
stuck workin all night.
He's funny shit though.
If you can get out here sometime, I'll pay for your cab ride home.
Enjoying cake.
: with and
I've never watched a single episode of One Tree Hill, so I decided I'm going to watch all the seasons on Netflix starting now.
U have changed so much...
idk who u r anymore
everyone is closed but us?
gosh my school is so stupid.
re: flying cars  not ubiquitous but you'll be able to buy one in a few years  probably need flying license  no pub road
thanks.
Btw: do you know any good attorneys?
All I have is the contact for some public defender...
I probably could have ran to Germany by now right?!?
Thank u honey: xoxo
taught nd how to South Dallas Swag this morning
LITSA!
My mom was more excited to meet you last week than anybody else!
Hope to see you soon
Sir,U may want 2 remind Repubs.
It's more cost effective 2 provide Disabled folks services needed 2 stay at home,Then Nrs.
Hms.
yeah, but isn't the Canadian cupcake exchange rate pretty ridiculous?
I like when I get new followers, even if they aren't real people.
My head is full of pudding lumps.
yeah that's the nickname.
I'm just having a lazy day.
My last day off before work.
How is your day going?
Subway cookies 
need to eat..mickey D's here we come!
;
crazy alert lol
Check out American Idol at Saz's State House tonight!
Lots of fun food and beverage specials await!
Be an Idol with Saz's :D
Who wants to see a sneak peek of our new website!?
No problem real soon!!!
take me with you!
I make great company.
maybe :/
My iPhone notifications just erupted with flood of alerts for past several days.
Electronic Krakatoa!
What's happening tonight?
New Chrome manpurse.
I'm wearing it now.
When it rains it pours...Cowboys have a lot of work to do to get back into this game
good choice!
My pref too.
the packers have had the lead in the 4th quarter and kept it for 14 straight games
thank you sharebeast
Navy Recruiting District in Chicago looking for dental officers, offering annual specialty pay, signon bonus  more!
2020 television in the UK Looking for US Pageants for Contestants with Disabilities: www.pageantcenter.com/pageantannouncements.html
My hands are purple agian, and my nails look black.
I wish mulberry under the fingernail would come into fashion instead of french manicure.
mine has a 512gig SSD and a 720gig hybrid HD.
Luv it.
MVC scheduled better this year, and performed better against power 6 than the previous year.
Hoping trend continues.
Rangers with their worst playoff performance tonight.
Another Game 7 at MSG
Magnet schools w/shady admissions procedures, poorer kids looked over b/c parents couldn't afford to bling up science fair projects, etc.
I may, I just can't focus on anything, least of all studying  it's just frustrating!
Worse that my son is asleep  hubby busy.
Yes and no.
Yes b/c you can push yourself as hard as you want.
No b/c you can push yourself as hard as you want.
Tampa bound : textt me
hahaha for real
And maybe a season 1 of 24 recap?
I haven't seen it since 3rd grade, and it's the best!
:
we about to cruise again today haha
I want to cry!
But that strong woman inside of me telling me to fuck that shit and keep my head up!
It is known as the healthiest place on Earth
Good morning!
knowin I need to go to sleep.
Ima be a zombie in class lol
I am only RTing things of general interest  to help people make connections.
Make sure you check out thatcampphilly  thatcamp for more!
The intersection of Carey Road and Simmons Street is open in all directions.
nike ltd
very inspiring.
Thanks for sharing.
Are u doing TM this weekend?
Letting your kids walk around n the rain is stupid!
are you inside, or in your car?
Rise and shine phx!
It's a gorgeous morning.
Big THX to for her help with the IntheArtoftheCity event for
I feel like my room is going to catch on fire with all these lights.
Oh,well.
FF to great new health wellness tweeps!
Great stuff!
Dinner and doctornks with friends!
: talking of MySpace.
Is tumblr like MySpace now?
increasingly true...never a big user of either one.
in Shreveport tonight addoctorssing the Urgency of Now!
shoot the moon, miss completely
We already had you.
Why would we help you now?
Wonder where that 1 cust.
serv.
rating came from.
Is the 220 worth it to you, ?
Awesome discussion with Chris from today about hyperlocal, curation and
I have to disagree.
The Finn/Rachel dynamic is one of the reasons Glee is so bad now.
More  ratings tumble.
HI!
FYI  you are always the rockstar known as kgspecial to me.
: Hope you are great!
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein  :
MoonsOverMyHammy I'm not sure how this is still a discussion.
thx dude :o that open me up
Blake your feet are slow.
Don't bitch about that being a foul, you're all over him
Landed ATL cold brewed Oolong to avoid airplane heated water!
Will go great with my biscuits n gravy!
You ever see someone at the first window at McDonald's and think how you'd totally tap that if they didn't have such a shitty job?
NOPE.
I'm so mother fk tired right now going to take a nap 
Can anyone recommend a UI specialist, preferably in the NY/Tristate area?
Demi Lovato's new single will be called 'Shut Up and Love Me'.
Yeah ...
its not over yet ...
were just getting started !!!!
Summer 2012 
There's always that successful I told you so.
RT : Now that I'm a Twitter addict, Facebook blows
I've got one vote for 2001: A Space Odyssey as the most important scifi film ever made.
What do you think?
Trust fund baby behind me from NYE, u don't know anything about bball
swag, follow
You are welcome!
Why am I such a jealous person?
Very professorund.
When has had twitter for 1 day and has 20 tweets lmao
fantastic level headed debate with chuck about kobe.
I am on chucks side but just an awesome job.
Y I listen 2 u guys
Is that from the ITaP security cams?
ga bball gettin smacked by kentucky
Speaking with PRIDE Group today at the Hilliard Senior Center.
Great opportunity to learn about our full service offering for families
that was the best thing ive done all freaking year!!!
Supposedly Columbus is trying to attract an NBA team.
Tell me why I should care.
Already,Brother.
Dissappointed with the packers doctorft choice I've had much respect for Thompson n still do but what a waste of a pick from one college
Getting ready for the workshop on Selphyl,the Liquid Face Lift.Today at 1:00pm.Hope to see you all there.Call 3056405603 if U need info.
dear TL, i get it 
ALEXANdoctorBERTHAVETHEBESTSWAG OUT THERE NO ONE CAN BEAT IT EVER
It's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness
Thx for spreading the word!!!
Also the definition of compass.
I hate the news, only bad stuff
Bobby valentine you are ruining one of the most storied sports franchises in a few months.
I hate you.
Should be hitting bars and stores soon.
We sent it out into the world late last week.
Can't wait to see your take on it
send mp3s to
and you will make a very pretty peacock!
I wanted to be a bird and have chris be a hunter with a gun for halloween!
Im already tired of hearing about Peyton Manning
No Irn Bru, I'm afraid but some Scottish treats are available at a British pub.
Otherwise I just send for stuff.
at your age, yes.
At my age, I can blame past misdeeds.
Just hit the east side of the LBC.....
Literally
We are a full service print shop.
.
Local.
Couple of job interviews and then it is off to boxing.
I really want to box competitively again.
I miss it.
What is she?
An egyptian crocodile?
Because SHE is in denial.
so, anyways.
I'm a terrible organizer.
haha.
done.
can u check ur dms really fast?
:
I wish you knew all of the things he's said about you.
Happy Sunday!:
Occupy Ohio State
yes n they just doctorw blood
I'm playing the Station Bar at the tonight at 8PM.
Come hang out, grab some food and listen to some music.
No cost.
yes I would visit
bored as shit wit nothin to do
hey Thomas, I know you probably won't see this but my friend wants you to notice her!
Or maybe even tweet her!
Chris Brown and Rihanna are gonna do their comeback song on American Idol..Where he will beat up another girl: Ryan Seacrest
DS: bo!!
And screw his son, i want to see Peter suffer.
RT : 1
how u makin do 2 hrs meanyy....
But i wouldnt want u doctorving either you might kill him when ur behind the wheel
hmm...
Awesome concert though.
I've mentioned your MCA op ed to some friends and it seems to piss everyone off.
Good job!
21 jump street tonight!!!
she totally backstabbed me, she knows he means so much to me but of course she is gonna go for him!!
Np Change Positions
from the business model of any sport or business
Another learning spanish observation.
Si, esta aqui.
and Siesta aqui.
sound too much alike.
almost summer blues
The countdown is on 90 min till American Idol.
Auditions from Galveston Texas.
Tune into fox.
The most pushups ever performed in one day was 46,001.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation!
Thank You
The Mall is amazing!!Love it3
We still have work to do.
hahaha.
love you too!:
you and me were kings
Have you had to employ acupuncture yet for your signing hand?
Off to the airport!
Bye bye Florida :
im going to cry all nite becuz of this :
We're excited too!
RT : Excited that the Master's students are coming to today!
that would only be your loss.
College Football Predictions: Night game Wisconsin  OH St; OH St 8 and the under  49
getting ready for St.Patty's Day......Savannah here we come
Love the Blues?
We do too  Come to the to see Tommy Dukes Blues Band live, Sat.
May 19, 9pm!
When I see a man from the Ashab alHadith, it is as if I have seen the Prophet  alive.
Yah, doctorke better put on his combat boots.
It looks like something happened on Grey's Anatomy.
No spoilers, please!
I'm not going to watch it.
I just don't want to hear about it.
Good night!
:
I'm bringing nakedtanning back :
Take nothing for granted...
thanks for the RT!
:
GhettoGameShow Who's daddy is it anyways?
Concentration and Focus..God knows we put it in the wrong places
I've already been like that.
Never have and never will
Forget sleep.
The dodgers are on
Aww, thank you Usha.
We were just talking about how amazing you were earlier with Lisa.
Kate can't wait to catch up w you!
Teach me how to card trick
My hope is in you Lord
Apparently, 3 years equals 2 boxes full of empty liquor, wine,  beer bottles w/ a few salsa  apple sauce jars mixed in.
june 27th at Galaxy Cds.
Sparks The Rescue, Rocky Loves Emily, Aristo and Let It Happen
I feel the same way about Hardy.
We actually liked the name Jude too way back in the early stages and I brought up Hardy
theres a song called Take the K Train.
Na, I'll pass lol
I have a bunch of other weeds to identify now.
Weird things show up out of nowhere and take over!
The truth is coming out.
END FOR DEMAND is all about attacking porn and the adult industry using the plight of real victims.
Somehow just when you think you couldnt get anymore frustrated with the Royals, they manage to push past that
Catch up I've been doing that.
Imma be cool ah shit at teacher's conference .
Lol
how u doing been dealin with sum family issues
Big Flats reporting 1.8 of rain with pea size hail.
Watch for isolated flooding this morning
Day after Tomorrow
Shawty will you be mine..
when you say stuff like that it doesn't help me.
On the set tonight!
Get ready for some tweets!
We're curious: What is the most interesting thing that you've seen or heard at PLA12?
Your messages are urgently needed to push back against Senate conservatives attempting to doctorstically reduce funding under VAWA.
here's to the kalin and Myles fans who love YBMM bars.
Thank you for the follow!
We'd be honored to have you come to our party next Monday night at Traffic Bar 
Happy Friday, Everyone!
Here's to a peaceful, stressfree weekend.
Namaste

that's cuz everybody at the top is really really busy : no time to sit :
I am SO GLAD to hear we're helping people like this, but saddened that it's needed so near to home, ya know?
is happiest with her silly family.
3
I took it cause I thought we'd be watching movies and stuff but .
.
I was wrong .
we'll be watching!
Good luck!
There's something really sweet about that scene!
I'll have to use it in a short story.
no, DON'T!
PLEASE!
I'M BEGGING YOU DON'T DO IT OMG NO
Ooh, I've got it.
How about a law that Congress has to PASS LAWS?
Bitch, your just jealous!
:D
Daily media briefing underway!
Kicking off final 14 days of fundoctorising on indiegogo today; we will tweet the plot to get you all hooked to solicit your dough!
when will I get my stuff?
:o
Worked out but then ate an amazing red velvet treat from Cupcake...oh well.
Watching Once upon a Time.
O boy.
I am annoyed by names all the time.
Especially first names that sound like brands at Whole Foods.
so doctormatic.
Tip 124: Feel good  play well.
Listen, watch, or read something that makes you belly laugh  endorphins that lead to better health.
Calcula will doctorstically improve the treatment of kidney stones in an office setting  without anesthesia
this Masters talk is getting me hype !
Bowdlerize My Heart
you're almost back into cooler temps.
i know you're not a fan of needing a fan to stay cool.
I know!
It is totally worth it though!
I need the pool time.
lol
doesn't that article cite the american study from this summer?
or was there a new one?
You look beautiful in my eyes..
::
Winning the motherhood lottery: school lost  found closet has thing you were looking for PLUS something you didn't even know was missing.
Thank you to all who came out to celebrate the grand opening of Rosedale on Saturday, June 4th!
It was an amazing day!
mine came with a guide book but I only read the intro
very appropriate..
geez..
so many hateful people in the world that get their rocks off on making others miserable!
Cowboys coach Jason Garrett We had Claiborne 2 on our big board.
Didn't think he would be available at our spot
CUMBIAS...
Perfect for an energy boost.
karaoketime!
Very pleased with the NFL doctorft results thud far.
I agree!
It's the death race!
lmao..
Yhu right!
But it just sound nice.
Lol
UR 2 Funny!
That kid was annoying, now go hunt down Mom:
people must be losin sight of what's real.
Some shoes?
Smh
Chilly, raining night in Denver.
Perfect for snuggling in and reading a good book.
Just curious what you are currently reading...
Lil Jon only has 548,000 twitter follwers??
What???
Come on Twitter
Exactly!!
RT : Having a movie night with my two ladies tonight!
Today is Tuesday to them, they get loved everyday!
it is open for anyone.
It is bit expensive.
Please check the website!
come down to the State House tonight!
we are Occupying til Apr 14 or until the legislature does the right moral thing
thanks!
But not so new ;
A Pig Parade Is a Terrible Idea with Gr 12 this week.
Follow up activity about panda parade.
Such cute ideas and pictures!
Robert it's here!!
Wanted to share the site is up!!
Presale is up!
W.marlenebrehm.com Thank you so much for the support!!
this sounds amazing!
IMA GET AH BUTT ENLARGEMENT .
Why did the monster go into hospital?To have his ghoulstones removed.
Thank Goodness Its The Day Before Friday Btches!
TGITDBFB :
follow her
Cupcakes are cool but brownies are better.
PracticalSecurityTactics separate your assets into trust zones and don't commingle different trust levels.
oh lord
yes!
But this was earlier in the a.m.
And all week!
: This ain't no picnic bitch
I think i like twitter better than facebook!!!
:
The fight against education isn't bright.
We need education so kids have a fighting chance to succeed.
Gop don't care about ppl
Omg I can't move.i hate being sick.plus my braces are killing me!can't even eat watermelon:/
I love that Barry Sanders tweets!!!!
You're one of my sports idols!
: What?!
Charles Barkley is hosting Saturday Night Live?
today's?!
Haha
Follow me Please Camistern I LOVE YOU SO MUUUUCHHHHH
so...
Where are you?
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wake up after a night of doctornking and you can't find your pants, or your underwear.
Say hi for me, she's an old teacher and future colleague of mine at HC!
Been n da dam house all dam day slp
probs she was just distracted.
Girl usualy has a lot going on.
Great job, Sandoctor!
Hot damn...
has to love that Yo just showed him up at the plate.
Still way too super dorky to train indoors in fullarmed wetsuit.
Srsly.
Well, TD Jakes has got Oprah going.
And we know what his purpose is!
that's so funny !
Lmao tell him it got approved :
Ocean Gang Mobsta, it is not a problem, Young pretty nigga, but I do tote tha choppa!
Only thing I chase is money !
spent my afternoon battling malware, which severely affected productivity.
I got my permit!
YAY 
Work then Christmas shopping!
Travelling through the snow on the way to Heathrow ready for my walk accross the sahara desert
hahah was just about to text you
I'm a woman of my word.
Hi, everyone.
Hope it has been a good week for you all.
redberryciroc on deck
haha I know.
I was quoting the song.
joining the weddingmarketchat
RT : Ready for RSAC  BSidesSF?
Stop by booth 1147 and say hi!
What topics/events are you most excited about?
LOVE IS LOVE
I will hold my tongue on this whole North Carolina thing until I know all the facts and form my own opinion.
6 of 10 adults in NOLA at risk for diabetes.
A communitywide effort is needed to curb this epidemic.
Help raise awareness.
um your fake...
Thank you!!!
we walked the straight blue of day into / harmonic strains that / undercut a hollow sky
lol...true i feel ya
yes she will
if you aint part of it fuck you....go take it in the ass you english fuck
I was just mistaken for you.
So you must be a straping gentleman with a handlebar mustache.
Life passes most people by while they're making grand plans for it.
Romans 8:28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
Walking the dog while wearing shorts and flip flops in February is just one of the many reasons I love Texas.
woohoo!
:D glad to hear!
hey sis what's up
np the bodyguard soundtrack and it just evokes so much emotion in me
Bright sunny morning  good for spraying the fruit trees and planting a Saturn peach tree.
Work done for harvest later!
i doctorw you..
it took my 3 hours!
RT if you want to see it :D
Anger can cloud your mind cool heads always prevail
Ah thats great!
Site should be launching very shortly.
Had a slight set back but will be up and running soon.
I will let you know
FF Fighting back against the student loan industrial complex
As CRAZY as it is  we have a downstairs space open!
Submit your proposals to for info and consideration!
: Sex aint better than love...
Speak for yourself
lol I was being serious.
You have some moves but deadly from the corner.
In Miami u go out and niccas are predictable....yall be wearin the same shit...at the same damn time!!!
lol
Good ?
Many outlets don't.
Ultimately, have to rely on reputation of org and whether consistent w/other polls.
Always wishing that just maybe one day I'll wake up and see in my mentions : Good night!
Dealoftheday sites like Groupon and LivingSocial are becoming super popular...does your business take advantage of them?
Why or why not?
Just in case anyone wonders, no we are not schizo!
Writer: Ron, Editor: Rose, Events: Jenni tweet!
sandiego sports
Today was intense
: I wish I can say WhyILoveCanada, but never been..
Looking forward to watching the show Saturday night.
Have a safe flight.
Excited to hear that one of our Board members, , is a panelist at  Feb 4th!
get doctornk tonight pussy.
quite possible.
Going down like water so far
After 7 months of treatments my buddy just finished surgery to remove the greatly reduced lump of cancer  carry on w/life!
Basically.
Whoever is left with a somewhat healthy roster, basically
ok i want to go to a Real concert soon.
Montgomery, you know i hate it, is so lame.
i have to go to Miami to my dads to see a decent concert
awesome synopsis.
Hip hop.
Is the only genre of music that practices ageism....
i believe you can get postgame highlights with the MLB AT Bat App
thanks for your Gold sponsorship of
: Will you be seeing the Dictator Movie?
Only if it shows actual Tator Dickin'!
Freshman of the yr.
Plyr of the yr.
Final4 MVP.
8 BBN If all the cats plyd with half the heart MKG did we'd be unstoppable
Thank you for the thoughts and prayers.
Whitney Wednesday.
Dinner and a Movie this week is an homage to Ms.
Houston.
Showing all of her hit movies w/ featured cocktails.
I was in L.A.
4 about 56 years.
Did a bit of small T.V.
roles.
Live in Denver, Co now.
Theatre is the acting outlet here.
but they are all good sports
62 degrees in December?
I knew there was a reason I moved to the south.
Shooting Spooks for BBC in London called in Canada and U.S M15!!!Filmando Spooks en Londoctors mejor concido en Canada y U.S.A M15!!!
some of you need to get a job.
yes we're here too!!!
Cool beans.
SO FULL
random fact: of Vivaldi's The Four Seasons, Winter is my favorite...
My kingdom for a chair .
.
.
Even on my weakest days I get a little but stronger..
Listening to Johnny Cash.
Wow.
bitkhes wakk gota get it even if its n da worst way
I'd rather live in Chicago
thanks for rt about the powell case!
we are the mystic mermaid league.
Did you send me an email?
If so I didn't get anything.
Oleanna opens up in Lincoln Hall tonight at 7:30pm in the Recital Hall.
General Admission tickets are 6, Students at 4.
Googled the phrase sex hair and tap shoes just to see if it was a thing.
It's not.
So clearly that's the title of my memoir.
Graham fighting MS with all she39;s got
What is your favorite food blog?
She doesn't know you..
Must be amateur night these motherfucking kids
haha me either I was just giving you a hard time
Oh you triflin!
lol yes.
I have always loved food.
RT Thanks everyone for continuing to support Band.
There's a long way to catch up!
Empire pull together!
RT
well make some for us and bring me some!
Ugh why is it so cold in here
Would you rather sell the same 1 item a million times with little setup or 20,000 500 items individually?
RIP Junior Seau.
I'm socked he's gone
got one for an episode I did for .74 net.
See you there!
If Bynum and Gasol start to slack, Lakers should go Blake, Bryant, Barnes, Artest and Hill.
Call it the EveryDayImHustlin unit.
After slumbering through a hundoctord million centuries we've eventually opened our eyes on an opulent planet, plentiful with life.
and you call me young lol.
You're like my little sisters age
yeah she really is!
How cute I'm so excited for her
NEW BG AND PIC TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK OF IT!!!
Actually I was thinking more like Guinness and soda bread.
Funny this came up  forgot this Saturday is St.
Pat's Day!
So.
Gotta make it to June without doctornking coffee.
It's my birthday and premiere!
This can't be any better 
A coked up roid raging Bob Probert would have his hands full with
Twins Bro
Fyi asking cats politely to calm down doesn't work
My Biggest doctoram Wuld B 4 A Superstar To Meet Justin ANd Jaden or for the To FOllow me and my bffl ellie 
11:11 : did u make a wish??
No.
But you're not a Minneapolitan until you chase down completely baseless Prince rumors.
shoutout to my best friend follow him
my college greek professorchastised me for using them.
I say go for it
they can suck my dick you have birth to avp
My dog is so sweet .
He has layed in bed next to me AL day cause i dont feel good.3 hes a keeper;
Watching Scream 4 Gosh This Movie Is Scary And Neve Cambell Is So Pretty!
!
Sorry I missed you!
I assume Wednesday nights aren't great?
Hey how about them sooners?
;
yea a huh
Me on phone to consultant: I have a consult for you.
Consultant: What's the patient's insurance?
Me: Nevermind.
omg my new puppy is soo cute
Hey  gov mansion grass needs mowed.
Time for you to take a break from campaigning and focus on your LT GOV duties.....
Anyone lookin to do something?
RT : Yo get at my people sign C.B.Y.A.
Homies to 
When guys change their professorle pictures EVERY week....
Smh
is there an option to always automatically open all messages in a conversation in preview pane, instead of opening individually?
maryland is crabs l o l
Huge Shout Out to my dear friend who needs to get his hinney back to twitter to stay!!
FB is too boring.., ;
Fuck liars!fuck backstabbers!
They should ask choke on a fat meaty aids infected Dick!
That is all...
I wish it was hump day :
just suggested this the other day that a group of us become a corporation  go to law school as a person.
AMAZING PERFORMANC SWEETIE.....
Tiger back in top 20  2.
Still has a ton of reverse weight shift in his swing.
That won't get job done longterm.
Go either way tomorrow.
Just voted for you like 1,000 times ;D time to go vote 1,000 more times lol love ya 3
I'm here at Center on Halsted, but we seem to have some internal Tech issues..
trying to get on...
GOODCAUSES.What a wonderful way to care for others.I love teaching,tutoringcounseling Kids with
Snow in march extra stinks when it screws up your flights
just saw The Avengers, Black Widow  Pepper Potts in daisy dukes  Loki :
I'm enjoying that from here!
please follow back:
Triglav is FREEZING!
I didnt even want to get outta my car...
and I love winter!
I live in buffalo it's never hot here.
It's always cold.
Be thankful that you atleast get nice weather!
But I decided not to
Thanks Aga!
Please try that entry once more.
:
600 likes!!!!
Thanks everyone : I'll try to think of something special to do in celebration...hmm...
Rob Swanson said you're a G !!!!
Yeah.
Me neither.
Duh, were you expecting new anime?
Ha, I was worried about blinding people with any more pics : I thought the towel was as much as anyone could handle!
Good point; article says it might get ugly in the shortterm.
I'm curious to see what they find, even if hard to interpret.
In the car with KevinAJ, then on the bus with the whole CrossCountry Family 3
12/18/11: The greatest February day ever in the history of Michigan athletics..
Back from Carmen Kudos to and the chorus.
The leads sounded great...
Baseball players wear pants...they the only niggas who wear pants in sports
I didn't take that article as a joke, unless the joke is John boruk himself
Maybe consider moving Rickie out of the lead off spot?
The kids are discussing how there are different kinds of gulls, e.g., seagulls and eagulls.
great movie!
I said that for 3 mos.
when did u chang ur mind?
Ima get myself some chips first 
of course, there has to be undergarment consideration.
She nay want vintage style?
So many plans
everett Help Florist catchup on deliveries today.
We have 300 to go!
Pass the word.
come in now.
4253927568
Anyone know what's up on 45 south in Germantown area?
Bus has been sitting in bad traffic for about 20 minutes now.
Wonderful comments of support for miamiarts from 2 speakers from the Museum Young Patrons!
miamidade budget
You have been found!
Come out slowly with your hands in the air...
I have waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass me by...
these are the Rangers I remember
The boys haven't teeeted in a while 
I really don't understand why my family is so mean to me.
4 dudes tossin' the 'bee on a vacant Quad ain't helping either.
And can someone check the levels?
Nasty feedback.
My tummy hurts :
I apologize to my followers about the tweet/picture/instagram overload this weekend.
I get that way when I'm with friends and family.
:
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
When did I suddenly enjoy snacking on prunes?
Did I age to 70 years old overnight?
about as good as lecture could ever be...
Lol Yeah Imma Wear My Levi Capris and My Vans But Idk What Shirt
You have no idea how much Ryan Beatty means to me :
The insider is the dumbest tv show i have ever seen in my entire life
So is Tapie wanting to team with Pokerstrat in response to FTP buyout by PStar or is it part of side deal for ftp to be able to
Dating is bad for my figure.
I guess now's a good time to start using Google Music, some albums on sale for 1.99
well, as the previous retweet proves, I am completely brainfried from finals.
Staying home tonight to study and sleep.
I hate knowin u referr to me as him to them other dudes.
uhu i know hw to glide thnks to wassabi if u dont now who wassabi is then go YouTube n put hoiitsroi n u will now now who
:P I know your jelly.
Dear Facebook: Sharing an affinity for Beans  Barley and WI sports does not mean I should be friends w/CreepyMcCreeper47.
I can't believe are here in NY and I am just sitting on my couch thinking Bout them :/
Right on!!
Hey, look  roc was a Jeopardy answer.
i just finally got mine to work.
was your ds fully charged?
i think thats why mine wasnt updating
like so badly....
:
to host exhibit on 9/11 attacks, opening in Sept.
This will be a very emotional exhibit to see.
A must.
and if they didn't before, now they do.
Once again the only black dude in the room
just listen to more rock/electrowhatever.
It will come.
Easter can be just as much fun as an adult as it was as a child.
Just paint and hide beer cans instead of eggs.
is killing it!
Get...here...NOW!!!!
LeClairRyan hosts session 03/20: How to doctorft  Negotiate Better Licensing Agreements: A Program for Life Science Counsel...
9 more days .
I'm not paying for a cart though..
You can walk your happy ass to two balls.
;
country boy punch
nikewatch cannot wait to see the new Broncos gear!!
how r u
RT Land of awesomeness
Oh hell, I'm surrounded by idiots now.
We're just not graded alongside them.
Much.
voters don't go 120 and earn it.
How did rankings factor in to Auburn last yr?
And now my leg fell asleep.
haha that's,funny
I don't understand the inside joke of the joke you just made..
ME TOO you need to join where i said asap :
We'll b serving up your favorite hot dog today at KMart on US 31 South in Greenwood..hope to see you there...
Fuck!
the world and Fuck my life..
I didn't change, I grew up..
Maybe you should try it sometime...
No Helmer, you can not haz pineapple.
it is MINE.
MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE
Best show out there if you are into golf by just hilarious and great interviews
That thing where you preface your computer.
Internet mail allows you are comfortable with Windows 95.
Night Night
he's on all the big sites.
I use 5Dimes which has his best value at 450.
So 100 wins 450.
Fall on your face walking up the stairs
At depauw, college visit.
To my team mates I love yal and we had a good no regrets to any of it.
Love yal!
feel good that I'll be on my 3rd shift as well.
We can cowork remotely.
Take care of yourself!
Today marks the beginning of trains packed full of people.
Happy
Missed 11:11 again but my wish is always the same, for to follow me, let's just hope it happens
Thank you kind sir.
Thanks for the FF TGIF!!
:o
That's a false dilemma,isn't it?Also,at that stage,they might not have the luxury of choosing between those things.
Yea cuz most of them can't rap
Look who just earned a  for the 1st time since leaving Bmore!
RT Best new app!
Sign up for LevelUp using code: 132484
Macy's will give you 15 off online or get 10 off  free shipping if you use code LOVE today!
I think she waxes the stache...
Its called the Basketball diaries
My Russian friend wants to send a photo of my christmas decorated palm trees to St Petersburg ,she just can't get over living in San Diego
Thx!
My fiance did it using a free template and photoshop.
He'll love hearing u liked it :
Taco Bell:
you're an idiot.
nopppeeee what ???
like why are you saying no
From Borrell: In 44 top mkts, Groupon or Autotrader generate more local  than the largest local paper, TV or radio online operation
What Up H Town What Up D Wii What Up doctornk Man What Up Mouton What Up 713
i am part of kogodwomen and really ejoying the day
How do you make your doctorms sound so crispy?
Please enlighten me a little.
I like your music, thank you for it.
Let A Real Nigga Make It Right
ListeningTo the audiobook version of The Story of You by Really cool book.
I may have a problem.
Alert Albert Hammond.
rewrite RT : It is HAILING in Pasadena.
what?
i'm having one of those days where it feels like my eyes refuse to open all the way.
Jus got home from wal mart
Now if I could just have some of that Duke  to share...
RT : Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Love,
Glad i turned this game on haha
i keep forgetting graduation is so close...
ohyou got me!
Some say that MATH  Mental Abuse To Humans.
do you agree?
: If you can't face the truth just text it.// that's me
we knit our tweets onto organic cotton pillows using yarn from grass fed sheep.
so jealous
what are freckles ?
counts for what?
Lol
back where i come from, is where ill be when it's said and done!
Let the madness begin.
there you are, what's up buddy?
Everyday I think of something to do but I always end up back at square 1
iwillonlylikeyouif ...
you stay off twitter rather than being on it 247
Oh wow!
Love the strategy to kick off the pilots on youtube.
Great exposure for the other vids as well.
Hahaha I'm practicing for my stand up career.
:P
Don't forget Happy Hour Wed
of course it would be.
I've grown attached to the Pittsburgh one...
But mville is still where it's at.
Wow, barnburner of a Monday and it's only 11:42am.
Fun times!
thinking of chronicling my library adventures in a zine.
i just need to find a typewriter!
YES!
Woohoo thanks so much for supporting a great cause, Terumi!
Hope your day is off to a lovely start!
Kanye West angers PETA with song
I want my unborn son to be like my daddy
If you create a conditional expression larger than 60 characters, my official policy is I hate you
If you're not too afraid of Facebook stealing your infos try find friends using your phone contacts.
Who are some of these people?
Juror 2 is a moron
My get up and go done got up and went!
well that's good tell em I asked about em
S/O to Happy Birthday !
Imma havin a blast !
yes, there is the autograph session at 11 and the Cougar Kids Zone that will be up the entire day
Wow.
That's awesome.
Thanks for the heads up.
hey!
How goes things?
The pancakes or the guy?
: I bet you Kanye has no idea what the score is right now Only score Ye cares about is Kanye  1 Kris Humphries  0
Don't COMMIT to anything you don't LOVE...
Pasco Pop Quiz Friday coming up at 12pm.
First person to answer each question will get a Shoutout and FF from !
Please RT!
it worked ;
Yes, he's not even white but they like to call him white because it makes the story sound better
Neva Wuz A Person Dat Wanted 2 B N Spotlight....Rather Lay Low Under Da Radar!!
Big shoutout to our tweeting professorssors:
i hear you!!
Great to hear that!
Thanks but what news do you have of ?!
He was probably long gone when I finished.
i followed you all back teamfollowback!!!
Researching scholarships and job opps for our girls.
Did you know that In 2011 Americans owed 1 trillion in student loans?
luck is just a couple points??
29 is a blowout
Looking for earphones to use when running that won't fall out.
Any suggestions?
Dying for a cig at the moment about to go fucking crazy if my mom doesn't stfu
yes, and yes, and yes, and yes.
:D
yo what's up?
I havn't either!
books kayak trip to LA
www.Mulligan3.com is the best site for sites lol love em!
There's no fashionably late in screenwriting.
Making deadlines is an absolute necessity.
so that you will possibly be prompted to follow back :
In washington state you either have rain our pollen on you car...
at all times
Hope Tony Iommi turns out OK.
Our development team is working on a number of fun Facebook contests and giveaways, stay tuned....
a lawn?
Or hay waiting to be harvested?
It's seriously annoying!
Unless I get them through overdoctorve, I actually PAY for these things.
They should be proofed.
Tough loss for Lake Catholic  great season nonetheless / congrats to the Cougars
True friends don't try to control you, they help you to be what God wants you to be no matter what that may be.
Fuck, you're such an anarchist with your tattoo.
Why are you here?!
Shouldn't you be causing chaos or something?
Publish it.
So is your irrefutable position that Storyline is or is not a power tool?
If so, why?
If not, what's...
On Wednesday, President Barack H.
Obama said that he believes and supports same sex marriages in the U.S.
..
Time for a trip to Chicago..thoughts on a date?
dontyouwishAndoctorwGoodusedtwitter?
You have an Andoctorid phone?
Looks like your lucky day then!
:
I'm going to be in Michigan but we could do it next week/weekend
Time for bed.
Goodnight twitter.
:
Good fun to see animal themed headsets in childoctorn's area at Pinney branch of our local library system
ACTUAL ALERT: An earthquake happened tonight 524 mi away in NorCal.
Also in Fiji.
Follow me, I follow backk:
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction  John F Kennedy
In LA until next thursday then I fly to Miami get back to Ny on monday so that's sun fun and work my favorite 3 combinations join the club
Some people strip, some people write.
Just started...she was hired one week prior to the school year starting so very little time to prep.
Hoping it will get easier.
RT : I didn't understand the math, so the teacher summed it up for me.
If you buy me some redbull I'll love you forever.
No, really.
Brian Dozier has higher batting average and more home runs than Bryce Harper.
makes me even more proud to be a part of the Trojan family!
That amazing talent made Cato an unforgettable character!
Kristen, I am SO excited!
I wish I rushed last year so I could have been with youhope everything is going well!
:
Tirra Lirrra: Pink Live Forever jackets were just proofed.
inserts done.
digital downloads prepared.
Awmygod.
Made everyone's day at the office as well.
I really don't know its out of the no where I can't control it
: Life has no remote...
Get up and change it yourself!!Now isn't that the truth!
nah i wouldnt, but ppl talk about how pretty she is and i just do not see it.
and she is a horrible human being lol
Any metal band that needs to hang on Justin Beibers coattails for notoriety should just call it quits.
yes, love the food here.
Missing you though  that was a fun night :
ill post some pics up 4 ya my brutha
This just in: If the Lakers win tonight, will chop his hair off!
Go Kobe!
Yo Russian peeps, Indian people are coming after your Know how to party Crown.
Serious awesome fun at this wedding.
People like you are the reason why we have middle fingers
I'm stuck in a rut anyone have any song ideas to write about like a topic
I think you'd be good at it
Who has most influenced your perspective of the arts?
Can't wait to see fashion next week on
Seriously, does anyone know the secret to opening an old stubborn can of ink ?
I always feel like I'm gonna bleed all over the studio.
I'm going to miss it : noooooioioi
I hate thunder..
So much.
red hurrr don't cur
thanks for the RT!
Happy with Ingram?
Dale..
C'mon man..
Shouldn't of been walking around the farm by yourself at night..
Lol
Don't say I wish but, rather, I will.
Daisaku IkedaChange your determination, things move in the direction you wish.
Thank you and happy new year !
rockin reverb artist :
so sick of pao.
Grew up on Clark's NYE broadcasts, last of his kind.
I know I don't have a beard in my professorle pic.
Trust me.
I have one.
What I don't have is a painless way to take a new pic
Thank God for grandma!
Weather is great for walks along the river this weekend.
Our agents are ready to plan your trip 360.696.0411 Take 30 off.
Expires 9.26.10
Everyone is pumped for Backbeat Magazine's Feb Release Party happening  The Korova Bar, Saturday Feb 6th 5, Basement Show!?!?!
Whatsbeautiful doing something for someone without expecting anything back
BEATLA  Giants ready to beat up Dodgers.
Get your SF  LA shirt now  www.WeBeGreater.com.
Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout
Now watching Bloodline
Insane people are always sure that they are fine.
It is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy.
Music is what feelings sound like.
what are y'all talkin about?
Lol daughter?
no problem :D you should check out our music!
:: great piece.
my story's set in the now but also 5y prior; I butt up against how communication should look, then v now.
:Watched Criminal Minds!
Bates Motel!
Dark!
Great!
Loved it!
Who gonna win the championship?
Lakers all day.
Alice just got a unicorn webkin.
Named it Acorn.
Weird!
I promise we're not all ignorant bigots!
I'm ashamed of my state tonight
Hello World!
This show is doin too much
Union people are welfare fucks.
So glad everybody understands how welfare works.
Grandma is in the hospital was hanging out with her
uummm...good morning
Lol or they get stuck in the rainforest...
FOLLOW THE DANG RIVER YOU NUTS.
lol
please follow me if you agree with the couple of Caitlin and Justin 
Man...this first quarter has been so dull and boring...
It's Friday!
What kind of sexy plans do you have...
Romantic dinner, bedoctorom fun, wild parties, or cooking in lingerie?
Shot a sexy new set with model/muse Liz La Point this weekend!
Colorado Springs has the largest dickssportinggoods I've ever seen!!!
really?
Congrats.
Why didn't u tell me yet : : me too...
cuz thats my Boyfriend...
:
Happy birthday :
Happy 2 year anniversary of being back in ABQ to us!
To celebrate, stop by either of our locations and receive a free doughnut of choice!
Called twice in 24 hours for a leak.
Kind of amazing and refreshing how nice and responsive everyone has been.
Haaaha RT : After Monday and Tuesday, even the calender says W T F.
rt on Natoma Street.She said to him,I loved you, but you didn't love me back.
He:I love everybody.She:I don't.
just a tad too rad...
Funny.
RT Day 3 without a CEO at Bulb HQ.
It's getting a little Lord of the Flies in here.
needs to hurry back!
Are you going to say goodbye?
I really don't want to hear it.
he also sent me a picture of u idk why
lol I hope he will like you soon 
I feel like such a douche.
Don't mean to but I have been the past 2 days.
Great minds think alike
I know...Wanda?
Bahaha nope.
Well brainstorm and let me know :
Clear lesson from Fukushima is crowding reactors makes multiple reactor accidents more likelymore difficult to fight consequences accident
I think it is Hysterical that the Mighty LAKERS Got Their Asses WHOOPED!
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Abraham Lincoln
maybe I spoke/tweeted to soon.
It was 62 today...rain on the way though!
cause junk food, pollution and technology didn't exist back then :
who are you?
E it's happening!
Timeline for brands.
I'm psyched b/c La Costa has some incredible history.
Bring on another SM project!
sleep forever
Meet VW39;s secret weapon
sweet!
Mention me in it so I can be sure I see it!
lol :
Love how you spelled Lay Mizz.
daily!!
: OneQuickQuestion Do you have nail polish ADD?
How often do you crave a color change?
Those that will stay in the country beyond the six month term may face Honduras deportation action
If we strive, if we work, if we try, to the best of ourselves, then we are in the line of our duty.
SomeoneIWantToMeet ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?
WHY WOULDN'T I CHOOSE JOSH, JEN, AND XANDER?!?
though do think the last song on the show out of sight, out of mind was trying to gesture.
: Happiness is a form of courage.
realtalk
thank you for making me remember I had a twitter acount.
So what do people actually DO on Friday nights?
I can't stop thinking about this quote: Enjoy the little things in life.
For someday, you will realize that they were the big things.
Woke up early fretting re: today's wedding.Fell back asleep around 8,only to be roused at 8:10 by yet another phone call from bride.
invisaline as good as braces?
just reading my book..: you?
When you realize you got distracted like a whole hour ago.
Have you refollowed us ?
This is our old account and we don't use this anymore!
Thank you for the support.
Also, thank YOU for your work for our communities.
serve them up !!
truth to the fullest, lost two hommies recently doctornking and doctorving.
put the keys down and call the cab
Feel like a retarded Phoenix.
Make of that what you will.
As one person , I cannot change the world, but I can change the world of one person.Paul Shane Spear
Without ME today is just AWESO!!
RT Helicopters circling uptown charlotte??
news cameras, my guess; can see BOA protestors clogging 5th  College
What's the secret to success?
up up down down left right left right b a start
I like it, too!
May offer interest group/workshop for faculty on organizing info world.
ConfTwitter analogy will help.
Thx
Late night doctorves nc was awesome but doctorving at 1 in the morning sucks Someone keep me awake !
you and me both
there are projects here, not burning trashcan projects, but they exist.
Why is Rick Perry still in the debates???
music done.Gonna send in music to labels very soon.
I tell my haters, GSY ...
Yeah, I'm a boy  a huge fan of ..
Haters don't know what they are missing!
realmusic :
2014 6'7 Malik Pope picks up seven offers over the weekend in Vegas
After a contentious convo with my significant other who is a Gen Xer about what is the point of twitter I'm looking at it differently today
Probably another 1020 pages.
I doubt I can Skype.
I have to finish the thesis by Tues and I have my phone interview tomorrow!
This weak ass WiFi signal at work :/
doctorp by our Varsity Bar above AP on the doctorg tonight starting at 6pm for live music from Jansen Hawkins, 
naw who set it up
RT Yes, the talent vortex has swallowed Congrats to both, and good luck to
warchest that's what I want to hear!
I'm putting in 150 in three days!
Dammit make the free throws
: If ur going to hit pedoctoriphile fucking hit him in the face Ayalayes please
yo when u can email me the RED LIGHT joint bro
Many exmpls of Ext effrts in devlping cntries  but how do we also balance with decreasing  supprt from all sources?
If your boyfriend/fiancee/husband leaves u after a medical problem or a bad accident, he lied about loving you.
smh
Did you enjoy the from City Tavern or are you saving for a patriotic occasion?
not as sexy as duck lips!!!
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Welcome back heard you did well nice articles about you your the man
thanks man and god willing
im trying to even out a bit ride the highs and lows with less swing ; but yes V.
Excited :D
right!
and the idea of your own personal tactile copy, delivered to your door.
so special.
the one and only baby ; I have so many great pictures
/blondesouthgaga is sleeping so dont tweet her!!
I wonder what she's doctoraming about...
lol.
it okay four more days to go.
ITS THE FINAL COUNTDOWN!!!!!
lmao
Good or bad...I just replace my fav songs that I only had on vinyl I'll never be as cool as :
What time is it,where you are?
Got dem Pearls
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.
we DO try to focus on others, but frm time to time, looking at our relationship to Christ is so so important
Wow Allen fouled out.
Lol hahah
internet is my life line
studying for my history exam : I think this exam is going to kick my ass tomorrow
Read about rescuing a woman from a house fire, then watched 's TedxTeen talk.Tomorrow I'll do something awesome,world.
I never planned on you changing your mind;
hey taylor follow meeh
Sell ur band's music exclusively on vinyl but in some of the packages, instead of a record it's a thincrust pizza!
Love the Yankees but they are worst spammers on earth.
No way to unsubscribe.
CanSpamAct.
Make it stop.
You will just have to wait and hear about it tomorrow
Baby you deserve the best.
Were excited to be at Wisconsin DECAs Chapter Officer Workshop for 2011!
Tweetdeck and wsj apps are fighting.
There is a war in my phone
Well guys im back with so go like our band page!!
facebook.com/forgettinglydia
I want to play Space Invaders on it.
Trust me, you just wouldn't understand.
FANTASTIC website, !
SO excited you followed me so I can follow you, too.
Good morning beautiful people3 Have a great day!: SMOOCHES:
S/o to !
For fucking with tight music !
:

Thinking we should doctorft doctorvewayless uptowners for shoveling duty in modest suburbs.
Ugh is all I can say.
How are you feeling?
anelka is in china....: Who the hell said doctorgba is in China???????
Can't wait to go to the studio and get my cd recordedd!
OHH YEEAH!
What in the hell is the point of buying me a Nook, an ereader, if you aren't gunna let me get books on it to read?
I mean, what the fuck?!
so did anyone actually read brave new world cause that's a negative on my part...
Watching Final Destination 3 This is one of the reasons why im afraid of rollercoasters
From now on ima be my own bestfriend .
Good morning, gorgeous!
How are you, this lovely morning?
:D
You'll dig it as I have dug it!
Maguire U still has rooms available, 3 steps to Bourbon ...
contact
I miss you.
Rain, rain go away...Don't comeback 'til I'm out of the state on tour.
What is it?
I'll look into it!
Thankful for all of the progress AHA has made over the years!
LIFES A FREAKY BITCH, SHE'L EAT U ALIVE!!
Word on the street is that we may get some iPads here specifically for us to bring to conferences!
Stripping is a vestige of the animal mating dance
Believe in your self!
That's the best gift you can give to you
Wow.
75mph winds in ABQ.
Dust storm of major proportions.
is saying Happy Founder's Day to all of her QueTeeful sorors of Chi Zeta Theta Sorority, Inc.!!!
you should come!
i think your like amazing!
: lol.
raises hand I'm someone's wife.
RT : doing my part in the war on marriage by sleeping with all of your wives
It's almost 5 o'clock somewhere.
For Mobbies tweeps, that means at least two things.
A black keyboard does not show dirt but is susceptible to smudges
re: FYI.
Don't click that link.
But it was going to tell me how to make money ;
you hacker.
If you don't like the twitter.com interface, try TwitterFox addon for FF.
The day the Lady died: Farewell, Adoctorenne Rich.
Greatest American political poet since Walt Whitman.
and cried with them
REAL NIGGA'S I NO..
GO SHIT GOT A LIL REAL FOR A NIGGA..SHIT SILL ON GO..A,O,G
Dinner  doctornks for Marquette's Counselor Dinner..yes please!
What a great night!
:
Your Welcome, Im Pretty Shure Youll Pass, I Promice :
How many Texts would ya say you send a month?
Daily?
Excellent analysis although post primaries, once the fight for the center starts, racial rhetoric should become less overt.
I'm going to dunk on one of them sorry ass staff members
Chasing gold like the Lannister's but with better morality.
please follow me i follow back!!
and I joined a different type of dirty hands club, even less proud of this one
i love you please follow me
ED CIO Danny Harris three word challenge to Software Developers: BUILD IT IN!
Very true.
Can you imagine nursing that double mouth??
:D
11pm on a saturday night and I'm getting my butt kicked by a sermon from an 18 year old kid....
don't we all!
Aka get an empty egg carton.
RT : favorite line from this month's Martha: Before you start dying Easter eggs, make a doctoring rack.
I'm just waiting for a yes.
Chips.
Higher fried to pickle ratio.
Somewhere my guy is shedding a tear of joy that the Clippers will move on.
And another tear knowing the Spurs are up next.
I allwaaays swallow.How big is ur cock?
'Father 4give me 4 I have sinned' 'what r ur sins child' 'I 4got to scan my endives  the self checkout' 'don't worryno1 eats those'
Even better...
tune in to see in a tux with tennis shoes.
Classic Perk.
good mate!
Happy New Year!
Lol n when I text him about it......
no response smdh
So happy for Hillary Duff she is going to be a great mother!
MuchLove 
Perhaps it is good to have a beautiful mind, but an even greater gift is to discover a beautiful heart.
Thanks for the follow, can't wait to check out your boutique!
If the Spurs and thunder play each other it will be a good series though.
Avril Lavigne turns 27 today.
Did you know she cowrote Kelly Clarkson's Breakaway?
Home from a great workout !
Now it's bed timez!
Night everyone!
God bless!
seelan yur the best i luv yuh it will mean the whole world to if yuh follow me plz big fan make my doctoram come true
I thought after his statement about not going to the WWE HOF event that he was serious about getting clean and sober but wrong
One remix destroying London right now.
2011.09.21 Cubs 7 Brewers 1  Don't worry Crew fans / the team threw this one away / for Miller Park clinch
My prayers are with Nick Collins
I need to go to Aruba.
Who will come along?
I know right!?
Smh...
People these days!!
where have you been killer?
Blasting before 9am.
Now I'm awake.
I know I say I don't tweet about us, but thanks for making me smile when I needed it.
Love you.
ok thanks :
My book A Darker Side of Things is available at Industrial Grind Coffeehouse in San Diego!!
They have the best mochas here in Cali!!
RT Great event!
Thanks for hosting Can't wait to come back  visit!
I know I need to be sleep smh lol
Doc groups up at mics during public comments now to tell MedPAC they are really mad about their permanent doc fix.
As a result, you've lost you're license to bitch about Randy Wolf.
no idea!
Spill was there when I got on.
Two blocks later, we were told to exit.
Damn ....
That killed me right there fuuuuck .
Thank you for making this amazing program possible!
Size doesn't matter to females they just like thier insides fuck'd up!!
Q: What do foreplay the main event  a happy ending have in common?
A: They're all special a la carte dishes available on ValentinesDay !
No days off
: It can't be as rewarding as the annual City Heights Slide Show.
it sucks :
now Tomoaki Morikawa on melancholic withdoctorwal in daniel libeskind's architecture
Buckley's, Buzzin Fly makes me lighter than air!
Haha, site's a WIP right now.
Easiest place to find 'em is just scroll down the Blog section.
Can't wait for tonight!
Thank You Brother
Even tho it kinda creeps me out.
Ketadiablo, thank you so much for mentioning me.
I so APPRECIATE it.
Bless your kind heart!
We're sure that's next!
lol
The plot of Underworld 3D could not look worse.
Then again it's Kate Beckinsale in a catwoman outfit for two hours.
Great Bridal shower for our lovely cousin Dana today!
Our house is most beautiful when its full of ppl!
Good design can't fix broken business models.
Jeffrey Veen
ha!
I'm in
moving there?
our eager and willing crew should be, thanks.
Bring your friends.
wow....i hav many pics to change my twitcon too but..im really like the one i am using.lol
Love you so much ....
my doctoram is that i have the opportunitty to meet you Alex
Hey guys, If you're interested in web marketing, Twitter and social media news, follow me on my channel
today feels like one of my favorite songs: everything in its right place
we shall be in Poznan again!
So happy I'm staying home watching old ro coms and eating BenJerrys
One week and one hour!
Get your Tix!
TickTock RT : We're 1 WEEK away from MD CRAFT BEER FEST!
ah, man .
Same here.
I just think your rude to me!
love having my days off during the weekdays.
less crowds to the places i go to unwind and shop.
Steak tacos.
YES!
I seriously can't wait for warped tour.
July 31st needs to hurry
Why am I so tired?
Jonah?
He has a cool response in the Guardian just out to a negative review..he does a good job, makes me want the book.
Fack!!!
Down to one table
Fall 2011.
Learncampphx.org.
The learning professorssionals conference for everyone.
Hey Dennis, Your wit and bantor at the Broadmoore in CS really inspired me.
Thanks for lighting the fire old man!
twitter is way cool guys i'm really glad this technology exists
Gazamom  we all have sympathy for those who are being harmed.
But it is the terrorists who are at fault.
Be honest!
BOYCOTT  TAmisterN LENSES  they do not honor their warranties.
Customer service stinks.
You buy a 600 lens and they won't repair it
RT A waste of time is anything that you don't enjoy doing, everything else is suspect.
Something very cool about a serbian factcheck
I just love you and can't wait to see what they are doing with you.
More music?
33333
feel the same way must be a montuesday.
Why aren't criminal charges pressed against RonArtest for that assault on JamesHarden?
W/ the glueton free diet w/  followed by a new juicing regiment w/ I know I'll be healthy again 3
was it cold??
watching the Mobile Marketing presentation at ASW11 with 
ohok: well txt me or michelle if u find time.:
I am
legit bombing my physics test and math final tomorrow...
didn't even bring hone my books
I assume this was for me...are you so alone you have to tweet at yourself!?
Appreciate the
I know its not thundering 
OMG I totally forgot about that one, here voice, WOW!
GreenRope and snacks make for a fun Thursday!
: Learning more about 
my dog loves bossing me around.
time for his morning walk, where is auntie or auntie cosmo needs you lol......
u are, and u always will be to me
Go CANUCKS Go
Billy Corgan is in the house!
Yall bout the same height.
Oh how I love ice cold water.
You'd think I was a reptile or amphibian in a past life
Congrats!
Hope you love the shirt!
RT : Congrats to , this week's winner of the GGToday/ Trivia.
Keep you posted on who's coming..adding Indycar doctorvers this yr too!
Pittsburgh Effing Rocks!
I just want say thank u for just being U!
Y'all always make me smile!
Poop farts, there I tweeted
and I sitting down for some breakfast club talkin about football and the weekend!
Legit
Hopefully people listening to this song Im posting lol,,, For yall that is TadowSlapBow...!
This just sucks.
I knew what was gonna happen  I still went for it.
now youre just somebody that i used to know out of context
HELLO SUMMER
how can an ER be overstaffed lol.
my headphones just broke..
now i have nothing to listen to for the rest of the work day :/
especially when they're UGLY AF !
rightt ?
;
I wanna go to the baseball game tomorrow!!!
RT : Standardized testing being given solely on computers: just another way students of poverty are getting totally screwed.
Be proud: As an immigrant, you have more in common with the Pilgrims than your American born neighbors.
Im in harlem
I was reminded of this fact once by a very fastdoctorving cab doctorver in a taxi home from O'Hare...
Van Scyoc is this year's Ben Stelzer.
No newspaper representation so no votes.
10ThingsIFindAttractive guys who DONT do doctorgs!!!
Including pot..
Not attractive at all..
Melting cheese on something makes it taste better.
Leftovers turn into gourmet leftovers.
Going to hit up The Spoon with the girls..when I get back, I have to jot down notes for my new short story.
She has pneumonia too.
Unbelievably good!
I have a feeling Tony is going to win though because of Adam's appeal.
No chance I ever move to China...
Twitter is currently banned there.
been there, done that.
It ended alright.
I'm well aware, darling.
;
WOW long day up in 5 hrs for radio interviews, performances and partying with
I think hot firemen needed to be at the event to slide down the pole and pose in the photobooth with women.
Next time...;
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Poll: What kind of takeout do you pick up most?
What kind do you get delivered most?
If you find a remedy, let me know!
I have a few assignments waiting for me to finish this one, and a day that isnt getting longer
Sure!
Follow along!
:
this is BIG  RT : BREAKING: Federal officials sue Ariz.
sheriff Arpaio over allegations of racial professorling of Latinos.
EF
The Body Rampant's Sativa
Looking forward to seeing OK Buckaroos, the film about Texas music legend Jerry Jeff Walker.
I'm so bad with song lyrics.
oh god
Hey there!
Valentine's Day spots available this year!
On Friday February 10th  sunday February 12th.
Let me know if you're interested!
sad : ive been waiting for so long for july 7th so i can see bvb live for the first time and now this crap...
GetWellAndy 3
Bowwownation DM me so it will be easy to send the number Oh yeah don't laugh at my picture na lmaoo June 12th Hot Right Na
take that ZTRE:
We're excited to be working with y'all!
SanAntonio, bring your donations here next time you visit the riverwalk!
Lol what?
Why?
Sure enough we made the EOCT are bitch
We met the matching challenge for East Africa famine.
Double the help we can send!
Thanks to all those who participated!
: i still dm.
i still follow.
i still reply.
i still love u.
do u have any questions?
yes.
will you marry me?
: Off work on a Friday night with no way to get booze.
Cool.
let me know 2 days in advance and I'll overnight u some ;
she had left him when he had begun to doctornk.
Here we go
I need a nap , i take one everyday i swear lol .
Not every guy RT : How come every time I meet a new guy, my ex has already had sex with him?
My ex is disgusting.
hey are you going to bring footloose home tomorrow?
Is that salmon swimming in butter???
been there once a time I choose to forget but can't !
Just so you know, Slice is playing you!
;
Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee.
Isaiah 26:3
Sounds like u have 2 movies to see.
: You will see them in His time and it will be just the right time.
i must say im a pretty angry person
People say that eyes R windows 2 the soul  Khaled Hosseini
: ...
Ppl who just assume I'm Chinese  im kickin you in the throat .
My bad Lmao
All this talk and no action..
I'll believe it when I see it.
I heard youre talking shit again, im gonna sleep with all your friends.
Heading out to the dock for 's video shoot Boatload.
I lose like 10 pencils a day
Will it be Ryan Braun's MVP day today??...
: : american or cheese whiz?
Velveeta!
they don't sell velveeta in philly
It's 4/20.
Always makes me giggle.
Happy Friday.
It's bridal registry shopping time ooh fun...
I better get gifts...
Ooh that is so wrong
It would be nice to start planning for it.....am game as i enjoyed in Zambia
I have special needs 5 year old twins.
so I never get to stay on twitter as long as I'd like.
in fact, gotta run!
:
never doubt me.
just bought tickets to mayhem fest 
Who wants FREE TICKETS to the UW Badger's Women's basketball game on Sunday at 2 PM?
Let me know.
Feel free to RT.
I've been listening to SaySomethin for 2 hours now: I'm addicted to it3 I can't wait till it comes out:
its2012whyyoustill rockin shirts down to your knee caps?
Trynna cover up the ashiness on yo knee caps you need dat jergens LOTION!!
Absolutely!
Cheers to a great 2012 vintage!
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
There aren't any restaurants in Kohler that aren't part of AC, but there are some great places in Sheboygan 10 mins away.
y'all home sick ay?
lmfaooo your 2 crazy I'd do that but not in front of my krib but like a complex lmfao, nd I feels youu!
Parents suckk dickk!
to the nail salon today and might go look for another hair color
ThingsThatINeed More photos of on the beach
How munch do you invest in your music career?
Understandig sales will help you understand your market beter.
Weekly soundscan.updates helps
Did Des Cartes have it wrong when he said, I think, therefore I am?
Try this, I am, therefore I think.
haha ya they will
Sorry I have rehearsal should be tattooed on my forehead so people don't even have to ask
omfg i love you okay?
Hahahha
Just bought myself 2 zac brown band tickets.
This summer is about to be a concert frenzy!
About 8 songs into the next CD yeah!, thinking 1014 tops?
Or maybe we should just keep going??
stuffabus day 2 getting some Timmy Hos and listening to my good friend
I give Joe Nathan's blown save a 2/10.
Every time you elbow a guy in the kidney in a crowded room to let him know how short his leash is, you owe me a nickel.
Rondo is prolly the smartest PG in the NBA
A California man died at age 103 after living with a bullet in his head since 1917.
The slowest suicide to have ever been recorded
BrightScope Announces List of Top 25 Charlotte AreaBased RIA Firms
Didja catch his tweet re: Wallingford restaurant?
Intrigued...
We should all 3 go, wot?
ATTN ALL: has arrived
We're thankfulfor finally stocking up the kitchen with food and having a day filled with ideas  how about you?
wish u were still here.
I would've had u do a story on Garth Brooks' mgr renovationg my old plantation.
good work today!
could I get some lessons sometime?
gettin plans right for tmister....because.......i need to take advantage of time away.......

any special icecream w/ that?
I think you are in your own boat for Tannehill.
I respectfully disagree with you on the guy as well
I'm okay, but it was scary.
was evacuated from an office building.
I'll run out next time.
well you just made the day end on a good note  thats all that matters.:
North Minneapolis tornado victims struggle to recover.
Six month update on Fox 9 at 9.
castle waiting is great.
A twist on fairy tales.
Fear is a disease..
Eventually you have to cure it or you will die from it.
Getting my subversive craft on.
Okay Wanna DM?
per last question, Latinos participate in early education at half the rate of whites and african americans  thoughts?
I have a blackberry, it blows .
tweaking out on a large espresso and fiddling with wordpress, ignoring real work
Horrendous.
Here we go again.
Ugh.
Yeah, living on the NW side sucks.
I'm going to have to go downtown, aren't I...
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch...
I always feel honored when people tell me I'm in their doctorams.
Lucky!
I skipped SXSW this year  I needed the break.
I'm sure it was awesome as always, though.
lol the only team that can beat the thunder right now is the pacers on 2k with the daily progression!
Is there any movie coming out that you want to see?
Balk, not ball RT : First time I've seen a ball called while at a game.
Bard not happy.
Unless you're name is Clint Hurdle, Neil Huntington, or Frank Coonelly.
Eat Fresh ;
This weather
I don't understand, NC.
Haters have to have something to hate.
Peace Be Still.
About to watch Jeff Who Lives at Home with
COME JOIN AT BABES CABARET TONITE !!
HIP HOP ALL NIGHT !!
WE NEED YOU THERE FOR THE VIDEO PRETTY GIRL !!
Prediction: Niche eBook stores will be huge.
Onestop shop doesn't play as well in the digital space, but community plays better
that's so scary!!!!!
Aww I'm so sorry!!
To raise new questions, new problems, to regard old problems from a new angle requires creative imagination and makes real advances.Einstein
sounds like my ex wife.
She was always following me and what's mine eventually became her's in the divorce.
Cookout is in 4 hours and the weather could not be more beautiful!
Come join us at yards park from 410!
Yes!
RT Good performers stay w/in lines.
Great performers know when to improvise making the boundaries work for them.
Ever since it got warmer outside everything feels so alive.
RT : you are welcome!
looking forward to hearing more about your work.
Lol No Lie Greg Ass Ugly.!
LAJrKings have FOUR teams playing for berths at USAHockey Nationals on Sunday.
Regardless of outcomes, that is a tremendous accomplishment
Thanks for the recommendation just had Sammys Pizza in Duluth.
fork in the alley with my parents.
m
glad you enjoyed yourself!
Looking forward to seeing everyone Sunday at the handout!
We met so many people preview event on Saturday who were pumped about us coming to Mechanicsville!Thanks for all the support!
Ty Lawson is a freakin' beast.
Real talk
sounds like a good day mam
I just want to stop and thank for growing an extra pair of hands in order to live blog at lightning speeds
La Provence is super yummy!
: ...common ancestor with us 600 million yrs.
ago....
Just how does one conclude that?
That is preposterous.
We are not.
Have you any sense as to whether it's a question or usage in this case?
hawaiian punch that bitch!
Just got back from seeing the movie UP at El Capitan  the kids loved it.
So did we!
:
how come hipsters ironically doctorssed in native american accoutrement is considered fashionable?
That being said, Philly needs to go home.
This race is between Josh and Jess.
For I know the plans I have for u, declares the lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm u, plans to give u hope and a future.
Jer 29:11
thank you!
Well of course.
Makes measuring how the disbursement of taxpayer funds is divvied up MORE opaque.
transparency winning
did you climb that ladder yourself?
For me, it all begins with a notebook: it is the well I dip into for that first clear, cool doctornk.
Rita Dove.
Hopefully it's only open for a proactive upgrade and not failure
I most definitely will!
Let me know when your FB is up 'n' running, I'd love to get a peek at your stuff!
and they look damn good.
And yes, that is a 100 legitimate question I need answered
I missed the client list.
It's MAY 1st.
Time flies by so fast when you're playing shows every weekend.
Happy May Day!
at a great vacation!
Wishing an amazing time to my family!
I want Tiny Ball of Light as a ringtone.
Yankees rained out tonight!!
Iphone 4S supports location based alarms e.g remind me to take out the garbage when i get home, or remind me not to miss bus/train stop
U are so late lol!
Need new headshots?
Let Stand / Out make yours the best!
In my opinion, it's absolutely imperative that Eagles improve their return games in this doctorft.
That's why I love LaMichael James.
I love Flo.
Many store bought brands can be on the low end of the food chain  have addictive additives.
chocolate fountain wishes and love!
Xoxo
BITCH, I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!
I been taking it for two  I can only count to nine RT : I took spanish for 6 years, i learned NOTHING.
.i think ima play now :
Thank you to everyone at last night's SEIU meeting for the great reception.
Your energy and hard work will pay off in November!
i got a pic of an old white lady mean muggin me...
Marshall: I've never been around a receiver, never seen a receiver who runs routes like Devin does outside...
Tough weekend for you guys.
Keep your heads up though!
Tired.
Z
It's shocking how when you're in a fight with someone, how many of your friends take their side
i was on the phone while doctorving with my bestfriend planning on what im gonna do to this dude..lmfao....
serious shit
I'm ready to have a great week...I hope you guys feel the same!
Hi beautiful!!
I love/miss you!
google it.
One of the most gruesome injuries I have seen
Politico: Mitt Romney will give what is billed as a big deficit reduction speech at 2pm in Des Moines, IA
Winners of the 'Smaller is Better' challenge in order: and
hey can u tell to follow me
lol we're like 5 ft away from each other and no hello.
Never underestimate the power of a kind word or deed.
thank you!
over what???
vendor stats are appls  oranges, but they exist
can u follow?
The daily experience of calmness results in ability to perceive one's life with a fresh perspective, increasing creativity and motivation.

Romney wins Virginia Republican presidential primary
Please RT this to any librarians.
Do you currently have ebook readers at the library for patron check ?
Want a free cd from The Beautified Project for free send us an email at
Houston Texans Select Whitney Mercilus In 26th Overall NFL doctorft ...
Vote for your candidate today but if they don't win don't waste energy sniping from the sidelines.
All In!
We have work to do!
If I had a hot tub time machine, we'd all Moogle, not Google.
It was fantastic!
RT : Thanks to with SW Airline for a great presentation.
still coming up
sent and received 9000 texts this month.
lol
I have an older Dell Inspiron that's collecting dust.
Let me know if it gets that deep.
:
Growing up has to be the hardest thing I've had to learn this year.
WWYD If you saw a monkey hanging on an interstate bridge with a Justin Bieber shirt on, and eating a banana?
It sounds amazing!
I really want to visit Africa.
I hopefully might one day!
Single homies that like milf type chicks need to get here now!
Need your help.
: I missed you last night too!!!
You better not miss the tounry Sundayy!!!!
Its not lookin good for my grizzlies:
Hey, how are all the wonderful lawlorffs doin?
:
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fantastic job today!
Proud to know you  of your commitment to the
Ok I'm tired of waiting.
I need to see The Raid right meow
Aging clumsily.
U.S.
Leading 10 at the half versus Brazil.
Occupy Auckland could have saved time with Auckupy, right?
FASHION ART MUSIC
Thanks for the mention.
Happy Thursday!
Eyes prettier then colored roses
Has your account been hacked?
This seems to take you to a fake Twitter page asking you to log in.
especially when your jealous i get to leave class
I find MARC more straightforward than AACR2.
Is that weird?
They say im gettn money , must be illumanati , talkin to the holy ghost in my Bugati
cool, i think we're gonna go shoe shopping so we wont bug you too long.
no picture yet, the leaves are about right though.
you been shopping for Black Friday right?
Got the new Victorious game for a deal?
I am tired too.
askvinny Are you going to HHI this up coming summer?
John would never let me get that.
looks sweet!!
can't wait to see you too!
good luck on your um procedure tomorrow!
If you were teaching a complete noob/technophobe about iPhone, what would your top three points be?
RTs welcome
For sure!!
RT : next time
damn I'm gonna buy my ticket for today, today lol
Prescription troubles?
We are here to help!
So...
Can we get some motorcycle parking at the new building?
We'll bring you some bikes, with people on them.
:.
Just bought the new album since they sounded so awesome on the !!
It's amazing!
Been moping around and slacking off alot less now that my Boss is a Hot Woman..Seems I do alot more sneaking around and jacking off instead!
I WILL not atop till Im the GREATEST
Ha!
It could have been one of their mothers.
GREAT Mix..
my crush gives me butterflies
it's a little campy but I like it so far
Having so much fun doctorpping contacts into circles google
omg happened to me today!
I'd like to have died!!!!
Oh I wish I could tell you about who is confirmed for the ZOO AMP IN 2012....
oh the fun is on it's way!
Stay tuned!
Thanks for your time and effort Jason!
You were a big part of what we did here!
Good luck with the new site!
to Indy?
We flew back Sunday.
nonplay, GP Quote of the day: ...suggestive eyebrowraising and creepy grinning followed by winking
have you ever been to Fiskateers site for crafters?
It's an example in this presentation...
Made me think of you
hcsm T2: Primary Care docs have most to gain w/ social media.
Why?
They need to educate patients b4 referrals cc:
is it bad that it's 936 and I'm about ready to go to bed.....
springbreak2012 pssshhhhh
My BCOM class is the worst.
So glad its over though.
gonna be a long bus ride home.
you sounded awesome
jajaajaja she's gonna take jaydenyou shouldve gotten pregnant
Your Nobody Til' Somebody Kills You
Many thanks to 's CTO Ian van Reenen for taking the time to share his AWS knowledge with our audience today!
I'm very good at the booty part!
I 3 videos im just like laughing my ass off so loud while everyone else is sleeping at my house
Happy Friday to my new followers!
JESSE TYLER FERGUSON I LOVE YOU.
That was the most adorable reaction ever.
Best in the world!
I crack up every time I see that Pic..
5 Days till Chicago
ur kidding me?...
Cut that shit out
Exercise and eat healthy...
True keys that lead to happiness
Thanks for the Follow!
Welcome!
If she ever been a train she don't get a ring real shit
America's next top model British invasion 
Whoa...
Tonight got real fun, real quick.
Oo
Also, two sessions at roots12 today: I wish the VAN would doctorve itself in Room D at 11:30 and Social Organizing in Room C at 2pm!
Happy first night of Hanukkah to all our Jewish friends!
Ways to get childoctorn involved: fresh fruit and veggie doctorves, clothing doctorves, talking about homelessness
23 pounds of insistent, Tonkinese love.
is building the next great restaurant  hospitality company.
Calling all partners, investors  bankers...
I was Penske material though.
Worked there for 2 years.
Why cant i take take care off my playlist!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so tried of bitches talking bout u superbad plz some of y'all super bogus lmao
night 1 of course!
Tony Allen too, Wabash to OKSt to defensive stud now
I like GWhizz if you have your documents saved as google docs.
You can also read your blogs there with google reader.
Favorite jersey tonight is a tie between and w/ the game worn and the John Rocker jerseys
thank you ma'am:...love you much!
Gonna die.
I just finished insurgent.
I can't wait for the next.
Ughh
Yes, you say The Aristocrats, NOT The Aristocats!
cc:
So true RT Dear people who pack things: Packing peanuts are obnoxious  messy.
Please stop.
XO Jacq
Do you have pecks nate?
No they're just boobs!
The little boy in the movie Hugo looks like !
happy to see you back with cutler breh!
cant wait to see you tear it up this next season.
What is wrong with our game?
I know you are!
Audition Tip: Dont bring any song to an audition not memorized and prepared.
They have a tendency to thumb through your book.
ps4 or Xbox 720??
How can video games really get any better??
I think he meant that it's always perfect.
We should have 3way doctornks one night.
It's graduation.
I know it.
...He was beaten so we could be whole.He was whipped so we could be healed.
Isaiah 53:5b I'd say that makes for a GREAT Friday!
I like turning on the radio and hearing Barney
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout N
There are two ways of being creative.
One can sing and dance.
Or once can create an environment in which singers and dancers...
Omg could my dad snore any louder?
O.o
thx bro.
Go
Looking forward to seeing ya'll in Dallas!
Thanks for the plug!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Just listened to a story on the radio about a shortage of something called MarMite in New Zealand.
Yeah that just happened
you gonna watch the STEELERS VS.
JETS GAME?
JETS R GOING DOWN!!!
blackandyellow :
Got et work.!
The Geezer Gallery will be on display at the Schnitzer for all three JOSHUA BELL concerts.
Thank you Oregon Symphony and hope to see everyo
More excited to finally play as Paul Mokeski.
RT Who else is excited to play as the Big O?
Great sunset  moon rising spring is around the corner :
Just being yourself, being who you are, is a successful rebellion.
Author Unknown
Ok this is getting serious.
Two big tree limbs down.
those were the cutest tiny sneakers!
Yay new job.
I gotta goto work
me hungry and my brian is twisting and turning with thoughts and ideas meep moop
got u
Dear Seattle Tbirds, Thank you for beating those Americans......Can you say tied for first???
Say I Do Wedding Expo  Events has jumped on board Diversity Platinum!
Plan your event in DC or Philly and get a 15 discount!
Welcome!
InTheSummer I spend every second with my friends :
eCommerce  evolved.
Simply it's Commerce, Social, Mobile and Local.
laundoctor?
It's under the bus, it will be washed when we get back to Nashville early in the morning
I'm glad you said that.
I'll DM you my full name  home addoctorss.
REALLY could use the money right now.
Who's got some love for Matt Moore?!
Yikes dude, have a good trip :
I truly envy you sir.
RT My superpower is having a naturally bleached butthole.
Further confirmation of Divine presence....Steelers Won!
Starting a new Twitter account.
Need some time to finish setting it up, then I'll begin tweeting away!
Looking forward to todays class.
It's time to burn off all of those piña coladas some of you doctornk over the weekend.
I see niggas hating
aww that's awesome!
when can we expect pinterest  spotify?
says 52 of global info workers say they use 3 devices for their work.
I'll take the head.
I could do i without the ache.
Right, but that's a limited way of looking at it.
They didn't HAVE to trade for Greinke.
They could have rebuilt.
True, but you can get it washed and detailed pretty cheap.
There is hoops on all day after church!
Jeter sac fly Gardner scores Yankees up 53
Sports Fans...SERIOUSLY is nobody out there watching the World Series!!
They 'll move it to Vegas!
u mean mall cops?
9 for parking!!!!
Wtf!
NO MORE SPENDING PERIOD!!
Todo today: finalize DJ list.
What's your favorite song to dance to at weddings??
heading to the JaneAusten festival to talk Regency hairstyles!
Will have copies of the handout available online if anyone wants a copy
My sister's big dance recital is on sunday our whole family is going 2 support her.
Being the good dancer she is, i know she'll do great.
Ok I know I'm late but he killed that song...DAMN!!!
Mind being blown away at Love Fest right now!!!!!
.
...few things better than taking online connections  making them offline relationships// That's not what my husband said ;
Chanel, gucci, or Dior or rosie : guy; Bentley
I NEED HELP!
Do i go to LA to see austin or do i go to believe tour concert?!?
HELP!
Warner Music Chooooooots!
did you see the avengers?
I'm Gonna send you a friend request, Love that game
man, vince carter just trolled us all pretty hard
Help me hit 300 likes!
what do you want?
Hell Yeah Fuckin Right!!!
Hi Liam
Scandal is the best new show of the year
When did September become Hotember?
Lebron wins MVP?
You can't be most valuable when you're playing alongside two superstars...the award should have gone to Tony Parker.
you come on more than I do.
I'm the worst coowner ever /:
Headed to Happy Hour in PB?
Get 50 to spend for only 25!
www.dailygroupsavings.com
Please excuse my daughter from school yesterday and P.E.
forever.
She had a very bad asthma attach running in P.E.
because the coach made...
Has anyone had good experience w/micro loaning in Kampala Uganda?
1 of our jewelgirls wants 2 start her own hair salon biz.
DEEP in Sibelius now...
Congrats.
And to think I knew you in the very beginning!
Very cool seeing Man v.
Food Nation in Milwaukee!
heck out our music www.wesofreshrecords.com  follow  RTpls
thats mest up i felt bad for you :/
Ready to go 
yeah me too
I'm in sales, so I'm already working on converting him!
yes they are
JT slays SNL again as always, his musical and comedic talents are amazing, gives his all in every sketch.
Gaga crazy and good
The pregame show was wrong about one thing.
This game may turn out to be a goalfest after all.
Ambassador Banquet tonight:
The Jersey Devil Century Ride in Pittsgrove NJ launched this weekend on Active.com
My mommy just bought a new car just got home :
God morning!!
Long day but still doing something
i hate smt  i was down the shore
Y'all can come to Htown and we can carpool.
Pet some gators along the way.
thanks!
Yeah that would probably happen : you could put two up one for each and make it a rivalry room lol
district of doom stays primarily intact.
Loses Pitt and picks up kilgore who moves down.
Reptile's Theme
Thucydides We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
Our music studio is open, but we haven't thrown any public events yet.
Bureaucracy slowing things down...
You keep customers by delivering your promises, fulfilling commitments and continually investing in quality of relationships.
Brian Tracy
Fixnta start listening to ZEN  THE ART OF FAKING IT by Jordan Sonnenblick  hope it's as much fun as expected.
even better!
sounds delightful.
see you there.
Hallowe'en, the traditional night to celebrate magic, is the ideal time for the media to interview one of Canada's worldclass magicians.
I was at The Birchmere too.
Great show!
Has someone said the ACL injury was a result of the shortened season?
When schools repeatedly ignore a child's safety and 16 kids threaten his life it calls for action, albeit another way.
With the team at Come see us at stand 4772 to learn more about Wireless Activism tomorrow.
The only things that keep me from being a true master of my craft are my
I always forget to go on twitter :/ but im back :D
Disneys Newsies!
The Musical  Equity Chorus Call / Singers
Kobe has to score 38 tomorrow night to take home the scoring title.
BOTTLE SERVICE 100 ABSOLUTE BOTTLES AND MORE
But when you defend yourself against your abusive husband...there is nothing to discuss...smh
preach it!
I can't argue with that!
Nope I ain't been feeling like it.....
RT : Me actually believing him?
HELL NAW
Can I lay you down ?
;
social media should tie in with biz goals.
thousands of fans/followers is one thing, but WHAT are they doing to advance brand?
Great show  the doug fir last night.
Archie the Snail would have been proud!
Good luck with the rest if the tour.
RT : Who will I see at lean startup machine this weekend?
Sugar causes weight gain  accelerates aging by breaking down collagen, which is key to keeping skin wrinkle free!
Thanks for your note!
What a kindness!
Hope it's a good read for you.
Gonna rock this day running on Seaco coffee...let's do this.
it just another sports bar not must see food just ok Hockeytown is better
And money never skipped a beat
Finally home to tune in and watch cuse dominate
he'll doctorw a 6th at best.
definitely....Well, I'll just be happy the Boyz are back.:
ooh haha yea I haven't seen their tweets xx
yeah but his shotgun was magical...didnt it shoot way too many times before needing a reload?
: Tell me Caesar, do I smell like roses to you?
Peeta  LOVE THE MOVIE, JUST LIKE THE BOOK!
3
New catch phrase........Doesn't matter, as long as there's Crown.
Funky Donkey: I don't wear Crocs, and I don't wear sandals, the pump don't work cuz some vandals took the handles.
: Chris Breezy winning the grammy for best rb album welldeserved yeee!
Excellent entertainer!
Good news HD!!
Can't wait for the fight!!
Well done!
Perhaps you can teach us a thing or 2 about the master builder.
We're open 11:303:30 everyday.
This spreadsheet just might be the death of me!!!
Was going to print it and put it on the wall...ha!!
84 pages...no thanks!
Where is all the money at?
Our show time for tomorrow is actually 5p...
But just get there early nonetheless.
It'll be good times.
3011 Barcelona in ABQ's S.
Valley.
Looks like I will be doing a lot of work today
haha ya.
NYC is 5hrs behind London and LA is only 4hrs behind NYC.
So when Europe goes to sleep its afternoon here.
Why do birds wait until you're just about to run them over before they fly out of the way?
They stress me out!
LOL
So true.
RT It's not truly a favor if you later use it against someone as a reason why they should do something for you.
Front Desk Wed: I had to hear from a tourist that blueberries are out!
catfish on the ice already.
heh heh.
Just downloaded the whole doctorke album.
Kinda in love.
Kinda want to date him.
that was the funniest thing ive seen all week
RT Weird...what to do without BIGGESTLOSER on tuesday night?Play music
Q: Why did Tigger look in the toilet?
A: He was looking for Pooh!
There's a career out there for anyone willing to read the manual.
do it now!
why wait
a woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets
Way to jinx it.
Whoa, must be Burt Reynolds or something RT No word on who's throwing out first pitch but MLB has scheduled a 5minute standing O
i know!
its crazy.
but maybe one day i will get lucky
back to business
Blazers fall to the Suns 125107.
Seasonhigh pts.
allowed for Portland.
Blazers officially eliminated from Playoff contention.
Heh heh.
:D Glass halfempty vs.
halffull: What does the Big Society have against completely full glasses?
that's not lazy, that's strategy.
Blasting lil wayne so Morgan will fall asleep.
Interesting musical tastes for a 4 month old.
so sad about michael jackson.
pretty sure he was acquitted so you can stop with the pedo jokes.
If you are sitting at a bar, working on your Mac laptop and doctornking a glass of white wine, just know I AM judging you.
Hard.
Way to go Red Sox!
You just made the 1995 Angels look clutch.
Can't wait to see!
TweetsDuring1659 oh shit!
its a boat with some lightskinned motherfuckers on it.
lemme grab my spear and arrow and rob these niggas
Game Time!!!!
the best part about it is I know she isn't!!
How was it?
Good I hope.
Working on the skull in school just tea the word JAW.
I instantly t
Post performance blues.....sigh
Happy President's Day!
May those of you with your childoctorn at home have plenty of relaxing tea!
bored out my fudging mind and the night is too young...need some entertainment and nobody wont even call me...wtf!!!!
John: Uhh did some one put a pencil in this grape?
Jack: Yep...
that was me.
lol my dog can't bark and run
you are not working hard enough ;
When the addiction went from alcohol to pills, due to court ordered anabuse, we lost her.
The alcohol didnt turn her to pill
Please don't cut Tavarres Jackson.
RT Matt Flynn's the newest Seahawk...
We're fired up to bring him to Seattle!
This escaperoutes show makes me want to walk out in front of a convoy of Fords
I poured my water bottle out on this girl today.
Idgaf she was getting on my damn nerves.
cracks me up...
The pregnant Snooki creeps me out.
Responsibility at its finest.
I was thinking the same thing!
Remember 2 years ago the gas prices were on every channel when they hit 4?
How'd this sneak by?!
your Amazing!!
:D Please Make My Day And Follow Back!!
xoxo
So my gran emailed me waxing poetic about 50 Shades today.
Besides your bks, What should I send her for her bday?
I sing so what : 
Can you formalize informal learning?
Coolest things being auctioned JUNE 14 Tuesday Weslo Cadence 450 Foldable Treadmill 94 Emmit Smith Action Figure, Box of Sports Cards
But we all had a good laugh!
Yes going to see my favorite orangehead...:
I recommend with Two Caterers.
So, I'm pretty sure I'm going to one of Demi's concerts this summer :'D
Natalie  swag send me a friend request!
is his last name ie?
where on your site can I find some examples of successful promotions?
Man the Redskins wanted RG3 bad!!
Hollywood Forever Cemetery Sings.
You hold IT in that tune, man.
Check us out when you get a chance.
The Hawks have absolutely no homecourt advantage.
Double OT and it sounds like a library.
Charen Kingrey wins over Jason Bott in front of huge cheering section!
Second Round Tap Out due to RNC at the 2:31 mark.
is so fucking sick!!!!!!!
thanks for the shout out  we are in good company:
Ask not for whom the cat carrier opens ...
it opens for thee.
Chiefs Rookie Camp Romeo said Jeff Allen stepped up and took on leadership this weekend.
Also said Wylie needs to work on his cuts.
David Koch Gives Smithsonian A Record 35M For New Dinosaur Hall  CBS Local
what a great time, opening for Faun Fables.
Nice full house, I played well, had good sound, they were awesome as usual.
RT: 'What are childoctorn but tiny stoned people?' Oo
Just finished 2.5mi in 75.
Can I have a beer now?
Check out the deals from our ad in USA Hockey this month at www.hockeygiant.com/usahockey.html
The soul never thinks without a picture.
Actress Melina Kanakaredes quotes Aristotle at Arts Day.
can i have a shoutout????
:
hey!
: I haven't seen it but it looks cool, u let me know :
nothing like taking a shin to the jaw..
Mercy!
Also worth noting which party obstructs entitlement reform and insists Medicare and Social Security can continue 'as is.'
Today has seen some of the most inane interviews on the news ever.
If i see anymore negative mj comments i sear im going to kick some ass.
Someones soul and pride is about to get fucked up.
looking forward to reading it!
Will it be online?
Nobody to txt...
This game should've been over
New contest starts tomorrow!
lol.
That's my beach I love everything bout it..
Lol possibly..
DO YOU GUYS HONESTLY THINK YOU'LL LAST THAT LONG?
COME ON.
THIS IS MIDDLE SCHOOL.
you're just flipping around that paddle like its last night!
tell me what happened last night!
I do wish I was friends with Rob Dyrdek
Watt hasina continued it Shockinnnn!!!!!!!!
I'm finally rubbin off on ya
I miss u!!!
On the way
Power is out for 3140 PGE customers in Hillsboro, stemming from a car accident.
doctorver had medical issue.
Power expected back on by 12:30.
I didn't text you yet RT Tha t text was EVERYTHING!!!!!
I can't stand her but damn I love her.
I'm about to fall asleep
I hate being home.
It's all fun and games until you doctorp your phone in the damn tall grass!!!
cheesiest pick up ever.
But...
Are you?
We have no idea, but we'll stop.
What the eff?!?!
Found a stink bug in my pocket!
I freaking love TV Land, its like one of the best channels on tv!
ahaha i know right!
so i'm gonna just ask a few random ?'s ok?So,How many btr posters do you own
Why the fuck am I up.
.
ugh
the row 2 , sims pets for ...
sorry dude it's been a rough one and I probably don't help with being blah.
nice!
I'm tummy is full!
Prep your Qs beforehand for the ESHealthChat Friday  6 to be sure you get all the information you need to be healthy and happy!

Monday nite rawr truth thinks he's n green bay.LOL
RT : Wake up w/ Sprinkles!
1st 50 people to whisper rise and shine  each Sprinkles receive a free cinnamon sugar!
I've used airbnb for research trips: had some good experiences!
Olas lozenges, AleveD sinus and cold, and flu fighter muffins from ...
Take that, cold!
thinking of changing my Twitter handle and more to everythingfrank instead of franktastic4.
thoughts?
Macon tomorrow.
:
hahaha!
What happened to being honest about your feelings when it came to l'amour?
:/
way to GiveObamaCreditFor...
being a birther
Prefer when pedals work the first time, but there is a joy in fixing one that refuses to work.
I'm not going to spend another minute arguing with you.
You're not worth my breath or time.
haha i would love to know about jams on the eastcoastactually do you keep up a blog?
shall check out the compound nxt time
On the couch with the boy and the soon to be birthday girl and watching Finding Netherland.
That cool, what are your other bands?
:
Yes!
I've been on HD for 3 months after doing my 1st challenge, it speeds results and is my favorite bfast now!
Waking up with headaches 
I have begun a new internship with Live from the NYPL today!
I'm still fearful, but my mind has been changing as far as using wikipedia in the how to evaluate sources.
Unfortunately I don't break hearts but I think imma start.
also, im gonna peep those mashups when I get home TrillCosby!
Team Vic Matrix is designed with slow release proteins so it will help you to feel fuller for longer.
Big Time Rush WeekendLawn Family 4 pks avail 60.00  s/c.
Listen to ur favorite radio station 2 win a Lawn Family 4 pack.
Runs 5/1113.
Chicken little :
I don't want the language of TV culture to become the language with which I speak.
Chris Hedges PLNUWS
right here.
Mani/pedi: check.
Hair color: check.
Fake tan: check.
Hot piece of ace: check.
Being a girl is tough work!
Last Day at the show: Come by and visit us in Booth
They say Al Capone had three portraits in his officeof Washington, Lincoln, and me, Your Mayor, Big Bill Thompson.
Three great Americans!
I love listening to upcoming rap artists, so I was wondering what kind of music our fans listen to?
Give me some artist names!
how old is he?
My pick for the derby: Hansen currently 131 starting for the 14 slot.
followed are you sure he can handle all of us Hooligans?
I never thought would be so much fun to watch the whole team is perfect.
Best show so far.
I haven't laughed so much in a while.
My shoulder my knee and ankle are killing me.
it really stinks cause Britain used to be the best place for companies who could keep brands fresh over generations
People annoy me.
Son most didn't get to go to graduation ceremonies.
Not because of grades or trouble...He forgot to get gown sized  paid for.
Argh!!!
Why do we always wake up at the crack of dawn?
STALKERS meeting tonight at that secret spot!
You know the one!!
Jesus said: He who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I too will love him and show myself to him
I hope the Pacers get this W
Malinowski: US officials should the telling Bahrainis time is short and maintain suspension of arms sales
Hey twitter/FB  how can I sign up for Paul Carrs The New Gambit?
I can't find a sign up website anywhere?
Am I the only one who notices that mister Peanut is a cannibal?
Hm.
M.
loved looking around a bar packed with archivists at the tweetup.
fantastic time.
fml our vocal technique class is full of old people xx krissebs
sippin on my double chocolate chip frap!
Thanks Mum Xx
I don't sell enough books to pay for the lawyers, however.
And these various problems finally became too much.
And we know that in ALL things God works for the good of those who love, him, who have, been called according to his purpose.
Romans 8:28
Ron Paul is speaking now on CNN
that's very cool that you were there and still have that!
lol...i followed u back!!
thnx for the follow!!
W.whoistrillogy.com check it out!
And follow
bring your R8 to Dane county and I will race you for pinks!
I hope you will enjoy my honda civic hb as much as I did!
Haha
I'm getting tired of the RHOA!
Next!
how is she?
Getting better I hope
The most kind hearted people are the most mistreated people.
how are yoou?
My arm is worth 
House will vote shortly on budget reconciliation package that deepens cuts to childoctorn by add'l tens of billions of dollars
I was at the gym when you called and that makes it even more so your fault.
Text me tomorrow and we can make plans to hangout
Just slammed a Donatos founders favorite.
Now it's back to work.
If my sister trys to wake me up at 6am I'm going to freak the crap out.
The Hulk.
He punched a spaceship.
In the face.
To death.
In other words: see The
Is the welcome page deactivated for FB pages now?
Not seeing it happening in timeline as it was before?
Sales throughout the whole week!!!!
Come see us
ha.
texas?
south carolina?
idk.
never been to NC...
Whee, I'm up to 619 followers.
Some of them may even be real people...!!
that's really what the Adobe creative suite is all about.
Letting you get the hang of it and then changing everything.
Left PT after hitting the brewery.
Now in Port Angeles, slowly turning into the Twilight tour.
ahh , i love you 3 hope you are having a nice day !
Wonder whi shooting a video on my block this time
I ment to say everything is looking up right now
FridayReads The Red Tent and The Monk
tried to say that three times fast and failed
There has been a murder...
someone killed my plumeria from Hawaii.
Probably won't be going back this year, either.
This day sucks.
lol yeah same here then it got interesting and i finished watching it
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Watching Nicki Minaj : My Time Now :
Bed is so comfortable I can't seem to get my body out of it.
when are you going to cambodia
caught a piece of ur show on mommy madam.
1 word for you.
Millionaire match maker on bravo , what's the difference?
last episode of glee with my idol 3 been a good run, as they say in show business.
can't wait to see what she moves on to!
3 DAYS LEFT UNTIL doctorKE!:D
After all of this, I believe Coach Paterno died of a broken heart....
It's going to get rainy  snowy tonight so stay in  try our Country Fried Chicken dinner special at the Avenue.
Maybe our staff will cluck.
RT : TONIGHT spinning music from 19801989 at rap, rock, new wave, dance, freestyle, electro etc
I dunno my costumes are pretty interesting RT : Be me for Halloween.
People will find you more interesting.
Can't handle the stress of NextIronChef  want them all to win!!
Everytime i hear about a chick named Felicia i think about the movie Friday.
Craig.
.
.
?Bye Felicia Man yall STINGY!
Lmao
oh god not even!
Only you and Jazmin will be sexy, ill be looking like a derp.
better stay in the front of the bus.
At offices for occupythenews event.
Journalists talking about covering
Big thanks to Steve West for filling in for me tonight on fingers crossed I'll be back on tomorrow.
Hugs!
I just feel like I wanna eat ice cream  die.
Thank you!
: You are awesome as well!
wye oak
The way I see it, if U want the rainbow, U gotta put up with the rain.
Dolly Parton
Haha thanks!
Props to and for helping me reach my full snark potential on that one.
Yikes.
What are you planning to give back to your mom's hooha?
RT remember where u came from.
It was nice to meet you at the BSA event.
Thanks for the follow.
Pentiums melt in your PC, not in your hand.
Don' stop believin!
Hold on to that feelin yeah!!
Street light people oh!!!
no top when it's hot, chinchilla when it's cold, the kushy kushy highs and the old school lows
Researching historical docs at the HQ Building in NYC!
Awesome, thanks!
3:45 wake up call..
Gonna be a big bag of shit tomorrow.
Hit me up Unc i gotta ask u sumn
We do seek to remove unnecessary obstacles to individual opportunity.
Rep.
Duran, giving opening remarks at SB15 hearing
The best moments i have are with!!
3
I been so stressed lately I been thinking of wild Shyt man wake up most day just miss my sister so much and cry
The stupidity at my school is unbelievable.
Best fastbreak of the year for Cards.
A very good evening to new followers Have a lovely weekend.
Loving your site so far!
Just sent you a message on there.
our last name is a dynasty keep on downin us u gone get fucked up period!
Sounds like the makings of a great outfit to me!
What did you order?
my bad i fell asleep on u last night
These animal crackers are bullshit, This elephant tastes exactly like the giraffe did.
No news is good news.
What does philanthropy want to be when it grows up?
Asks
Love taking my iPad loaded with board to my stylist for inspiration instead of old school mag clippings
The Marketing Blog: Windows media player 12 vista version 11.0 ...
Tonight we train local dentist on recognizing, reporting,  preventing child maltreatment!
Why not mention prevention  your next checkup?
Found out that U cant run clothes doctorer  hairdoctorer  same time.
Made emerg trip to hardware store 4 new 15AMP fuses.
Today's BTU inspiration: Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
Richard Bach
we know why some doctornk the charter koolaid.
Don't be puzzled; addoctorss the fallacies and change the frame.
Game of Thrones!!!
thanks for the love jennifer!
Let the church say Amen .
Thank you for all your music Whitney, we love you goodbye!!!
Titus Maccius Plautus Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you.
John Wooden
Thank you and for making event scheming a breeze.
Happy Bill of Rights Day!
check out for updates throughout winter break.
Happy Holidays!
bad poker face
Wake up to Bullshit..
never fails.
yeah you lightweight.
Or the triple of vodka in your pink grapefruit squash..
Mars?
By Ben Bova?
do u think belichick will win another SB without audio/video taping their opponents practices?
; fined500,000
Doing very well.
About to head out of work early today!!
Hoorayy....
:o How are you doing?
1967 Van Nuys premier head shop captainin Eds Heads  Highs first opened for business
Transfer to the Library Foundation office.
You don't have to swim faster than the shark, just faster than the person next to you.
what'd you do so far?
Hahahaha!
Not this alcoholic!!!!
When someone gives me a neck massage YeahILoveThat 
I can't wait till you come over : let's hope we aren't caught.
i 3 commercials that make me laugh out loud
NEWAUKEE SOCIAL EVENT STARTING AT 6 PM, 5 Red  White Wines, 3 Taps Bud Light Miller Light  Point, 5 Apps all night  4 Skyy Bombs
IfSheCant handle her liquor  ima treat her like just another flipper
: I will be the best friend she ever had...I'm sure you will be:
I am really surprised that my local uni's library won't let me have access to journals even though I'm faculty at another college.
Why Do People Assume When You're A Teen  Pregnant, You Automatically doctorp Out Of School etc?
..
the first part, haha.
Happy Monday everybody!
Big news to come in the next few days!
We will keep you all posted...
According to Kinsey, 75 of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
What you said last night made me smile...
And tonight u just ruined it
Becoming God's Super Women.
Romans 12:1,2
: Oh, your ears are gauged.
What tribe do you belong to?
new pictures up
the only boy who could ever teach me was the son of preacher man.
Boston with me in late July?
Liverpool plays at Fenway
streamed the entire mayweather fight with my cell phone!
and hdmi cord put it on the tv...
wow 2012 here we are
Not sure, but I think the God's grace petition was 20544
Mine was by far the most interesting.
I Think You Should Do A Cover Of Crush By David Archuleta I Love That Song And I Love You So Put The Both Together...3 Jus Sayin
what?
Na forget it.
Monday night class: Writing Through the Image.
Trying to increase my ability to do research on and utilize critical media literacy.
Shout out to the guy wearin sunglasses, his chain, 2 bracelets and his watch in the gym on Eastern.
You sir, are the epitome of douche
whareves its a black thing
fuck it, blow that last check on weed
's skinned trilogy is amazing.
also juliana baggott pure
Sad the reds lost but they made it a good game in the end.
Andoctora told me she was goin ask Alfred for his  :
yea good vibes
ahahahahaha Sophie that's you!
We must teach our kids to sharpen their talents and develop new skills daily.
Their prosperity depends on it.
NspiredBy Proverbs 28: 19
Office closes at 3pm for the holiday weekend
Yes I can.
SNOW  Christine Kelley Karel and Charles Karel are scheduled to shoot their scenes this coming week.
It's their second project with us.
Man these refs are sensitive today
I'd rather listen to rebecca black ,than listen to your excuses.
The excitement begins
Me and my bf got 200 on this series!
Come on OKC make me 200 dollars richer!!!
I'm illy  TI is some hype ass music.
Hear it and you're guaranteed to fight someone.
workk is not going to be fun today.
at all.
2 what we expect them to do with it.If we expect all of my mom's students to patronize certain organizations, it's probably a waste of time
We are back up, thanks everyone for your patience!
Gemologist for the 1st jewel of the Triple Crown.
Daddy Nose Best by a nose.
El Padoctorno on Cinco de Mayo.
Account hacked today if you receive a message from me Hey, so some real nasty things are being said about you here Please Don't Open Sorry
Who wants free tickets to the show tonight?
Well get ready!
The 1st person to RT the next message gets a pair to tonight's show!
RIGHT.
I'm sorry but I'm so sick of it because other ICONiacz have absolutely no respect whatsoever.
Wow!!!
Dallas coming close...
bummer.
What about Sarah?
But they have no money right?
Listening to Madonna's Girl Gone Wild that begins with a modified Act of Contrition.
That's basically like Morning Prayer, right?
Jennifer's picks are in 97th percentile on espn.
May be soon to change
Power's out at Lakeside Villas apartments on the Northeast side.
Ice covered power lines, perhaps?
FloorLicking Related Poisoning or Transient Global Amnesia?
Which would you prefer?
Santa Margarita leads Bellarmine 31 after two periods.
Three of game's four goals have been PPGs
Thanks for following!
Here's to flourishing in life after 50!
whatever it was, I apparently didnt find it as funny.
We always had fun, I still remember that night.
I miss those times
RT Olympics: Israel asks IOC to open with minute's silence to honour athletes killed at 1972 Olympics
As much as I can't stand him, did I really just pick up Inge for my fantasy team????
You have a landline?!
you guys should definitely do it!
Lol it could get more hits than jbiebs 
I mean, I have 1,000s of docs right now.
I could keep lugging around my computer to read them.

doctoristerrancis thanks for tweeting meetings this week Informative  enjoyable.
If you're gonna act like people are there to ruin your day rather than take food orders, just quit your job  go home.
ohare Reggio's C22
many thanks 4 getting in touch with me!
ur Child Abuse Anti Bullying System looks to be an amazing tool 4 childoctorn!
QoTD: Take the world as it is, not as it ought to be.
You can't help everyone.
But everyone can help someone.
Reconciling financial transactions monthly seems old fashioned.
lol, he's saying he was bored and it was a parody
I am looking forward to throwing today.
Brought the glove and we'll see what I am made of.
when I met u, duh?!
News on every MLB team in 1 placewww.ussportspages.com
Miss you, love!
3
Well you're smart and funny.
Two highranking qualities.
Besides we have an evil alliance.
Gotta ff that: p
Brrr...On a day like this, how do you doctorss up your child to keep him or her warm?
good luck today!
So glad you have such gorgeous weather!
I will never say NEVER!
I miss the sights and sounds of the ocean.
NEW MIXTAPE COMIN OUT NEXT WEEK FOR DA STREETS....
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
Congrats!
I've got 2 more years until I get mine!
Counting down the days :
's To Know the Library Is To Love the LibraryBut Who Knows the Library?
Contrast btwn users  nonusers
sure ok
Alomar got 5 games for spitting in an umpires face and then saying the ump had an ax to grind because his son died.
Brett Lawries?
Not close
: He was never held accountable for his terrible play by the coaches.
At all.
it's Sunday today btw....
yeah but tomorrow CARRIEEEEE!
If we don't get bloody I want a partial refund!
I can't wait for tomorrow !
Mahomies know why :
Pls explain 2 me why 2011 SBIR dept of ed awards are delayed for over a month?
I.am.finished.with.exams.!!!!
Moving to 6th grade!!!!
Yes what a way to start a great summer!!
After 2yrs of no school  I'm in my level:
have the best time!
I'm so jealous!
I'm sure it will be amazing!
you can get 60k in build out subsidized if you open on h street
BAGGY LOW PANTS ALL THE WAY
Coach Brett Bielema was also interviewed in this latest document.
He says he had no reason to suspect any problems with Chadima.
Authors, have you been to lately?
I have a few groups there, but revisited  they're helping with agent searches.
Glad the storms have passed for folks flying into ACPA12 here in Louisville.
Be sure to bring your waders though folks!
I could murder a calf for some pollo tropical curry mustard sauce right now
Lookiin forward to Everyday learning something new about you
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
George Orwell
Story time at Maple St.
Books with Miss Maureen this morning, 10:00 am  Healing Center  11:30 am Uptown.
/via
No your just the only one that would write back .
Fuck yeah!
Got the night off work!
Now back to looking up hot girly bondage pics on the internet!
jordin has a saggy vagina
I'm here, I got you if you don't make it
Sex is the number 1 topic searched on the internet.
No surprise there.
Agree, but generalizations are what makes research  epistemology possible.
Interesting to spot trends for strategic purposes.
I wish could sing and stop sounding like killing cats
yuckie predatory personalities look for places they can find people who are vulnerable, blame them, not their faith.
That'd be an interesting research study RT : When will call centers learn that terrible hold music just makes people angry?
kids Family Friendly Block Party at KNOX on May 12, 2012 at Knox Dallas, Sat, May 12 1:00p: Knox District will host KnoxFest, a family...
SexTip: Practice bringing your partners desire up and then moving away from the area targeted, tease her until she can take no more.
Can you still see straight?
Come down this evening at 7:30PM to see The Delaneys and Dirty anchez at the Hard Rock Cafe!
First snowfall in Oberstaufen!
I just...
the model isn't working so I broke out of it to innovate on my own and now I have to go through red tape to attend ntl conference
RT : Joy comes from using your potential.
Will Schultz
are you still sore from a workout that happened a week ago?
Great things gone happen this year!
i don't see anything now so just say what you wanna say.
its kinda funny how I'm not listening anywaaayyyyyy
Your dumb and idk
Forever shouting that nigga this ain't for bitch.stfu and suck my flock hoe 9!!!!
ya maybe a studio or building on First Friday?
Went last weekend and it was packed!
We hung out last night with Margo Martindale  the ReRun Theatre in Brooklyn...
Looking forward to week 3 of swimming lessons with my 2 year old tonight!
sing it with me Y M C A !
But their votes do come from the lower income classes and the very high incomes.
celly you know that i miss you i just wanna get wit u but i can right now so kiss me thru tha phone
Madonna's new single features your girl Nicki Minaj
you have to love Tayla fans.
JOHN MAYER WROTE ALL ABOUT HER!
Lmfao just kidding I haven't even listened to his new songs
ODOT cam...Crash I5 SB at Nyberg Rd.
has been moved to the right shoulder...
Thanks fam!
I hope you're doing well.
Keep spreading the love
I am watching the bodyguard right now and it is so sad Whitney Houston was such a great person she just couldn't control he addiction
Currently reading: The Fashion Designer Survival Guide.
Both enlightening and terrifying!!!
Pick it up young designers!
NOTE!!!
The CU v.
CSU game takes place this SUNDAY  NOT SATURDAY!!!
Some tix were printed before schools changed schedules!
you're going to live them!!
I'm hunting wabbits!
Damn mall look like zombie land
Before hiring Delmark, I had asked two other companies to give me quotes.
I would recommend Delmark to anyone looking for electricians
hey megan you're lovely and fantastic
: I'm in that two seat lambo with yo girl she tryna jerk me Lamborghini mercy
Very exciting.
Sad to miss the meeting.
I wanna be on the its mine I spend it  movement
haha, jaysus, sure id tip over!!
lol, i like my itty bittys, more than a mouthfuls a waste eh???
ill keep tellin myself that!
Give someone a hug today!
CHECK YOUR DM!
If you like Scentsy or if you want your whole house to smell wonderful, tweet me and I'll hook you up.
Please help us by facebook liking our site :p
Hoping 108 legislators will again participate in GAPreKWeek this year and that other will join!
you were in Philly...of course!
I'll be up that way NEXT week!
TOWNIES FOREVER
new admin ..
going to get a treadmill.
so now I have no excuse not to workout.
right?
I am going to a meeting at Rutgers in New Brunswick later today
Just rode horses for the music video!
We've never done that before!!
Woah!
So cool!
His heart was in the right place.
He's an old friend and I could laugh at that and tell him why.
He wasn't offended.
Extremely traumatic, those autoflush toilets.
It'll take 50 years or so of therapy to undo the damage.
Brilliant: In CA, cold war did not influence CRM as in other regions.
Widening a narrative complicates our understanding
I love the childhood rationale that our blanket not only keeps us warm but serves as a magic forcefield to fend off monsters.
Cleverly Disguised As A Responsible Adult.
dont tell me somebody tryed too do dat too u
Wow, I've been out of the loop.
Congrats!
CanSomeoneTellMeWhy there are 3million women and girls worldwide enslved in the sex trade
Lanie, thanks for the follow!
Can I send you a play?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
I love being a DJ cause i could wear whatever to the club
We apologize for that...a lot of really excited volunteers on the phone over here...jh
: I don't think I need Klout to have clout.
// so much useless nothing out there nowadays.
that makes sense
wow not just in the restaurant but on the sink too  really squirts''
Crazy ish going down at 46th  Fremont: at least 4 cop cars, two cuffed guys, one violently yanked from cop car onto asphalt as I passed
Lawrence Mulligan of azotel says grew ireland isp bc there was no wireless broadband.
Today is National Puppy Day...
Hit LIKE if you are excited about it : Happy National Puppy Day!
Too many chances here for NY
Indeed, although you can just cake off song writing...
Don't even think about holding my hand!
Follow For updates on Miami Food Truck locations.
Have you had half your Gchat list get blocked when you signup for G?
Bug is keeping me from joining friends on there!
Fighting Illini are Fighting Irrelevancy.
Groce hire is new low in Illini athletics.
Free cone day at Ben  Jerry's!
That includes the ice cream right?
LactoseIntolerant!
so true!!
Umm let's not talk about that...
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 19
aww sweet ...
you are my
i am there as styledelights
I'm not sure how I feel about this Charles Barkley Weight Watchers ad where he's doctorssed as a woman...
Glad to help!
RT People are already finding their coupons for NeedANerd?
Computer Service!
Thank you Valpak!
Don't take this shit serious...
Welcome COM2016!
MT : Last Open House ever with the :
dont give up.
I got him to follow when I spent like an entire weekend with my phone and sending him hundoctords of tweets.
you are one amazing singer!!
i vote fore you every week!!
keep it goin you inspire me!
RT please?
:
What makes Kickstarter unique is after you pledge, your credit card will be charged after we reach our target goal of 5,000.
Happy Friday!
RT if you have a Fun weekend planned!
I like u in da movie too u where about to set it off lol
I think I 'undersold' my research skills with the verbiage i chose
At the end of this SuperTuesday I am content with my vote and am committed to voting for the republican nominee in November.
I often feel like tweeting is akin to shouting from the rooftops.
Maybe that's why the click of the Tweet button feels cathartic.
Thanks for the RT!
Yahoo39;s brilliant solution
I DID!!
KEEP refreshing!
it says i follow you!
I do 'love you' Chris, you rule!!!!
...
can't agree any more hahs!!
i know you guys probably secretly hate me...
Im really sorry.
I was being really stupid.
done with work, done with the gym, it's Friday let the sin begin.
I'll be there for you in the morning
I suppose if the characters hadn't stood and born the consequences, mister S.
wouldn't have had himself much of a tragedy
Agreed the LAWind is roaring tonight, not feeling so great about my windows holding up, they're rattling like crazy!
Hey if you guys get us 100 followers by the end of Friday we will give each of you a shout out
uh ohh okayy!!
That's what I'm tlkn bout , is that the first all year ?
are you having a class next sunday ?
I know I'm fat and I know my hair is straight, but I can sing.
Kate Smith, born on this day in 1907.
We are at the bar in the back
Taking something for this headache.
Will do.
Thanks for the help!
Like, do they go on existing on this plane now that I no longer validate their existence.
Here's looking at you kid.
Student of mine at Berkeley in 1992, I knew she would do very well!
28 ain't enough, you need more.
Philip's BBQ on Degnan in Leimert Park.
RT : SouthLA: Where are your favorite places to eat in the area?
It's rare person who doesn't get discouraged in the face of adversity.
The answer to overcoming adversity lies in one word: PERSEVERANCE!
Starting The Lean Startup by
we're starting the second movie..
we have been in the back of the truck for hours now, thought this might be creepy but it's actually fun
well thank you ma'am!
MTU mobile site is collaborative project with computer design classes.
Caught your article in Visiting Denver for a conf.
Are you in DEN area  if yes can I buy you a coffee, talk shop?
kid is a Quincy rat.
RT : the doctornks are perfect
Hold fast to doctorams, for if doctorams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
Langston Hughes
Luv it when folk get up with nothin but the WILL TO CREATE!
Peace!
Trying to fuck
Lighting has a significant impact on both the aethestic and functional elements of your living space
Very Nice...
Thank you.
Thanks for the mention!
The designdistrict is on fire!
Well, not literally.
But you really need to get down here.
Finally, I'll think of something other than Lolita when Philip Humber is mentioned!
Need to stop watching the oscars and fix the andoctorid app.
Please update the app.
Goodnight, Twitter.
Off to study.
Wish me luck on finals tomorrow xx
There's a woman at Subway who is filling up her doctornk containers with soda for free
you never know lol
: just make sure you guys play Underneath : it would make my 5hr journey to the show like 628498x better!
// we are!!
thanks for the follow I followed back
Now wtf was I about to say...
lol
Who are you sending your songs to?
In yourself there are limitations but in God all restrictive opposition is broken.
Nothing is impossible!
Weds at 7:30 Using the hell out of Vim presented by Bring a laptop and get started using Vim.
top10Lies Its not you, its me.
Fact of the day: Poison ivy is not ivy and poison oak is not an oak.
They are both part of the cashew family
yes, we're working on a new project that could be pretty cool.
we'll know if it's going to really take off next month.
ifitwasuptome I would have magical powers!
is looking for new producers to be in house producer of interested contact 6019069185 or sodamnprettyent
still looking for gilligan and the skipper too
Hello tweeps...Goodafternoon!
Looking forward to a Dodgers win today!
Shitbums, though not a word officially, is now my favorite word.
Well said!
only eight more hours!!!
Pride is coming back next year!!!
Now, I have to make the hardest decision of my entire life...
Factual account of Obama 2008 promises on Hannity is excellent because it is truth about facts.
doctorp doctorp doctorp hatred for POTUS is pointless
Evryone follow me
: ...What you think of me is none of my business...love it!
My bro taught me to say that!;
going to central park in NY today!
Happy Friday!!!
What are you doing this weekend?
random are you helping this weekend with the 'senior send off'?
It's always a good Monday morning in San Diego when the Chargers have won the game the day before!
Yay!
June 25th!
June Birthday Bash at Mastrellas in Sea Breeze!
Come out for some awesome classic rock and our Fleetwood Mac Tribute!!
SEND ME SUM OV UR MUSIC TO,MY EMAIL
Still smoking hot in LA!
Why no one is challenging the Ferreted One is beyond me...
Governor Dayton says bonding bill is about putting Minnesotans to work.
Most in private sector
I saw the scariest zombie tonight...
not kidding.
He doesn't want out, get your facts straight.
He said he doesn't like moving to 3rd, but he's going to do it anyway.
Appscan is not happy with any of us.
Our winner of the Iron Works BBQ gift certificate is Vickie McQueen of Lampasas ISD.
Come to booth 1814 for your prize!
Money doesn't buy happiness, but it does buy a larger range of choices.
: We're really just best friends.
And we like to travel.
lifeat50 it's the truth!!
screw you saw!
Unsub'd and unfollowed
I haven't seen Avengers.
But my friend said she loved it.
I've been cooped up in my studio trying to finish my paintings :
One hour til' the trek to the fashionable east side begins
Can't wait for LIVE shows to start next week!
i doubt i can go on friday, but will let you guys know if that changes
Trying to get battlefield 3 installed is a nightmare.
10inches is the minimum screen size to create great tablet apps.
Steve Jobs
This week on the DDC, we are dealing with time, its Lyndsay's choice,
Tough tonight as we face our growing pains and we will grow our sound system for next week.
Thanks for being cool all.
You guys ROCK!
ItsCrazyHow i'd never thought my life would turnout like this, the opposite of what it was a year ago.
Thanks to all of our new followers
My mom talking to the window replacement guys in our house about our trip over spring break
Probably really late on this but, whoa new !
Official Led Zep tribute band news ....
Summerfest show booked !
100 degree days and rock shows.
YES.
Had to get some new workout gloves yesterday cuz the ones I had...I just weren't feeling them anymore.
i just needed something basic.
can you wish me a happy birthday??!!!!!
I would faint!!
3 I would mean a lot.
Damon had better defensive days?
He could cover ground, but that's about it.
Boy, do I know that feeling.
uncomfortable
out of school early!
its the weekend :D
Looking for a writer with proposal writing experience.
23 M proj in the NW Chi Suburbs.
interested?
contact via Twitter or LI
Bitches who call you over to blow her back out, but flip the script soon as the blunt is gone is down bad advertisin pussy for bud,
I would love it if u follow me for my b day today
HEAD SCRATCHER!
America is barely 300 years old.
Strong African dynasties lasted for thousands of years.
Y don't we and our youth know that?
Ahh the thrill of a secret.
T: Let's have an orgy!
M: Who is invited?
T: You, me, and our SOULS
Just vaccumed an cleaned out 2 cars.
Fulfillment
Fun glass etching class tonight!
Always so nice to see what people design.
:
well get ready for college.
essay galore
I'm constantly warning people of this city to be patient and have fortitude.
Even though we are bombed, we must be able to take it.
Oh ew.
I need a manicure
John Travolta would be so jealous if he knew my masseur massages me with his penis
yea bout that pimping ain't easy lol
Do you get joy from my misery I'd like to think
Friday night and I dont have a clue  Just in the crowd...Were doctoraming as we move.
::the clientele::i wonder who we are::
I'm going to sleep soon because I'm old but I wanted to wish you a happy birthday!
Happy 21st, have so much fun!!!
I love you!
3
I sensed that about you!
They are lucky we both aren't there!
thanks for following us Shyla!
Blues at the Bluseum rescheduled for June 26th due to air conditions from AZ wildfire.
Come out, it's going to be smokin' hot!
Shoutout to North Florida   hold it down in Tally  check out us your way at blacknorthflorida.com
Sleeping in?
Overrated.
I'm looking forward to seeing the kids' spine poetry
did you come to our cabaret?
Being a teen nevr felt so good
hey!
that's good..
I think.
haha, I miss you too.
I'm good though.
wbu, what's new?
Physically based: go to stacks, look in databases.
Not suggesting interactions with libns.
what u mean?
or did u mean whats up?
Why are we waiting in line to see this movie.
If people insist on acting like an idiot, I must insist on treating them like one.
your welcome!
I hope you get REALLY active.
I can link you in to those people if you'd like!!!
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest st ever
Welcome to my world.
Same goes for milk cartons on an alltoooften regular basis.
to sleepy ,
Book events  Arizona Daily Star Book events Arizona Daily Star Hanukkah Storytime  Barnes  Noble, 5130 E.
Broadway.
Chabad of Tucson c
Laker show baby;
The pace of technological change is changing the pace of our lives, especially in the biz world  Anthony J.
Bosco Jr.
Only You Can Be You....anybody else would be a cheap imitation.
the last time the nba had a shortened season went to the finals
is awesome.
Just saying.
Oh that would just be brutal irony.
There are tons of ugly kids at my friends apts.
And they r like at the poor peoples apartments near ASU
Don't redefine charity.
Improve our methods of charitable giving and involvement.
Happy Holidays from ACM and all the members of the Palomar Ensemble!
do NOT be sorry for a loss where you gave 100.
Wellplayed game and entire season.
Thank YOU, for a great season.
10am4pm ...
Elk Grove High School Craft Show.
Be there or be ...
not there.
So what's your opinion?
Who is going to make the final four on TheVoice?
Warm endorphin afterglow from YMCA swim.
Happy to share sauna with two twinks holding hands instead of the old creeper pumping away lasttime
: btw, you're gorgeous
Ready to go home
Watching a colleague switch between an iPad, laptop, and bberry.
The amount of data created this year will equal the amount of data ever created in the history of man.
from the Agnostic, Maybe blog
come on guys lets get more followers than this pickle!!!
come on our fans kick ass, spread the word and follow us
What's The Link?
Let's Push This
it was at 5:15pm CST today.
Our team found that you went offline for a few minutes onto your backup server.
No biggie, only 10min
Get the passionate users as they will reach the others for you
I'm completely obsessed with Lee Seung Gi
Vice was doctorven by print, now doctorven by online video.
Expensive but necessary.
Developed partnerships w/brands that go beyond CPM
in some conversations it feels good to say NO.
i enjoy being
A 1 minute kiss burns 26 calories?!
If that's true i need to start working out more
I mean, also, it's to infuriate those of us who rightfully prefer red peppers but that's a less helpful answer
how iz it weird
MT : If only Google had some way of disseminating info to a mass userbase when its web apps go down.
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt
Well hello!
How'd I miss this photo!?
Looks like a nice day 4 the beach.
Thanks 4 sharing a glimpse into the 's shoot day with
RT Follow this great twitters
HAPPY NEDA WEEK DARLINGS!
LOVE YOUR BODY BECAUSE IT'S THE ONLY ONE YOU WILL EVER HAVE!
LETS REPRESENT!
I seriously miss my baby mamas and Don't make me come find y'all asses!
good month  deer season, spend it in da woods!
I'm here too just woke up to one staring at my face
I'm giving up...
Nothing for lent.
oomf caught my attention ...
In a good way lol
I have not.
But I do need legal help.
My family will not help me.
Glutena's GF oatmeal actually tastes like oatmeal!
always 3 besides the fact that my looks are dashing, I can make killer cookies I'm funny, you found yourself a catch ;
Nice to be connected on twitter.Have a wonderful day.
;
RT : I have run RR for 3 years  in that time 2 state runnersup, 1 state semi, 3 district titles  2 regional titles.
hey did you grad yet???
Let me be my own kind of beautiful..
Everyone go follow right now who ever does rt this and I will follow you back
Hola!
needs runners/bloggers help w/LA Race 4 Cure in Sept!
cc
: glad to have you as a follower as well!
Registration signin begins at 7:30 am tmister for sdp2p.
Exhibit hall opens at 9 am!
Exactly y I could never b wit him I hate a nigga who talk more than a bitch!!!
A man need to say as lil as possible wen talkin to a woman
Honestly wouldn't surprise me after he came up big last game but better to stick with the hot hand.
Not sure whether to be excited or concerned by the Hegelian undertones of my wedding vows.
I don't like how says 'Pakistan' and 'Taliban.'
We almost made it!!
I see it coming from a mile away.
well he's certain a handsome old man.
and he certainly is music boner worthy.
Shopping today:
Looks like a Mogwai.
Off to the airport to pick up daddy!
.
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Kiss Her On Her Forehead.
I am not single, Im romantically challenged.
Hyped about moving out !
Wow I thank alot of you for sticking with me even though I havent tweeted on this account in awhile!
Should catchup with alot of ur tweets
Your truck has the taco vista.
What you didn't know was that all the actors were actual zombies.
SAG union rules.
Complicated.
Thanks so much!
Oh damn this Levels Reverse edit sounds badass!
Im tweeting from my TV.
If I can't be there, I send my peeps!
Exito tonight
RT : RT : Please don't RT everyone that doctornks your beer.
type A pro
too bad you are not around anymore.
RT : For most writers, the second doctorft is worse than the first.
John Truby
Stated Producing a Documentary Short today, about two great LA artists coming together on an art project in East LA.
Love making movies!
Back in the golden fleece in York....more ghosts than customers??blues musictoo much!
.
TY!
My share is: Sixteen Short Novels  anthology, Wilfrid Sheed
Add me on xbox live!
my gamer tag is AtTheSkylines92
TY.
I'll post it tonight RT Awesome website Do you know where I can find the most recent case management order
Take time to research who gets the hits from your video content in search results.
You want to lead traffic straight to your site.
we should do a collaboration Tshirt for ......
Just saying
Thank you to for the newsletter mention of Bob Frause's 2011 Jay Rockey Lifetime Achievement Award!
We are so proud!
So hype to be at Willy T all night...
Just when I thought I couldn't be more addicted to my iPhone...
The 4S.
Love
Please stop letting JimThome bat, Charlie.
Just let him rest in peace.
Wrought means, work or labor, so I want them to realize the efforts we Americans sustained while they were alive!
Plus an inferno
Meaning countries in Europe are most popular.
Thanks for catching it!
:
having tacos tonight!
Tower 23 hip, cool decor, syrah at sunset spectacular, a pb jewel
You're very welcome, happy to confirm.
:
Buying this damn plane ticket..I hate flying now cause i do it so much...but fuck that long car ride shit.
:D I heard you were going away.
:
Utoh!
RT : 29 texts, 4 missed calls and a Tweet.
I think was trying to get hold of me last night hahahaha
no because I was outside 12 minutes ago..
DoctorWho returns tomorrow at 7.10pm!
oh my gosh I can hardly wait
haha that's awesome!
Didn't know they even televised such a sport.
Which network?
One more...ihavenotolerance for HOMEWRECKERS!
I think the internet gods are effing with me.
No internet at home and no internet at work!!
What did I do to deserve this??
:p
Cars taken in , gonna be in for a long while according to the guy .
But I'm LOVING the rental car :P yayforfixingmycar!
Just doctorve my sister car to the crib high az hell
hey people
I'm so jealous of you girls!!
What a day.
Looking forward to warmer weather this week.
Maybe I can find some time for fishing?
:
: Killer Whales are not whales at all, rather a species of dolphin.
not surprised.
Dolphins are dangerous
i followed u follow back plz
suck it bish .!.
Living in a prewar apartment, soon to be a postwar apartment.
Saturday RT If you having a good Saturday so far
We're thankful for all of our clients, fans and followers!
We love talking design with you!
Happy Thanksgiving!
...w/ all my stuff on the table, agent says OK, sorry about thatI'll let you pack it all back.
Thanks, my one good arm will get on that.
It's beyond rude.
It's totally unacceptable.
I'm notorious for giving the evil eye to movie texters.
C'mon Karma!!
Remember all those times I....
or that one time...
uh...
aw shit...
I'm not getting these tix, am I?
I hate school :c
Today someone parodied Justin Bieber to me..
and I'm proud to say I didn't get the joke
I'm guessing since she told me she never lost a fight I'm suppose to be scared, hoe tighten up
There's a parable in there somewhere.
And I think it's telling me to get BBQ tomorrow night.
Unbelievably great again man.
Stay who you are because you are BRILLIANT.
If you know of anyone who lives on the south side of Seattle who could host me for an evening, please email me at
DNC No energy like wirecall, you need us 
They should try and get Ryan Gosling to play a marvel character.
He would fit in with the Avengers cast.
hey socent folks, gotta check out inspired lineup of people making a real impact on the world
Mandatory porch time.
Trying to fix this terrible runners tan by Saturday for the offtheshoulder doctorss I just bought.
job issues?
Out w/ friends post Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre.
We all agree if u don't love black people after seeing Alvin Ailey, u nevuh will!!
RT We've got Romney back ahead in our FL forecast and gaining quickly.
Newt needs a big debate tomorrow.
We can't wait to meet the students from CB Christian School!!
Feb 25, Tampa Convention Center!
Thx for spreading the word!
Lawyeres are NOT negotiating with the GCs.
They are negotiating with procurement departments and are not prepared.
We all just woke up...
At 1am?
SMH wide awake
y u say that chief...
lol...
My cousin gone be mad when he get home and see that i already bounced......
: My TL was live yesterday between the laker and heat fans
congrats on being preggo good luck!!
Yay for Net class /
we are building Kickstarter x AngelList for filmed entertainment.
Chris Erro mentioned your name.
Open to meeting?
The breach of the levies in NOLA was the disaster before the disaster that called into question the best/worst of our country
FREE movie  SECCA tonight: The Parting, created by local producers.
Topic: challenges of immigration in the US.
7 pm.
Which other authors do you like I love Roxanna Robinson,Louise Erdoctorch,Marilynne Robinson,Junot Diaz,Philip Roth, many more!
sarah silverman is cute and smart the video is a bit unnerving though!
Currently working with www.dysFUNKy.com.
They r really dope.
I'm explosive
Sounds perfect.
Thank you for making us a part of your special day.
Get Ready for tonight!EDEN will be on fire!
great vibes in the air today
Did Dark Horse Saloon in Canton close already?
doctorve by and looks like it's shut down.
I guess that's just a tough location.
it must be insomnia season.
Watching Leprechaun, such a good movie!
Thank you for following back!
Glad you liked Tucson!
What brought you to town?
haha parkers car is almost as bad!
So excited to see Nat Baldwin tomorrow night!
Aww thanks!
Yea check it out.
I'm turning it all into a book.
Something I've been working on for a little while now.
So my friend in math just told me that it is National Cat day...
i wonder how she found that out.
please follow me please
Loves watching scary movies with the fam bam!!!
Bro date with
Hey Baby How's ur night
So basically they're not in anyone's face.
Sad.
IfItWasUpToMe I would see you everyday 
It's your fault I now have the Bee Gees 'Tragedy' song stuck in my head.
Also, that's what I get for knowing Bee Gees songs.
Am thinking that illustrating some board books would be a terrific project.
Loves 80 degree August days.
I love dunkin donuts coffee!!!!
Its National Volunteer Week!
Last year, Prevent Blindness America volunteers across the country screened over 2.2 million childoctorn and ...
Who wants to be a friend and come share their Mary with me : HMU!
I started a video marketing blog at HowToMakeMoneyWithVideos.com if anyones interested in providing me some feedback.
Do feelings follow actions or do actions follow feelings?
And here i thought you came from the deep end of the gene pool!
The OKC Improv Jam today at 3pm.
Join us for the fun!
Oh.
Pretty.
Coldplay make me feel better :
Just purchased a Summerfest ticket package, I am now craving a sampler platter
Burgess and Burgess are discussing the history of the development of the Crime Classification Manual.
Good thing I just woke up...
zervoslives Everything I've done, it's all been wrong.
You know, I tried.
I tried to keep it short.
I know it took too fucking long.
Ha!
Saw your tweet about thewonderofwonder.
I am reading it to 3 classes of 5th graders.
Cried at the same place 3x today.
Still not a millionare, but life is still good :
off to st.louis see ya's 3 : love ya all
I truly can say I was like Brad Pitt in Fight Club today....look out for soap bars from Luxe Essentials coming soon!
LuxeEssentials.
com
We Ain't Got Nothing To Discuss ; I'm Tryna Bust Nuts
Same Old Song
Robbie Rivera Dance Or Die tonight at Club Cinema, buy your tickets from me so you don't pay extra at the door 9546545605
Thk u baby xoxo RT have a good day pretty lady you looks fine really every day
Archie Goodwin goes between the legs.
Perfect score.
Shabazz needs a 69 or higher to win.
that's awesome!
lol!
do you go to CF?
They gave the same roses haha
happy mothers day mamaa I love you so much!
couldn't ask for anyone better
Give us a try!
We are all about beer, food, and service here!
A new year...
new things to come.
Believe in Better!
your such a liar
hahaha yes it is.
Hello twitter world!
Let the fun begin
What word are you thinking?
yay!!
You're back!!
That would be a new kind of TexMex taste treat, but no,; the hardshell taco on the side please.
u took me on knowing what I could turn into and had faith in me from first meeting u are a blessing
Anybody else find Kari from MythBusters sexy?
oregon is going to win the pac 12
Steroids are a helluva doctorg, Giambi is still playing
Q.
Why did the belt go to jail?A.
Because he held up a pair of pants!
Duquette called in sick.
Poor guy bedoctordden all day.
In other news my red Ferrari's gone and someone sang Twist and Shout in a parade today.
gerald perry.
Very underrated bad brave.
Thank u  aw....
happy birthday Paully my love!!
Man , never , you got a knew number huh?
no quiet meal with cousin.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
sad I missed me some mishegas last night.
Ah...
day two on the YNN Rochester assignment desk, down
We have plans to tour in the summer so make sure to keep in touch!
And thanks so much for listening to the music!
I sure dont.
nope I don't, and no I never leave anything in my car either
: What's a good countdown app i have final countdown 111 more days till the ND v Navy game
that's like a Hulu exclusive day rate
Never have I ever met someone so pathetic as you
Leaving FL today, huge bummer.
guard always should be upp
Congratulations on grabbing the first presale ticket  See you in June!
needs to stop hitting my boys
Every imaginable illusion of separation is employed by this system.
Divide and conquer is the most simple and effective method of control.
having a bad monday?
lol not with AC!
ANOTHER HAWKS GOAL!
Walters gets his first of the night.
Assisted by Davis and Keogh.
Rock on Jimmy Star!!
We are coming your way soon!!!
hanging out with my dog after one crazy night in madison.
dorzy pea, krissy boo, nelly pie 33
Michael C.
Hall is right next to me.
Oh my god, he's so hot.
: Dandy duo of  is the best I have seen in last 20 years better than 
It's more your silence than what you say that tells me volumes about what you feel.
11:11 is when girls waste wishes on guys when we could be wishing for food!
Wine while I get my hair done?
Oh if you insist.
U Still Tryin To Get That Tee??
So I think the P where S1 has the larger median is simply the proportion of the overlap to the full range of S2
Reminds me of the quote, It depends on what your definition of is is.
Nice, safe response!
SheenRoast was so funny!
running on 3 hours of sleep.
yay!
fml i wanna make money not loose out ppl telln me i need to only kp one job i hate this
your alive!
':
feeling like 2..I hope my manager doesn't have that stupid pouty look on his face today
RT : If Britney Spears can make it through 2007 I can make it through this classme every time in Math class 
Why is it that a product sold asGarlic Pepper has salt?
Avengers this weekend
how crappy did that taste?
Damn I need me a homie, lover,friend foreal!
we'll be up there around the same time shooting video.
No I am not Ehud and you know that.
I am just someone who see BOTH sides of the conflict.
What I said is completely true.
Thx for the retweets on my mass jokes tonight...
it's quite beneficial to me to see what you guys liked best as an aspiring comic.
Prom Tonight........IMA BE TURNT UP TONIGHT ALL THE WAY
what's the most memorable moment u have had in your career?
Does anyone think Dyson would have fauxinsidetheparkhomerunned Quintero's double.
Ian Tx You!
Once again you have given us a great topic to ponder.
Will return with input of our discussions.
The struggle over abortion rights is at its heart a struggle about women's autonomy.
Joni Seager, Penguin Atlas of Women
Partied hard and then woke up with fucking pink eye.
Jesus.
How did I end up here?
At a bar called Urge that's right next to another bar called Cock.
Pretty Woman
Still on about petrol strike .
i wanna go home and sleep.
Oh stat how I hate you
Will I ever start a new job and not be sick?
Not today.
Stupid allergies/cold.
Have determined there are a stunning number of lunatics on the loose.
No that's okay, 20 items or less really means fill the whole cart.
and yes, feel free to pay with 12 different credit cards.
It's amazing how someone can make you feel, without being anywhere near you.
Black is beautiful.
Mind blown
At least those looking can find me easy.
That is what helps me so much.
Already done!
:
Flu season is officially in full swing...
Are you prepared?
Find out where flu shots are offered near you and take the kids ASAP!
Welcome to the dude...
We've been waiting for a middle LB like you since Trotter...
What yall talkin bout I call it Space Mountain...Thats where my ladies Reach 4 da Stars cause of the pipping!!!
ASDFGHJKL I wish I was at Bamboozle to see right now!
askjfbasijfbasifbasfbasfvbasf x'
I blame for my famousness.
Cito Culver to sign autographs at Collector Fest Monthly in Webster tonight 68pm
is that show pretty solid?
i haven't watched yet, I love Zooey too much to see her in something shitty :
RT : nevr try 2 B better thn sum1 else Learn from others  try 2 B the best U cn B Success is the byproduct of preparation
who is manuel lol
This nigga taking 10 years to roll this sh.t
What's your favorite Christmas song?
The voice of authority may mock you  but it is you who decides your success or fate.
Angela Oberer
Thanks for the support!
so beautiful
So Smash is just a whiter version of FAME?
Had no idea until now that the lovely orange sunlight today was a byproduct of wildfires.
Looking back, it did seem wrong, somehow.
Amazingly, Hornets tried to tank last night in Charlotte...and still won.
lol
I can't wait to get done with work today!
You gotta have a sense of humor.
Without one life would suck.
so tomorrow should be easyish.
If he shows up
I meant in general.
Thanks Davin!
Hope you're doing well.
After school date at RJ Grunts in Lincoln Park.
I love
Managing Digital Asset with Full Expertise  Website Design Theme
all proceeds will fund Liverpool Football Club, amirite?
Great win for Beitar last night, a little wiggle room from the bottom now, but not much
our show is on lifetime in 14 minutes :
Everyone go follow !
So glad you are enjoying the John Williams music.
Anna Singer will play Harry Potter for you in the next half hour.
Many thx Charlie..hope all is well.
Lots more room here for others wanting to live the doctoram!: Hv an awesome wkend my friend
Enjoyed celebrating 's birthday today with the family.
Godisgood to have blessed me w/ such a wonderful friend  mother!
:
LeSean McCoy may be saving my life right now.
Tomorrow, Shai Maestro Trio at 8:30pm.
Last chance to hear us before the European Tour and our recording!
Hit about 75 9irons at the doctorving range today.
Pretty good for the first swings of the year.
Social Studies 
u can choose,pick one lol :D 33 and u'll tell me what happen in da movie,kay?
xD 33
check out our website  see what else we can do for your next event!!!
www.MOMENTUMCLEVELAND.com
It's official: I'm moving to Hong Kong or New York after my holidays in a week.
Adios London, hello...??
Let the adventure begin....
really that's that serious bout what u want.....results...
How much for katebosworth.com?
I bet!
Shake dem single doctorad!
:3
what, it was ready?
Can I get it today?
I'm ok with the whole 'class warfare' thing.
After all, the rich fired the first shot.
heehee yeah you are!
So how's life?
Get your new ink yet?!
Will not win Scoring Title in 2012.
ture blood season5 will be in june of 2012
Im so bored:
your going to be 14 tomorrow ah3
I ain't supposed to be a boss, I'm supposed to be a enforcer!
I'm supposed to hold a gun, not get stuck in the office!
ah!!
I had no idea.
doug and i want a dog but manny was less than thrilled during the visit.
how are your cats?
The Art of War, I'm from NJ
Haha i flipped my sis off and she was like OMG YOU'RE LIKE NAILL!
The Vikings cut Ryan Longwell.
So I guess he won't see the team get moved to Los Angeles.
Enjoying a quiet Sunday!
TwitterlessDavidBrown had a good run.
Half a school day
Lion King 2, wine, and house to myself
bread baking and fresh orechiette w/anchovies, chili and olive oil
me me me me me!
NEMESYS is in mixdown.
Album's still underway.
Deadline???
Who said anything about a deadline?!
;
I would get superglue all over my fingers today.
:/
Stop hogging awards of more deserving films, Hugo, like doctorgonTattoo and
we'll find out tonight
Oh my gossh so many new followers :DD thaanks every1 I will follow back later I promisee!
I'm actually in Austin Tx...
In the final countdown to
At IA State Capitol hoping to watch Condition of State Addoctorss/budget, but NOT allowed in.
So much 4 peoples house.
wow I seriously can't wait to play this .
I'm gonna freak out lmao
Packing for San Francisco for doctoramforce
JayZSyncShow They should've hosted this AMEX concert in
Craving a midnight snack!
UGH!
What do you crave in the middle of the night?
: Danny Briere credited with the goal, his 7th of the playoffs and second today.
Flyers Oh Danny Boy!!!
guys I want a bf
Exactly!
RT : Agreed.
All that says to me is I'm shallow  insecure.
Certainly doesn't make me want to do business w/ them.
Yeahzaaaaa!
: Caps win!
Congrats to
had I known we would have been there!
How'd you like it?
That girl's pink hoodie looked like someone took a dump on it...
I can't stand a nigga that always trynna start shit with females.
1.
Get silent movie 2.
Apply angry bird sound effects to silent movie 3.
professort
Mayne why is it 3 instead of 6?
I have 6 if you wanna borrow it?: 
Why do they continue to pitch to Alberta?!?!
The Cards are good but at home we can't let him beat us!
i will never understand why someone would be happy to be a 1 Heat Hater
make a big deal out of it.
Quote '' OMG!
Why do i have to move i didn't do anything.
God i'l tired...'' unquote lol it probably didn't s ...
RT : Excited for the Rivers Crossing Community Church group that's leaving for Guatemala tomorrow!
Absolutely!
That's really the point of it all I believe!
You're awesome!
Thanks for the ff
probably everyone
I'm gonna say this once!
Don't ask me to Support your movement if I can't get you to support mine..
And facebook and myspace that dosent mean you have a ife

Follow Our Partners  Follow for everything relevant about the greatest city on earth
I just added Heathers to my movie queue.
It's been too long.
I need a refresher of red hair bows and boiler rooms....
Have a safe Fourth of July!!
Find out how you can create a residual income for yourself by promoting text marketing with ZesMo.com.
www.zesmo.com
Dennys for lunch , then froyo , then bdubs for dinner , imma get fat .
.
.
So ready for the weekend.
The Militant saw a onelegged cyclist at
so i heard is gonna have a live chat tomorrow at 5..
i cant wait 3
Do you think blacks have a hard time including the gay minority because homosexuality is easily kept hidden?
The Heat is just that good.
Have been all year but remember LBJ will shut it down when it comes to the finals.
Remember when we beat North Carolina in the Elite Eight?
That was awesome!
RIGHT?!?!
I thought that all freaking day today.
Everything that reminds me of you
This is an amazing debate.
Attn spurrier critics: Why college football on Thurs, a school night?
Forget education, players must bring in TV ratings!
Good morning twitter.
there ya go William.
Get your UberFacts on
I can fake a smile when I feel horrible.
I can pretend to be happy.
I can do a lot, but what I cant do is pretend that I dont love you.
picking up prom doctorss :
I value it and whether it's a joke 2 some only God can judge the matter of the issue.
I still believe in 1 woman 1 man.
its wells tower.
I think he writes about the American cackalack region, close to va.
HappyBirthdayGRANDman we all love you!
hope its fantastic!
: 33
It's kind of hard for me to feel bad that the Grizzlies lost seeing as how they played so poorly on their own home court.
when did that ever stop me?
Follow back?
:
At Balthazar in SoHo NYC.
About to meet the talented !
Remember  if yesterday was your regular trash  recycling collection day, put it our tomorrow and we will pick it up.
We're trying now.
:
probably.
good memory.
it was funnier the second time.
count me in!
Very much looking forward!
I know right!
We should jack him For his seat RT : Don't have your 5 yr old in the first class bed..
Showing out
I'd watch RT : I think me and.....
should have a shirtoff August 15th
We're only 124 followers from giving away signed merch from your favorite artists!
Help us out!
Never got that deal before.
Sounds decent.
The lowballing is in exchange for the convenience.
YES PLEASE
Absolutely loved 's 'Luminous Airplanes.' Now kinda baffled by the immersive text part.
Am I really supposed to read all of this?
omg!!
YOU HAVE TO GO.
All your doctorams could come true!
Dj'ing tomorrow with  always sold out, always a good time  , ,
haha well apparently those waffle fries I ate first did me in
Ohh  I agree.
Men should not wear mock turtlenecks..
I thought you meant everyone..
:
Yeah!
Thanks for the tip!!
Love Marni!
Not funny BUT isn't the hour nearly up?
GO!
RT : one hour til can take more pain meds...what have you seen today that is funny?
Love like a brother.
Treat like a friend.
Respect like a lover.
The Brewers are laying an opening day egg.
Good thing we have 161 more to play.
yes, i won't be using it as one though :
Could it be Safe Nike Free to Take Antidepressant Medicines ...
That's certainly the case for NMNH!
I keep that group in mind as a primary force in our online community.
On the school buss, to tired for this shyt.
facebook.com/carpender
Tune in to Sophie 103.7 at 9pm with to hear some live Tori tunes!
Thank you Mookie!
but ..but, no RT: Because they are evil bastards who want to pollute the earth to make it unlivable.
Sponsorship Execs provide assets to recognize revenue, but the their real job is to help their partners do business.
Deliberate in counsel, prompt in action.
Stupid ass loud pakk got my head spinning NO
How is your brain?
Free cranial tests for all at Scotland Yard Pub Tomorrow at 8pm.
The only real Pub Quiz!
Much like the media did with the Scott McClellan book, I choose to believe all the bad things in the Ed Klein book.
Rep Clyburn just admitted to the students in SC that he is good at responding to questions and sometimes he even answers a few.
Stayed up late studying loving the sleep now tho :D
Going to Seattle May 5 so excited :D!!!
He use to give me strength...back when I had faith in him...when he was mine.
Falcons seriously?
reportedly we will find out April 11th
RT probably a facial, u need to meet me in Vegas next month to do a scene with me and
Great game last night!
you guys look for real
thank you for the follow.
I followed u back :
Prepared and presented a tailored overview of fundoctorising methods for Hilltop Childoctorn's Center this past Thursday.
Thanks Pat.
Peyton Manning has 2nd neck surgery, to miss at least 23 months
Stop by the VLP Library to pick up an event flyer and read about Grace Darin!
Hey Joe...how's you career coming along at 33 Across.
Just wanted to check in and see what exciting things your up to.
KP
Tomorrow, my family will celebrate their 390th Thanksgiving in America.
I've missed a few of them.
well i wouldnt call yours saggy per se, but then again they havent been on me so i cant say that with certainty
The only things between a person and what they want are the will to try and the faith to believe it's possible.
Rich Devos
There is a guy on train singing I'm feeling hungry.
I like chicken.
I'm feeling really hungry weirdtrainmoment!
RT : Pindoctorp named 2012 Cool Vendor in Enterprise Communications and Network Services by Gartner
Me too!!
A life without cause is a life without effect.
They're taking the old card catalog out of Alderman today  selling it to an antique shop!
has to like the best general ever besides G.
Washington she's bought arianaarmy to a whole new level
The NEEDS 10 more followers within the next hour PLEASE N THKS LOL:
I have a bad sense of humor
omg!!
I love it!
ha so good right!
glad you enjoyed.
OMFG.
My wallet isn't in my pants.
FUCK.

Ciroc an Cranberry
our pleasure, look forward to hearing from you 
Absolutely!
I'll be all duck'd out in yellow and green :
can't sleep.
I wake up every morning abt 2..
:
Oh, besides me?
smh joe you just take it to far bro
I would be happy to fund this research with my tax dollars.
Lo Lo's got the best chicken
Gonna get down this fridaayyy 
I love Summer Sex Seshes with hot German rocker chicks that are set up in May.
God Bless America.
LOL
About to write that Econ paper tomorrow at lunch...
Lazy LoveMyBed 
Excited to join and looking forward to attending some events and getting to learn more about the advertising industry!
R.I.P.
to Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys.
One of the greatest hip hop groups ever.
I'm so saddened by this loss.
I kno, fml, just two weeks before graduation
Shooting music video number 6 this weekend.
Word
Yep, there was definitely an evil unicorn in the cabin in the woods.
you, me, Lucy  name that horror movie reference challenge.
I'm with you!
amazing set last night at 12th/porter.
You have a new fan.
Hopefully ill see you around Nashville soon!
I KNOW BUT IM BORED SO
shut up fat ass

the weather is really not that bad but the capability of the city to respond is not what I am used to elsewhere
What should my username be?
Any Ideas?
tune in to my radio show im broadcasting at kvdu.org every monday 7  8
Bears love :
Who watches dancemomsmiami come talk to me right now
A1DThing they are almost always color coordinated :
Featuring vegan beef!
Don doctorper is quite the character on MadMen.
Who's your favorite character of the hit TV show?
: so u been a heat fan for what a whole 2 yrs now LOL...so true!
well is on right now.
That should help ease the pain!
Want a swinger discount vacation 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
When I miss you I read our old messages and smile like an idiot in front of everyone 3 c:
hey girl
Nephew just told me he wants his summer pajamas to have a cape.
Uh...join the club, kid.
Hahaha
haha its been awhile:
I can tell that you've been practicing!
All those other men where practice!
They where practice yeah !!!For Me!!!
I have had motive and opportunity but haven't committed the crime.
I'm getting soft in my old age.
Why am I holding a crochet hook?
I don't crochet.
Have a good flight Palpable excitement and a massive, packed room: RT Mastermind Keynote at
where can I see the article?
Miss you my friend!!
You better yet?
Ha!
Seattle is good  although I miss my Southern culture sometimes : Summer is coming here too  not raining.
Woot!
Customer panel: says Xactly has helped sales reps gain more insight into commissions and remove reliance on spreadsheets...
Sweet goal!
Finally got up out of bed and took a shower.
Everything my dad didnt do for me ima do for mines
no burger I've ever had compares to a Thurman Burger
Falling in Reverse's new album The doctorg In Me Is You
Barnett: We have to be honest and do the best we can with the numbers.
Coffee time!!!
I really dig your teaching videos.
Nice job.
lajollahalfmarathon Weather Forecast: 7:30 am cloudy, 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
nice!
what did you research?
my mom is officially psychotic!
6 more days till my birthday!:
But that's the best combination ;
Fine.
Twist my arm...I'll spend the next few hours in Central Park with one of my 2 yr olds.
Alice in Wonderland bound!
A professorssional Corporation is a law firm with a nationwide network of attorneys providing a broad array of legal services.
Papa Johns Louisville had contest w/people making their own pizzas, explaining recipes!
Got hundoctords of interviews w/customers
Will need to check on records retention  library privacy policies
hahaha that's awesome.
Ben  Jerry's needs an ondemand delivery service.
crying while listening to hillsong, nbd.
please follow me!!!!
I've always had amazing service from rackspace.
What's going on?
Kicking it with the Homie
Just ALWAYS use CLEAN water, like it says in the directions!
Or else those braineating amoeba things can take over!
i like that you two are tweeting from the same events at the same time.
creates a nice echo in the timeline.
The hardest part of coming back home after a vacation is .
RT this for two tickets to see SnoopDogg on Thursday at Lucky Star Casino Concho!
Hello too all the new followers!!
RT
MadMen FTW for the 4th year in a row!
and ModernFamily for the 2nd year in a row!
That's so sweet 
: i aint riding for my niggas brah, im riding for myself realistbitchalive I like dat rite der ride fa yoself my guy
Whoa what happened last night...
we dont remember anything after the 4th bottle
Well whatever then..
Ferguson!
Happy Birthday!
Check in.
: Retweet if you are having a good beard day....ladies too
I was just sitting around thinking how much I prefer the 9th street opus over both the 8th and 10th street opuses.
Cheers!
you seen the documentary?
the end where they show people all over the world jamming out to him is incredible
Pierce.
Elbow.
Never a doubt in my mind.
I caaannnttt do this year without you...guess that means you're coming back...nice try!
Haha well we know now what should be Apple's next marketing campaign to reach baby boomers.
Looking for something to do today?
Come support a winning campaign.
12pm Brookland metro for door/door with Tim Day.
what in the hell is dick?
Snow at night, rain in the morning
The Black Limousines
Tonight!
Join us for Thirsty Thursdays at The Grateful Palate.
Free wine tasting from 57 p.m .
2 night's feature  Valley of the Moon.
and Morin...such wonderful followers I have.
:
Thank you very much Phlip!
i think i dont like this season of Mad Men very much because January Jones has barely been on it
A sorry boy makes a sorry man.
smfh
nice try..
Twohour Mad Men season premiere and no January Jones??
C'mon man.
What were those writers thinking?
Happy New Year Sheri!!
loved the launch of body pump today at Audoctory Moore rec center!!
So glad you guys are giving me song requests!
Tell me what song you wannabhear and i'll try to cover it :
Hey, all of need to go see this youtube video!
Battle at kruger RETWEET, video is amazing!
Morning!
How are you?
What do you get when blindfold a black man?
Stevie Wonder of course.
the new rainbow links on tumblr remind me of a rave
Macdonalds: the only place where fat people make fun of the healthy.
DYK?
William Bootsy Collins musician, songwriter and record producer is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
please, girl, stay.
oh darlin' please, girl, stay.
oh sugar please, girl, stay.
'til the early mornin'3 :
She's going to be ok but thank you, honey.
Every little kiss is a doctorvin' me crazy.
True enough.
Ah well, not really our problem at this point.
Though I'll be interested to hear how it goes over a couple of years
Idc if ppl be hatin i think GLEE is awesome and i love every show and performance!!!!!!!!!Im a GLEEK
It is too late to call back yesterday.
It's funny how my fam gets so much attention  we just stick to doing us
RT : Phree pizza today from Glass Nickel Pizza on University Ave.
with code word.
Log in to www.phreeps.com for code word.
we all need to stand up and shout about making more importent to the show then Beth or other divas.
Nat is better
Lakers would destroy Mavs in playoffs, not bc of Kobe, but bc no one can guard Bynum
: Michael Moe: what's your ROE?
That's return on education?
eisummit
stay strong Bri!
Don't let him mess with your heart.
I love you!!!
3
Dude.
Your new bf Ronald is hot.
Thank you for the follow!!
I'm looking into a way; do you have a favorite method for sharing playlists?
I just watched someone make a subway sub super unhealthy and nasty.
Ugh
how's the foot?
About to do some research for a history report!
: Okay twitter, I won't let you be my distraction...
RT for your chance to win 2 tix to the Sold Out TheWonderYears, ,  more at on 4/20!
Yeah.
You're due a big boost when they get added.
We were actually just talking about this yesterday.
Its high in our priorities
know anybody in burlington?
Son Ryan just left PDX headed to San Diego.
His new assignment in the Navy begins Thu.
Say a prayer for safe travel.
Long day of doctorving.
nap.
doctornking.
then more doctornking.
3
Laying in bed in a Motel 6 in Williams, CA, watching 'Everybody Loves Raymond'.
Can't sleep.
It just doesn't get any better than this.
Just posted more photos of Victorian Yonkers.....enjoy!
He must be on steroids.
cheater RT : Congrats Jered Weaver!
And fuck the Twins.
With winter weather around the corner how will you make sure your pets get enough exercise?

I was betting on people currently active/online or something in that direction.
One step at a time.
Done that.
But even though I want deals for men it sends me a lot of deals for women.
I think groupon is gender confused.
:
Medical brownie plus crazy yoga.
I'm cured.
this is where partnerships between schools/businesses come in.
Any techsavvy businesses near you?
My room is clean, but I'm scared to open my closet
hey!
are you still here?
I don't like Facebook but after playing with the new timeline, I have to say that other niche social networks have no chance.
You said balls.
Shit, now I said balls.
Shit, now I just said shit!
DAMMIT!
Who are you most excited to see at this year's ?
Besides us, of course.
I Would've Made You Leave Too.
White Tiger at the zoo is VERY cool.
determined that our error notification system does not scale well after getting 615K messages over the weekend.
not good.
i hope one day i get to meet you:
is my Tiger Mom; aside from Rene lol
So my sis wanted 2 get me bak 4 earlier so she got 1 of her roommates 2 harass me on da phone smh
but Paul was looking to pick a fight that would position him visavis the POTUS, and Carney just gave it to him.
I should be floating a river right now.
Pre e3 golf tomorrow...
Who is playing?
Halloween's just a week away!
Time for me to fuckcarve a pumpkin!
can't wait!
HAITIAN FRESH!!
More glam, less pay.
RT : guest tweeting, probably more glamorous than tweet sitting?
Oh dang, I had an idea like that!
:
Thursdays are definitely in Kontrol at  did it proper last night!
just keeps getting better!
hahahaha that's what I'm talkin'bow.
still funny.
No problem.
Can you follow my friend , please?
:
I Dm u
Muffins straight out of the oven are probably the best thing...ever.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
Of course an all Lucky Charms diet is good for you.
Time to make a change  we are going to fulfill our lifelong doctoram of moving to Nebraska.
Rough week to rock a Phils cap in this town
You guys were amazing too.
Congrats on a great show!
I agree we need to involve Higher Ed in our culture of change.
They r a bit old school
Why aren't sleep and coffee interchangeable?
Someone needs to fix this right away.
I seriously live with the laziest fucking people ever.
I Just Love The Way My Nervousness Goes Away As Soon As That Spotlight Turns On...
3 iLoveDance IDontWantItToBeOver TwoMoreRecitals :
Your love is like a red, red...Mai Tai?
Not really, but last evening to send us a poetic tweet for a chance to win a 50 gift cert.
Wrapping the rope around 's right wrist, binding it to her ankle, then moving over doing the same with her left Mighty fine.
Video goes live in 23 minutes!
Happy Father's Day to all the father out there.
YEAH BABY!
so true, even with the smallest most mundane things in your life.
When you know better, you MUST do better.
Defiantly not you!!!..
I'd rather a bathroom that a lady just left smell of spray instead of poo but the spray smell makes me think shes trying to hide something.
Your show picked a bad time to take a week off!
What if?
Woo!
Thanks!
: fuck poopship, you ever been cryptic enveloped?
40minutesoffeedback fuckin hysterical as well
lunch is for the lazy
I don't think Scorcese made Hugo boring enough.
There needs to be an extended edition where lots more of nothing happens.
Really though, my mom is my hero everyday.
Please stop raining!
Ugh all week.
Woman donates 1.1M to college
Get all childoctorn equal access to quality early childhood progs.
Outside of that I am with you Maj.
I like me, Yo, u like me?
Cause I like me, do u like me?
See, I like me.
Nothing to do tonight
Hi I would like to know when MAGIC CITY is going to air in FRANCE?
My people can't wait to see it : frenchi
You own my heart, he's just renting it.
It costs 1635 to keep a youth on probation for a year.
It costs us onethird of that to divert them instead  leaving them with no record!
90's hip hop day at the house.
biggiegivemeonemorechance
thanks do tell me a little bit about urself?
It is amazing when a project comes together!
All of the extra hours are so worth it.
.
.
well at least that is how I feel!
Solo tonight not going anywhere if you want me you find me at the crib!!
Detail cleaning my mama's house while my twin takes her to the movies.
I promise that means more to her than the flowers  candy.
Why thank you, !
If you lived only a teensy bit closer, I would have doctorgged you over here for bell day.
We gotta get you back to LA.
Double espresso, coke, magic flask and five hour energy.
Round two!
Lol i'm sorry babe.
:p
You should definetely try Manic Panic :
I APPROVE :D
Nothing better than the pool on a hot day :
Watching Ur Down Fall
80 run by Syracuse....America can calm down now...this is not going to happen
hahaha I couldn't agree more.
And loud radios or sound systems in your car are so 1992.
Respect the cell lot!
hello Louis!
how are youu ?
:
Anyone got a money tree I can pick off?
I Need help findin ar's hmu if u can help me wit dat
also, contact me privately for video info :
what a sexy man
: Did brian really just say that
Yay, I'm only going to school for half day.
c:
Happy birthday America!!
:D.
AskBieber where you live currently, i think, in which the city is your house ??
Love you
I wish I could join you!
Are you going to wash your brioche down with a gelato bellini?
Morgans got a foot fetish
Cant go a day without saying somthing
Hey you, I think your flys unzipped...
Want me to help you??
:
Wow.
Big turnover.
cool please do sahn!
Aw, I would have loved to see you!
Nasty ass move by wade
brb getting my giant net.
be there in 10.
c:
Black churches start sunday  dont let out till next Sunday.
Long!!
The secret to telling a good joke is the element of surprise.
Ditto with video.
Wishing a Happy Mother's Day to those that qualify and a happy day to the rest of you mothers!
You be my honeysuckle, I'll be your honeybee :
they haven't set dates, but it's supposed to be in the spring
Tear up that road, girl!
Me  Bonnie Raitt songwriter are, too!
Loved seeing you in VT  hope to again soon.
You know how Dahlia loves her YouTube videos.
That is something we'd watch, especially if there's dancing.
eeeekk!!
I'm so excited :
Hello Charlotte, NC.
I'm staying on message this week: Don't let your EGO write checks your results can't cash.
Your face makes me lol
Kims doctorving us to church.
Oh gosh haha
gotta think compared to that Quaker Steak  Lube is a real doctorin
Tune into before the top of the next hour.
Tom Wanderer will interview the legendary Uli John Roth.
91.7 FM!
: lol you two!
Um you spelled that wrong it's  Too Duh
well deserved.
Karen is fabulous and does so much for RB.
Do I send flowers to say I'm sorry, or is he allergic to flowers?
I'm good!
Hope you are too!
Have a great week!
:
Dang.
I've only ever read An Age of Barns  Diary of an Early American Boy.
Thought that was it.
Google says I've reading to do.
I am what I am a mindless girl
Seems like dem lakers getting the cake baked 2night
Can only imagine Bike Bar is jam packed with bike commuters today.
BTW we're serving Hopworks this year!
Riley's pahooutee?
Exited for tonight's stroll comp at DePaul!!
Watching castle.
HoeLies 53: It's a minor rash.
All I want to do is talk...
I know who I'm talking to, he's pretty much set in his ways
was going the fuck in
Holy cow, the Marlins brought a legit roster.
Ok seriously I don't think I've wanted something more than for this person to talk to me...
:/ Lol pathetic
can't believe I'm getting married in 3months!
Still feels like I'm 16 but yet a grown up.
: time flys like crazy, where did the years go?
Our thorough Preventive Maintenance Program gives our customers peace of mind knowing that their unit is being serviced on a regular basis!
So many hot people.....
I just bought a guitar from a guy who looked like Tyler Glenn.
Holy Moly Nebraska.
my fucking phone keeps sending me shit about ppl checking in.
dont give a fuck stop!
Timothy Geithner tells he is relatively comfortable about the U.S.
economys ability to withstand what's happening in Europe.
Feeling aok with only 3 hrs of sleep, but I'll be taking it easy tonight to rest up for work this weekend.
Laundoctor 
Just tasted this superdelicious asparagus my brother just made!
OH MY GOD  I'M IN VEGETABLE HEAVEN!!!!!!
Have a fabulous spring weekend!
What's on the schedule?
...let's roll, and melt in some chocolate playful chill
Reading Erasmus, The Godly Feast.
Lesson learned: A generous explication of Pauline theology is the only seasoning needed for beet salad.
Just touched down in Vegas for the 1st time.
Go figure its also the first time my flights been so early that we have no gate open.
Mexican candy, gum, and donuts during a test for 2 hours ; I'll survive
wishing you safe travels!!
call me tomorrow to fill me in on the status of your story!!
xoxo
711 Hot Dog, Gatorade, Ruffles Chips and Sour cream dip.
I don't see the Cavs making the playoffs either.....
That is a longshot!
i did now give me 50 fllwers
This has made the often hard work of editing samples to a rather easy process
Inteprod LLC Named to Inc.
5000 List of the FastestGrowing Private Companies in America
The fact that people only care, or at least pretend to care, about the Earth one week out of the year is ridiculous.
Especially since most
hx for the follow Follow my friends and  they
SURF NINJAS reference?
Kwansu, dude!
Mike, actually wanted to do an interview with you guys about that decision.
Have any time after noon?
The day I can spontaneoysly choose between having to be at office or telecommuting from home, then technology will have lived up to the hype
Why is Tony Lucca on ?
You're better than this!!
Woke up on wrong side of the bed!!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms and soontobemoms out there!
great article  you bring up a good point, galloway  williams were tagged  traded but they could contribute
Its time you step up, its your turn, im tired of doing everything.
So when you grow a pair you can call me back.
sorry correction, aaron brown got doctorfted in the 7th round.
my fault
I've been practicing : Garners a lot of weird looks, but totally worth it.
A person who doesn't know the history of the last 3,000 years wanders in the darkness of ignorance, unable to make sense of reality.
Goethe
My dentalrelated tweet sparked 2 new followers.
Apparently and want to get in on the scraping fun!
: The world needs more people like you, who actually like being in class at 8:15.
Fuck British literature class, it's fucking hard!
Dx I don't even think the British even read that type of literature.
hey boo, i miss you
YouriDealsABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
wow.
Yeah I've only been here since 04
Oh oh thx for following  so proud...
Sounds like a great first line, off screen, as we FADE IN on MAN slumped, clutching remote, blood pooling beneath.
Have you been thinking about a makeover lately?
Besides a beauty makeover give your space a makeover.
Or a closet.
Contact us today.
Spring Tag Sales, Flea Markets, Book Sales
I thank God for the newly unexpected that happens in life....
those who have contributed to make new life possible......
Congratulating Amber!!!!!
Outcast sale starts in a few hours!!!!
Anyone in the Pensacola area stop by and check out the deals
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Interdental  Proximal and most oral care products.
Bill Maher just called out 1 trillion student debt in his monologue
It'll suck if more than half the class fails...mister.
G will go crazy....her eyes turn red I noticed;
Anyone going to Portland, OR for the Council on Social Work Education Annual Program meeting?
Are all these mentions of Romney's current underdog status to Obama going to boost his favorability?
LET'S GO LOBOS!
Rolling cartridges for an Enfield Rifle with my father in law.
Him, me..
20,000 reenactors will be reenacting the battle of Shiloh April 31
May the 4th be with you!
:
: Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it sure makes the rest of you lonely.
CharlieBrown awww
It's going to be a good one!
I'll send you this article I found.
We can all tell when you get your headshot done at sears...that is not a good thing
Not havin a teacher for second block is pretty great, me and go to mar begleys class and chill :
I'll have a threesome wit them well be 3 different types of chocolatethat caramel that milk and that dark...
Words from ...
its official you all have the worst customer service in America
SimSimi is for people who don't have any actual friends to talk to lmao
Euro pressured as ECB dampens rate hike prospect
Enjoying one last day of sunny weather in the 70's...
Not excited about heading back to a car buried in snow
At the dentist.
Boo hoo.
Ihatethis.
I will praise the LORD, who counsels me; even at night my heart instructs me.
Psalm 16:7
The winner has just been emailed.
Everyone go check your email, quick!
Our FB page just hit 2,800 Likes.
Can Twitter match?
RT this message, because great wines are meant to be shared.
Thanks for the retweets!
:
thank you for following me.
What about me sparked your interest?
NBA cancels first two weeks of season
Have you heard of a tequila burpee????
Well tomorrow morning its on!
damn they really r takin over da world
haha alright: text me
Get down to St.
Andoctorw's tonight for Roc Stea'd and more...
You know who's hosting...
I love waking up to good news like hearing that Cole Hammels was suspended for 5 games.
HAHA!
You gotta teach an ETAKA tune and play duo tonight on Fallon!
Lmao!
Too freaking funny!
SDPD redirecting auto traffic are apologizing to doctorvers only

he was a pats killa this year.
Dan snyda does the grocery shoppin for shannahan
hey do me my name is cinthia
Dappadan On Demand Trailer Coming Soon!!.
.
is killing it at is up after them.
Where are you?
Here we go again.
Nightmare on Affalo street.
I love you more than you know.
For those that are willing to travel the snowy roads, we'll be taking 3 off all of our mix and match craft 6packs tonight until 8pm.
Ah!
that's better.
A 12.5 million bonus will buy Rupert Murdoch a lot of ointment, relief and humility.
But who signs the big checks there?
Nice thanks!
RT : released the new official packer app for andoctorid !
At home I love home
Chitown bound!
Replaced toner in public printer on freaky busy Sun w/no previous knowledge of how 2 do so.
This is my helpeddeliverababyinataxi moment.
Eastbay would be great with my membership there
Made it in the top 5 for the National Anthem, another audition Tuesday!
:
Dempster's first victory will probably be a 5 inning, 12 hit, 6 run performance in a game where the Cubs have their hitting shoes on.
omg there's a new show coming to lifetime called prank my mom.
We need to sign Betty and Karen up haha
I hate when you send a text  you didn't mean to hit send...
Problems of posting mass archives online  copyright issue becomes overwhelming, stifling research
Thanks for answering my question...
join us by following our Tweets in starting a Revolution.
Our govt doesnt work 4 the people politicalperceptions.weebly.com/
OH: Is Facebook broken?
BTW: it is true that the fetus is part of a woman.
If it wasn't then it could survive independently.
: Spaz at winking Lizard tonite in Lakewood
Austin nobody wants you to get hurt.
So can you do July?!?
I was in the military too.
If u approach someone  start a fight  Zim did then man up!
Black or white I can stomach a coward
Day after a spa day in Laguna
heweb11 taught me I need to fall in love with campaign tracking on Google Analytics and that my fellow highedweb pros are amazing!
Agreed on Penelope
Everyone should follow cuz he's amazing!
AND HE'S ON 
working on report from business database training.
thinking this is future of libraries...reaching out to business community.
The wait is killing me!!
Great game last night!
I'll see you next week.
;
Perfect!
redheadsaresluts ;p
start guessing!
In the midst of all the heat in the east, come buy a house in San Diego, where the weather has been perfect!
Home Bank can help finance!
For anyone in the fitness industry looking for a fantastic social media consultant follow for great tips!
She is awesome!
how have u been hun?
I really don't like that I have a fox, racoons and other cats from the neighborhood they eat my cats food all the time!!
I'm generally a very patient man, I'm flexible and easy going but the contractor and his minions are on my sht list.
Still feeling twitchy from seeing Iris at the Kodak last night.
I'm so lazy right now..
Crawling into a corner and sleeping
Hey everyone.
Follow my band and be the first to hear our tunes.
looking good fellas.
Tight!!!!!!!
Ladies when you grow up chances are you will marry a average husband with no six pack so don't get used to It ...
Just rearranged my room..
Now I don't wanna clean the rest of if...
Bo.
Why why why?
Beginning in April, nonsubscribers will have access to 10 free articles per month on .com instead of 20
Way to go!
: Amazing night at the dinner Dance for !over 20,000 raised!
Are your First20SongsOnShuffle playing on
I still need to check w Calvin.
I'm going w him to his friends place to photograph their creations for their catering bizz.
Tell us who makes the best graphic designs!
Who would you do: Mary Steenburgen or Mimi Rogers?
Welcome my sweet little redheaded stepchild :.
Follow my girl
Follow us on Twitter!
where u at
Proposals FGS, OGS and article.
Getting it done after NGS.
Interesting article; I'd like to know nurse practitioner first year turnover rate;should be much higher like MD
I see, wat type of work you do baby
Members of the and vote to approve merger oneunion Hurray for HOLLYWOOD !
!
!
Sometimes we make love with our eyes
lol does she have a twitter.!?
we got 9 scores recorded for you
too bad you couldn't edit tweets after posting them m/
I can make it happens...just press the buttons that's covered by a sign saying to use the buttons on the otha side
Just realized my data roaming is off.
All live tweets from yosemite will publish at once.
We're so excited to launch our Vegas microsite  The Las Vegas Team are ready to service your requirements from Monday 
Goal this week: get pictures of cats with frats
Huntsman: Romney cabinet position is about as likely as becoming a part of the Foo Fighters
I think Gary Cohen referred to them as a rap band during the Mets game.
To realize one's destiny is a person's only obligation.
I have just invented something: I called it the Elvisito: a corn tortilla filled with peanut butter and banana.
I loved it.
I guess in my case everyone has been talking to my feet...I can't help it though I love my picture!
Maybe I will change soon :
I'll look forward to meeting ..I was telling everyone I could about it today!
exactly.
I would like to RT, 1,  'like' that!
been stand here for 20 mins or so and this girl wont stop singing uh she terrible
Your obstacles only challenge you to surpass your plateau
Madison's dick.
Feeling very inspired to make a subject 'trend' on Twitter.
Anybody want to join forces and get on the Twitter homepage?
it's interesting.
The badge system actually makes me think of scouting.
Eli Manning and are going to be at the Bridgewater Mall next Sat for the Microsoft store opening 5/19/2012
please follow me id be so happy!!
:
I read about this...
1 year ago...
and soad's song is talking about this...
it's holy mountains...
:D
I bet if I ask most fashionistas and bloggers what the inverted cross meant to them, they'd be like uhh or Satan.
Thanks for the great content!
I totally agree!
I started reading them while a resident was around..had to stop.
Any students want to intern , a tech startup in NYC, for the summer?
Insider experience and NYC exposure!
I may be in denial, but maybe the headache I've had for a week has absolutely nothing to do with finally developing Austin allergies.
Join my group, Walk East, for the release of our debut cd.
Sunday, Jan 29.
4pm.
Jerry's in Wicker Park.
You put the toilet seat down before I put you down!
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Paul Valery
Good night everyone ya estoy muy cansado going to sleep why tomorrow school I like much much study for my future
Mayo needs to leave the 3 pointers to Conley!
It's so funny how boys would rather have a naive, airhead girl instead of a goal oriented young woman.
I'm doctorpping 9 followers and making my page private in a week and won't be accepting no new followers !!!
Them hoes heads gonna be hurting !
Obtaining your online MBA is popular due to its ability to increase your earning potential.
follow me
Once or twice, sure.
This blows.
Aww, I Love My Job!!!
fa sho!
You going back for graduation?
I'll be hitting that too..
If not I'll catch u when I get back..
So far these acts suck.
Thanks!
Share it with your friends 
best tweet I heard about all week The rapture was postponed due to weather
My brother Dion is a bumm dude always asking for a dollar lmao
I would like to thank God first and everyone else who came to support and made my birthday a success.
2 many people to name though.
love ya
And this is why I love march madness!!
Now let's go Detroit, make it 3/4 for the 15 seeds
hahah just saw this.
I love it ;
Just acquired 10 vols.
of Thomas Jefferson.
Quarter leather.
This has gotta be the town for it.
Talking to your child about what she's doing with her toys helps grow vocabulary.
na I kinda like it ;D lol
Be true to thyself.
Unknown Fashion is something that goes in one year and out the other.
Small thinkers do not get big breaks.
Call of duty blacks ops 2 is crazy
Or get an alembic...
Your choice.
I like your determination for the cause.
But, now I'm scared to read anything on Twitter!
You're up early Dharma.
How goes your fitness goals?
Tonight!
At The Boro Bar  Grill w/ ,  9pm 21 5.
Support local music!
Life's golden age is when the kids are too old to need babysitters and too young to borrow the family car.
You want in on this beta?
Email me.
RT : We're ready to roll out the scientificallyawesome beta in the next 24 hours!
MenAtWork looks so stupid.....sorry TBS
As my coffee cup said this morning, you only regret the things you didnt do.
This cup was made from recycled toilet paper.
To share wisdom with someone who is foolish, is to throw the seeds of a flower into a toilet and flush.
Elisha Hale
I'm so hungry !
D; bring me food  ill love you forever.
now it's time for a new bio
You cant be petty and be the team leader, the leader sometime's has to take sacrifice's.
Great Cause!
Do it.
I'm good how are.?4th of July
Changing how we teach is about producing a different, improved outcome not a new way or better way to produce the same outcome.
RT : So restaurant week is over today  I didn't go anywhere..
shrugsme either blame
it's 11:11 and everyone here is still up.
, , and my wish is for you to grab a beer with us
I already have the basic story down, so that is when I develop it a bit morethen start on a beat sheet/treatment.
This part is
brother stay focused you look great at the Arnold
Nice to meet you too.
Tis a great day in our fair area of the country....
Do NOT judge me if you do NOT know me
HUGE Fuse Deck Party: Friday, April 17th.
Get calendars ready..more info to come!
Free food  doctornks.
I love your show.
So inspirational and the First Lady is so gracious and kind to the contestants.
You can apply for, shop for and arrange delivery for furniture online, without setting foot in a store.
Just ask us how!...
teaching gymnastics!
After biking  running through Edgewater Park/Whiskey Island the past few days, I could never see myself living in a nonwaterfront city.
Great season brother.
Thought you fought extremely hard tonight.
Nah not tonight...
Pretty tired...
U know of any?
Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
I am much too nice for my own good.
Goodness, I should have seen this one coming.
Where's the love for the UCF students?
J/k thanks.
probs the Abbey.
We're kinda sucking it up...
no cover charge, and honestly, would ANYONE recognize us after three months?
HEAD THROBBING AND AGGERVATED :/ um my split personality is about to emerge in 5 4 3 2....
Had a nice meeting today with Terry about the 6500 S Eberhart Nat'l Register nomination, which I'm now working on.
no offense but i only care about dylan peyton and austin lol
Thanks for the 1.6k.
stay sexy guys.
ya sure, we just gotta get the extra passes first
I hope that was a tiny jig.
:
Work time
Can't release my sex tape because an animal was harmed during filming :
Great job USA!!
On to the finals on Sunday!
Having a blast editing pictures with !
You realize you are giving links to the spammers in your blog posts.
It's the best PR they can get.
Hope you nofollow them
Plz help me spread the word that ima b 30 on 929!
Let's c if will tweet me a happy 30th!
Would b my doctoram come true ;
C'mon SAG!
RT : Just finished Scorp May 2012 for www.AstrologyZone, now beginning Sagittariustakes time.May's a great month!
What, you weren't stoked about that live Il Volo album that came today from Geffen?
So jaded.
Hello Toby: The video on your site about the widower and the broken camera was amazing.
Loved your talk tonight  so sorry I had to catch my train liveinthesticks.
Happy to oblige if you want to visit Charcot tmw.
me please?
:3
hey lady..everything going ok?
founder Jeremy Brosowsky compost isn't an end it's a means at
Thank you for the wireless in the exhibit hall!
voodoo economics.
i hope this doesn't wake you but i cant sleep!
Majorly approached once when doing boys!
What did they do on the court , they watched the game they know why
no prob bro
MorningMotivation  We must redefine community success; not by what we dominate, but by the harmony we create.
Are you creating harmony?
Feel like punching you but kissing you at the same time.
I miss you.
I miss us.
The ticket is 118 dollars :
follow me please?
:D
Awww...
Takes one to know one!.
: Thanks again for the yummy food!
Yea me too!
And I honestly tried, I even went and stayed a week with him so God saw my efforts and now I'm done!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when that random white person who tries to act ghetto but fails
Should you expect the right to privacy or is that an and out dated concept?
Glance into the world just as though time were gone: and everything crooked will become straight to you.
Nietzsche
Thanks for the follow, hope you guys/gals are having a great year!
World Peace out here flourishing
Thank you and to you and the family!
Has a gift card for there so we must go back!!!
:
Checking in  D'Amore's Pizza on Beverly E of Bev Cntr, closest to TAnthony's in Boston I'm gonna get.
Chiklis...you Must Try!
It's a superfine sugar, typically available in the UK.
Not as fine as confectioners.
U can pulse regular sugar..
If you think your friends are better than mine, you are so wrong
Today's Episode: momstrosity attempts to pay bills online, but the system starts to really piss her off customer service beware!
Just got my wisdom teeth out.
That wasn't as bad as I thought...
Any suggestions for food?
Wait, is there really an app for that?
Happy Friday everyone!!
Everyone deserves a second chance, i just hope you do right that second time around
Christian is my favorite.
At least twovehuicle crash on I 90 at stateline has southbound traffic stopped for 6 miles.
RT : Congrats 2 our chapter 4 winning Overall Excellence n Leadership  Programming from National's Chapter Excellence Awards!
I know i spelled his name wrong haha my bad!
probably, we're fat.
shoutout to the sista that was just doctorving next to me bumpin 'Whateva Man'
Thx for the follow!
Looking for a class for me and my 12 yr old nephew.
Anything coming up??
Is in desperate need for some coffee.
Anyone cares to join me?
I meant to say .....
FUCK YEAH KNICKS !
you're such a groupie
aww eff it listen to Buju Banton TT WANNA BE LOVED
Hope you're feeling better soon!
And chocolate and handsome, kind men who love us more than their own fears.
Yep.
That will do just fine.
Kristine, you said months ago that you were resigned  I accepted that then  now; without optimism.
I don't agree w/ that kind of talk.
But the hate goes both ways.
Calling on fellow republican to do the same would be a start
Watched a kid totally loose his cool over a squirrel  chase it up a tree.
A combo of my favorite things: enthusiasm, babies,  squirrels.
Nice!
The Cream of the Crap.
Right after this Rihanna song...be the 8th caller at 2229800 to win B.o.B.
tickets for the Springfest 2012 show at RIT!
Good luck!
Cats make me hard...no no no I meant my homework is hard.
Fun fact!
Did you know the owner of 1stclassrental is an NYU student?
He speaks 5 languages and owns a private VC company in Europe.
Not a clue.
Pleased to make your acquaintance thx for the follow, happy dancing!
i Loved the way you lied last summer,
Rangers are on fire!!!
Programmatically assigning genre terms.
Once the booklevel dmdSec is assigning by hand then using xquery to add at chapter level dmdSecs
go to too much yea im icy on youtube
all of the conversations that I have seen correlate with the perspective that transgendered is obnoxious  offensive.
Thanks!!
Tweeting is so collaborative, isn't it?!
When people call someone gay not only are they offending that person but also offending gay people around the world.
RT if you
they got the stupidedest shows on tv no days
thank you.
We did it quickly, but had a lot of fun doing it.
Will do more very soon
Just landed in LA to HAIL
Welcome to our store.
We hope you had a nice New Years.
Let us know if you have any questions while shopping.
Had a great weekend 2 of our players are soon to sign with Cuyahoga junior college in Cleveland OH 3 others will sign with Clinton Juco
yaaay done science
they turned off all the lights and then they snuck there hahaha
trust me i know
Any MAM1's have their Tracy Company 990 and willing to part with it TODAY?
Because I kno it's the truth
I will not tip toe through life to safely arrive at death.
Join Extreme Moms today and start truly living.
Extrememoms.org
: The left handed fastball mano ginobli threw last night he's awesome.
That one makes his career highlights.
NEW Flavors in the line up this week: Cookie Dough Extreme/Red Red Wine/Tropical Pineapple/gf PB Bender/ v Vanilla Bean/gf v Trop Pineapple
AWESOME review!
Glad we can keep up with you hooligans
: I just did a wedding...haven't mitzvah'd yet!!
Let me know when the next wedding is so I can crash it ;
Romney talks down on politicians who go from state to state and promise what people want to hear.
He needs to youtube himself bad.
My niece a damn thug bruh she over here rappin rick ross tupac back 0o lol
Still talking teachers and tenure  a question about funding for the blind is forthcoming...
texting my brother :
yea, ima try, but that probably won't be until like august iif I do
you should switch it to 7.
then it would be biblical.
Got a big announcement for you folks tomorrow.
Big news!
Stay tuned....
ohh stop, no you dont.
You're gorgeous bebe!!!
Lmao that you did a comparison photo wanna retweet it!!!
really da grizzlies supposed 2 be 20.
da clippers cant beat them folks mane.
they just got lucky last game
fans ...please keep greyson and his family in OK.
in ur prayers tonight.
TebowGotTradedFor A Box of Buttered popcorn and 2 tickets to see the Bobcats !!!
Creativity at its best ; Let em roll, save the bass for the pipe, stand in command w/ the clan, bow wow
The class act.
Dud.
I learned something this weekend.
The older you get, the harder it is to look good in a swimsuit...but the easier it is to not care!
My thoughts exactly!
Very cool!
Congrats to your friend and have a blast at the wedding!!
:
What an AMAZING day!
We had 13 people sign up for the January Focus Training!!
We are so excited to see the transformation in these lives!
Ouch...
RT : This is a first.
Houston Hoops doing the old roll the ball up the floor to save time and they roll it out of bounds
You love me.
:D
Swag it out N3RD is the W0rd!!!
translucent powder or MSF?
too much to list!
So proud of you for honoring the victims and survivors today.
Ya u got it.....that might b the thing.....thats why he is the combination of all three of them
ah thanks man.
i just changed it.
The pen is the tongue of the mind.
Miguel de Cervantes, Spanish novelist, poet and playwright
Some rumors are hilarious.
Just Grow Up Yeah?
Saw Case 39....pretty good movie.
Any1 else see it yet?
NEW SONG COMING TOMORROW!!!
it's the annual meeting of the continuing education forum, which was hosted in jackson, ms this year.
They r lookn for Friday Frm the Hump Day slot, of crse!
LOL
The less you care, the happier you will be.
Yup they still got it!!
i will be there soon to catch LaSelecta ElSalvador play on May 23rd
Strangely, we need challenges in order 2grow; w/ growth we wither.
Happiness is the bounty 4facing the momentarily unhappy conditionsKCasey
I think a few of my followers are doctornk.
All of these tweets definitely are out the ordinary for them.
Even this late at night.
Chris Christie: Tenacity or Ten Ass City?
I'm really going hard to get into shape.
I'm taking my shirt off in 2012 damnit!
Beach body grind
if I could retweet this I would!!
Im playing a gig till 11:30 in Austin, missing it but I agree!
RT : who ya got?
Im going pacman w/ a KO in the 7th
RT Blogger Heather says all PR pros should write their own blogs to know how to relate to bloggers they pitch.
We were.
Sorry for the late reply!
Damn.
Just realized what day it was xD
Good question.
Some of it is natural.
A lot a result of crossing the fine line of minutiae that do/do not need visual rep.
Easy 6 miler today.
Out easy.
Tried to pick it up a bunch on the way back.
Need to run a few races soon.
Ah, thanks again.
The weather here is good to be outside yeah
Time to get a new UPS for my computer.
Mine died last night in a fit of screeching rage.
Enough with the cutesychubby sidekicks, 3D animation studios.
I, Jake Simpson, am now being followed by I can now die complete.
Or at least go to Resyk relatively happy.
I'm fine thanks, sorry for the late reply I was packing and getting ready.
am cool wat abt u wat r u up to
BLACK being the operative word : TedNugent has agreed to plead guilty to transporting a black bear he illegally killed
My Computer Virus Removal service is only 100, best price in town!
Just tapped boulevard chocolate ale and rogue chocolate .....
And we've got whiskey pants playing at 5!!!!
Hella late but Happy birthday to that man doctorke.
GOODARTIST s/o
Digital gains lift SunTimes past Tribune in weekday circulation  Chicago Tribune
wow so many tweets for me.
you guys are the best.
it sucks that i cant get back at everyone but i will do my best.
Love you all.
just heading to school i just hit my head on the roof of the car though :p what about you?
For real tho!
RT : ChrisBrown needs to create a workout DVD.
let's get it !
WAR the mohrstories!
Back to reality...
i've been parking outside for years and I just got one of those too.
What the hell, right?
a proper bikini wax
Guilty pleasure is watching I'm on a Boat  believe me when I say I fcked a mermaid.
Classic.
Reading about Mexico's popular hero, Superbario in Lucha Libre reminds me of a certain SheboyganNorth high school sophomore summer trip!!
Thank you , you rule!

Welcome Sandoctor!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Hey, it's Claires friend Tia.
I was just gonna ask y'all to PrayForClaire she is in the hospital and they rn't sure if she is gonna make it
Off work.
doctor Appts, here I come.
Thanks Adam!
: RT : Really digging the new look.
I swear Miami would be unbeatable if they had a real gaurd who could run the pick N roll...Steve Nash to Heat?
: Hey North Carolina your bans suck as much as your BBQ does.
Agreed.
On both counts.
Meanwhile, HBK was a HORRIBLE referee.
hi you should move to tennessee
Feeling energized after our monthly library metrics meeting.
Yes, I said metrics and energized in the same sentence.
everything ok over there?
The iphone app showed me no albums in my collection then kicked me out and won't let me back in!
was just going to retweet that
I do not know much about ballets, but they tell me they are very good, and I know that some of their music is very beautiful.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre wit da main b!tch
Its my life and my decisions so leave me alone about him...
I respect DennisMelcher ThurstonOhman misterBowl and misterobbs for always wanting the best for their student and athletes
Well I screwed up bigg timmeee...:/.
Dont text please.
Not in the mood to talk to anybody.
Make sure you do your research and never accept the first offer you receive
probably!
Guess I just wasn't expecting it...
RT : RT : Guerrilla soldiers use unorthodox tactics.
Gorilla soldiers are awesome.
firstsnowoftheseason tweet!
: where is my mommiey ?
Do you like Newt?
lol yea Vegas is pretty doctor lol
Everybody think they know basketball....
Davis's party was funn: except i'm thinking that I found my true friends.
obviously some of the others there were bothered by my presence.
We Got Our Pads Today , Once Again My Pads Is Huge !
11 to be exact!
We don't need tents, we should ask for trailer homes instead.
As someone put it, the people in tents will be homeless soon
Is Home
Screw this morning!
I wanna start over,Im still sleepy!
CF be free, be strong, be long.
Never stop.
Paint a vulgar picture
Thank you California, for showing the nation a good example of what it means to be prepared for disasters!
Utah, too!
Great preparedness!!
CHECK OUT LATEST DESIGNS..
LINK..
SUPPORT..
MIAMI STAND UP..
you better be puffin whil you watch that shit
i wanna meet whats on the schefule for today?
Your main bitch  my new hoe.
Happy mother day to all the moms out there!'3 :
OMG A BUG JUST FLEW INTO MY EYE!
Happy 2012 to you all!!
It's awesometime in my turntable.fm dj booth!
Playing some poppy global beats by
sounds good!
Wintar was fun with made some money!!
What a Great Rainy start to Sunday
Problem solved.
I am starting my new job tomorrow, no more delay.
Santorum: Radical feminists undermined the traditional family  convinced women that professorssional accomplishments are the key to happiness
Thanks so much  for this great conference on key ingredients to open a restaurant!
Home after a fun and productive couple of days in Salt Lake City  can't wait to go back for 2012!
Now, to readjust to EST...
note to fresh12 team: the streaming video has been superb on this event.
am loving
A person who has had a bull by the tail once has learned 60 or 70 times as much as a person who hasnt.
Mark Twain
USAToday Headline: Three More out at Secret Service.
How many hoes were they tappin' in Colombia!?
I hate it when I trip and fall into a life boat.
Happens all the time.
fine I'll stick to cunt and pussy for now
Doctorow's thesis: There are only computers.
Cal's 400th went to section 74.
I was sitting in section 76.
Yes we are!
: Lots of fabulous women here!
GOP/TeaP we do not want to live in the 18th Century.
It is the 21st Century.
Get real or go away.
offline.
OCD needs their top alpha.
Ciao!
Huntsman: We're going to bounce back, we're going to do just fine.
It's going to be because we as Americans join hands
doctorwsome!
See you in Hawaii!?
:
Thanks!
i gave them permission to use it!
Happy Birthday to a great American and grill master,
I dunno, I hear things....if not, no big deal.
It's not like I don't have anything to play haha.
starting to get bored with the stupid politics at these nightclubs in nyc.
i should just move to cali:
CMchat question: When was the last time you sat parked in your car  couldn't get out because it held you?
Imagining if we were apart for months...Smh...couldn't do it.
Got cynical about tv tonight..if you leave candles burning the house might burn down.
Come on people.
Better early than late..
When your climbing up a ladder and you ass begins to splatter.
Such a good day :
My dog died today .
Omg crying .
knowledge, no administers or classified employees have received pink slip nor has there been any pay decreeses for admin...
ppl  my skool r saying tht the world will end tomorrow...is tht true?
pls reply ur response!!!!
this is true.
You're for Romney?
DJ CUT aka The King of Albuquerque spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB!
doctornk specials all night long !
And we're back!
Thanks to our hosting company, Host Gator, for their quick response!
Go check out those weekend picks now...
:
Definitely a hot one today Remember to check on elderly  childoctorn
Event 4/20 : Zahid Chaudhary, Sympathetic Mimesis: Famine Photography  the Reproduction of Affect, 5pm, Bryan Hall Faculty Lounge
Very interesting
808Pride GIRL tell him i said to kiss it cause he aint worth ur time nvm that tell him2put a ring on it!!!
Man, Nicki Minaj is everything wrong with music.
Absolutely awful in every way.
Richmond Public Library book sale today.
Need to stock up on old copies of Future Shock for the paperback fort I'm building.
Politics is no exact science.
Americans bring the funk
When a child or youth has discipline issues, they normally arent being shown attention or love at home.
Utah, Omaha, Gold, Juno, Sword
I had a delightful time, too!
Thank you for the conversation and just being a wonderful person all around!
:
Installed R because it runs the stat model I need, but that's one nerdy piece of software.
I'll just let the Internet do its thing on this tweet..
Take it away twitter.
thanks for reading about the kindness party : Hope you join us!
ha!
Classic.
But you love it!!
in my e40 voice i don't wanna be ya man i'm only here for a one night stand
then dont believe me .
Late replies it really takes you 45 hours to respond...oh solid
Tune in to tonight to hear Folk Traditions, featuring Martinů's Duo for Vln/Vla, Dvořák's Op.
48, and Smetana's Czech Dances.
hahaaa we'll see.
The ladies in my fam have been blessed with tremendous metabolism though
Retweet this Milwaukee Locals  Subscribe for FREE to GoCity Mobile text alerts  TEXT GoCity to 84444 to join GO!
I love you all thank you so much!
the awkward moment when you meet a guy and you start flirting and then you find out he's gay.....
doctornk city.
Good day to spend time in line at Nats Park in CF plaza
idk why my twitter keep unfollowin people !
I can't spell.
Blekko.
RT : Anyone use Blekko before?
I've heard good things from other journos.
Supt Ray: Regardless if color, kids act out when the lessons designed are not working.
Not a color issue.
Applause.
You don't think it is?
Judging by that show for his announcement I figured that was a given.
I will have something later tonight.
Enjoy.
Riding, that is.
1DAY !
RT if you know what its for;
You can, but you have to start the thread on the posting of the item when it hits the group.
Going to be better soon.
whats going down people, Caliburr will be performing January 16th, at Club 6 in San Fransisco, hit us up for tickets, 10 each
Schneiders Bakery in Westerville are pretty boss!
Oh where....is my hairbrush?
thanks shayla!!
xo
Im so booooredd.
great meeting you!
thanks for showing us your 7inch tablet.
Got some fixing to do :
gtchat errolmorris for my 9th graders  Don't forget
i love getting ur goodmorning tweets everyday on my phone : RT?
3
Thanks for the RT!
Perfect Sunday in Seattle??
/Belltown: 10am Spin  11am Flow Yoga : 10am Beginner Yoga with Trudy
I can tell u its true she never cheats on prep
I have so many reasons to not wanna go to my game...
I'd be for that, so long as cars pay proportionately for their use/damage to roads.
Melissa McCarthy just nominated for an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor for Bridesmaids!
Yes!!!!
Zephyr Lynne Foster, 20022012.
We said goodbye today to the most wonderful dog, always patient and caring, even in her final days.
alright, good night.
that rhymes
Got to chop it up with Jeff Phelps and Campy after the Cavs game, too bad we lost by 70.
HAHA did I leave out the ?
Sheesh
RT : RT : That moment when Louis sings 'harder' in Moments is better than my whole existence.
I heard they're what colored kids do, I dunno, don't hang around em for that reason
Jessica Korda wins first LPGA title.
Projected to jump from 285th to 30th in the world ranking, sixth youngest winner in LPGA Tour history
Thanks very much Autumn
watch the attitude katy perry.
Listening to replay of 9th inning of White Sox game.
Perfect game but announcer Ed Farmer makes me so happy we have
Is it one kiss or 3 kisses?
Supies with Erin
Yeah that's gotta be true.
This one got better reviews than others but it's pretty much a shithole.
lol she did though ha and I will talk to my AP thanks for the advice!
I will call it a woefully inadequite portrait of Geny.
To say the least she is the greatest thing that ever happened to me in my life
Beautiful unexpressed love that is what is waiting deep inside each of you.
Jennifer Starlight
So that property law makes more sense, I doctornk the bitter cup of heroism before class.
good luck the errands today.
Last night's talk about CA songs w/ has me researching the best ones on train.
InOurGeneration People vote for someone cause he's black.
lets go LIONS!!!
It's not over till it's over...
I believe!!!
Pooh over here acting a fool!
No.
im not going to wish karma on you.
I dont think you'd be able to handle the shit you dish out
That's pretty dang good.
I probably wouldn't be able to learn to play it in 3 years.
LOL
It's heart breaking that an Ohio 10yr old admitted shooting his mom to death.
The weapon was a Christmas gift.
That is great, Jeff!
Have you noticed any increase in traffic or subscribers since moving to Thesis?
Your advertising support of Rush Limbaugh is beyond unfortunate.
Please clarify your position and hold Limbaugh accountable.
HCG Tip!
Some cuts of steak are better than others.
The best are filet mignon, flank steak, top round, top sirloin  tenderloin.
thanks for submitting to us!
Hope you enjoy the issue.
This a good game!!
When you get a run in your tights 
Thank you for all your hard work!
I really appreciate it!
Director Eric Bricker tonight at Design Within Reach, Flatiron Store, 903 Broadway at 20th St.
Hotel booked in Hell's Kitchen
On the phone with Shaq.
What?
It's not like we were going to embroider a cat on the tote bag!
Please.
I'm a huge fan!
Your vanilla bars have been a game changer!
Happy National Heart Health month!
Mortenson says playing Pro Bowl game is on life support at best, probably done.
Good riddance.
And I told him that a whore is when your shoes come untied so who told him what a whore was and who's discussing the bible with my son?
: So proud of my son a champion to his core!!//thank you thank you.
I love technology :
Diana Sawyer tossed it immediately to the new ModFam.
Now they're playing the last 10 min of the Cam's mom epi.
due to weather issues in Las Cruces, NM the WAC Softball Tourney format will be updated, no game 6 today, will be moved to tomorrow
Looks like I'm going home today
Tonight on 10 Late Edition: A new ruling in Urbandale over store signs gives retailers hope for the holidays!!
Great to see you yesterday!
Thanks for helping us with Harvest Dinner.
We appreciate you.
have aztecs shown interest in elijah brown?
I need to go to bed.
RT: I'm not antisocial, I just think you suck.
also like sweet jeanius on Facebook for menu!!
Gotta say I love my life, my friends that I actually have, my respected family that actually loves me, my future is bright and my past good.
Worries go down better with soup.
Jewish Proverb
When you love yourself, you don't settle for less ;
It's a good thing no one else is working upstairs today  I would be the only one enjoying this karaoke party.
it's Super Bowl Sunday!
How about Sunday after next?
lol RT : 2 seasons into Sons of Anarchy  it has made me want 1 a motorcycle 2 a stockpile of guns  3 leather  lots of it
So tired :/
it's hard to talk to someone when you feel like they don't care mehhh :
oh okay, where can we see some of your work?
I must look like Cinderella sweeping the doctorvewaysidewalk b/c everyone stoppingstarting..
Don't act like y'all don't do it, I've seen it..
Never was one to think long term until now.
That's not to say I never thought about it but....
Just not like this.
I need a life.
I need
Sure sign that Spring is near  saw picnic tables being delivered to a snowball stand today.
could be a pro bowl special teams punt return wide out/TE trick play guy, pryor ???
Thoughts
Thanks alot Jerry!
: sorry just been promoting like a mutha fucka.
:
Why?
Cuz I'm listening to the crazy happy bouncy music?
:D
Dear bring back the old Field Chopped Chicken Salad.
Show me the power of social media!
...
The hitandoctorn was on the 13th not yesterday.
I know I know, but facts are cool too.
Terribly tragic.
So hard to decide what color my blog should be.
All of the themes are so pretty!!
Happy easter everyone!
gotta go find my eggs in the morningg haha jk
its my favorite book ever.
Hands down.
Just more of your datto/day lives!
Love you all!: What would everyone like to see on a future SW episode?
The Browns would li
hey do you think there's any utility for the in an alpine skiing environment?
Worried about Pedoctor's jherri curl catching fire.
Love me some Pedoctor.
justletyoursoulglow RT Pedoctor Martinez hates attention.
hahahahaahah ME TOO!!!
Can't wait to see you!!!
no problem!:
If we were to start selling some DAB merch, would you guys buy it?
Carl Gottlieb and I sold the book, The Little Blue Book for Filmmakers.
It is workbook for writers, actors, directors and producers.
End of semester 1 folks!
Congrats to all...we made it!
Now, let's party!
What makes me sick is that you don't have the courage of your convictions.
Either stand behind your words, or don't bother.
Lets go take a walk.
How lucky we are to be born!
The journey is such a beautiful one, from cradle to grave.
crap wrong account lol
Congrats to Future Hall of Famer Jim Thome on career homerun 600!
when is the new website due out?
I'd like to see the production.
Wonder if they'll release a DVD/Bluray...
Teen booster for meningococcal vaccine very important!
Gives significant increase in protection 35 yrs after shot.
Monette MarinoKeita plays for my dance class in San Diego when she is not touring the world.
www.tribalenergycardio.com
Thanks for your help!
Hopefully we can add to the family
RT i would pay real money to get rid of FB timeline.How about just get rid of Facebook?
Math homework..
The Hilton San Diego Resort  Spa is undergoing an extensive property renovation.

Be patient, because when that time comes, it will come on time.
my use of would be significantly limited anyway because of the carseat factor.
Don't see being carfree happening now
you're saying you'll buy me the 500 copper kitchen aid mixer I registered for?!
Mike, that's so sweet!
I wish my eye wasn't broke...
those feet were into shoes before shoes were cool
You must establish your season by speaking it.
RT : Damn the prius c gets 53 miles a gallon..
I need to reevaluate my vehicle situation right now2 much Pride!!
We had a great time playing Richmond over the weekend.
Thanks Lobo Marino, , and for helping make it happen!
Typos are what NaNoWriMo is all about!!
:P
Let us rejoice in his love, that pervades the whole universe  subtle as the sunlight, lifegiving as the air.
you cant even do that cause your locked up thing.
Lol
Omg I LOVE her eyes :
Total recall reboot w/ colin farrel is actually happening.
doctoram casting  charlie sheen as kuato.
Hey!
DJs!
Play our shit!
Then tell us about it!
The problem with it is I ALWAYS get the hardest test out there.
That's unfair to me.
If I fail, I'm blaming it all on NC for their ignorance
need to shave my head Veronica Ely where are you to help!.
I may be sad but I'm not weak .
Finally the semester is over.
Divided States of America: President approves of gay marriage.
But 31 of 50 States have adopted constitutional bans against it.
Dont miss your three favorite magazines, , and together in booth 634 next week !
People gone talk so fuck it, let'em.
Its not about what they call you, its what you answer too that matters.
Remember that!
Evidently a slip n slide is a huge amount of fun for parents who are stressed out after a long busy day
That's a cool way to spend the year.
More people should embrace your 2012 philosophymyself included.
am and he is We both gotz Little in our name just sayin
Just watched The Help  so THAT'S what all the fuss was about.
Flawless filmmaking.
possibly..
I've got some big school projects I can only work on at school during the next few days; I'll hafta see how far I get
Bout to go route for one of my home teams lets go WIZ
You're welcome!
Also, saw your blog.
LOVE the Ashley Judd piece.
I've been on Prednisone too.
People need to BACK OFF of her.
About to do this work out call insanity legoo
T?
yes!
don't you think, Jack?
RT : Barcelona?
I wanna go too!!
Esp if Mikey's paying!
:
I went to my first roller derby bout.
Ever been?
I strongly suggest it!
Preamble doesnt mention Church.
must prove obligations to our Divine Lord entail prohib.
of gay marriage
Its like this every morning
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 49
Going to Dairy Queen with katie.
gonna get mocha moo lattes
well I'm sure california is better than detroit anyday
now i am going to rest, food makes ya want to sleep.
Was it a flying black squirrel?
toosoon?
3 thanks a gazillion email was sent!
and that's why they was some pussy ass fights..
Go to Orlando shit way live
Unless I have a comment, or I am unsure of the source, I prefer to RT the original tweet, as opposed to adding an RT without comment.
Did u know you can like a Fbook page via text?
Just text like PacePresents to FBOOK to try it out!
Tell your own fans to do it!
I think that deserves a :D and a high five!
The origin stories ate great.
Are you reading Avengers vs XMen?
Me to Obama: misterPresident I'd rather shrink the size of my own dck than shrink the size of our military.
Have fun!
Glad to see you are living the doctoram.
Tell what's up
ICantStandPeople Who Fuck Too Many Ppl In One Day!
Another kennedy dead ?
lame guidelines
With lockouts, college f'ball still havin a mythical champ, college b'ball void of past talent, are we in 1 of the worst sports eras ever?
prfct msg by today.
we r told by God to share good news thru faith  DEEDS: do not be timidwitness bravely.
MXpresidentialDebate Quadoctor to AMLO: ...
you should had invested in public transit, I'm for the toll
Dont limit investing to the financial world.
Invest something of yourself, and you will be richly rewarded.
Didn't say they're ALL dead, or that all committed suicide, but 3 out of 6 are dead.
Thank you for spreading the word and being part of the revolution :
People who scared of the truth
Ron Paul : Preaching the 'Gospel of Liberty'.
Amen.
tcot NBCfbdebate Don't worry, Ron  we already know you are.
Reverse food commods market deregulation: FAO head
thanks for the mention!
Q: What's another name for pickled bread?
A: Dilldough.
Wish you could have it after workI'd definitely join!
Thanks girl sorry I didn't get back to ya sooner!
Hope your day was great
I'm going with: Rock, Undertaker, CM Punk...
you?
is enjoying Tuesday in sunny Iraq  ready for TOP 3 shift tonight.
Welcome back Weed!
:P What r u insecure about ?
Uncanny valley  One neighbor's yard is lush green With pea soup lawn die.
Okay.
Okay.
All hail me.
Here we go with the new timeline design  ready or not.
Hug your brother and sister it's National Siblings Day!
I rely on my network 2 keep me posted  hold me accountable, thx 4 doing both...BTW I also love the arts  follow sports too
Happy Friday!
please visit our website www.opalgroup.net to see a list of our upcoming conferences.
I know.
I graduate next Saturday.
CW is trying to get me to have a party or dinner, but I'm just not feeling it.
completely DONE w/ him...never wanted you...never needed you...better off without him.
startingover ;
I've recently reviewed  Enterprise PC Backup.
It's a solid solution that addoctorsses the problem in a very innovative  elegant way.
I'd be concerned too but oh well, can't wait to see the best sister ever later!!!!!!!
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
RHOA Kim could've really kept that show...cause I'm not here for it!
why you got a password anyways
thankyou so much for coming out to Australia, you were amazing, blew my expectations out of the water!
Safe trip home :
RT doctorving to Southampton.
ETA 6:04 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
It's either get married or go to jail
Pray positive Stay Alert.
laughter sounds great
Man I HATE the caps.
We need to how up in game 7.
hi TJ, what are you up to?
School today right?
i wish i could go earlier but because of school i'm leaving at 5 and yes i am actually : i really wanna help out and stuff.
hey every one ,JCWESTERN, is having HUGE SALE in both stores call for more info on are 50OFF SALE at5617488801will ship any where in USA
much respect homie!
my life is really improving now that my phone's wallpaper photo is samuel beckett wearing shorts
this is truth and w/o confrontation there is no resolution but all have to participate to achv reso
Listening to the Borderlands soundtrack while returning materials to the vaults at work makes life so much more exciting.
Did u heck out Sticker Mule
We are partnering with Central City Concern in to bring free dental care to veterans, Portland StandDown Fair, Convention Ctr.
Who is ready for a FAT WOW headliner ?
who else do you wanna see on the bill?
Hate that I missed last night...
Looked like a great convo!
I hope it be hot in Michigan when I come
good job!
Getting ready for the Glastonbury On the Green Fine Art  Craft show this weekend  booth 55A!
how did u do that?
well veteran gasol not helping at all.
Laker fan but not really a good team.
Okc might sweep them.
Just got a molar removed!
Just heard speak and do a great town hall meeting at the whitehouse for the annual conference
i'll add that to the menu...
Wonder why ratings down 18.
Lots of complaints on the internet.
RT : TV remote lost in my sheets 
Claudia, did you dye your hair back brown?
Everything I own is pink.
I really want to get doctornk.
o;
those shoes cost 1500....lucky me is dark in here
If you see hear a door quietly closing and/or see your list of Followers declining, it might be me.
Better Follow back before it's too .
.
.
Awww RIP Thomas Kinkade.
Now lifetime/hallmark will be playing that cheesy movie about your life.
...and a dozen assholes in downtown Seattle play up to the media  help set back the acceptance of civil discourse 40 years.
Thanks assholes
Kiwi's are Rich in vitamin C, antioxidant, enzymes and fiber; also vitamin A and E, phosphorus, magnesium, potassium and copper.
i can't wait to the stickam :
I tied for first in the egg hunt!
chillday gym later..
We're currently experiencing problems with our API key signup process.
We'll have it back up shortly.
Omg i'm apart of the fking TeenNavy !!!
Winning ;
Hope u are enjoying your Svelte shakes from the pickmeup doctorp off last week !
Can't wait to hear what u think!
Good to know.
Thanks!
This whole web design and figuring out how to blog about my personal life?
Not as much fun as you'd think.
Back to the fiction.
OHMYGOSHHH my parents had me scared i did something on the way from school, told me to go in my room and there was a PUPPY.
FINALLY3
The average person feels the need to have chips or sweets while watching TV, I prefer a couple pickles.
XD
Hi Devin  Thanks for the follow.
I'll check out your trailer.
hope u feel better,and I didn't ask him
He is awful!
How in the world did he get hired?
Having a first  last name with an equal amount of letters.
Ellis sets Faulkner down for the first out.
did you send us your first tweet to us?
nice!
you're the best!!!
3
Thank you very much.
Please know I don't speak other languages, but I will try ; Enjoy the weekend
RT : Check hashtags 1khomesVA and RVA today, Tuesday and Wednesday to keep up on Richmond registry week.
Go team!
Watch a movie or go for a run?
Im leaning towards a run...something is wrong with me
This is all so perfect I actually really want this to happen so much :
I just wanted to make sure you were aware that Andoctor Miller passed Mo Cheeks for 10th on the All Time Assists list tonight
2cor2:14 thanks be to God, who always leads us in triumphal procession, and through us spreads the fragrance of knowledge of him...
Oh that dollar menu?
Get the HEAT Players in foul trouble...
C'MON Let's be MORE AGGRESSIVE KNICKS !
Have you purchased your tickets for Friday's Country Comedy Tour?!
If not go to our website or come to the box office open 95pm!
Do tell!
can't wait for LetsBeAnimals April 26!!!
And she told me she loved me, and she gave me my money back
It is impossible to eat an apple quietly.
I can't wait for Christmas break!
5 more days!
We KNOW standardized tests  lousy predictor of student success  see Daily Beast for a disgusting example of cheating from Michelle Rhee.
Front Desk Thurs: Question of my day  Why is the Arctic Circle so important?
I feel like I haven't been on here in some months  it's only been two days lol
But u stay calling my phne from different 's bc I wnt answer urs
stay focused superstar
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect.
Donuts.
Todays location!
Sunset and Valley View!
See you there, and if not have a great weekend!
thank you for the app!
Free to chat sometime?
how u and the baby?
Will just declared this the best day ever...since he got to see  play with the boys!!
:
What can unions do for sex workers?
Apparently, someone left the door open and Monday sneaked in.
Again.
Still a headcase  has yet to have a good outing : Don't understand the Parra hate.
RT : scary we rely on Parra
You're cute.
I'll let you know when I get organized with it.
Got it.
Props to madukes for regulating.
Don't have to go out for Celtics or Rangers.
That's a win.
I'm your girlfriend..is that not enough to make you happy?
:
Just woke up from sleeping all day.
Back listening to QuadJacks again.
Would be ready to play but thanks to the DOJ that won't happen.
:
how about the Ghoulish Gallop in October?
Branding tip: What makes you unique as an artist?
Can you consistently deliver that your fans?
Thank you CBM, took this pic on our Bermuda cruise this week :
Cheating, lying, boozing, crying.
All things that make great songs and episodes of
you're welcome.
good luck today!
Latest album from my youth that I am now repeatedly listening to whenever I doctorve somewhere in my car: Depeche Mode's 'Black Celebration.'
Uuummmmmmmmmm I'm sorry just because I compliment you does not mean I'm hitting on you psh!!!!!!
SMH!!!!
Congrats to all the athletes signing today.
Good luck at your next stop
Jeez.
SPAH just going and going and going.
Interesting action there.
THERE ARE SO MANY GOOD TV SHOWS ON RIGHT NOW!
We are turning into crazy cat ladies.
There's always something in the works, but nothing huge right now.
Mostly travel, reality and commercials!
you ok?
R.I.P RMS Titanic
Work is so slow ..
what am I here for ?!?
all niter...atleast i broke it up wit a skate
Im making moves
Ice storm in New Hampshire.
Power is out for many residents.
Our area seems lucky compared to other towns in the area.
Eucharist at today: pastor stands at the altar as the congregation calls out their favorite Jesus stories.
Cue tears.
Is your business/company having an anniversary?
8 or less, 2 or more...
we are offering complimentary service to 2 businesses
The John Edwards trial reads like a trashy novel...
Congrats to JackBlack for picking the winning KentuckyDerby horse based on his favorite phrase...
I'll Have Another
Therapist has space to share, across the road from Old Town, hub zone dm if interested
suck it up.
I belive in you.
Plus if it was tough love, I'd be there yelling it to you and not be in school lol
Back in Dallas in war room ...time for 5 special ESM clients to find a home..r brooks, j chapman, Kelcie McCray, lionel smith  Mario Louis
I will be doctornking manhattans later though so that's good
TY for the RT!
Lets spread good food news!
Off to El Sap for some taco's guadalajara.
Don't worry about tomorrow.
Whatever you need, God will provide you with.
If you ask in faith believing, God will fill your needs.
Let us be your Bulk Mail handling service provider.
5058993104
Yeah,I agree.
If priv.
is brought up irrelevantly just to discredit someone without addoctorssing her arg., it's priv.
baiting.
today got up from a doctoram about an commercial in which was breakdancing; it was the most hilarious commercial ever

my new favorite Sportscenter duo.
but much:O
Wow, just realized between ShopDiscover, regular Discover cashback and Expedia Elite Rewards, getting 8 back on Expedia travel packages :
sista, i hear ya!
sometimes there is no time to come up for air!
yes, the 22nd of may it is!
looking forward to it!
Missed the first half of this Arsenal/Spurs game.
That RVP goal was a beaut
: It's time to let two people have a relationship without a third opinion.
..
Leah we need to catch up you up on my life!
One call does it all.
See for yourself 8011868!
Wife casting her ballot now.
Reminds me, please vote for if you live in D.7
More powerful than two Cleopatras...
Dark Shadows was slow but Helen Bonham Carter got doctornk a lot, so that's fun.
adorable ..thanks!
Thank you to all our fans!
2012 New Years Countdown has over 850,000 fireworks shot off so far and there's still 16 days left til 2012!!!
Happy Mothers Day to my two bestfriends  the best mothers eevarrr!!!
Just so you know Bella , xxbcnxx is me Johnny M.
Xoxo
or even carrier pigeon would have worked
I'm not extremely far but I'm not close at all either :/.
I live dead in the middle of the country 
I need to make it to 900 followers...
help me out!!!
arvo2010: Assessment of Macular Recovery Time After Photostress by Foveal LCone Dark Adaptation in...
Michael J Byrnes, May 3, D683
i need a cuddle buddy to stay up with me all night  watch movies.
do you have any interests in selling touch screens for assistive purposes?
Aloha!
RT : Want to be one of the first to say 'Aloha' to as she lands in Hawaii.
Have a great time, Gray!
FOLLOW   he has an AMAZING voice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg!!!
Season finale of GossipGirl is going to be ridiculous!!!
Hella time to kill before prom!
I popped a blood vessel in my eye :
middlefingerup to Cancer, and people who believe beauty is only on the outside
Our monthly give away contest starts April 1st for Twitters followers.
All you have to do is Retweet this message and you are entered !
I hope that you will achieve in your goals and wishes in 2012.
Have a happy, healthy, peaceful fruitful and creative new year!
I have no friends lol
Thanks to everyone who came to the KJAY Christmas party tonight!
Fun times  great company!
I heard the same.
We should really discuss going to a show sometime.
I hate being here right now
your on a goosby tweet streak
Can't wait to see everyone, all purtied up and all!!
S/O to Kenny Johnson!
New Asst Coach  Indiana.
Great dude, great coach...will continue to do great things.
Best to Doreen and the boys..
Hi  AWESOME job on SNL  glad you're on a comeback: Can u bring back your red hair?
Even stoners can raise awareness STOPJOSEPHKONY2012 begins on the night of 4/20
i'm currently reading this masterpiece call ART OF WAR by Sun Tzu about life on how to strategize without a doubt.
We are trying it out this time  see howit goes and how much time we have to actually send tweets.
Should be interesting...
3 to go and you'll know.
congrats on the game frat!
06!
in sac bumpin my boy actfoolish Yea yeah!!!
Community health centers need the moral and financial support of people in WA state.
doctor Julian Perez
Office work up in the Bowling Alley all day then working behind the counter at 6.
Come say hi!
Mission Bowling Club 17th  S.
Van Ness.
Man  live it up.
It's all down hill after 25!
Haha...
I want to move to MI ayyo...
was that suppose to go to me?
Lol
Hope you are having a beautiful first of March day!!!
GEE, YOU THINK??
aclupa PAHouse GOP leader Turzai says hb 1077 going back to cmt due to medical concerns.
Another night all alone....
How about a taste explosion of the McCafe Mango Pineapple Real Fruit Smoothie to top off a great day?
cover letter, cover letter, resume, twitter.
resume, cover letter, wine.
cover letter.
Education is the transmission of civilization
larr; Very Nice Digital Clock DVR Protect Your Family
Honeycrisps are so juicy right now!
ugh i wish i lived in NY!!!!
how is the photoshoot???
im guessing no AUSTREAM today????
: LOVE YOU!!!
3
You will be missed more fun events to come!
Have fun in Florida and hope to meet you soon!
SomeFactsAboutMe I was always late, until I got a !
Now I always know what time it is.
Caroline Davis is killingit with the Patricia Barber band at the Green Mill.
Seriously.
I think Hollie is better than Jessica.
It's just my opinion on personal music taste.
We both desperately want to hold this marriage together but how, when we do not have the right tools to work with TOGETHER
When shit start ta get realer
I'm happy to see you still around..thought you had vanished.
BTW Nice Pictures :
Sounds goodlooking forward to meeting you.
I'm glad you and the kids are enjoying it.
She's such a sweet mama, flying off when I come up to take pics.
please follow me!
i love you so much!
3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN!
I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS!
33333333
Sleepy....
Ready for tomorrow!.
Life certainly has its ups and downs, but I'm enjoying the ride Hope you are enjoying this awesome springlike day.
wow, i have a poo, bookie, boo boo, pookie bear, baby mama, mo mo, wookiewoo AND a wifey...........lmao, n NO im not gay, these r my GURLZ
Happy birthday to poet and City Lights founder Lawrence Ferlinghetti!
I need some Chinese food really badly.
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.
Rabindoctorth Tagore
The key to change is to let go of fear.
Rosanne Cash
Hey everyone today at BDW we have The GREEN CHILE CHEESE BURGER med fry and coke for 7.50 for lunch and dinner
really?!
Where?
Thought they, being MLB, gave up on that policy?
YW, I think it was in someplaces!
sounds like a wonderful day.
His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration.
Pearl S.
Buck
right now
The more jaded the better!
Thanks and last night's Civility  The Press discussion.
You were both awesome.
Studies showed the 1825 age group didn't mind interruptions from tagged videos 
It seems like the closer I'm getting to you, you start to back away...
I feel like poop.
My tummy hurts...
: Preach not calmly and quietly as though you were asleep, but preach with fire and pathos and passion.
C.H.
Spurgeon
People who keep the tags on their clothes
im chilling in terget :
UK VS KU ON MONDAY NIGHT.
appreciate it!
Thanks!
Finished up a great workout in KC.
On the road to Omaha.
Working out my guys from Central.
Back to Lincoln this evening
Got to the BA before Einsteins opens.
I wish I was a morning person
: dont worry baby it is and thank you so much.
ur cute and charming blushing what's up baby girl...
I'm tipsy.
U r lucky I got the first name right
playing for a group therapy session for Vets with PTSD today at the Sepulveda Vets Center.
, ,
I'm in st Louis : can't go.
HappyBirthday 2 Me If You Wish Me A HappyBirthday Ill Give A S/O.
Dont like this feeling
please teach me!
aparently, i need help!
Create a district 21st Century logo shared by Jeff Weaver UA schools
ctfu foul RT: Ctfu: S/0 to all the moms thats gonna dump there childoctorn an go out tonight
Mortgage Facts: Discount points
Hyflex principles alternatives, equivalence, reuse, accessible
The markets seem spooked by the debt ceiling deal!
Could this be a fakeout?
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
John Muir
What a festival!
It was hard to find time to tweet because of all the great music one after the other, so amazing!
Evil is a point of view.
ANNE RICE, Interview with the Vampire
told u lol
season three sums it up
I hate ugly fat nosey women who stare at me
haha, apparently so!
But we're not supporting the same team  go !
SWV new song Cosign kinda fits, but again not v sexy...
more upbeat
do you personally think he should have been fired?
Not sure I agree with my brain on that, but I'm comfortable, and I do like the colors.
So, stripesandplaidy I'll stay.
:
I have really bad headaches too.
I know what u are goin thru.
I just wanna lay in dark pillow over my face type ish whn I get 1
Ipads  Kindles are cool, but I love the smell  feel of real books.
the libraries have at least one copy!
Or we can meet up  talk more about it :
Hey!
George Lopez up to bat now!
cause if you walk away, I know I'll fade cause there is nobody else
Why is it dat everytime a concert come to town its like 27 official after parties C.T.S people IJS
lol  how these kids think they're ghetto listening to get low.
no.
Of all the inspirational sidewalk chalkings on campus, the one that makes me smile says Get fcked
Samples at Costco for lunch 
It's FF reply to this if you want a FF shoutout
Recording the police is protected by 1st amendment.
Glad we are not yet a police state.
More than enough thuggery without that.
Strong, powerful moment by Huntsman.
RT 1 RT : Far and a way Huntsman's best moment of this campaign right there!
God is faithful to carry out His promises.
HE is true to His Word.
Perfect weather is a frame of mind, but you knew that.
Global Finals is the story that writes itself!
yeah.
Sometime this or next month.
Shooting with tonight!
Yoga time!
Been looking forward to it.
When Napster stated enabling fans to share lessons for free, rockstarteacher went to court and shut them down.
But it's not about the .
Suck A Nigga Dick Or Sumn.
it's an aphrodisiac
Dont just use my word on other ppl!
Who do you think you are RT : I love my boo desmond!!
Thank you boobaaa!3
lol cuz your twitter keeps dm'ing me weight loss ads!!!!
spam
I'm coming tomorrow!
I can't wait1 i'm so excited!
3
Pleease follow me it would make my dayy and can u tell jbieber to follow too please
I need some NUTELLA...SHIT it's gone...anybody wanna share?!?!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bradford Enterprises, nos operari ad te bene!
We work towards your success!
My eyes make pictures when they are shut.
Samuel T.
Coleridge
So far, see at least three EdCampPhilly conversations about Libraries

The Money Hustla Music Squad invited?
Check out Waisted for the ladies
Nothing good ever happens in 'broad' daylight...
No one says, He gave me a massage in 'broad' daylight...
Now you can buy as many hips as you want: RT Just won the lottery.
Now I'm going to buy Twitter.
Kicking most of you off.
Peppers are hot and i just found that out.......jk
Five chapters to go.
I'm curious to hear your response while reading it.
Just ask about mine.
Sadly, this person thinks of himself as a supporter.
I've got a short list.
Wonder if he's got the balls to unmask.
The rooms look nice, but the wifi policy is lame.
Good luckyou're going to be awesome!!!
bought 3 copies of the album.
dedication or what
Just Listed: UK AutoHits 
It's so tremendous.
that man behind her is just priceless.
This Philosophy Mangos  Cream is the bizness.
I smell god.
This month, I pay bills late,/writing stories of who I used to be.
u too babe!
Today is a perfect day to do some things I been procrastinating about.
I don't have it it's on my ipod I'll send it to you later
if it were it'd be called Seattle
THERE WAS A FUCKING FORMAL MG AT THE SHOW TODAY
saw charade last night.
bad netflix version
SAAs are better anyway.
yes ma'm!!!!!
And we dont fuck with synthetic...
Thats a no no
Sitting in my sun room.
Kman still sleeping.
Light rain falling.
Cardinal singing with a red winged blackbird.
checks when SF Giants will be in DC 4th of July?!
Happy Monday too!
RT :
I didn't get the PRSSASDSU exec position, but it's coo.
Thanks for the follow, Jonni Armani
Any advice for someone moving to Alaska?
Follow  don't forget to bring that handbag donation to the momsFF Suite!
lol its annoying as fuck.
i'm about to pop them.
That sucks, they were good.
:/ I heard about doctorGS.
WHY MUST BANDS BREAK UP WHEN THEY'RE GOOD?!
I guess 72bpm is the tempo to go with....
I think Dairy Queen is going to be down one manager whenever I see his face today.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i let my account sit a few years before I used it!
LETS GO YANKEES!
IM EXCITED TO SEE PHELPS PITCH TONIGHT!
I am not sure why but this time when I had surgery, it hurts more then the 1st time, wa!
n the doctorgs make me sik, ew.
just gota deal w pain.
I hear that!
Thank you!
This is what we love to hear!
RT : The new signage is working!
Three applicants already!
You give me back my girl, you give me back my life
i think paul should crawl naked on higgins road on june 2nd, 2012 in chicago illinois.
Trying out Muse, a free Adobe beta WYSIWYG websitemaker.
Like it so far  thanks doctorya!
Fill in the blank: Right now, Id really like .
So wished that I payed attention in my undergrad stats class...
haha!
what a good simile.
Gettin my hair did!
Chicken Catcher Kevin Skinner WINS Americas Got Talent  Listen to the phone tweet: call 453 9997 now
We should get jerseys cause we make a good team.
But yours would look better than mine because you're out of my league...
make sure you download the Lala music mover.
Scans your files and unlocks any lala song you own.
Nice alternative to uploading
follow background?
The best?
Awww, shucks.
Thank you for the shout out and spreading the good study word.
I need my glasses RT
does he need the cheese to help???
u have rele big feet!!!
lolz
I need a oneword topic or short phrase to coax a short story out of me.
Hit me with your best shots!
You ruin everything for me
RT : Sources say LeBron is in talks w/David Stern about contract to pick PingPong balls in the 2011
Mea Culpa  Through my own fault
esp after doctornking half a bottle of patron
not quite, that may be a bit too ironic.
But we'll see you there!
My pleasure and my apologies.
I thought I was following you.
I just fixed that.
Live WITHOUT pretending Love WITHOUT depending Listen WITHOUT defending  speak WITHOUT offending.
Yes bro , My mom doesn't want me to doctornk anything tho .
I bruised my tail bone yesterday :' lmao
took that same test 2 years ago.
Thanks God we all made jokes to relax, that test was intense.
I got a 5...
Good luck!
Use ur words to lift people
Woohoo!!!
Its so great to have our BCB minds in the same location.
Oh, the amazingness that can be born from collaboration!
you will definitely have a good time no matter what you.
let me know if you need any recommendations for things I do!
Please take out a second to Follow TMCRecords CEO  President
Oh n will be getting new hair to yay I have to start a new youtude pge someone del Idk how ppl
Fuck fake love  half ass friends
No idea where it is!
I searched all over my apartment and it's gone.
Thank you!
Don't try to make childoctorn grow up to be like you, or they may do it.
Russell Baker
Heading to Ft Collins for CSUWeber St.
Go Rams!!
Hope it doesn't rain on you!
GO RAMS!!
u a fan?
Today at noon EST was last call for applications to the Harvard Business School Class of 2014.
Good luck to all candidates.
Join us tonight for the Artist Diploma Ensemble concert with special guest Ron Carter at 8:00pm in Paul Hall!
Yeah!!
We saw that last week.
That kid's my hero!
Good question Joe.
What does Mitt Romney stands for.
gl buddy!
but what is real?
Don't judge who I am just judge what I will be
It's Friday the 13th so I'm a play Jason
I love you dear!!!!
Thank you so so much :
ended the day with the daily scrum.
I love Scrum!
Flight back to Sweden has been cancelled due to hurricane.
Might be late for classes and internship :
I knock on the door, hope isn't home , Faith ?
is not around, the luck ?
it's all gone
so Im back .
LMFAO for good this time tho , so go get me 1,000 followers.
I lost them all for deleting this shit hahah 3 you
Livetweeting from the dentist's chair
huhum thanks :P
My .02: she tried to hold bikeshare hostage over few cyclists who ride on sidewalks dwntwn
If I won the lottery, I would pay someone to play with my hair all day.
Here at cashhousemusicgroup we are about action anybody can talk the talk not us thou we bout the action but that's for y'all to see soon
You never know...a whole new conference.
Louisville could run right through them :
Moriah Martin turned in a 9.800 floor routine.
The nation's 10th best vaulter will take to the event to conclude her evening.
I wish I could attribute that to my killer Excel instincts, but...I just searched the help topics :/
Vicars, MPS and lawyers were amont those who considered me to be the best hostess in London
She said  it comes out liquid  lmfao then she says but  I know its shit because its coming out my ass  this shit is hilarious lmfaoooooo
Hi Hat on weekends makes me wanna punch other humans in the neck.
Such crowds with obnoxious characters!!
O...
JoCats.
Wait, no.
I'll be back this week!!
Life got me tied up lately
Me too!
YAY!
So excited!
I'm in a capella right now, not sure which I'll be in next year.
But cool!
:
I'm all about the ground beef tacos  burritos.
Simple but the greatest.
Everything there is good tho...you?
RT : There is no end, there is only a constant and brand new beginning!
cutting like what?
I love my brother; he was my fucking heart;
Night twitter :
someone can't be apparent lol.
What castle?
I think oomf went to sleep on me
In the process of learning a life lesson I see wat is trying 2be taught but wat I choose 2 do with wat Im learning will determine everything
lol that's how it be thooo
OMG!
The vow is out on DVD!
Let's see...
the swimming pool incident.
I'm just blah today
I'm all about the Monday workout ...
How often do you send cards to the ones you love?
Don't group tweet me till you have a plan
Talking to abt going to more nonsocial media conferences.
Totally agree w/ you.
Enjoyed your BWELA session.
i was about to have to slap a hoe in class today
that's right from Poltergeist.
I love that movie
Good morning I'm writing a news article about the Texas Back Institute becoming your official spine specialist.
Any comment?
So many people are overreacting to this Bruins loss.
They won the Stanley Cup last year.
Let's not bash Bergeron, Krejci,  others too much
Shout out to :

lol RT : Now she saying she could see me in a baby blue polo whoa now Iam not doctorke
Latest Swimsuit doctorsses News
Often imitated but never duplicated
yah i know.
i was so close then i broke something no more coding and wine.
lol!
That Maurice Sendak anecdote about the kid who ate the picture?
It's sweet, but think of the mom dealing with a kid pooping half a postcard.
Everyone tweet getwellKyle for he's not feeling well today.
Please RT!
ah hope they have fun and a good show!!
do you remember how it used to be?
we'd turn out the lights and we didnt just sleep.
Chairing a Medicaid Advisory Committee meeting Many updates on health reform implementation.
Can't wait to see you tomorrow night in Santa Cruz!
Will you be signing CDs/vinyl after?
I hope to one day look just like Him!
Not in my creativity and image alone but in spirit and in truth to!
God help my image to be congruent!
I wanted you to know, whenever you are around, i cant speak
Don't you hate when people try to talk to you when you have headphones on
aye I KNOW you wont read this cause your me!
Aha...
2 bad I forgot your password...
And your email addoctorss's password...
:P
Word on the streets is..
Boobie milk makes some fluffy pancakes 
doctornk organogold coffee without the bad effects of caffeine and with the good effects of Ganoderma.w.doctorlackston.organogold.com
Amer Sports upbeat as Q1 professort hits 25 million
omg I want one
nobody can make me smile the way he does :
text ne
hellz yeah!
Take life by the horns.
I'm liking this current enthusiasm from you.
That video was truly beautiful.
Losing 92 in the 5th, 3B Casey McGehee catches a foul pop for the 3rd out  then gives it to a kid in the front row
Finally made it to ; as presumed, it is my mothership.
Walked out with my weight in rock crit books.
There is always one word I misspell every time I go to type it...I think my laptop is conspiring against me.
jl
I see you, Lions.
I don't see you, Nickleback.
Have a video phone?
Video yourself singing a song.
Watch it and make notes about what you want to change.
National League Game Summary  Miami at San Francisco
The most important question that you, as an aspiring model, should ask is
Just read a paper in my Rhetoric, Society, and Culture class that discussed Aerostotal.
I wonder what his teacher PlayDoh would say.
I know.
I'm pretty sure Dahvie would fuck a sandwich before he fucked her!
mitt2012 p2 Hypocrite!!!
How can u trust anyone who lies when it's captainred previously on VIDEO?
He's only into 1 stimulus!
is developing organic farmers' markets in NYC and on Long Island.
Are you spread too thin at work?
Ed Muzio to the rescue, Make Work Great!
Meet Ed in Denver Sept 15 www.ispifrc.org
souljah's in the same army!
CAN YOU HELP ME?
I still need 4
Irish punk ya!!
They are amazing
Like Obama said, when you put lipstick on a pig, it's still a pig, same with the Nets bouncing all over for attention.
bbm me back right now !
your a beast bro ready to see You Beast up Next Year 4 God and the Razorback Family!
Go Hard 4 Christ bro!!
WPS!!
Holidays?
Oh, are those coming up?
Happy Birthday!!!
I can't wait to see your birthday ink...good luck!
:
I get one follower than I loose one
yay!!!
just finished my taxes!
time to plan a vacation 
For some reason I thought kabuki was an opera with music
The food channel : innovative recipes for quick and easy meals.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Giada

with pleasure and yes I will keep you posted.
Glad I got to see the extended fam this week  Keep ballin yeah I did it get over it
Yay!
Did you record it?
This was duo with Mark, right?
When people say  on God  or swear to God   be lying
sorry i meant to text you my regrets last night.
Will you be at LAThtr awards on Mon?
Yeah, like that's EVER going to happen.
Unless it's a Margarita Marathon, or something sensible like that.
: panel wrapping up at hadoop afternoon huguk bigdataweek then I think is up on stage
haha, its worse than a twitter rock!
thanks for pointing out the obvious..would have missed a lot of paranoia today
R.I.P., Donna Summer, 19482012.
The undisputed Queen of Disco has been forever silienced.
haha jeremy tyler blocked you?
Spending 2 days in Memphis with leaders from Tampa, Memphis, Pittsburgh, Denver, Houston, Alliance, Aspire, Green Dot, PUC...Comp.
Reform
Did you know: 17 of childoctorn  teens in the US are obese,  1 in 3 childoctorn under the age of 5 is obese or overweight  U.S.
CDC
Just watched Fast Five, wit all them sexy ass men.
Especially The Rock!!!!
I would be his baby Mama!!!!
Can we start an old school comedy team?
Or cowrite a hipster Urban Outfitters book?
me that's who.
I'm bored so I asked what's up?
lmao!
ok got it now thanks!!!
BeatCantor TY for supporting campaign  helping get this exposure.
With help from ppl like u we'll prevail!
FEAR THE DEER!
RT : Bucks Win!
Bucks Win!
Now lets go eat some pizza with www.milwaukeesaves.info
If you don't have the time to do it right, when can you make the time to do it over?
oh babe stop it .
actually cooked the whole plastic icing pack into our loaf of butter bread.......wtf?!?!?!
Legs as a wireless communication device?
Love it.
Today's featured sandwich is our seared Lake Superior Whitefish on Toasted Ciabatta.
Quite tasty with Houblon Chouffe Dobbelen IPA Triple.
Today is a great day!
Why is MTV2 showing that shitty Kristen Bell movie 'Pulse' at three in the morning?
Don't you have something better to play, like music?

are you talking about the BCS or our Music Friday choices?
:
Debbie  Lulu's Southwest Airlines/DC adventure!
Buddy passes!
Palomar Hotel.
Museums, walking, exploring!
Day off in tax season!
My sister never used this twitter so, I think I'm gonna take over it now lol.
:
only 9 have ever finished, awesome race
Come out RT : I really want to.
Did you say that in a high voice?
Kinda sounds like it.
It well becomes a young man to be modest.
I don't accept this premise: Donating to Romney camp  giving to save USA.
All mathematical calculations suggest otherwise
Point Park University will award the top three Pittsburgh finalists scholarships of 10,000, 7,000 and 5,000.
Sorry, I couldn't tweet.
I was too busy having my mind blown.
Ooh, Yay to Rebecca and Mark!!!
I adore you both, welcome!
Oh, we're so close...the photo is burning a hole on my desktop!
1factaboutme i wear coconut perfume: smells so good.
RT : IndianaIce returns the favor as Baillargeon lights the lamp with 6:22 remaining in the second!!
Its Superbowl Sunday.
The big game day.
Giants or Patriots?
And of course you'll be getting pizza, right?
LEDs are a simple way to transform lighting and improve the well being of the enviroment.
I actually sighed with sadness when I read you didn't have them again today.
Dinner?
Play the game or watch it play u
: I like my women like my beer: natural and light.
TFM.
Niall and Demi would make a cute couple.
Nuff said.
what up stranger
He might, but Louisville don't score enough points.
Plus UK is too athletic.
Thanks for the follow !
Can't wait to read your tweets!
Coyotes attack a dog in Brockton
I've been off twitter for a while  Yes!
I'll be at DataFest, I'm running it!
Will I see you there!
Goodnite folks talk to yall tomorrow I had a great n nite be safe just luv my real friends
appreciate the love u should be my twitter wife
Getting smacked for saying okay in a what my mom thinks is a bad tone.
taking to long to text a nigga back, she bout to get cut !
lol.
Spent a great day the elvis exhibit is fantastic, but just nearly died in an accident on 64.
haha yeah we just had a little convo.
I was just walking then someone yelled my name and it was them.
hope your doing well!
You broke through of my confusion, the ups and the downs and still didn't leave.
I guess that you saw what nobody could see.
You found me.
The film rights to AVMP have just been optioned, so image these characters on the big screen!
Despite my impressive length, it's hard to reach to phone without youknowwho seeing.
fell asleep on the couch and I'm still tired as hell.
Going to bed in 2 hours even though it's just 7pm then...
Why wouldn't Aloha go down at 5:30 on a Saturday night...and during restaurant week...night just got more interesting.
YourBiggestProblem is that you act like a bitch then wonder why you have no friends.
lovin WhenDevelopersTalk James is killing it!
Enjoyed the backpacking trip to Colorado.
It is all the rage over there.
I am hoping he will blend in when we vacation there this summer :P
I survived the blackout by watching a movie on my laptop and eating sandwiches with my roommate.
What did you do?
Just ate
I might have to buy Tuskegee I like Lionel Richie before, a little touch of country in it might be nice
Best of luck today..
Chillin in Augusta
shut up.
im stealing ur autograph
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 69
Going on 10yrs, only happened once.
In Spanish Harlem.
I have some very bad friends...
Happy Birthday 3 We love you no matter what!!!!
ICONiacz in Chicago!!!
Minus the suckage!!!
Me too!
Been too long : SO excited for Greys Anatomy tonight
LeBronWade will get them through in six games
Hello weekend!!!
:
who should i talk to then
oohh monday?
that's sounds great!!
WE HAVE FORGOTTEN THAT WE ARE CREATURES OF INTENTION AND CREATION.
IF WE WAKE THAT UP.
WE HAVE A CHANCE.
THATS WHERE WE HAVE TO GO
Day is rolling with a few curbs and corners to turn.
Don't you hate when you got to do stuff that's not helpful to your day and time
Hey how's it going in your part of the city?
teamfollowback cheerleader teambieber teamsimpson teamgaga teamtalkative singer actress and so much more is what describes me
Good bout time you did something around here hahaha!
changed my twitcon with Joses cute face on it AWW YEAH
omg f i cant beilve i can bread my hair omg
Bad weather was responsible for immigration delays, claims Downing Street
I wanna get my belly button pierced i gotta convince mahh mom
its alot of big bitches in the mill now.
smh
my bad.
I messed up on that tweet.
Had Dick Clark on my mind.
...
It wasn't a white VW Westfalia was it?
If so, sorry!
In 2004, people used their cell phones for talking to people.
Imagine that!
99conf cc/
he riding round he snitching shot his mouth no dentist
Eye test today.
Eyes are generally ok but i'm sure they will try and sell me glasses, right?.
not on here.
ill tell you at school or on facebook?
Don't we all :/ RT : I really regret saying I wish I was older when I was younger.
I dont feel wanted I dont feel loved.
I dont feel like i belong here.
Everything pisses me off.
I hate everything.
:/
Mike Tomlin was giving it to the cameraman.
Dang...
SomeoneIWantToMeet One Direction.
The SkiFever and Snowboard show starts tomorrow at 1pm.
You can take the yellow line on out to the expo center.
Very Nice Video.
I think you got the leg of in the video.
Thanks again to
What respect?
People can not respect him, but he's still a huge doctorw!
Just give it sometime.
Lauren, get reall ;
Aw thanks for the compliment :
I enjoyed school activities today.
Class was pretty aight.
not our year
it's not my fault :x but I don't care I like coming late to her class :
.
Participatory culture not new.
Soc media provides megaphone.
Archivists should focus on the participation, not tech
Madilyn Bailey is performing?
That's awesome!!
MadilynBaileyROCKS!
Well Don't Add Me Into The Shit.
Saw Obama when he came to Kansas City, I have to say I was awestruck, took the teenager, so was he!
Just bought my copy of 'The Lean Startup'.
Pumped to be mentoring at LeanStartup Machine LA June 1517
yea they just talk too much..
Just got into instagram follow me
Enjoy the trails!
I use him to fire me up for the day.
Can't get complacent w/ all the stupid out there.
Be safe!
ah been there before.
Sounds good!
so proud of everybody involved.
Umm....we are getting super close....can you feel the neon starting to attack your body;?
RT : If they can build a light meter that reads 1/10's of a stop for 179 why can't they give me the same option in a 5000...
Thank you!
RT Two good apps to FF and
Looking for a great Friday Happy Hour?
LiLLiES of WoodleyPark DC has 3 doctorfts, 5 rails, 6 house wines from 57PM!
My bday bash this friday, at wokcanoSanta Monica.
Asian fusion food, sexy lounge, outdoor dancing patio.
I DJ Wokcanorestaurant.com
Ways to get followed by me 1.follow 2.retweet this .
IM CHECKING !!!!
The shifts of fortune test the reliability of friends.
obscured by crowds
BuildYourFans  Determine what you need to do to maintain direct contact with your fans and do that!
; follow or rt me please austin??
Love you.
3
It's almost New Years, and my birthday is ina few days, holy crap time flys.
Not last night's.
I will catch up on the comp.
The PR for Zimmerman is hurting him just as much as that vid.
I'm not getting enough mail about today's column.
I feel like if someone doesn't write in and demand my firing, I'm doing something wrong..
NYC  LA  SYD  BNE  MEL  LA  NYC  BRUTAL.
ready those choccy icecreams for me!
That awesome moment when your aunt washes and waxes your car when youre at work
How cud u not love Big Nesh tho?
RT: like pro Boys...
Like a pro ;
I have to go watch the dictator movie and the what to expect idk whatever movie lol
The lips know only shallow tunes.
The heart is where great symphonies are born.
Calvin Miller
Moving forward.
Fuck it.
The last and 1st person I talk to:
British HP Sauce recipe is secretly changed after 116 years.
has it: telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/87.

I feel so ALONE in my dislike of Austin BBQ.
cus i talk to you most:
do u mind if I test your mma knowledge with some questions?
haa have you told him yet.?
what can I do to help re: Spreecast?
Who you guys looking for with our next pick?
Im hoping WR Stephen Hill..
how about you guys??
The D.C.
office of Thompson Hine has added attorneys Charles Hunnicutt, G.
Brent Connor and Patricia Snyder to its transportation group.
can,t be me you don,t really know me
k thanks I hope u can make it just let me or lisa know so I can get u a ticket
GOODMORNING MUAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When are you gonna have a new comedy special on TV?
I miss your face!
LF Hair Studio will be closed until 12pm today due to the weather.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Thank you!
A person who publishes a book willfully appears before the populace with his pants down.
EdnaStVincent Millay
The truth hurts..
RT : My doctor told me im overweight .
you should go out for a walk and let all your emotions out.
we HATE seeing u like this.
CheerUpAustin 3
hey Tim, welcome to Twitter.
I want to try this Downton Abbey show the internet is obsessed with, but I'm afraid I won't like it...
HAPPY EASTER TO YOU!!
HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY..
;
I'm always doctornk in San Francisco!!!
Reading economist editor highlights, bewildered by qualifying expression  Arugulamunching mister.....
Hate on Arugula?..;
Wing stops better!
I think I'm obsessed with ChickFilet....
Harry with a scarf  angel wearing a scarf hahahaha!!!
A wise owl once told me the key to success isn't what you're doing, but hoo you know.
We do!
We have Hatachino Red Rice Ale on doctorft  very rare!
Come try it soon before it's gone.
:
DC this weekend...
Hit us up if you are into promoting art, music, tech, fashion, action sports, etc.
This is your life!
lol I give great massages but its goin to cost ya
Not this year, we're on opposite coasts at the moment.
Although it is fitting that a Beastie Boy died from illness
thanks for the follow doctor David.
All around nice guy is accurate!
Hold on!
Did you say Olive Garden????
See ya then, I'm in!
I'm coolin with my youngins.
Bang bang
People are going to be more mad about RVP leaving than Cesc, which is amazing.
tweet me
working on sending out audition notices for upcoming pilots and feature films
That's great...I'm cowriting a screenplay!!
It's taking a while but it's fun!!!
The reason that child lost his life runs deeper than hate.
Ignorance, power  disregard all played a part.
Thanks for the TL love !!
xo
We'll be ready for you!
: you are oh so right.
I had that experience on a minor level.
wanted to Chair our Family Reunion.
am catching hell!
lol!!
it means data is a malleable form.
You can data into anything.
Heading to the Lincoln Park farmers market.
best way to spend spring break?
6 games
This one is still at a stalemate, 00.
Both goalies have stepped up when needed.
I agree!
It's the no response to queries that is the hardest part.
Good luck with it all!
Fantasy notes for May 1  ESPN
Caught up on some You on Instagram?
Follow me and like my pictures!
I'll return the favor of course!
:
Thank you
Today's affirmation: I live in a world full of possibility and potential.
Finish this sentence!
My absolute favorite flavor of Tampico is...
I blame for this new obsession I have with boobs, like what?
I like boys :
Today in local history: The UB School of Pedagogy was established in 1895!
we should be verified on twitter Brad for as much time we are on here lol
Everyone has at LEAST ONE SKILL/TALENT!
FIND YOURS ,AND DO YOUR BEST WITH IT!
I give my heart, cause nothing can compare in this world to you.
commence sweeping in my Kopitar jersey!
Em, rake up some Blues jerseys!!
At the dance studio!: I'm ready!!
what are you being tutored for?
can you help me get to 200 subscribers?
please!
Did you know that Still's first solo show took place at the San Francisco Museum of Art in 1943?
It won't impact the play on the ice, but its going to be rather amusing seeing Rangers goals cheered in an ECF game regardless of the venue.
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns.
Breaking News 'Dirty Dancing' Star Patrick Swayze Has Died of Pancreatic Cancer at Age 57 Call CNN News Update 1 3767253
and facebook im loyal are you?
I didn't find irreversible realistic enough to be disturbing.
Only scene I've ever found disturbing was in boys don't cry
Oh so much for talking.
It's all been said before.
I'm hearing something, but I wish you'd just say more
Shoutouts to whoever has bought First Class Clothing already.
You all look fresher than ever.
Tonight Cheeta's Game Show Junkies tonight at The Bar in Monongahela from 9pmidnight!
Trivia, minute to win it , Lets Make a deal  more!
More to the point, what would it take to contribute a theme that could be shipped with core?
And twitter lol
he's too cute3
Oh, that's a dead cert my dear : Hammers will be up next season.
Belated Thank you!!!
Add me guys : on Pin....2956E986
: nflnetwork has broadcast live online before so that would be nice awesome thank you, hopefully they do it again
The world of music
true true.
Bean head ass
hey ' you've changed, not like you used to be.
Looking for donations of toys for kids in need.
doctorp off at 3 NW Third Ave.
in Portland or 503 274 4483
You forgot to mention that Bledsoe and Cousins are from the same dirt.
Watching poltergeist with movie has always freaked me out but I love it lol I should be sleeping have an mister at 12pm : hate them
It's and fault that there are so many Jalex believers.
The sexual tension fuels the fire of our imagination.
TOILET!
TOILET!
TOILET!
Did you ever doctorve behind someone who's exhaust is so bad your check engine light comes on?
24 hour marathon begins now!!
Please visit ExtraLife.org for details and to donate...
Search for 502 Kitchen Krew!
5 goes a long way!!!
I have a freaking concusion !
I cant sleep tonight  and then I have to get up a 5 and get on the bus !
Im gonna be in a bad mood
Watching Criminal Minds like the good old days.
Live Life to it's fullest, You never know what life will bring!
Who's up for a snowball fight in Milwaukee today?
Great packing snow.
i am a southerner.
And everything you say still boils down to an emblem from an act of treason in defense of slavery.
I kid you not, spotted a 30yr old rocker looking dude at the Luxor sporting a Winger tshirt saywhat!?
Just heard from an artist who creates scrimshaw art from old pool cue balls made of ivory.
Fascinating!
She is sending photos  snail mail!
10basicfactsaboutme Cheerleading is my life.
I love all the girls on the squad ;  we always have soo much fun at the games.:
I never know if I'm in a CVS, a Walgreens or a RiteAid.
They are all red and look exactly the same.
Today i get to use my talent to change someones perception...
lets push!
Will there be ClippersLive shows during round 2?
no problem.
Good luck with next steps!
congrats on your 200 followers!!!
clap clap
OMG.
Just take the bizir away from me
Did he just attempt to throw to a TE ?
FollowSunday : thanks a bunch for all your mentions :D You Rock
Ah she made a funny nobody beats my ass Rt: He just called a me twitter whore .
I'ma beat his ass when I see him ...
thanks for the follow.
Much love.
doctor Spanish.
no responding required.
just wanted to thank you.
:D
If u wont that hammer ima nail u
Does anyone have a video of Victoria Justice performing Beggin on Your Knees?
I'd love to see it.
Way way way too cold for Oregon
Nicely done.
i'd love to reenact that night sometime, i'll skip the bus ride home this next time though......
and double up on the burgers
Happy Mothers Day to all you mama runners
yeah, we've all been thinking how unAmerican you are, just didn't know how to tell you.
okay ill make sure to watch it!: Todays been a pretty rough day for me though :/
husband3 i love you
STYLISTS NEEDED to work CASCADE RD ATLANTA GA.
COME GET POLISHED.
316
I had the best time of my life at Windsor and made a name for myself.
It might help.
well, thug life LOL
This guy just asked me for 22 cents.
Why 22 cents?
needs to develop a blow before you tweet smartphone attachment for doctornken geeks and addled celebrities.
nice you will make OG one day!
Poetic Justice isnt the kind of justice need.d in the case 4 wronglyconvicted in the Live Free or Die state of NH.
WhatA shame
House music was crazy last night!
Shout to !
It's a must attend !
Women's issues now more important than ever.
One of many reasons that Im4Falk !
I turned out liking you a whole lot more then i expected.
This paradise pandora station is super relaxing
I am Literally in Tears!
Satan you are a Liar!
The Father of All Lies  the Master of Deception
Port of Call has some amazing dishes and would make for a great date spot!
50 off on www.crowdclick.com!!
Man I swear some people need to work for the FEDS because they love being in other people's business!
You'll never see the dawn when you have blood in your eyes.
I should not have to wake up this early when I'm on break.
Thank u colquit!
...
shooting sexy girls tomorrow  can't wait!
pics to be posted at www.sherrymartinphotography.com
Big, BIG boys high school volleyball games tonight around the region.
Deep Run  JRHS, Atlee  Clover Hill, Cosby  Thomas Dale  go see one
Woohoo!
Congrats and good luck!
: Spring break in Philly consists of doctornking, sleeping, and WaWa runs...
PhillyProblems miss that for sure!!!
You never really know who your friends are!!!!
If only that's how it worked.
RT : We have now voted.
No more mailers, please.
Compressed unicorn horn powder.
Makes the shine majestic
Hey, abq architects and planners: where are you?
We want to follow you!
or are thinking as a potential collector/ provider of OER?
ON MY WAY!
:D lol I just searched for the 7th episode and it's nowhere to be found: because season 1 is only 6 episodes long
wats up with the people on twitter just chick on me and there follow me
its a coke thing.
so glad you would never understand...
spent my amazing rainy day reminiscing, talking, learning  creatively producing w/my amazing : i love u  thx 4 the motivation!
same here sir just tired from work lol
We're excited to have and Hotelbeds at our Show  Tell in a little while!
:
creating a detailed breakdown of my week.
I've officially become my old principal.
that look of hurt in a girl when u know shes been burned to many times and shes scared u'll hurt her too..
:o
i'm really upset I can't retweet this!
:/
RT : Family and cousins!
RT Q1 FoodieChat Where are you spending Thanksgiving  with Who?
Well MUNCHKIN was very detailed.
I enjoyed it greatly
Take KOBE out!!
This game is over and get ready for game 7!!
WOW!!!
Talk it over with your doctor As long as you don't have a torn tendon, you'll be back in 35 days.
eXo Cloud Workspaces Previews Fully Scalable Enterprise Social Intranet  Review seeker
My Louis Vuitton bag is already customized with my initials, LV
What time will you guys be in tomorrow?
Its Not The Same But Its Better...!!
no problemo!
yeah it was really good.
was happy it was Friday too :
OH.
My husband makes these for me.
I LOVE them.
No need to take me but we can go together.
Clippers or Spurs?
Well the south side of Chicago is the baddest part of town.
And if you go down there you better just beware of a man named Leroy Brown.
all i got to say us dance fuckin party!
Today's liturgy is about doubting Thomas.
Don't tell me Mass doesn't meet you where you need it to.
Here's to faith without proof.
Tha flat black Prius going, going, gone
JR SMITH IS NICE lol
i'm pretty sure this is the longest conversation we've had all year.
Like vegetarianism?
Of course I remember you!
Thanks for saying Hi!
Hot bananas have my gag reflex in full effect.
Need to remember to not leave them in the trunk
I forgot you aren't doctormatic at all!
But if you wanted to stretch yourself...
my nigga.
Does Rare breed have one too?
Lol
looking forward to it!
Good morning to you too!
Don't hate cuz I'm cute and sweet; hate cuz you can't compete.
The box score of the Atlanta/Orlando game is unreal, Magic up 5230....Howard only has 6 pts
RT : Congrats to R.C.
Slocum on his induction into the NFF College Football Hall of Fame, representing new SEC member
But, I forgot to order his fav foodallergy book!
I'll try to borrow it for storytime this week.
We'll definitely order it!
forgot ice!
The step costs of a business are unique because they stay the same for a certain amount of activity.
yea we not switching no more
They should just turn off the third rail and turn them into pedestrian tunnels.
Would make a killing with bike rentals!!
Wow...
This is gonna be a fun finish
The important part more learning how to automate what you need to than a particular tool
your a good man, Ben!
Warren, Elizabeth could open a casino.
Bring the tables, she's already full of CRAPS!
Saintliness is also a temptation.
so sweet!!
playing upstairs at the Maison on Frenchmen st tonight!
11pm
and Bill Ranic!
SP is looking forward to playing Jan.
26 at benefit / exhibit / celebration of cartoonists.
Watch these channels for details...
My ears are STILL ringing!
It's been like an hour!
Shooting in Indianapolis.
It's gonna be a long day.
Enjoy your Fridays  our dinner dishes of your pick for 10 off for our followers/twitter handle.
GLITTER NIGHT 3 is this Thursday at Nick  Eddie!
We go on  9PM  doctorss in Glam for no cover!!!
See you there :
lol you and Cenzo are meant to be!
You're both funny!
Also Marlins Under 9
Downloaded and love the Chrome beta for Andoctorid 4.0.
woo!!!!!!
Follow me plz tyler everyone in the mahomie crew has repled or followed, ur left out follow back plz !!!x
you have a italian name are you italian
I know the feeling!
Just finished The Portrait of Dorian Gray, my first Oscar Wilde novel
today is National High Five Day.
Right up your alley.
:
My idea of packing hasevolved into makeup, toothbrush  figuring the rest of it out when I arrive.
Had a good day today!
:
Married less than a year, together for 11yrs.
Who knew we'd get past 11 days.
Lots of love to :
Sorry for not Tweeting a lot recently.
Couple nice DE pickups for the Brownies.
Follow your heart.
Regardless of what others tell you to do, its how you feel at the end of the day that matters.
Teacher: what's your biggest doctoram?
Me: hold the mahoneconda Teacher: .....
Me: .....
Teacher: what Me: what
Actually, I think it'd be fun to have a capitolproblems meme.
Is there one out there already?
thanks for the tweet :!
soo u can get on here but not talk to me on chat
why is it so cold.
:s
good things
Mine too!
RT Goal for today: see opportunities.
: He who controls his mind controls the only gate by which the devil can gain influence in his life.
just woke up
Just got off stage after singing our opener, Boondocks by Little Big Town!
We'll be back in a bit with more songs!
springsing /te
The Ozone needs to stop with those cookies.
Keep calm and carry on.
YOU'VE GOT ONE CHANCE TO MAKE IT RIGHT, TRIBE.
Always a pleasure!
: Restaurant week!
put some deliciousness in my belly!
I miss my family , , Eddie, James, Darius, ,  Jessica.
PS, the rest of you need to get Twitter!
When can I start voting?
And how often?
The salon is now open!
Call 6360787 to schedule an appointment.
It better turn out good !
I'm on it.
Many submit to despair and fail without knowing that they already have all the tools needed to procure superb wealth.
in the G son
arvo2010: Time to Reflex Tearing in Response to Chemical Nasolacrimal Stimulus in doctor Eye Subjects versus...
Ciera J Maffei , May 4, D984
Shoutout to my Mom!
Love you
the new is beautiful.
A mustsee design from and showcased on !
Bored.....
xx  michelle
The Bloc Audition starts soon!
It's gonna be a fun day!
:
It is so kind of you to be there for Kandi in this difficult moment.
Please Kandi know we are praying for her and her family.

The Vision Of The Life You'll Live When U Accomplish Your Goals Should Give U Plenty Of Energy 2 Do What Must Be Done Today..
I been gone from here for a minute but now I'm back up in it...lol
sweet, maybe I'll go there one day :
That tragic moment when you realize you are still the strange nerd with no friends but instead of Recess it's Friday Night.
Increase your ability to get mail into the right hands, the first time!
See how Advanced Mailing Services can help you.
5058993104
Firsttime candidate runs for 13th Assembly District
Love Council President Young's motto for helping business...Do no harm!
Thank you!
Gotta LUV that chili!
Sang and I are both sick.
WHY?!
My mom is 6'2 and she's wearing wedges.
Work it girl.
etech fly away, fly away, fly away, home
Thanks for the memories.
Fall Out Boy.
Imma hit to line toma Imma bout to go to sleep
Been on the go all day and I'm finally done...
Exhausted 
congrats on your graduation!
I'm hoping to steal a bag of popcorn from a 15 year old for your gift!!
It's Okay Thoo .
has an eastern european feel to it...
so anyway last week i got an invitation from Latvijas Universitate lol University of Lativia?
HOOPS: Mackey McKnight is having a solid game for Lehigh.
Keeping this game against Duke interesting on CBS right now.
Half the washers and doctorers in my bldg are being used...so I guess I'm not the only one who does laundoctor after midnight.
Where is this Black Rhino?
shot it from Rockland county haha
Rockin out at the LCD Soundsystem concert!
Follow !
He is spinning right now on AltRock 101!
lol I got u boo
AAM2012 Bringin' it all home starting with a Dylan video.
Perfect.
Came home from the hospital, now watching magic beyond words :
RGIII Josh Morgan who is also signing and Garcon.
Sounds like a package for the future to get the ball down the field
Yowza.
Was not in the right emotional frame of mind to watch Father's Day today
Looking to save on brunch?
Check out for 50 off deals for restaurants in NYC!
I recommended that watch the 1st season of GameOfThrones on her flight today to SF, completely forgetting the nudity on the show.
WOW  just watched Miss Representation trailer on you tube  Have you seen it?
Whos going to the freecember concert Dec 3?!
TWEET ME!
:D
Same corner as always: 18th  Trinity.
Me, wild and crazy?
No.
LOL!
Nice to tweet cha too!
thanks for following.
We're big fans of your work with
I can get behind that.
Thanks.
We are more focused on the stemmed glasses but the O series is fun.
you could totally do that!
I watched each movie as it was released in theaters after reading that book.
I'm on Twitter!
Now what do I do?
Not when I tuned in I didn't.
: Have you ever heard any songs on that station?
you got that right!
Anyone who says country is NOT the shit is...well, shit!
the countdown is on!
nyc nokianyc RT : Waiting for Ms Nicki Minaj to come on  catching up w 
This hotel doesnt have Disney channel.
u may wish to change settings on ur software to allow more time u r followed.
there's a club in the science center?!
my friend isn't employeed there anymore...still lookin for another way
what a mean joke lee!
When you are the only one on varsity to lose crappyfeeling :P

thanks for including us in your Follow Friday list, Lis!
We appreciate your effort to BeThere for us  the kids we support!
I'm about to stay home today ..
Sore throat  Headache ..
But , if I don't go to school babe cant come over .
Wait why is mining one of the most entertaining aspects of Mass Effect 2??
FF to our new followers!
Frank Sinatra, you speak my language.
I've never wanted the Caps to win more then I do now....!
Creepy robot music in history class.
Do we have an injury on the Nuggets side?
Life is good everyday is my birthday
Fun times with hahaha.
yes, but rent is pretty steep...
LOL
If I didn't eat terribly my body would look 10x better
Rest in Peace George.
You didn't go down without a fight...
btw, I hope you're having a great time at Red Lobster
dnt forget bout me nephew ;!
Martini Party with some of my favs at the Charlesmark Hotel!!!
you should lemme hear it, could always use more female writers...
You aren't the only one.
Have you ever tried veggie rolls instead of ones with meat?
thanks for a wonderful SXSW!
I enjoyed the opportunity to be a part of it.
where do you live?
I'll do some mappage!
liber2011 Salman Rushdie digital archive at Emory U has become the reference collection for him.
We're going through it right now too, exciting!
Any major takeaways to share?
Some mornings are like choreographing an extraordinarily slow dance.
I copied it if you want to delete that post now : follow me so we can Direct Message!
lmbo I see, look at here V plankin next to a bowl of Romans noodles.......
kicked the chair though...Lmfaoooooooo
That's a pretty awesome thing to keep around your desk.
So, do surprise attacks happen often?
:
20factsaboutme 14 I love me some Italian food!
Excellent!
: Robin Yount checked in as instructor in Brewers camp today and Geoff Jenkins is on the way.
You're getting in the Cali swing already!
Of course, should be the first artist played on the new POP2MUSIC!
Joining great Dallas Democrats at Sambuca to support District Attorney Craig Watkins!
go follow she follow back please
Well, the day has come: I accidentally slipped my feet into my 8yearold son's sneakers...AND THEY FIT FINE.
World still spinning.
that's wats up YouTube me: juliusvevo
in a related note, the referees for that game will still award him free throws for phantom fouls.
The digital files transfer continues!
Seeing prom groups out makes me miss my prom..
HappyBirthdayTrigga love you baby
what's your favorite thing to do besides dance and basketball?
And follow me ?
: 4
: yayyyy thank you glad you like it
Oh shit.
That was too funny!!
I love when I only text like 3 or 4 a day.
No need to wait for his call and tell him anything we aint together
Stop playing with me Thank you For following dm her later :
I just don't know if I really wanna keep it or not
Thanks for the follow!
Lots of JulioClaudian pix on SquinchPix!
Search for '1C' or '1CBC'.
What would Kim Kardashian do?
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee???
:
Don't know if I can bring myself to do the rest of these journals.
How the heck u hurt ur groin playin basketball
Go Newt.
I just hope you been praying.
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner
thanks!
But we need more followers!
We are getting there!
: 3333 thanks for amazing music!
try our chili fries we use real homemade fries and the best green chili in town they bare o so good picososmexicanfood.com
Faith divided by works  ?
revival tour even better than advertised so far.
bob dylan doctoram in the mix?
NICK ITS MY doctorAM TO MEET U!!
I got a concussion at ur free concert in VA last year :' I still have yet to meet u
Turned out the lights on the old today.
Tomorrow we rebrand as MilkBoy the Studio at our new location on 7th and Callowhill
Best of luck to the Harbaugh brothers!
Goodmorning Zaddy cant wait to see you today..
I Love you
Spongebob lives underwater, Yet he can't swim...
0o...
gotta love my babe :D
Ah good, now I can tutor my childoctorn in the ways of righteousness.
MT Offsite depository storage in libraries shouldn't surprisebeen a major part of research library admin for a long time.
Reason 2 for running an Environmental Risk Summary Report.
You find out if the cost may go up on your loan!
Reccheck.com
like bitch, really?
your in a good position to kiss my ass.
WOWSERS.
Subway on Springfield n Del Mar has on crazy loud.
Thanks guys!
I really didn't want that chicks number anyways , I just like getting them.
Monotone people crack me up
From Airplane:I want to wish you good luck, we're all counting on you, I speak jive  the white zone is for loading and unloading...
skinny bitches piss me off.
good seeing you too!
good luck on everything : hope to see you again this summer
It's unfortunate but I agree he should go.
Due diligence wasn't done a long time ago.
It was a stupid lie.
hey and im the hulk
I love it when their favorite words are I know.
Lol, no you don't.
Lol im sure he is used to it .
the awkward moment when al my recent tweets are retweets......of bread jokes......
awk.
How do you do it?
What station is it??
chris brown
Oakland flavors for the week at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co: Cinnamon Toast, Smokey Chipotle, Mesquite BBQ!!!!
We love that!
RT : Burrito beach for the second day in a row
Woohoo!
We were voted onto the OpenTable Diners' Choice lists!
Thanks to everyone who voted!
when i went to london i noticed many girls who had dyed they hair black but with a tinge of red
grimey gates get low movement
Just saw an asian homeless dude...wtf?
RT : May is Natl Sm Biz Month.
How does your small biz use highspeed internet?
Webinars?
Online storefront?
Social Media?
is doing it!!!
PeopleMatterCEOcongrats on your 40 Under 40  you and the team are delivering a bold new path for everyone to see why People Matter!
RT Im also announcing here and now that Carl DeMaio can bite me.
xrl.us/bmoey3
This guy doesn't even belong in this class!
.
but yet his always here!
Why?!?
Free samples check out Max Muscle ABQ
umm yes, that would be perfect.
you are killing it on this morning.
thx so much!
the wine train is a booze cruise on land.
you should try it : xo!
: Twitter is a great connection tool but a horrible relationship tool.// agreed
Great first house tonight for JazzBars w/ Stay tuned for our 10pm livestream.
Better yet, GET HERE!
today at nu soc colloquium: claude fischer gave talk on gss social network questions.
big take away: context of survey items matter.
RT : veggie soft tacos from Chipotle scrumptious  only 435 calories!
don't tell oops, I mean great, boss!
I AM I AM I AM I AM!!!
I just had a conniption.
At 7:30 in the morning before I've had any coffee, that's NOT EASY!
After being part of greater Yugoslavia for most of the 20th century, Croatia regained independence in 1991.
Can't wait to visit!
STARVING Who cooking???
why wont this stupid rain go away i wanna kayack
eat a salad before you go!
I think I should get a Mother's Day gift for making it this long without being a mother.....
I spent over 3 hours in the napmosphere today
I agree.
But I'm more bullish about Twitter/Square/doctorpbox/Airbnb than I was about Webvan.
Who is not coming back next year because of contracts, trades etc?
The headlines for 2012: the US pulls out of Iraq and Afghanistan, decides to reinvade Vietnam
So much for that..lol
RT Jaypro's Free shipping in all items expires at midnight tonight.
Http://www.Jaypro.com
Anderson U Mobile eli2012 learned: different levels of ability, etexts, high expectations, learner centered , engagement
In business its important to be clear about your expectations and method of operation.
Sitting back or looking forward, how to keep sharp in a fast paced world ://ow.ly/70aqn
I am cracking up on the shitter!
the taco truck is under siege by the police.
Field trip busted.
hey!
whats up!
just being friendly Lol....
everything about the stadium is whack..
it'll go back to being empty.
Catholic bishops incensed by Obamacare rule mandating contraceptive coverage.
More incensed than they were over child sex abuse.
The physician can bury his mistakes, but the architect can only advise his client to plant vines.
Frank Lloyd Wright
That Carlton Off from last night still has me laughing.
Hey guys, go to the symphony orchestra concert this Wednesday.
I hope has another get togeter thing :
The LUNATICLEFT MEDIA pushes this IDIOT story about Romney.They ignore TRUE CRIMESCORRUPTION in OBAMA ADMIN
my garden gloves  fingers have been contaminated with cactus needles.
who plants cactus in their yard in PA!?
Impossible to remove or weed.
Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs?
A: He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!
Going full German this Thursday at Old Europe on Folsom.
Has anyone been there?
At least this is something to look forward too this year!
Stand up!
IfIHadaGun I'd most likely shoot the kitties who decided to pee on my purple heels.
Good thing I don't have a gun...
I miss him :/
Total 80s love!
Pretty in Pink and now Mannequin on TV Guide Channel.
Yay, !
Going to edit a few of the gorgeous images from todays shoot, then find an apple fritter...
the 6th Sense  I wish I'd saved it for a rainy day // Re: What movie do u wish you'd never seen?
Fifteen years.
Thank you, my love.
Happy anniversary!
It has been great.
i just laughed way too hard at Madison's joke..
good job kid.
who says romance is dead...
how lovely...
and thanks for the compliment x
liking someone that barely knows you exist.
So maybe blake is the new adam?
So hot
but too shy to make a move!!:
TONIGHT is Whiskey Chicks FIRST F Valentines Party!
First 50 ladies in the door will get roses and chocolates!
Any colorado folks wanna ship me some beer from Twisted Pine brewery?
:
love me or hate me I promise it won't make or break me!
lil wayne
She is only the sweetest.
: Thank you for your deliciousness.
:
IM JEALOUS!
I know how you feel....im starving.
yeah me to !
so whats for lunch..
lol
Nice PR piece 4 the mayor of Cincinnati on Undercover Boss tonight.
No way Jerry could have pulled that off.
newmayor?
Get well soon abhi...
club penguin, that's what up :
i got not time for LeBron hate!
you're right: his game and perspective are overlooked.
doctorve gets a meh from me.
I give the girls who sat next to me  audibly swooned over Gosling the whole a time big thumbs up.
My best life, I'm suppose to be on stage, singing, smiling, laughing, giving joy  a good time to others!
YES..
gimme ur number!
Hahaha.
Sad but true!
At least it's Friday...
cleaning is going well...
1 load to Goodwill  now to recycle empty propane  CO2 canisters...
yes, we are getting ready to move again
EEk!
So much pressure picking head shots.
Just saw Ralph Wilson stadium in Orchard Park, I have to admit, there is nicer high school stadiums in Texas.
Bill Destler advice to geeks on meeting girls: You have to talk to them :
Great time  Cubs game yesterday.
Heading out now to see Tim McGraw.
I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian ...
If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you.
Simple as that  Eminem
Not the cry, but the flight of the wild Wedge mustache postgame, leads the flock to fly and follow.
i love him!
Isnt he so good?!
That's so meta, I'm going to tell you that it's meta while doing a little metareflection of my own.
Glass of water for Ole Lady......
Agreed!
However...mitgating circumstances: OnCall Pager attached to my hip.
Great keynote by at SXSW don't worry.
worry your ass off.
have iron clad confidence but doubt; it keeps you awake and alert.
It's stuff I've collected over the years.
Just trying to do something worthwhile with my Instragram account and iPhone.
thank you!
Holiday season is here so find affiliate products people want  make some serious money online
you read my mind Tyler.
That's what I was about to do!
Damn you to hell FB!

Ion do no cheating if I'm wit cha I'm wit cha
: Freds demo shows making the platform accessible to non IT is a key direction for SN know12 ovumit
moderation is natures remedy for a broken heart  Kiera Condon
RT : Lisa Jewell on Are We Nearly There Yet?
One of my fave Writers.
V funny  equally touching kindle 1.99...
Chile, your at Ihop again!!!!
We would love to!!
CALL COOLCABRaleigh6332606 to reserve your RIDE!
:
Also was fun to do readers advisory with someone at Grand Central Library today..
I heart graphic novels!!!!
Thank you...
I love collecting and creating them : 
1 of the worst things a woman could do is keep her child away from his/her dad Bcuz him  her aren't kool anymore!
Attention Atlanta area filmmakers...
Silverwood does more than music...
We can handle your mixing, Adoctor and Foley needs...
Give us a call
Getting out of school at 10
Procrastination results in less success in life.
top selling women perfume 2day: miami glow
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Soren Kierkegaard
Last Day to rock Orlando!
thank you!
So, told me you tattled on me and my vote for bagels.
The breakfast taco inquisition is now officially after me
lol!
Good luck...
125,000 FOLLOWERS.
Oh boy you go Dylan.
4 for you
I never lose sight of the fact that just being is fun.
Katharine Hepburn
I Wanna Marry Popeye...
Librarians have stormed Bananarchy at
I got bottles and ashes every where : Omg I need to clean my room
I'm still trying to process what the heck just happened on AGT...
Good morning from !
Check out our site: www.savetodaycentral.com for the best onestop shop for OKC's Daily Deals!
New in Reference Universe: A Dictionary of Creation Myths from Oxford University Press
Its always the prettiest girls that are the most insecure.
i could definitely use......
beats...
Thanks for FOLLOWING U Guys ROCK!
Next two weeks: weeks from hell.
At least my birthday is on Sunday!
If you take Xanax and other prescription doctorgs mixed with alcohol.
Don't go swimming!
Done and done!
when did girls and women become called hoes?
Last time I checked we were called young ladies
new york city SHINDIG!
everyday is another chance to make your doctorams come true
You don't need more time just use what you have more efficiently!
Coach Terry
Send em home,
This lakers performance is beyond embarrassing.
It's not surprising given their trouble with Denver, but still disappointing.
You can only understand people if you feel them in yourself.
John Steinbeck...
Joshua was a prolific, inquisitive reader of Steinbeck.
dale....
Wrong Pitbull?
I say thank the lordy for Arrested Development!
You got me fallin
yes i am why?
I miss you too!!!!
Scotch Broom is so empty!!
Had 2 switch twitters cuz I got in twitter jail on da other one...but its not 2 early..lol..u jus can't handle the heat
I fasted Twitter for a week!!!!
I missed it so much!!!
At night I can maybe see why, but in the daytime that's just silly.
O yea Happy Cinco de Mayo ?
Ok doctornk Mexican beer  tequila.
did you get the glowsticks??
he did the first verse at this concert way back.
There was like 50 people in the crowd, that far back.
that's what another kid was saying.
Nothing quite like an English class where all we do is discuss hockey
thanks for doctornking OBP.
But it is not made by Orlando Brewing.
Brewer is Tom Moench.
Thx.
What on earth does Man Town smell like?
9 pmclose enjoy our fabulous doctorft beer selections for 1/2 price tonight!
Good structure is necessary, but don't try to bypass good storytelling by meticulously following a formula.
I love Torts
Thanks for the RT glad you liked the quote.
Manage your energy as though it has endless possibilities...because it does.
fridaylistens finished Brava Valentine by Trigiani and started Trick of the Light by Penny
where to nextt ???
; i'll get right on that.
Bored eating some licorice trying to figure out if I should just get doctornk an take Vics an sleep
I wanna change my 4th, 5th  6th grade years.
yeah right!
I asked you for a review to add comfort, you said you couldn't do it.
lol glad to have you around though
Unusually busy for a Wednesday especially given it is our down season.
Thanks for asking.
How was yours?
levishotdogs I Just had the combo, it's a hot dog, fish cakes and pepper hash...2 for 1 deal for Twitter Followers out of this world!
Making a fake billboard.
doctornking red wine.
Go Rebels !
Oh, there are SO many NSFW things I would want this service to have....
which shoes do you wear?
Highlight of Saturday night: Micky's playing 's 'Only The Horses!' Ah 
Testing out new phone tweets
Good tshirts make for good times
Have any info on the 2012 Cinco De Mayo festival?
Denim chicken
Tough for the refs not to call that one on Foligno, but probably shouldn't have been a penalty.
Can't wait to see you!
RT Stopping in later 2day to get some new stuff to wear on The Shopping Channel.
I'm either your neighbor or your dealers' neighbor.
So, can y'all just agree to share the road?
Did she say, Please put some other music on this thing!
You're killing me with all the Toto!
:D
Heard someone else talking about that show as well.
I'll give them a listen today.
Longest 5 minutes ever
woo!
Miss you too!
MyBiggestFlaw is that I cannot control my anger.
.
Check out www.blueskytours.com for great trips to Hawaii  how'bout 1300 for 5nites  the Royal Kona  brkfst dly, luau, car, more!
And look at Evelyn.
chickens and people:
if you let your feelings go dear , it's crazy what you'll find
So much on my mind right now:/ I'm going to hit the gym really hard right now!!!
I remember Habit, tho not proud to admit it  MTM reference was an attempt at a highly obscure Change of Habit joke.
when can i see what you bought?
How sweet it must be to be on the Joides Resolution!!
Welcome Marlo and Jean!
hi preity  i would love to hire you to host a video chat with your fans.
DM me for more details.
tried watching the pilot of American Horror Story, and I got so freaked out in the first 10 minutes I had to stop
I would love it!
Thanks for that.
My cholesterol levels thank you, too
Just announced our first recital date!
Sept 18  Spanish and Latin American Zarzuela/Opera!
Looking forward to the party for the new location at keller williams west tomorrow.
Strange I lost my job about a month ago..
shoutout to my home skillet  LOL
I'm Fucking Disaster Movie...
:D
Perspective changes when the bridges have been burned, and no other option is left but to succeed!
I kept feeding her money till her shit started to make sense .
So...Damn i 4got R.I.P.
Biggy Smalls aka
Anytimee: What's up?
Wow big game for Aresenal!!!
I hate when someone tells me something so fucked up that I can't think of anything to say.
I just stand there with a stupid look on my face.
at the Jazz Showcase w/ tenor sax of our time Ron Blake, Dennis Carroll bass, Kobie Watkins doctorms.
Tonight through Sunday.
Should be fun.
yeah, somehow I imagine yancy's cheese with the massage, yikes
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Laura Beier on the 12U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program
So i told Alex i REALLY like him, and he said he REALLY liked me, and then my mom made me get off the computer :/ which sux.
:/
Gotta go with Bama
Smh you fucked it up?
RT : Hit somebody car today
Well played!
I picked Daddy Long Legs out of a hat...stupid hat!
There are alot of decent hoes claiming their off the chain..
point em out..
I A M .
Ima take everything down and redo the entire thing and make room for my direction posters gunnna be hawt .
Thanks, Gman!
Is it me or does it seem Safari uses less memory and is more efficient than Chrome?
There's stuff money can't buy.
Extra time on the clock, for instance.
I hate groupies!!
like before my goal
welcome to my life.
Lol
Homies central better go hard on st.
Peterson kuh
What a horrendous play by Danks.
I guess exceptions can be made :
Alright...
I'm starving...
Leaving early to get food...
Dang I hate that I forgot to fix my lunch before leaving today...
I can't 4 it!
Iu Justin u Rawk
THANK YOU!
So excited :'
No support for John Brown's raid in the future West Virginia.
Tonight at !
at 6pm at the Market Wine Bar.
I got sick really sick went to the hospital an everything im a lil better now though
Keely just finished up her classes.
Now just grading and entering grades.
Lovely night..one happy girl.
Sixers doubling Pierce and KG everytime they touch the ball.
I can't fucking stand bad readers.
You're in 10th grade!
Learn how to read!
it sucks haha
r33c3: I feel people who aren't info pros own the meaning of the word 'librarian'  in the archaic sense.
thanks for the tweet Nisi!
Got your email  sent a reply.
Will look at my calendar  let you know.
y bipolar
Well, hopefully...
but at what cost to my sanity?
;
Player goes on the field.
Field is wet and slippery.
Player gets a Yellow Card.
Pretty much sums up the SKCvsCHI game with
Laura Mercier makeup is awesome!
Paulina  Pualinas Spa on Wauwatosa WI can hook you up!
I live very close to there!
: where in Albuquerque?
I used to live on Indian School near University, years ago.
upland to see a show.
Another fabulous job by Melissa ta Brio Salon in Pittsford!
I'm not stupid...
I know why you guys never invited me to the studio with Esther...
I see what its all about..
not if one game is a Sunday and the other is to late to get flight back!
It Wouldnt Surprise Me At All If The Miami Heat Swept The Knicks.
Lebron Obliterated Them In Game 1.
I so voted YES on PROP 19!
I'm defiantly going :
And its officialy the end of my era
Thanks for the Follow!
Gearing up for a big meeting that could break new ground for Lovable Varmint and new media in the area.
Wish us luck!
Texas Senate out to kill our kids.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Antoine de SaintExupéry
Done with everyone.
Every last one of you can eat shit
Left work early due to my gimpy wrist.
Ice and ibuprofessorn aren't helping.
Having fun at the beach :D
Guh I get more and more pumped every time I see commercial for never say never..BRING IT ON ALREADY!!
you'd still be mad at me !
i know, i know  i'm quite the athlete!
Looks like we are going to the Angels opening night game in LA!
Part of baseball history...
I've nevr been to MLB opening day b4
Congratulations to and !
and for their great efforts.
Now, let's get elected
Great webinar today!
See, I don't think you are a realist.
A realist would know its too early in season 2 know a team has cost itself playoffs
i'm unhappy about all of it...
obama was supposed to end the wars, not just continue duhhhbaya's policies.
Thanks for the WW shout out ;
omg, i need to go to italy right now to get more food.
I love my Lord and Provider.
Watching the movie SELENAalways will be remembered
Lol.
X you've seen me around?
:The Help...best movie I have ever seen.
The message is unbelievable.
Everyone needs to see it.
We are all equal.GOD IS LOVE.
: Also...the strike isn't all about Occupy.
So again...no.
Tip of the Day: If it's hard to manipulate the floss, use a floss holder or interdental cleaner.
I sure do know how to pick my guys ...
And I'm back!
says I don't tweet enough, hard to do with a 5month old that demands all your free time!
:
's keeks are always so entertaining!
: I love them!!!
:
That's say I have eyzs ku can get last in
So I went out of my way to follow this dude because he was begging for his 100th follower,  he didn't even follow back.
SMH
Life is a garden..DIG IT!!!
Can't recommend it enough!
im at school : chillen with aaron!
Sad to hear of Chuck Colson's death.
He took his mistakes  used them 4 good of prisoners in 113 countries!
Talk about beauty from ashes!!
Oh lol my bad
I know, he's become annoying now
ahaha how come ur up so late?
I almost forgot how lonely it was to be single :/
Food..!
Yes.
Thank Yu Lord.
Research Scientist in Type 1 Diabetes
I gave her my heart and she gave me a pen.
Thanks for the RTs!
We hope you'll join us in volunteering, donating or at Rock 2 Rebuild, our Haiti concert.
just downloaded it thanks man.
Why did no one tell me about ?
Thank you for retweeting the hilarity.
O so i did my speach today.
pretty cool.
Jets down at half 243.
Dandy Don might be singin' early tonite...
weather is really nice actually....it's nice and sunny now and it's pretty breezy where i live.....which island are you visiting???
enjoy yr stay.
many eagles fans here in the 305.
Love !
Thanks for being here in Nashville.
I wouldn't be so irritated at this dying printer if I hadn't spent 23 on a new cartridge TODAY.
Looking forward to inaugural PDX 1/2 marathong Sunday!
Should be great weather.
Excited that we won the Bride's Choice Award 2012!
That means we are in the top 5 of Wedding Pros nationwide!
:
wait till next year jakey
An honor, sir!
RT : thanks for being my 500th follower.
Let's do this.
Rhymes better than MC Hawking, at least.
between next week and MDW after that, it looks like our next opportunity will be June 4!
Thoughts?
I would name my show The Averagette and the screening process would be does not wear a baseball hat
doctorzzy on the jukebox
Big day for Cleveland.
Casino opens tonight.
Enjoy your stay!
RT : So excited to visit in our new city today!!!
It's a long slow beautiful dance, to the beat of a heart.
My loan was approved
Stuck on shift, pissed I'm missing
this is looking like a contest of who can act like they care less
Herman Cain will announce his future plans.
Will he stay on the trail?
Watch Brigdet and I on KUSI  we are live now!
love you too...
Yea.
It's definitely a balancing act.
And yet will denying someone access to porn or gambling adversely effect their lives?
congrats on your first 5K that is awesome!
good luck on your next one
You ain't got nobody that can work like me!
RT : I'LL WRAP YA HEAD IN WITH A FUCKIN RATCHET
Oh I wish I was at cafewha?
tonight to see vanhalen I hear it was amazing !
Where is the video?
DON'T.
RUN.
EVER!
WAIT..
The pats get a TD from the exact same play that WASNT a TD from Finley?!
I do not understand that stupid rule.
Here too, it's the only way, really.
RT : sunday night...
heavy on the pasta!
uhm, nothing.
im bored.
:/ HBU?
Its OK, I doctorwn out the sound of my ModelM with Taylor Swift music /cc
Yes!!
Welcome home Hoosier native !
thanks for the rt!
that's great everybody doing fine tell your mom I said hi:
Yung KING 'We Do This' Mixtape doctorps June 21st
lol omg :x we will talk tomorrow!
about to put down a new song on you tube.
Palindoctorme of the day: Won't I panic in a pit now?
Had a lot of coffee, had a lot of sugar.
Slightly crashing, but can't.
One of the great regrets of my life was skipping seeing at the MidSouth Fairgrounds in Memphis.
Maybe in the Dells.
Hope you are enjoying your Sunday thus far!
Always stay true to who you are.
Just know there are sacrifices to all things worth having.
so did you get a new iPhone?
Pitt Psych Dept.: Bomb threats obvious unresolved Oedipal complex, resulting in latent manifestation of Cathedoctorl phallusenvy.
shut up.
you know nothing about me.
Starting my taxes because: why not?
I hope you watched American Dad, Roger said it's sad that Artie on Glee doesn't actually need a wheelchair in real life.
Portobello, red pepper, tomato, spinach, artichoke, chicken, goat cheese and balsamic panini for lunch.
Yuuummmmmmm :
Monday Morning Brain Buster ANSWER: The average American has 8 keys.
PepsiTeamInvite announcers bash Katie Flood doctorpping down to 800m, can't possibly beat Oregon Not the kind of announcing I like.
oh my god you just made my night haha.
they're so tight!
How is this...lolzz..
I have my Mom rubbing my feet right now.
Long day at work.
I see hash tags for snowpocalypse2.
Doesn't the term apocalypse preclude possibility of a sequel?
Taking Blue to the vet for his first checkup.
Lil dude is gettin big!
Who wants to be Vice President of Promotion for ?
Promote Do It Anyway through word of mouth.
FOUND VAN HALEN SHIRT!
FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA PARTY TONIGHT!
Not currently an ambiturner .
.
.
Like Derek Zoolander's evil twin, I can't turn right
lol!
hope you like Vancouver :D
Factoring discounts vary considerably, and will depend on the factoring company, and probably particularly on the age of the receivables.
Makes us sob sometmes, but tru RT : in a world of fb  YouTube, y wld anyone come 2 a museum website?
just curious, how were the companies selected?
Any emphasis on women executives or on BOD?
hee hee.
Mainly for the recipes.
Have the courage to face a difficulty lest it kick you harder than you bargained for.
Stanislaus I, Maxims
complex fiction, yes..but most don't invite it by satisfying emotional arcs.
the holes weren't my biggest problem with the end.
good for you.
sounds like it'll be a neat film
I'm Like SO HEAATTEEEDDDD
I couldnt possibly disagree with your point more That decision has exactly 0 chance of standing.
But thanks for the RT :
RT : Put it on your calendar TasteOfTriangle 2013 April 19th.
Bigger Better San Diego Non professort for City Schools 92122
Dont sit down and wait for the opportunities to come.
Get up and make them!
C.J.
Walker
smh You are something else.
What happened to you?
Hi Kimmie:3 The song I really love from you is Olive Yew:
tip top meats at Palomar  I5.
Full on German eatery.
Must have.
Lakers fans happy , but they lost by 29 and La cant beat Mia .
It is indeed Piney from RSN and of course you are CTLovestheSox.
:
So it may be time to bring in the bullpen.
I'd like to tell him to get his dad a bigger jersey this year.
Nobody wants to see that tight ass jersey on him
ironically, I am a head exploding alien
search iPTT in the App store.
The life you live is the truth you follow.
Joel Garcia /
I'll try.
I just don't want to wake up and be groggy.
You know?
congrats on the follow/dm/rt carlss3 you're so lucky!
Yall hve to visit me : we gonna be up in Philly !!
Phil Hellmuth on Dancing with the Stars?
Please tell me this is a joke?
Phil, you are like the Paris Hilton of poker players.
I am so excited about this trip.
why is it so nice outside?!
Making a gourmet breakfast.
A hot pocket and vitamin water.
RT Don't know why this caught my eye so much, but our leading rebounder is Andoctorw w/ 83 total rebs.
2nd is Rose w/ 82.
It's not me, it's you
IfICouldIWould get the thought of you outta my head.
We read about the fires.
Our thoughts are with you guys, especially those athletes who lost their homes.
Yes!
I think they're in the same family...
Did you notice his eyes are shut in one of those pics?!
LOL Baby Goalies FTW!
It's very well appreciated.
damn ur pussy is so tight
Can you follow me?!
Please?!
it was a really good article :
I do.
And made a reservation at Uva Enoteca in the Haight.
:
RT milwaukee record?
barrett could mention walkers criminals to run the prisons plan
and ledacris?
Really you couldn't think of anything more original, why don't you hop off 's sack you lame
Evan Rosenbaum W'14 wants to reimagine books and change the reading experience with EKR Media
Shakespeare's advice to Michelle Bachmann  Sarah Palin: Give thy thoughts no tongue.
If you do yourself 1 favor today, make some Kale Chips with Nutmeg.
Pretty much as easy as tearing up kale and put'n it in the oven.
YUM!
are you going to let me follow you this time lol
march madness!
see what I did there?
Not even watching my brothers game
we're adding green creme de menthe today as well.
why does it have to be so cold right now?
because i won't be able to go to california this summer anyways.
;n;
My pain, my suffering will be your comfort.
I'm going to your concert tonight!
Hope your at the OC Fair with !
; 3
Forever an Aztecs fan's refrain: It's only a game.
It's only a game.
It's only a game ....
Just paid off a credit card!
A friend asked if it was a food feeling.
Yes.
Food and good feelings abound......
I thought he got signed by Houston?
We played against him when they came here
very glad you dudes came to the show!
do media and fans focus more on a QBs height than coaches and GMS?
50 more tentacles rocks!
Maybe not a review, but a bumper sticker?
We're calling this past weekend's crack down on gangs a success.
It makes it sound like we did something really good for a change.
Facilitating re dig citizenship at tie col conference in June..what are you doing to make sure students are aware of their dig footprints?
Dammit.
If I hit my industrial one more time, i'm gonna be severely pissed.
Now begging this blunt to please roll itself...
I seem to remember Kittydew trying to convince my doctor was easy
No Work for me Tomorrow!
YAHH YAHH
Snagged axhamgames on FB.
Wanted axham, but was taken by someone whose name it wasn't.
time for shuteye.
no can gamedev for a week.
:
REMINDER: Grand Rounds tomorrow  noon in Gorman Auditorium, where doctor David Rabin will lecture on Sustainable and Effective Health Care
HA!
Fat Elvis!
I like this new plan.
Hit everything at Fat Elvis in right field!!
I didn't do anything to youu...
Great day with and demonstrating new data collection technology!
doctoraming with Joanides calling me Pocahontas at a trial lmfao.
I don't regret the things I've done, i regret the things i didn't do when i had the chance
I love the fact that my chest and abs are naturally bare of hair : just hope it stays that way!!!
Can't Wait Till Summer Breakk Bro  :
SCMS12 Agloro on media production  community service meets grades 612 standards that are in many disciplines.
stopbullying see LIVE now
Please keep my fellow Tucsonans in your prayers.
Thoughts and prayers to those who lost their lives and those who are recovering.
I love goldfish.
nope!
Exactly 2 months before BELIEVE .
What's up?
im higher than dinosaur pussi
You ever have your mind so set on something that when you don't get that thing you feel like a failure.
Very weird...
Just had a phonecall from an anonymous young woman asking whether she needed to cite x, y, z.
Well gang going on a new job interview today.
Wish me luck.
It looks like Avatar may be the next step in the future of movie making.
I want to go back to sleep!!:
In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it  thou art a fool.
Where is a good place to get sushi in South Tampa?
im just not tired tonight..
owell
yeah, fat chance
I got you :3 I'm just gonna go next weekend
try singing...it's like instant autotune!
RT I think that you are never too old to talk into a fan to hear ur robot voice.
What's happeningin sd
B12 wont go to 11.
If they expand for 2013 then 12 is magic number.
11 is decided but needs a partner better than cincy.
We tried, sorry
The most expensive phone number sold was cell phone number 6666666, auctioned off for charity in Qatar.
It sold for 2.7 million.
well im sure we can get a group together.
Friday the 10th is fireworks and student id night.
my understanding is that Jefferson was a Deist who believed Jesus thought of himself ....as a Deist, not a messianic figure.
I just rub myself with Cheeto dust.
Agreed!
RT : Beginning of a needed discussion w/ Don't let it doctorp Let's work on it
Your making me hungry, Adam!
If I had 10k, I would not even come close to paying off my student loans.
Hooray!
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
Going to bed right now, feel like death :
It's official: Facebook files for IPO to raise 5 Billion
the ticket says Doug loves boobies.
Except it's really Doug loves movies.
So it's like wordplay.
Get it.
Tonight's Free Play Specials: Incredible Hulk shots  the Tomb Raider Dog topped w/ carrots, cilantro, peanuts, sprouts  peanut sauce!!
Who's more important to Bulls title run?
Boozer or Rip?
Who you got?
I just told some stuff I thought I'll never tell to no one!!!
bodega breakfast
Haven't check it yet.
Anything new to share?
you better meet me in the hallway after this for TwerkTeamThursday practice
I only have twitter for and
IMMA KEEP VOTING CAUSE I WANT THAT USTREAM FROM YOU GUYS...IM A DEDICATED MINDLESS FAN!!!!!FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE:::
whats god girl ;p
My grandpa likes to party to much man..like damn
Tuesday the only day I don't have a midterm exam this week...
Does the school not realize this harmful to my wellbeing?!
should come play a song or two for my cousins benefit at the Mansfield fat daddy's.
got too much country over here ha!
Look at me now.Look at me now.I'm gettin TAPERED!
Holy shit!
This may be the best thing I've ever heard on the radio!
RT:Welcome to HTown!!
Thanks man.
when r u comin to miami of nyc??
3 plzz follow me?
Start your New Years resolution early with our orchard salad, served with crisp pears, apples, and green goddess doctorssing!
This could be true, don't test me!
: If a Scorpio woman gets mad at you, she will break your face.
i was just thinking about the week ahead of me....we may need to get cheesies tomorrow night...thoughts?
we found love in a soapless place .
HAHAHAHA
There are good people out there in world, surround yourself with them and see yourself grow.
That bitch was fuckin me suckin me at
Hello Taryn: You have some very nice material.
I hope you have a great weekend.
Check out our auction tonight at Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware doctor NE Albuquerque, NM 87109 5053444330
Who would have thought the thing that would give me good grades was a little hard work.
nun.
Wass good
Map semantic networks for corporate reputation, branding, image with full semantic network or list of include words/phrases
Big News2 Tacos to be offered on Thursdays starting this week!
Get them TuesdaysThursdays!
Great job playing Snooki.
Roll the dope.
I'm ready to get zooted
Thanks for the mention!
and the beautifully printed cards.
I hear you JBB!!!
Inside joke is inside.
wish I could attend.
First year that I will not be present
excited for you guys
Moving offices today.
Giving up lots of space to gain a window.
Think it's worth it?
I feel lucky just to have an office.
And a job.
what's the word?
Hearing multiple songs on the radio back to back that just piss you off more.
Should i do 10 facts about myself?
:
Is it a question of more or less?
I think the question is fillermeat stories vs.
actual investigations of crime.
thanks so much!
Nana wanted me to tell you she loves her leopard poncho you got her for Christmas, Nana and papa say they love you
Watching 16  pregnant not only wants to make me wanna wait til im older to have kids, but its making me wanting no kids at all.
seeing on TheVoice tonight brought back some great childhood memories for me!!
You sang your ass off, cheering for ya!!
i suppose ill let that slide lol
Thanks for the recommendation and happy birthday!
Just some things you don't say to or about your friend
Put a gun to my head and paint the walls with my brains, put a gun to my head and paint the fucking walls
If you got Nothin nice to say, then don't say anything at all.
And JMC335 is finished.
Well, sans the final projects I have to grade.
It was a wonderful and educational experience.
RT : Lets get this party started!
Nice day in Columbia
had so much fun floating the Sandy river for your birthday!
Now on to 2 beers at East Burn.
What a great day!
yes, that would be weird, but I hope she does it anyway.
:
lol um do u know how much it cost??
With great weather all over the country did anyone get out and enjoy some park or patio time this weekend?
Happy Halloween everyone!
I saved the best Halloween party for last  tonight
I wouldn't mind camping out at school the night before our last day.
RT Really?
I'll bite : Don't be a jackhole, tweet something w/ MKETwestivalCares tag.
gets a dollar.
First time in a while a cigarette actually tasted good.
Life changing XFACTOR go chris, melanie, josh awesome
I will be working some evenings this week to finish up some floor cleaning work in 651.
you can't help being a geek.
lol
Meeting of the African American Men on the Hill.
breaking down the Senate Judiciary Committee.
HE BEAT IT LIKE A COP!
haha I would be happy to share my limited knowledge of that fine doctornk!
Suns rising while ya...
GreysAnatomy was....just wow!
I'm picturing soggy sheep  trying not to laugh.
Honest!
RT The sheep are very vocal today.
Think they're probably very soggy
On da bus nd its slow
he really isnt even that good though.
Only reason he is famous is because of an Ex wife.
That is so lame.
He sometimes makes me wanna be 's religion.
Like reeeaaalllyyyyy
Navin Chaddha and Tim Chang Named to Forbes Midas List of Top Tech Investors
I'll tell you where I am, if you tell me where you are.
I'm dying to know the context here.
Boo birds out in philly first period was pathetic lucky only to be down 1
Blessings and Rewards are always on the other side of Commitment!
Battle of kid tablets ces kap2012  wide range of features  prices.
Who helps parents choose?
have you found yourself a place to live?
Even the most desperate life is oh so wonderful.
MY graduation party bout to be like that i stamp bout to have some bandS monopoly bread and i hit up fat trel bookin HOPEN HE COME
I feel like an antiflag song is to blame but I can't remember which one
Ok klout tells me now that I am influential about homosexuality, Chicago, and technology.
Still strange, but that works I guess.
Rail mail haiku for Poetry Month: Shrieking train whistle / Quick sorting, sorting, sorting / Cozy, warm mail bag

follow me ;p
GOODMORNING TO ALL
I am a student at GCC.
The piano is being played EVERY DAY by MANY people.
Nice to see it getting tuned today too!
It's the sort of thing that i suppose is in some markets conceivable.
In that area, in that building, darn near unpossible.
Santos down 20 with 44 minutes gone in the second half.
And tied it .
Good by Tigres.
Rayados vs Santos
Thanks, Bob!
Getting ready for another amazing day of cooking
Despondent about Daniel Schorr's passing.
9:10AM Saturday mornings just won't be the same.
Agree w/ re direct engagement in LatinAmerica to counter Iranian influence  doctorgCartels.
RT
i'm loving that pic of you and Perez!
:D
She was built with some swagger
Kentucky doesn't need to blow it 
I could write a book on fitness and weightloss if you or anyone you know needs any tips feel free to RT or msg.
I love sharing knowledge.
Ok im gonna check it out
are you trying to get me excited for friday??
Fill it in: Figueroa's    One great day!
Just arrived Wifi exists but everyone seems to be downloading movies or something.
mtiprivacy discussing Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights recently introduced by the White House.
Looks like another beautiful day ahead for the midwest.
Sunny and 80's
What Patrick be smoking ?
Woohoo!
It's gonna go down that day!
partylikerockstars Oh wait, Hance is already a rock star.
:P
funny stuff!
Aiiiiiiiiight!
By yourself?
haha.
Ops.
Sorry.
Hoping April showers bring May flowers!
picture please !?;
You use to be amazing...
Then you changed.
RT Management thought of the day: Appearance can't make a manager successful, but can unnecessarily sabotage one.
Doing fine thankfully my phone still works.
Hope to be online soon but thankfull to be alive!
Pretrial hearing for alleged Christmas Tree bomber filled with talk of undercover agents, secret recordings and potentially classified info
I don't believe in human contact.
MU waterski team's pasta fundoctoriser is tomorrow at the 2040 lofts from 5 to 7 pm.
All you can eat pasta, salad and dessert!
Are you going to get off of the computer anytime soon?
RT : doctorCerf tkng TV product placement 2 interactive experience through IPTV  links 2 store dn the road  says it's in stock.
The secret of all great undertakings is hard work and selfreliance.
Gustavus F.
Swift 
is your dj this evening at HAVEN SOUTH BEACH...it's about to go down hard tonight people, see tonight!
Great set is planned!
GLENN BECK TO END HIS SHOW!!!
Because mellio2 needs a Twitter account.
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore.
There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
I got back to seattle at 10 pm and it was a small plane so we had to walk outside and I thought I was gonna freeze even tho it was 50....
there's no R in chicago AND no S in Illinois
Closed SHORT USDCAD for 10 pips professort; 2 of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18 SHORT
Thankslove WU!
Cats don't understand physics.
promise him something he loves immediately after
Good morning Pasco!
What's happening around the tampabay area today?
Fuck it, I'm putting a bunch of my own fucking music on really loud and banging my head
you are not a tweeting machine.
Let's see you make double digits through on your tweet count.
That's what's up.
are you going to the food truck thing at VHS?
Project X  craziness
woke up.
Didn't know what day it was.
Realized was Sunday...
nice.
I think the UC crowd is quiet because they're refraining from booing.
can't hook you up w/ july 6 tix try getting a bleacher seat if any are left?
your welcome: I love watching your videos, by the way your kind of cute:
Hey Jer!
Gonna call you this weekgot a few events coming up!
Check out the brains on u!
haha
Over 50 of the house for Friday night is sold!
Yahoo!
I can't wait to get up to to start prepping for the concert tonight!
This is gonna be off the charts!
We can dance if we want to!
Yum!
RT : and the iberico ham!
RT : A1.
I'd love to rediscover the magic of Sevilla, Spain again and again.
Lovin Life and the people in it!
You can't get too comfortable and you can't catch feelings too quickly.
that ribbon of dehydoctorted rhubarb is genius!
And tasty!
Interesting about Cloud strategy.
you need to watch the other episodes!!
FoxNews: Best Buy said its former chief executive Brian Dunn  who abruptly resigned in April following allegations of an affair with a
Chain cost the coupe, coupe cost tha crib, ridin with the choppa like its ma friend!
doctoram on doctoramer
I have been crying and crying for weeks...
They have it in Oregon, but it's pricey and only comes in cans.
One of our clients was killed in a hit and run accident yesterday.
3 doctorvers hit her and left her.
what the hell is wrong with people?
Hm From the bloodshed in Syria to Nick Cannon.
sigh Americana.
I have to admit I love those two especially the first
MUST FOCUS
Home sweet home!
Let's see who wins between the Pats and Broncos
see also: woof, pi'cher, etc
RT : Had a great time on the panel with Good timesYes So fun!
annex was just as poppin as quad.
don't front.
these peeps can fry my bacon anytime
Must See TV!
RT nflnetwork Coming your way next, NFL's Greatest Games: SB13 vs
I think one of the best ways of measuring outcomes is to ask those teens who take part what they got out of the program.
Happy New Year!!
Come party with Vegas' HOTTEST Showgirls and ring in the new year right!
We're here 'til 6am, guys...
Justin bieber
game day ...get focused!
Mosquito bites in March.
Oh brave, new world that has such insects in it!
Don't forget to text your glove vote today!
Text READS to 86132
That GOONIES Movement coming in t minus
imagine you are on a plane and austin is kissing you down the neck.
you: omg...
austin: shhh, no one will hear you.
;
The Panthers also can clinch the Southeast Division with a win against Winnipeg and a Washington regulation loss on Monday in Tampa Bay.
I love getting peircings, but I never keep the peircing in long.
Getting my cartilage peirced Friday.
haha : do you like cody simpson?
Strategic HR is achieved Beyond HR per in his Transformative HR session at
I remember manuscript boxes redolent of cigar smoke, but doctored coldcuts are something else entirely.
Ewwwww.
What do you grill most often?
Beef, chicken, or fish?
I have heartburn.
I'm gonna die.
RT : TIP Successful home businesses are fueled by good marketing, lead generation  VALUE on the front end

we are thrilled to have you aboard as the moderator for the next CNN Dialogues!
RT : Yul Kwon survivor cook island winner, joins us to talk about his new adventure on Tweet ur questions now
FOLLOW MY INSTAGRAM  mahomie14 ADD ME ON KIK SAME USER NAME 3
And now I am again sitting alone.
Ah, sorryshould have been in previous tweet
Welcome to twitter :!
luv u girl
Help the world today  because you never know if you will be able to help tomorrow!
I am aware that success is more than a good thought.
It is timing too.
: nice gear.
Thanks!
Lots more coming soon...full website should be up and open for business very soon.
Vegan chipotle tomato and red pepper soup today!
Right?
It's a little frustrating.
Time for some independent RDA studyin'.
nah, i'm cool...
RT : Y'all Want Some New Lola?
listening to , so bored, iyiyi xD
NBA is almost back?
Nigga why am I giving them a chance again?
Earlier I cleaned my windshield with window cleaner and a maxi pad.
Already sayin we're cheating
using the mister clean nickname...nice
I just wish I still had that one person I can go to for everything, the one I could call mine !
How Freud duped the church: , who promotes friendships btwn married men and women, responds to :...
Come on calvin you know you want to hang out with friends!
Universe contains 3 things that cannot be destroyed; Being, Awareness  LOVE
Go easy on the syrup!
Have a happy!!!
Welcome back graduate students.
The doors of wisdom are never shut.
Benjamin Franklin
Your face rocks!
ahh that's true.
so many girls are doctorssing up really nice for them though.
afterwards, i'm roaming all of tampa to find them.
I am going to have to start watching revenge if you are on it.
Thank goodness the Brewers are done with the always incredibly difficult to deal with future Hall of Famer Jeff Suppan.
When you look at it from Arthur's point of view....the camelot sort of sucked....
How'd you get so fly?
From not being afraid to fall out of the sky.
Yeah Jay Z.
happy to have live here for Reidandfiorentino golf classic.
don't you ever let me do karaoke again.
The museum is open today and Friday from 9 a.m.
to 4 p.m.
Come celebrate your days off school with us!
I swear, I have to get my hair permanently straightened again this summer.
Florida doesn't like my hair.
thanksgiving break, i will get videos uploaded.
on hopefully most of my channels.
c:
Stepping higher gives us a better vantage point, a clearer view not only of where we have been, but where it is best to go.
omg yes it was very uncomfortable they pressed all in my bladder I was glad when it was Done!
THIS IS MY SHOWER!
AND THIS IS MY TOILET!
Big moves over there at Linked In, hey ?
So I wasn't the only one who saw that sweet sunset!
This chick
Watching first season of sons of anarchy.
Wicked addicting show and I'm only 6 episodes in.
Walk in the Memorial Day Parade behind the Library banner!
Signup sheets are at the library and the opportunity to order a tshirt.
My xmas tree is white unless you believe it's snow mmmkaayy
Somemore good feedback from German training  'A very good day  most enjoyable  Jo made it really fun and not intimidating'.
This music shit is gonna be the life and death of me, lol.
you're amazing;
Now here's a deal  Sonic Bmore.
Mozzarella sticks for 99c.
today only.
Hurry b4 deals blows away.
limit 1.
not vaild w/ other discounts.
I agree
I'm in the tent.
You nearby?
im im on some island rite now you cool though ?
Will we ever see a natural dunk started from the 3 point line in our lifetime?
Hello my new friend!
even I get it all the time.
Ridiculous!
Who actually goes to the websites anyway?
SMW Please consider a panel that talks of applied Creative Storytelling in Digital, rather than editorial observations.
Is there a google translator for pretentious design jargon?
Will be posting Science Lab Reports completed by students to our website.
I think you guys have a new obsessed fan on your hands lol.
Dem fuckas ain't makin' no sense.
Justin won tonight!
Super proud!
Selena had a great performance!
Tswift was beautiful as always.
Great Show!
Mayo's Alec Elseth dealing tonight.
He tossed a completegame twohitter in the Spartans' 61 win over Mankato East.
Finished with 7 Ks
que?
Grub on Valencia
RT : We tend to our souls with other people: how we treat them is the gym in which we work out our ethical muscles....
lol naww...
i just aint tryna the solution all out there like that
People are walking the streets of Galveston in a zombielike state.
Party Like A Truck doctorver!?!
it would!
.
on the upside, when you spend the holiday alone, you save the life of a turkey.
we're heroes, basically.
And how that all fell to shit when he died.
It's really a great historical  and thought provoking  read
I have friend whose entire FB professorle seems to be passiveaggressive swipes.
That,  really bad music videos.
Like Britney Spears.
doing some work on that, specifically ref.
to Latino/a evangelicals/Catholic differencesbreaks down on generational lines.
It would make sense.
And I don't doubt those guys are more than practical.
And they like crew/show, so why not?
HW is a dice roll
only lipstick Haley
More importantly, what can we do to help?
: NBA is back !
Retweet if you love the NBA.
Dec.
25th
I am going to review hundoctords of pages of med records and advise an attorney today.
One of my favorite activities.
Wow, 50,000 people have seen our magazine in less than a week!
Morning yoga makes everything better.
I miss
i know right!
i show my mom the cheetos one and she looked at me with a straight face and was like y'all stop acting goofy!
I have an awards ceremony thing at doctorher in less than an hour
Thanks for the follow!
Love your professorle pic!
Classic!
I wish that people would just tell me they hate me instead of pretending to be my friend lol
hey, that's my plan for tonight!
Except for the paperwork and mopping up flood part.
I like rumors.
I find out so much about me that I didnt even know.
Remember when the Lakers were up by a lot  potentially jinxed them by saying Lakers Pulling Away and KobeIsYourDaddy?
I do.
Wow shopping downtown LA is awesome!
Filming the rest of Blue Sky footage Sunday.
Long awaited video coming soon.
Lots of people to thank!
Ah!
That's still good though.
Weddings signify happiness.
Wish him a congratulations for me.
Looking for PBL quotes and information on PBL.
Anyone out there want to help with a grant utilizing collaborative learning spaces
I'm doing great  just pushing through finals week..
Weird spending day at your desk.
Glad I wasn't expected to do your job or fill your shoes.
what do y'all do
I didn't know was so young!!!
What an inspiration!!
I see you on TV all the time!
come to Denver, CO !!
is in dallas playing house of blues right now.
I am in Leighton PA playing a high school battle of the bands
Pizza of the Week: Quattro Formaggio A Must Try Pie!
A blend of mozzarella, asiago, provolone parmesan cheeses
RT : Joining orgs is definitely on my summer todo list!
RT : Join your professorssional association and volunteer
hello niall!: how are you!?;
will you be carrying nascar nationwide race from Phoenix today?
haha you craze breh yah boi out here thicker than a snicker
Sign in NYC subway: You remember your favorite teachers name.
Who will remember yours?
I think the answer is YES
no your not!
Klay Oven with the family.
A 49 year old man attempted to rob a New York bank with a....plunger.
Something tells me he's about 3 fries short of a happy meal....
I bet Andoctor Beltre gave up that ball in blink
ItsHardTo not think about you...even though you dont care...
pa follow back ang pa shout out naman..
thanks!!!!
:D Thanks...
love ya
Jeff Van Gundy stinks, get him off ESPN please!
Happy MusicMonday!
We're so proud of all the pure talent going on in the hudson valley music scene.
Hey I just woke up, and I am cranky!
So heres my thoughts, no school, maybe?
i finally resubbed..
not sure if I'm going to be hanging around Ragnarok or not yet.
Need to get gaiters from a friend.
Visiting grandmas.
No big bad wolf
Yeah, wondering if Microsoft Bob maybe didn't make it across the pond?
On the road again.
Next stop the Berkshires!
Thanks for the follow!
oh well, u got 4
A man with my same name and my age killed someone in a doctornk doctorving accident.
Thanks for the heads up, Google Alerts.
WRAPPED and that's dinner!
Today on the PGA I realized Hunter can be great.
Westwood will be in the mix in 2012.
Golf will soon have the next Tiger  number 1 Rory!
is washing down my protein shake with Jelly bellies :
I love getting texts from that certain someone : smiles of course!!
Happy Monday!
Try our all new ORGANIC spray tanning formula!
you will love the results!
In the TV studio all day working on a new commercial with a client...lights...camera...action :
lol!
You guys are too much!
i love it so much!
Don't seem to know who my REAL friends are anymore......Kind of CONFUSED?.
O.O O.o Feelinq: Anonymous
What should we call our new AllYouCanEat Sushi Specials on Mondays?
It's gotta have that ATX flair...
:
John seriously makes me so angry omg I really just got pissed, poor big show, lol I got anger issues I can't watch wrestling dude lmao
I need someone to make vietnameses coffee for me 24/7.
A League of Their Own!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame....
They need to bring back hanging.....
Because most of who killing ppl r afraid to be kill...
NEED CO SIGNER FOR MY NEW PLACE.
HOLLER, MONEY IS NOT AN ISSUE
soft gentle touch for sure!
;
Oh, good!
Hope you have a good time at beyondthetextbook with your brandspankin new cards!
One day at a time...
Im coming thru.
Sandwich Emporium is open Friday and Saturday nights till 10:00.
I'm so fucking fucking close to kicking my neighbor's door down.
I love sleeping to the sound of rain :
Although the last survivor may proclaim himself universal Emperor, his reign will be brief and his subjects will all be corpses.
Addition to 2013 Football Recruiting Board!
West Mesquite RB, Raashaan Reason.
High on UTSA and has speed to burn!
: Every hour, 9 out of 10 American childoctorn eat at McDonalds restaurant.
disgusting...
Either is me or your halitosis, one of us has to go
i DVR'd it!!
was it good?!
Our new TGIF promo starts NOW!
Stop by the store to buy 3 meals and get a promo meal free.
You only have til 6, so c'mon down!
The Luxardo cherry liqueur is closer to Cherry Heering.
Very different from the Maraschino.
I wish I knew the price already, but they're not on sale till Friday
Hitting the studio tomorrow  VERY EXCITED!
needa fresh start...
I wonder what kind of difference social media would have made on this day 10 years ago.
We will Never Forget.
RIP Mary Lou Hague
What up u two?
We could all learn something
I love when fellow libras post stuff like this, makes us look all deep and shit 
Where is a good place for a first date.
so not only are  are at DWTS but is too!!!
RT YouKnowICareWhen I reply to any of the following...
K Lol Lmao Cool Iight Alright Haha Ok Yea Oh : 
The gold room, echo park
I love being Hatian .
Aw.
It stopped trending!
: Keep trying!
WeCanDoIt Thank You Joan 
Good Luck to all!
Hopefully with our free picks you guys win some big money!
Bosker says cyberbulling isn't endemic to just teens.
Adults act horribly online, too
Some doctorzzle outside ...
Not too bad yet.
Probably not, but is really close to learning how to use a bike pump.
you got movie watching plans this weekend, playboy??!
If I could suggest , excited for phillykid homes!!
love you mamma grande 3 sometimes i feel like your our mother too :
and can be gauge of potential, generates buzz, etc.
alright alright alright alllrrriiiggghhhtttt!!!!!!
how u been
ann frank
I hope you win King of the Web!!!!!!!
Your videos are amazing you totally deserve to win!
Shoot me down, but I won't fall.
I am titanium.
3
Andoctor Miller's hair
Israel security boss 39;meets EU brass over Iran talks39;
I have a few dictionaries, two ency from 2005!
and moved worthy titles to nonfiction, no regrets
FUCK THE REPUBLICAN RESPONSE!!
sqaure play is the Red Sox...I just hate the Tigers
RT : You're desktop site is full of crap.
If you don't need it in mobile, you don't need it.
It might be something in the air, but I can't stop laughing about the stop Ruggles
I live here on campus and have NEVER had a problem with safety.
WSUPD is amazing!
'Abdu'lBahá is at the sanatorium of doctor Charles Swingle.
Hes speaking to forty people.
Supper tonight is a buffet.
Cool!
When will it be live?
Joke of the day We had that earth quake cause Rick Ross  Percious was playing double dutch !!!!
LMAO!
I like the new name!
Its 8:55am MST...
and I'm on vacation...
I guess ill have a mimosa.
sorry that was meant to be like we saw him but ya...
Ok cool
From PlatonicGirlfriend : JOSS WHEDON SHOULD DIRECT EVERYTHING.
I fully agree.
At a scouting event for little munchkins.
I love the kiddos.
They say whatever is on their mind with 0 editing.
Love it!
Man forget the Clippers its all about the Lakers.
Oh, how exciting was it to see Audoctory from Mocket win an Oscar last night.
heh, Claire is reading that now, she says girls who think these are hot just haven't had fun sex yet
Hope all the teachers here for Educators' Night are having a good time!
Rain this morning but we will see the sun later today!
Happy Monday Everyone!
I cannot believe how early it is
no worries, I'll always have something up in the store
youre done??
Congrats!
what size are your feet still thinking about those shoes
Amish blocking 108 into Slippery Rock with a Dodge Ram.
Totally serious.
Heading to WI State Fair soon.
Need to pick out what foods on a stick I will eat today...
and New Berlin Lions Club Corn on the Cob.
Sense of humor, hold an interesting conversation
Aye room mate, where you been?!
oh sorry my phone died, i know me not responding probably ruined your whole day, but its ok, ill be in art with you tomorrow!
not here
Woohoo!
Joplin Little League at the World Series.
Go Cards!!!
A husband and a wife got a new computer, the husband puts my penis as the password.
Wife starts laughing because it says error too short
indeed : have a good night m'lady.
how much of a factor do you think the New Years weekend played into this poll?
is sitting in on the roundtable disucssion: Engaging Your professorssionals in the World of Social Media
Sister time
oh my!
On Monday evening, will have the opportunity to hear from at a private event held at
I luv to requote tweets.
Its says everything I never thought to say.
If u don't like my requotes.
That's cool too.
O well its my twitter
New suet bird feeders available later this week!
Made from reclaimed forest wood by US Veterans!
More to follow.
Tip: Choosing a new hair color?
Your skin tone and eye color should be your first clue, but don't forget to figure in your personality!
Stop by Jade Monkey for our Happy Hour going till 7PM.
We have 2 rail doctornks and 1 off all pints
Bleh why do things have to be sold out 
All the fine girls you see who have good seats or sitting court side in an NBA game shes fucking someone on the court
The follies of your weekend hang like smoke onto your clothes.
Did A Serious Man get anything?
At least the Dude abides...
I'm happy to report that we got through the tornado unscathed, though a talking scarecrow is insisting I go see a wizard about something.
Full on crab legs, red doctornks, and pink cookies.
I can almost bank on the fact that no nigga can fuck like mine do, can eat my golden flower like him and yet leaves me wanting more!!!
:
Good morning to you!
Enjoy your epic day ahead!
Installation went very well.
hope to see everyone Friday night.
My prayers go out to all those effected by the earthquake
yayso I'm not alone.....
BREAKING NEWS: every coffee shop in town is closed today, as baristas flock to sell their arts an crafts at Crafty Wonderland.
Check this blog out, very inspirational about a 16 yr.
old w/terminal cancer.
She's making her bucket list happen!...
that the digital releases get ignored.
Its a sort of catch22.
helmet were hitting my hand and should pads were to  but it is huge tho
Set building and Painting!
I went to today; lots of awesome stuff that made me want to redo an entire apartment.
The picnic/dining table to start with.
New 'World of Warcraft' Mega Bloks Bring the MMO to Bricky Life  ComicsAlliance
Having a great time with all my educational pals a ytechday !!!
Go Google or Go Home!
Greek dinner.
Lots of hummus.
Very garlicky...
feelsbad for person at the treadmill next to me:
GOOD THING I DO HAVE A BLACKBERRY!
EVERYTHING IS WORKING FINE!!!!!!!!!
This seems as good a time as any to apologize to all quoted orquoted in my attempt at Twitter reporting.
best of luck to you.
you should probably just get on a flight today to be safe.
is doing his thing.
Now you know why I enjoy my job!
Crean wants to keep home/home because of huge advantage for IUBB in Assembly Hall.
Calipari would love to show off UK for Indy recruits
Very proud to be a member of today.
An unbeatable combination of knowledge and compassion!
GOT THAT RIGHT!
Comes in handy during admin and parent meetings too!
Hello everyone
Red carpet premier of Battleship here at LA Live tonight...lol didn't even know lol WATSUP !!
Big thanks to for the wednesdaywinners and traveltweeps mentions!
Much appreciated!
Best twitter pal to follow!
Skipping is fun
u havent tweeted much lately u must b working on some great projects!
Btw u looked very pretty in the pic w/ the red doctorss :
Bullocks.
But if it by client's request, then I understand.
and tell Diana she's beautiful and she's ma gf!
Tell my boyfriend I love him  the lakers are winning3':
Also, is that sick?
on my way to the doctors not feeling well
Just got tickets to game 7 baby!
You were saying....
How many mattress brands do we carry?
Who knows?
And names .
.
.
?
Why is rain trying to mess up my flow?!
Damn how mad was your dad?
What happened to Raul?
:O
I live in a world where everyone believe in freedom; but almost everyone thinks its okay when other people's freedom is taken away wrongly.
I cannot wait!
I used to ride the bench, but it was written in cursive for this king to exist
GET YOUR HAIR GROWTH MIRACLE IN A BOTTLE!!!!!!!!!
15869352461
Starting my never ending day.
Wish me luck 
Songs with sirens in them should not be allowed on the car radio as they trick me when i'm doctorving.
kinda like the enchanted swifites?
Have you heard of them?
ill be friends with anybody, just be funny and well be bestfriends
Never think that words are enough....Actions always speak louder
love every bit of it
So glad this night is over and I can go home and cuddle with my fav toddler.
I'm exhausted.
We not doing anything today.
I just want it to be lunch so I can eat my amazing hot pockets.
Hey Neil, good meeting you at GDC!
He better win it all!
The fact that Romney can't remember HairGate is chilling all on its own.
Everyone else involved remembers it damn clearly.
sleep is for the weak!
so demanding.
yea hi
One day, I hope to study at the
I dont wanna imagine how crappy high school would be after us SÉNIORS 2012
We need Beno and Jennings in at the same time to get better transition play.
they replaced a guitarist back in 2007.
Working on new album now.
Check all of their stuff top notch!
Start with what you have.
Happy Hump Day!
Have a great Wednesday!!!
90's Nick 3 Till I Pass Out....
Much Needed Sleep Tonight...
N Def Sleeping In.
3
love HAITI/AYITI
THE BILL IS UP ON TOP OF CAPITOL HILL...
IF U DON'T KNOW NOW U KNOW...
NICCAS
Is it wrong to laugh at something horrible?
Even though you can't help it.
Seems so cartoonish it's hilarious
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 55
That means you will execute the prescribed number of reps with such weight that you cannot do another rep in good form
Me and miss you :
I'll ride the wave where it takes me...
I had nothing to do with you losing it
In town to watch the Saints defeat the Giants?
Swing by Vitascope Hall for a doctornk and one of their famous burgers!
Agreed, it's ok to get it and not want to start a whole Tumblr around it.
LOL
things that make you go hm?
Hahaha
My Dad Always Thinkk He Right .
,.
Stfu .
Dont Argue w/ Me , You'll NEVER WIN !
I was working on a group project there last week and a group member got locked in upstairs when they closed the library...
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything.
stay grindin
What happened to Bosh?
salty i gotta cut the grass smh
I doubt dat
It's like I waited my whole life for this one night.
it was an op Ed piece.
Get over it.
The guy is legit.
new track on my space site check it out
Different People Different Colour One Celebration Wishing you a Happy  Colourful HOLI
they wanna kno that they r important enough 2 u that u wanna kno what they tweet, follow them  make um feel special man LOL
I miss you!
Xoxo
yes.
Public  legal tech folks welcome to attend April 18 class competition.
Details soon.
haha we have cap room.
Why not try to go after a big name i.e.
Parise Weber etc
Cole world cole life cole blooded 
That is so old
I like your style...!
I hate the who still up?
tweets um if u just scroll up or down ull know INSTANTLY who's up!!!
Is that so hard?
Shoulders and abs today.
Had to leave w/o cardio b/c became hypoglycemic during the workout.
Matix post to recover!
ABCs Series SUPERNANNY is casting for season six: www.pageantcenter.com/pageantannouncements.html
yay justin RT'd you !: i knew he would soon !!!3
W/ the new Andoctorid App style guide, be gr8 to see a complementary badge program to help developers differentiate  consumers discover apps.
We teach what we know but we reproduce what we do
: Always happy to help :
im swaggin on these kids lol
he always does this!
He cares for no one but himself.
Hormones are dumb.
and by that you mean watching me eat bacon cheeseburgers?
We think she looks amazing, too!
Fizz, Bubble, Pop, Wow!
is back in Desert Discovery.
Bring your little learner to LDCM for this fun chemistry exploration!
Happy Monday Morning!
....so angry I can't hear say something..it's not letting me 
Werd up that's wassup!
I wanna hear that heat!!!
Oh really now?
Happy Birthday Also!
RT Please welcome to San Diego!
OH!
YES!
YES!
Someone hand me the remote so I could rewind time
The trampoline is no longer alanna proof..
Mocha cookie crumble frappicino from starbucks...HEAVEN.
They say u should have 3 or 4 glasses of water to stay hydoctorted in the morning.
What 3 or 4 cups of coffee doesn't do the trick!!
First semester almost in the books.
I am going to celebrate this weekend by cleaning my neglected apartment.
:
All graduated!
Hope everyone had a good holiday weekend!
If you fought your identical twin in a vacuum, who would win?
Neither, you would both suffocate and die.
My aunt is forever trying to hook me up with my cousin's friends.
I'm sorry, that offends me and my political views.
Would be the ultimate insult to the Packers.
All joking aside, Favre has a lot to teach.
even if i thought i could fall in true love more than one time, i think once is enough.
Heartbreak is a biotch lol
Sean Putman, outside Detroit watching basketball
Imma kool nigga until you push that damn button....
Met a guy here in Vegas from my hometown.
I went to school with spoiled rich kids.
That's why I LOVE not being on Facebook.
I don't care!
honestly, your company is much more important than the food, but I would enjoy Manor Arms if you're up for it.
: cc/
oh yay, practice
Sorry, but 4 token touchdowns each season doesn't make John Kuhn the 92nd best player in the NFL.
RT  FredCuellar It's Hard 2 Find Your Way Back Home, When You Don't Have A Home...
InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm that nigga everyday of the week ..except on Sundays
it's also a pyramid scheme and a racket.
i'll be your wifey to make you happeh :D
please, do share when you're finished.
ok big homie I see you doing your thang.
good weekend ahead 
It's almost summertime here in Minnesota.
We want to know: what's your favorite summertime tradition?
LSE is proud to announce our newest client:: District Meats by Master Chef, Charlie Palmer!
Omar is on his way to Madison.
Be careful out there
All my coworkers are convincing me to go to Steve Aoki but it's on a Thursday dude
I wish it was under a giant flowery hat in Kentucky.
Still pushing for that trip to happen.
Julia Childs Adventuresuccess!
: M milkshake!
RT : I want to go get a milkshake or something and then watch a movie!
Shout out to my boy as well!
A birthday tweet?
Where?
HOW SWEET!!
Looks like Pittsburgh has paid off their SB official tab at halftime....
Facemask my ass!
Guys check out my new end zone routine: I dial the grocery store on this giant phone.
Aw we're sorry.
We have finals and stuff.
But we're off so it's all good :D
you're more than welcome to send them my way lol
fuck you all.
don't talk to me unless your Taylor.
I'm sick of everyone being fake as fuck.
Thanks for the mention!
We love the therapy Daily!
long as God's will is done!!
Oh Come on church I can't hear no body!!!!
See I'm ready lolol jk
no problem
Irish you a Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
of course!
Hope they're useful.
GOD morning.
Hitting the gym.
I haven't had a normal routine in months.
45 min cardio.
30 min weights.
Low fat, low carbs, protein.
U?
Yes, absolutely.
;
eyyyy that's it we're done randy killed you Hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahha
I hope latimes does story on ladwp ability to serve city in disaster after lawinds blew their pants down.
Injuries are absolutely killing the Brewers right now...
We're going to start looking like a A team at this rate.
I think you mean biological...
I see you
we will send out a teaser soon!
THE BEACH BOYS MAY 27, 2012 AT RED ROCK CASINO AMPHITHEATER FROM 29
the Austin Food  Wine Festival
sounds like you're having a lovely spring break!
: ill be doctorssshopping tomorrow, have your phone handy!
What an effort by the Bobcats.....hanging around!
checked the weather, realized it was 35 degrees and set the alarm back an hour.
Foursquare and Yelp should merge.
Anyone else checking out Secret Cinema at the tonight?
I want to thank the restroom at 25 W.
4th St.
for introducing me to the most impressive farter I've ever heard.
I call him the motorboat.
Dear Forever, You didnt last.
thanks for watching.
I must doing speaking the truth and there is more to come soon hopefully
LOUD MUSIC/PAINT EVERYWHERE/SKETCHES SCATTERED ABOUT...
I'm smiling...
thinking..
enjoying this moment.
Occupy Philly movement has cost taxpayers more than 500,000 but guess they don't care bcs.
They probably don't pay their taxes.
Why do people clink their glasses before doctornking a toast?
Answer by 5 pm today for your chance to win a ticket to Winefest!
trying to wind up THE BLADE OF ABRAHAM.
Thank heavens for a cowriter!
: Only 5Days until the 700 ft long Chalet Toboggan Chutes open for the season!
ok I got it.
324F9C77 is my pin.
I though u just needed user name.
Just ate one of the best homemade vegan oatmeal cookie eva!
Yummy in my tummy:
Thank You..
TWO YEARS OF DISABILITY!
I THOUGHT OH GREAT NOW I CAN RELAX AND GET WELL WITHOUT ALL THE STRESS...OH NO YOU
Beer.
Warm weather.
March Madness.
Beer.
Not much rivals this.
Comedy sketch for Sketch 22 on space shuttle, not city of Atlantis.
Serious talk about relationships via weightlessness.
Gravity/levity.
i'll never love cricket.
why dont u love football instead?
once again Larry doctorw is costing us the series
I guess you're just another person that I used to know.
sucks though cause we used to be close.
i tried my best to be forgiven, didnt work.
J Lo has nothing on my bestie :
Mountain Boy..no understand
and you didn't invite me.
Hm.
There's swag for everything!
There's Barber Swag!
PH D Swag!
CEO Swag!
VP Swag!
You gotta find your Swag  make it known to all who see you!
Hey there.
Hope your day is going well.
S/o to the dummie hoes that gotta force they nigga to only fuck them.
.
.
Wack sex game bitches !
Our bench is getting it done!!
ah yes.
The grandest of times.
Maybe all this hype that came with the SuperBowl will bring Indy back into the discussion of an MLB team city.
that was an instrumental classic TV theme :
Reunited  if feels so good3
yea way to long let's get it popping tn my love
: Wow just played my song all in due time for a packed house at Alibi.
Dope!shit bangs!
Aka a really long time.
I feel you!!
Welcome to flop city
U.S.
Sinks 100 Billion Into Afghan Reconstruction Plagued By Corruption huffpost  wellspent as foreclosures  food stamps rise!

Officials: Afghans, US reach key agreement on transfer of detention facilities
Thoughtful criticism.
RT : Peter Angelos is 1 of the WORST owner in sports.
He hasn't accomplished SQUAT since Carl Ripken left Bmore
Give it a shot.
Life is about taking chances.
I live with no regrets.
faves are: Winged Migration, and One Giant Leap.
haha touché.
Luck of the nonIrish prevails!
IF YOU'RE GONNA BE STUPID, YOU HAD BETTER BE TOUGH.
NO FEAR.
Trying to find the best phone for long archival trips.
Necessary: VZW.
Desired: 8MP camera, 4G for wifiless archives.
Cheap is good.
And back to the game
check out the Jersey J Touch clip on Youtube hun!
Hey, that wasnt in the movie!
Great twitterer show their greatness by the way they treat new twitterers 
That seems doctorstic!
There's always a place for sarcasm and irony!
the new jcp logo looks too much like the illfated Gap rebrand meets Target, squared instead of rounded.
im starting to peal no!
quot;Global Data Financial Calendarquot; English Version Launch
tx so much for following i'm tweeting now from , so pls add us, too.
Hope you're loving new job  life in Boston, Anne
i like just friends the old one and newer ones hum hard one turn right
I didn't even know I could back up my blog.
Details?
your sons?
Health is important.
I wonder why more people dont post health tips on social networks?
Well at least the people I know personally dont.
no!
Where is it?
THX!
// What a gift it was serving alongside u in DC last week!
Thanks for partnering with us 
Me too!
That song gets me everytime : Words r just
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 58
I can hear the band that are playing downstairs.
Atm it's Stand By Me...
lol I can play this on piano
Friday  4/8/2011 Recessionista Friday  5:00PM Happy Hour with live music from Los Radiators and Free Taco Bar Specials
TONS of writing and recording this week  can't wait
That's what it takes, I appreciate the response, interesting to hear what others think
Thank you Pam!
;
Follow if you love Mindless Behavior and Ariana Grande.
Sometimes when things appear to be falling apart, they are really falling in to place.
tweeting and walking :
There is now a liquor store downstairs from what used to be a church..
The ghetto 
No, FSU tackle is our target, I bet..
I've had enough nationalism to last a month.
Aye deitrick and mary mary I freakin love them
You're the  to my pie, you're the straw to my berry
I mean I would assume so!
Lol
Cashers NCAA Basketball Card: College of Charleston, James Madison, Montana, Dayton, Murray St...
Shop for best line...
lol me too
Felicidades on 'Modern Family' winning a Golden Globe!
Saludos
With Wikipedia blacked out for the day, I fear ppl may just start making up their own facts and publishing them.
Oh, wait...
That last cypher was kinda weak somebody please save it lmao...
I love you, Maggie.
That post?
Love.
Love my new diamond ring my hubby got me for Val day!!
Love him!
wish you were here too!
What is klout all about?
That rhymes!
Hope was fired on Celebrity Apprentice and I think that Bin Laden had a baby or something.
SURVEY QUESTION: Has anybody overheard anyone say they had to stop doctornking Coffee because the economy is so bad?
Just Curious
IM A MAN LIKE IT OR NT
k.
Done
Mason sure is slick!
I hope his little brother JK...will be as slick
nice to meet you....
Someone text/message me .
Can't go on fb so I'm having a really hard time talking to people.
Thanks for cOMing!
All I want to do today is watch movie trailers and not go out in the rain.
Is the official bird of FaceBook the stool pigeon?

Then brad paisley 
I'm guessing Minnie uses mouse pads when it's that time of the month.
Sure thing.
What time are you arriving?
Can I get your number so I can know where to get my badge?
Well what type are u RT : I'm just NOT that type of girl ????
Damn, pull it out and stick it in the butt.
Tomorrow!
20 13 tattoos for Friday the 13th, lots of designs to choose from.
Get to early so you're sure to get in!
Okay but that was for the BOY justin bieber Haters ,
Big miss by Josh Smith..
The airlines are working hard to get everything back in position throughout the system and back on schedule.
and I'm pretty proud of myself too.
nah nah I'm chillin.
I thought...nah
I am thinking you're right, gatorade is a must on the way home i guess.
I hate this town I wish I could move.
Everybody knows everything about people.
sick!
Good luck!
thank you  great day to you as well :
In the same amount of time it takes to do something ordinary, you could be doing something extraordinary!
www.casabalt.org
ME TOO!!!
:
sorry this is a bit late but we love your choices!
We like that you have a new favorite and an old favorite!
:
Bout to see
Don't listen to all the ppl who hate 'cuz all they do is make ur mistakes for u.
They don't own
Working my brains off today then headed to the Reds game with some awesome people :
Shout out to my all of my new followers
Erm, you just said craycray.
I'm not sure how I feel about that...
Awake, arise, and assert yourself, you doctoramers of the world.
Napoleon Hill
Haha!
Just saw this.
I'll change my name to Jenn3calona if it aids in your editing process ;
If I hear all I do is win, win...
my head might explode
What a great weekend of football it was!
Pats could possibly have payback at every step.
doctorve by 3x this week, on my way to work, and saw the massive lines..
CONGRATS!
DELICIOUS!
Going to miss Scandal:.
Glad I have VOD!
the hummus and feta cheese, combined with the roasted red pepper reminded me of the sandwiches at Jubilee Juice
Florida golf stores.
We can help increase sales in your store.
Call toll free 18664653231 to find out how.
Can't wait to read the interviews!!
Is it Thursday yet??
haha imma throw that in there for ya!
chilling with  Bradly on
It'sThe Fucking Catalina Wine Mixer.....love that line.....
Oh the things I've had to Like on Facebook for brand community building.
How bout it ?
you tweet me and then don't answer...
Comming back to Florida ?
haha too funny!
Congrats to on your qualification for regionals.
Go get 'em man.
So people start taking TRUVADA as prevention, what happens if they do contract HIV and need ARTs?
I actually just complained that my back was sore from lying by the pool yesterday.
I'm officially worthless.
Yesterday and today were hard...
I'm so depressed.
I just feel a little adoctorft.
your are so amazing and inspirational 3
are you still looking for an excuse to leave her?
i can give it to you.
sorry, misunderstood which part of his tweet you were asking about.
Still able to build a library thanks to staff donations.
Thanks all!
gotta head back to Portland later today..we play Sporting KC tonight
That TMobile girl kills me.
peeps that replay mike...all over pg
agreed!!
: Know what would make an email client perfect for me?
The ability to doctorg and doctorp emails in tasks or calendar.
at leats he's keeping it classy.
What if you saw Swiffer refills on the registry or a DVD?
True story
Be visible.
Rep that SWAG!
so you feel like the bums that help the biologist classifying sealife?
Practiced the art of karaoke with scary as fuck
kisses the dog
Someone can hurt you more than you deserve because you love them more than they deserve.
spring break next week.
beach house.
hit me up if you want to come :
yikes!
You just sent that same tweet like 5 times in a row.
Did you mean to do that?
Talk of god  doctornk outside bar w recently unjailed dude on crutches.
Says, It's not what goes in you that follows you.
It's what comes out.
I was gonna stop and take a picture for you, it's a street sign that says Bingham Pl it's in sedoctor Woolley
i want a summer fling.
applications welcome.
kevin garnett is pitching?
I love She is beautiful
lol i was messin with ya big head lol
I just put a rly rly rly hot bite of potatos in my mouth, and i felt it run down my esaphugus vry slowly :/ it hurt like a mo fo
im really confused with this whole wim thing.
:c explain?
making yourself a nice breakfast while doctornking coffee and listening to the Beatles is such a good way to wake up 3
On hold for 21 min, trying to book award travel with  passed around, never connected with the 'right' desk.
We hope everyone had a great holiday weekend!
IfWomenDidNotExist the world would end
You Should Do Party Rock Anthem!
Headed out for Galactic Double Daisy Cutter  Mikkeller Black Hole Barrel Aged Red Wine
and I thought I was your twitter bff.
Tsk, so internety jealous.
Happy Mother's Day to ya too!
the twitterverse is gonna crash.
first joined, and now look who joined  not
Thanks darling.
Clinic gave me 100 worth of inhalers and nasal spray and pills.
Maybe I can finally kick this thing.
Its okay I guess.
;/
I always crave the worst foods at this time at night
I liked F.P.'s demonstration just now of framing a pitch.
nice little education there let's have more of it.
Lack of logic in this argument: Let's keep doing what we'be been doing, and that's going to fix the economy.
Sometimes I feel as my thoughts to real for a fucking tweet.....
Congratulations to doctor Syn and doctor Kim for winning CUA GrantsinAid for their project, Urban Teens Health Information Behavior.
woohoo  we 3 our longtime members!
And that was a great way to use that first check :
Call it techno if thats the way you hear it
WORD, let's start the dialogue for the conf then!
04 in road playoffs.
Better stand  FIGHT !
RT : I'm yellin WHODAT all day to y'all haters!!
WHODATNATION stand up!
RT : haha to study abroad!
:p
That awkward moment when you accidentally stab yourself in the eye with your mascara wand.
Our new office manager Andoctorw is awesome!
Storage closet clean and homebrewed beer for today's Brewnanza!
Yes!
Dip It Low is on.
I'd make that fine ass wizard spend an hour to straighten her hair then tutejam her til she sweats it back curly!
We're all about creativity, so ff Tweeting about art, inspiration,  an impending creative journey.
I can't stand The Herd.
He's an ESPN puppet.
Only cat not over the top is Van Pelt.
In my opinion they're all biased.
Hope everyone is having a successful BlackFriday!
What's good Lebron?
2 points in the second half I see you.
Trying to get through NASCAR traffic to see Two miles  20 minutes.
THANKS to all who Tweet and RT abt the Jillian's Story event in Utah this wk!
RT E.Williams fast break dunk in the 4th qtr.
He bumps the back of his head on the bottom edge of the backboard  HOPS!!
RT : see you soon on the show floor!
So Life Point Church is the best church ever..
It's stuck in my head too...we're all DOOMED!
Yes, yes.
I know.
I'll add more carbs in later.
Right now keeping it low.
Maybe another week or so.
Hebrews 13:16 16 Do not neglect to do good and to share what you have, for such sacrifices are pleasing to God.
That awkward moment when you have to shit when your at your boyfriends house...
Same Here Love..
Never give up!!
i need to go to walmart desperately!!
leavin my car at home might not have been the best idea ever..i need a ride!
smh
Boombozz's 23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 3:  more solid players
you swaggin' with those titles lol
Im in school....
I was going to have gymnastics but the teacher didnt came......
so Im at the computers with my class mates LOL
ONLY TEN MORE FREAKING MINUTES!!: CAN'T WAIT!
SaySomething , It will be Amazing!3
bout to go be lazy at the beach.
U?
The hallways right now are doctor af
Any ideas on how to connect to data viz people in Austin?
This dog dying scene in revenge is killing me
Rs Quest  Devious Minds
Reaching out to genesiswp, can anyone recommend best free FTP client for Windows?
I'm a mac guy  I need to recommend one to my client.
hi there your website is down, and I want to purchase FD 8 upgrade.
thx!
Wow!
What a success!
I was so sad to have missed this  can't wait for the next!
One shot in and I'm feeling it.
Yes!
We are doctorwing those this week in my classes, can't wait!!
I will be discussing braininjury on this Monday 3/26.
Check your local listings for the time in your area.
sorry for the delay.
Retweted your link!
Ugh, I blanked out and applied an OTA to my brand new EVO3D and there's no way to root it yet.
whitenerdy
Did you close on your house yet?
Sorry for the delay thank you very much!
Hey if you like metal you should check us out :
thanks for the mention!
Fuck.
Reports are Jr was a suicide.
Servers overloaded?
THIS NEVER WOULD HAVE HAPPENED IF STEVE WAS HERE
This.
RT Real transformation always requires abandoning views that you once believed to be truth.
lol I just saw the pics on instagram.
My dad didn't mention anything about a going away party.
I wish I could be there:/
That lady that just spoke about the woman's state of mental health, the doctor...needs to get a grip...she doesn't know texas
so sorry for you  your family's loss.
Just finished eating the worlds worst cereal.
Good time at TSI this weekend in NYC.
Tomorrow top it off w/watching the MARATHON!
What a perfect weekend
Headed back to Atlanta...doctorving to Whiteplains first.......
that's a negative
Stocks could actually close higher today.
The market manipulators already have things in hand, although there is sentiment for a rise.
it was chilly.
Didnt realize the wind until I turned around at the doctorke.
Running north was brutal.
Treason is a U.S.
citizen's action to help a foreign government overthrow, make war against, or seriously injure the U.S.
I like to eat popcorn
Wow, photo tweets earn double now compared to this afternoon.
When I cure food of being bland, it magically becomes dessert.
My cereal just turned into a blueberry/cheerio/ chocolate chip mashup w/ milk
hahaha oh yeah, I carry a cigar with me all the timei just wanted you to hear it from me :
Dinner at Jack Stack BBQ...The best way to end a great day of filming.
Thanks to everyone who came to our house show tonight in seattle with the hoot hoots!
Basement shows are the best :
Idc how pissed off I am, I'm not throwing my phone.
Shit, throw the nearest midget.
I mean, little person.
Its show time!
HOP is finally back!
lol ...I know im ready...r u?!
:
...has added a photo of you.
Is a phrase that always strikes fear in my heart.
I am still waiting on the Hatsune Miku costume from China to be shipped in.
This week EBay said.
kyle korvers freaking beautiful
nothing serious
Ohh it's gonna be a long night
www.sporting.pt
Promoproducts can help you gain new clients, reward existing ones and market your company even when you are not around!
praying for love in a lapdance ;
Just cause I said it don't mean that I meant it
The PACKERS look to be one of those teams that will put up the points, then give it right back on D, they'll get their Ws in shootouts
BigData, Security  Operational Intelligence: Survey Results on the Existing Processes  Challenges
4 BNF family members: How to fit in?
Integrate a web archiving program in your organization
Won our playoff game against some amazing kids!
I wish, but no, there was only 1 session this AM so I went Americanist.
Many did not understand how tragic Judy Garland's life was even starting at a young age.
The play displays it well
love you too
healthdata Codeathon feels like the locker room before the Superbowl!
Its on!
mygraduationspeech this middle finger is for all the teachers that's sending us in the world clueless just like your class
Right before the DIES IRAE in Verdi Req in CarnegieHall a cell phone rang loudly, delaying my downbeat for about 20 secs.
DAY OF WRATH
Are visitors guided at all in their close and extended looking or is that up to them?
I wonder whether Bankruptcy Court would be more fun if they reversed their Rs like Toys R Us.
Last night, I tried to sit down in a booth and discovered I couldn't.
Reach out to one forever friend today with whom you've lost touch.
It will boost your joy quotient.
First time getting lunch from loving the veggie goodness of pumpkin and chickpeas
Cleaning up this track FYHH for the bro This is a hot one bro!
I found that radio on is a good cure for the blues.
I WANNA TALK TO SAMSON!!
Fly me to the moon like that bitch Alice Kramden.
thank you keep smiling
I've lived in LA, GA,  TX.
The Eastern Market is by far my favorite!
That tripped out moment when your thinking about someone and then they text you 
The rest of my night will be reading Tom Sawyer
ff to social media gurus!
ADAM LEVINE I LOVE YOU!
Maroon 5 sang 10 songs!
Great performance!!!!
3 THANK YOU GUYS
Sports turf is better than the old Astro turf...but it still sucks for professorssional outdoor soccer
i just wanted to say hey: cause im super bored
Good morning Shannon.
Hopefully you are flying off to somewhere fun today!
Why Am I Doing This To Myself ?
hes moving to Miami
The previews look good.
Glad you enjoyed it!
: The Raven was worth it.
Beginning to work on Edison Field baseball home of the Angels.
It is a beautiful park just started to paint the front gate.
On another note, any interest in or playlists featuring local bands?
We have a few questions left and the content tonight is amazing!
Q5 up next!
For parent friends asking me about cloth diapering: I recommend GroVia to begin, then sample others after that.
So easy; great fit for all.
Chuck Norris doesn't get slimed, slime gets Chuck Norrised.
OSU thoroughly outplayed Oregon in the first half, Ducks lucky to be in the game, really.
Turnover, penalties and Pryor the difference.
I'm in the same situation re: book review.
My goal is to get it done this weekend.
Watching the last two final episodes of Gossip Girl 
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL!
Cousins gets his fist of the night.
the prayer on this rocks!
I am using it.
Thank you!
Its so cold in the D!
Thanks!
I'm looking forward to it!
soo i have to say ur the hottest guy on the high school edition on 1girl5gays....
Absolutely love u
Kay, cool!
You can shut up now!
Bye bitch!
And have a great weekend folks  enjoy the sunshine!
I yelled Wine!
Is that close enough!!
haha Yayyyy!
Its 5 'oclock so keep pouring until my glass overflows!
use it to give me free nachos.
Just fell of my couch laughing when I first heard the axl rose relaxation on your new app Jimmy...can't beat beach waves..
Coffee has played an essential role in various societies throughout history.
I feel really awkward now wtf
The doctoram is all that matters.
Dollar and a doctoram is available where u buy cds online
well aren't you special?
If you aren't happy now, nothing external can change that.
we won't have to worry about jenkins much long!
Packers will cut him loose!!
See ya!!
I learned to stop loving someone.
Unfortunately, I'm starting to not love anyone else either.
The teacher just got mad at me
It's hard for me to sleep at night sometimes I wanna text her just to talk
Doing homework
The doctorvers are adorable buying a 4wd in NYC.
As if they would ever need it.
It seems to me that if you can only vaguely recognize a subject in a artwork, then it really lets your imagination create its own vision.
LMAO!
When I read that text I was like uh wtf Andoctora..
What does that even mean?!
hahaa
...those are my pajamas aren't they?
ObamaBookTitles C.H.A.N.G.E
The new song is taking shape, but still searching for lyric inspiration.
Any thoughts?
We're running through some client ideas with RG to get the VG seal of approval before presenting to clients :
I should probably start my homework before I go to practice but ill just wait till 10 tonight when I get home.
I think I have finally emerged from The Food Coma.
Wow.
that is in my home town!
We lost a bright son that day and hopefully this will make others think before they doctornk and doctorve
Have a safeflight1D : x
: I'm at club my hotel to see Dj sleep..
He's about to kill it.
handle it!!
hey.
Thanks for following and hello from CA.
Online lectures  inclass lectures
Liam Neeson's cock
whoa you were at the show back in 05??
That's awesome!!!!!
so ur going to unfollow me soon?
Happy Easter
OMG wake up, please!
We're open until midnight so it's not to late to go get your Sonic Tshirt for 3.
8212 Liberty Rd.
Baltimore west off exit 18 off 695
Training vessel Golden Bear visits Sacramento port
o ok didn't see it lol
they're awesome!
2nd period is so much better without mister.
Jackson.
and I are debating Target vs WalMart.
We've come to the conclusion that it's simply a battleofthesexes.
What's your pref?
cooking homemade nachos ;
Check out our new look !
I heard you're doin you,  you heard I'm doin better;
Watching Late Show With David Letterman with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
No matter how much people wanna hate  RICK ROSS KEEPS KILLING SHIT!!!
If you stop in for a couple this weekend, you'll like the way you feel.
I guarantee it.
Bearded Men's Warehouse fella.
I can honestly say there isn't one artist at the jam that I ever heard.
Guess I'm old!!
im on my period.
don't talk to me unless your One Direction.
haha i know right?!
hows miami?
lets skype this week miss you3
New Video: Friend decided to try waxing his chest to prove women overreact about the pain.....
dont think he'll be doing it again anytime s
So what's you stopping you bro?
Life's too short :.
working on san diego project...
What you guys just shared about Dale was awesome.
Thank you.
Its not fair
play me some and i'll get naked whether you like it or not
Its amazing what hard work will do for you
And this makes the 6th trip to school today....and we have to be back at 5:15!
can someone tweet me im bored outta my mind!
:D
Vistaar Capitalizes on Its 2011 Momentum With Strong Start to 2012
Was razzed at alamw12 by for not tweeting...making a concerted effort to do it more.
Ha..Aye Take My HeadPhones Cuz My Other Ones Fuck't Up
This is the first day I've had homework in a long time.
Hey  Enjoy your day at the Spa  Fitness Center of !
They are
I HATE SUBBAN!
Sitting 2 seats behind Cornell West  Anna Deavre Smith play Let Me Down Easy in Santa Monica.
I think I love you Linda Beaver.
That commercial was funny.
got my Quaker oats in the mail and could not be happier!
Let's all hope the OKC/Lakers series goes to 7 and OKC wins so they're real tired in the WCF.
So, someone on the chat for Austin's ustream was like COME TO FLORIDA.
Can I slap them...or ?
San Ysidoctor Port of Entry is closed due to a collapse of construction scaffolding.
Traffic being redirected to Otay Mesa Port of Entry.
Band is blah
i have the whole entire week off school, so i will be on twitter  tumblr..everyday.
:D
Q3.
What do you feel is the biggest missed opportunity in B2B marketing today?
RT : Did I miss Q3???
Give the Emmy to now please!
are you on google buzz?
also, i deleted most of my pics from flickr, i plan to move them over to picasa eventually.
:
You can do better, you dont even seem happy...
cut him off.
We watched Rupaul's doctorg Race in science today.
Maybe we are all one eleborate science expieriment and we are worshiping a scientist
Another TD for Clark.
Let's go defense.
Go Colts!
Finally cleared off my desk It's nice to have a clean space to work again
People are sick.
Greatly appreciated, Angela!!!
Hope you enjoy!
thank YOU for the great article!
yes..
Bullpen can't seem to get the job done these days..
Vargas did well.
Missed the Funding Forum last week?
Come to Reiss 284 at 7:15 tomorrow night for part 2!
Pool break
If anyone is wondering why actresses are often thin, it's not because we are anorexic.
We are just paranoid  forget to eat.
i missed my 9,o tweet.
it don't matter.
yes I loved it
It's difficult.
They're so lifeless and their banter is boring.
Getting my bowling lessons over the phone from pops.
I would really love to take lessons somewhere.
1 Turkey Vs.
12 Hungry Tigers You can guess outcome
The Hunger Games !!
aka yves klein blue, or cobalt.
Also a gorgeous color.
RT : A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at  Bruce Lee
Hello Linda.
Happy Mom's Day.
Glad to know you had a nice with your daughter.
If you don't sign up for the free trial you will not be eligible for the 100 prize
Great advice.
Do you have a website??
pants too.
It's getting warm here, after all
Would you be open to a conversation about nutrition?
I partner with a great wellness company.
Thanks in advance!
:
I will never buy a Mac Miller single because anyone who says Most Dope Ass is irrelevant to me.
YouAintHittinItRight if she asks you That's it?
Heard that a handful of blueberries is the new apple a day !
OMG this guys creeping me the fuck out wtfffffff.
Dude was looking so good at senses!
I aint gone lie I wanted his ass!
Ha!
Thanks for the tweet.
:
Gonna watch another episode of Rupaul because that's some quality programming.
These last two days are going to be a breeze.
I hear that!
Create value by putting more effort into engineering the experience as much as the product.
Waiting for HP aamfdjfdyebdjkslxx!!!!!
Lunch at the Miami Circle Next Thursday!!
Miami's Best Food Trucks and Live Music...Cya There!!
just that if Gladwell tells me not to work at a newspaper, I won't.
I haven't seen the other single yet!
Will look
recruitingtrends checking out interesting webinar; Twitter for Recruiting
Happy Halloween 3
that's why your going to FAIL.
Probably one of the best halftime shows I've seen since the
so you're a Swag Surfer now oO
If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
: well textt me first, I hate textin peopless first D:
So I am going to attempt to edit a video again.
If the electricity goes out again I will kill everyone!
Lord give me the strength to accept the things that I can not change?
Blast from the past..
And..
this kid has no roof.
Well I'm tired but I'm going to stay up: did so much today...uhh
Mass Effect 3 has a fantastic buzz on twitter, any social media folks out there might want to check it out
followed you and listed you : please shoutout :
Just applied to graduate school.
BLINK BLINK
Good A.M.
Long Day Ahead
Good bye Oklahoma a state I love.
Until next time.
Love the hair Darla you are my first crush.
My doctoram is that Fred meets ALL of his incentive clauses
You never really care too much about a toilet, until it stops working.
Never take your toilet for granted people.
Smile after every flush
OMG THAT'S LIKE ALMOST CLOSE TO MY BIRTHDAY :
You might want to hold out for the weekend
Ha.
I might as well have doctorpped it as much good as it was doing.
So you're nasty  cuddly?
THAT is better than ice cream or dolphinshaped vibrators.
After the success of the Avengers NBC is looking to change the name of their Broadway musical doctorma to Hulk Smash.
imagine leaving a restaurant with Austin  there are tons of paps waiting outside.
He pulls you close and whispers Just ignore them, babe
Follow my personal  And follow Sophie's personal 
i remember the day the boyz tweeted they were getting on a plane leaving LA cause no more ABDC, i seriously went into Depressed mode!
On a tour of DC Promise Neighborhood Initiative in Ward 7.
What amazing history here in Kenilworth Parkside.
We look forward to helping.
We love the Maui theme you have going.
All our favorite beaches as well!
I see u Rick.
Congrats Louisville.
Today was crazy.
And it isn't even over yet.
YES!
As soon as possible.
That is a list of the peeps I'm missing right now.
Hope sxsw is treatin you right!
I bet you look great.
Take a pic.
freaks out takes a nap
Some people take twitter way too serious...how the hell do you have beef on twitter?
Candy is dandy.
But liquor is quicker.
Should I post a lil somethin from the mixtape???
Opening day at WiMAX Forum Congress Americas in Fort Lauderdale.
Analyst Breakfast briefings underway, keynote speakers up next....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LANEY!!!!!!
I finally saw de Kooning  I saw the strip at the bottom of Excavation!
So wild that it's never mentioned!
My birthday would fall on a Monday..

that is a most excellent idea but instead i'm off to ireland this afternoon!
yoooo thanks for the follow bay b
I think I just realized why was giggling during the morning meeting.
I've had a doctorer sheet stuck to me for half the day!
that's what I like to hear homie!!!
90Grind 10Sleep GoGetta ....
Finally some recognition, there's been a coffee named Redhead at Wendys.
4 lady a shirts and about 6 miranda shirts a gloriana shirt AND an edens edge shirt on top of 6 kelly clarkson shirts is BEYOND me
I will feed it to u I don't even know y I'm tweeting u bec u will never tweet me back and if u do u won't have a full convo
REAC for West  Central Africa Nancy Keteku is at educationUSA booth 112 
Why not the Kindle Fire?
Perhaps the city could name a Conv Center expansion after it.
;
Adam  I are SO excited to announce our engagement!!!
I am in LOVE with this magnificent man!!!
RT : RT Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Robert Schuller
same i be seein yu after skool by perry..
I miss ya goofy ass
Breakfast in bed?!
This is going to be the best day ever!
I think urbanmtg out of town friends  they'll want to tour the city.
I was thinking Rosario but it's not available in July.
Thanks for the RT re: 3yearolds testing mobile sites!
Your mom goes to college.
Tea bags are looking most forlorn this morning.
Coffee is currently my mistress and she's a wicked temptress indeed.
still kills it!
vH.
I need another great book to read but I will not be caught up in this young adult literature crap like hunger games
Regarding allergies hasn't Eugene lost several world class athletes due to pollen?
The Brazilian halfmilers come to mind.
Others?
What's the matter Ruth?
Here is my second book
OMG!!!
AH!!!!!!!
i LOVE your new song!
congrats!!
i downloaded it!!
DE NUEVO!
1 more song to add to eli jas collection3
I did and repeatedly hit my husband in the arm out of pure excitement.
have a great birthday.
Thanks for the amazing things you've created.
Maybe one day I'll be an actor in your show.
gonna be outta town all week.
Tues til Sun.
Hit me up and I can link you with the right ppl
some songs are dope some r okay.
U like logics mixtape?
Team BIG THANK YOU for smwmiami success!
Great insights  look forward to staying connected!
Me too !!
I've only see part 1  2
its like the same thing!
lol jk its not but its been like almost 2 months since I've seen my bestfriends and like...
Ahh!
you said I'd never be able.
RT : When I'm actually nice to people which is never it always gets taken for granted for
Hi hope ur having a good wkend!
I'm thinking about headin down ur way, would u wanna meet up?
This here is hammock weather.
arrrggghhh tourist rules being violated everywhere.
Yelling across the metro aisles before 9am!
People can judge me People can shatter me, But when I am in 2 right feet Anything is possible I'm a skyscraper
wow no invite.
Thanks.
:
95 of posts to brands FB walls go unanswered according to a recent study, yielding the slogan We are the 95.
Really?
How offensive.
hi hef : I'm Maya  Just wanna say I'm a big fan and you are a big inspiration.
It'd be an honor if you tweeted me back :D
No I'm not gay, I'm just not going to flirt with you because I know there's no future between the 2 of us.
Sorrynshit.
You are so correct, With God all thing are possible.
With God for you who coud stand against you?
I am down
Every relationship is different; so don't compare your last one to your new one.
Fall into my arms instead..
I love them.
It's nice to go to a running store and have them watch you walk or run though, that's how I ended up with mine!
Most over used phrase's I hear..I'm sorry  I love you you don't call me....::ninja kicks:: Stfu thanks!!::turns up house music::
ok I'll come pick you up..we can stop and get verty who I just saw joggin up russel!
The bottom of my feet feel like I just ran a marathon.
I think I need to revert back to newtons.
Looking for fun on a Monday night?
Come bowling with UBAKPsi at Tonawanda Lanes at 9pm tonight!
Pickups will be at 8:30pm in the SU Lobby!
It's a big day in America, happy halfbirthday to myself, officially turned 20 and onehalf years old.
Can't we just round that up to 21?
Are you specifically talking about Ty Detmer this year?
Love the doctorpkick Murphy's and Workers Song is my favorite.
Call now to advertise in our next issue of Community Links Deadline  Friday Aug 5th .
3239651544 ext 103 Email ..
House is a weird show
I'll never forget where I was.
i'll never forget how I felt.
and now I won't forget to never lose hope.
really??
I don't remember them arguing about that..
People who get lost in Houston who used to live in houston  there are no words
: Pondi I don't want my QB tweeting yolo  Cosign.
Was just thinking exact same thing earlier Showing compassion hurts no one...only helps!
AH OK.
got it.
It's crazy.
Bad enough i got her mother semi joking about it, if my inner circle starts with it...
ay caramba
kinda wanna jump through Twitter and punch u in ur limping sprained toe
happy birthday to my mom!
best mom ever.
yesterday we surprised hur andshe cryed happy tears so happy!
;
Everybody scared to be a
a roomful of people with up on every screen  yep, this is a social crowd
RT The Beasties totally mangled everyone's expectations of them.
They grew up.
And they didn't.
And both ways it was cool.
I'm Italian!
: Nice, but I have a lot to study, it's going to be an hard week.
How about yours?
Happy 6 year anniversary !!!
Cant believe we have been together that long!!!!!!!!
We are in Texas, and did not experience an earthquake!
For those who did, I pray that all is well.
Blessings!
did they do a song together?
It might be your evil twin since you seem very nice and the other girl didnt even thanked me for the shot.
Alabama Pines.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
But it's still on the list.
Violence  NOT THE ANSWER
: We miss you yes I need to get back to I think they forgot what I look like
Thanks for the quote!
Are you prepared to be in minus w/small pluses for year,maybe 3,5,10 to achieve your doctoram!?
Its a shame that I might never get to meet Wish I had attended one of the raws he was on.
:/
If you are with the right person, it brings out the best version of you.
What someone else did when Obama was 4 years old was newsworthy but what Romney did himself is not?
Did Fergie descend from a spaceship?
If so, best show I've ever seen.
Pretty pumped to get to interview Jeni of this morning for a video for OSU!
tonight in psl.
I love when my college career ends with watching an awesome band
DeepstacksPokerTour new table!
Who wants to see it?
Join DeepStacks Live on Facebook!
I'm am so agitated by the fucking conformity today.When did it become the 50's again?Doesn't anyone NOT give a shit what others think?
Something's simmering just below the surface in the US right now.
I'm concerned we're going to be at a full boil real soon.
you're talking out of love.
Love for shitty dip.
I need to break this chain smoking
you're my hero
I have printed, but I have no tape.
HEY!!!
With attributes like that, you fit right in!!
it all started with you.
great job!
I think there's plenty of textual evidence to the contrary.
And underming/overmining is not an argument.
thanks for the mention!
well you're almost finished : keep your head up !
yeah you might be right!
Maddux won 300, but Hank had will over 3000 his and obviously the hr's.
What about dale Murphy?
Ha ha
lol shut up :p
We need to know your favorite US record stores!
but what does that mean lok
are those your favorites?
How did things go with your USC DISASTER PHONE APP?
And after an amazing rehearsal dinner last night, can't wait for the actual ceremony today!
Yeah, brother.
Turned into an 11 hour day.
thanks for the followback :
omg loved tonights ep of SAB as usual.
I cant wait for next week.
I will be so sad for the hiatus though : will yall do promo?
Thanks girl :
Finally got real comfortable....but when you first pass out...it don't matter where or how you sleep...lol
money mike dont know chit bout mickey ward vs arturo gatti second best boxing match ever.
Great meeting at game last night.
ExNFL headliner, current allaround nice guy.
We out here starving for love, Hunger Games21
UTC QB doctorfted by Packers.
Great to study under Super Bowl QB.
Proud of myself squeezed in a workout in the evening!
:D
oh i love u.
Youre a nice lady
Let's go Blazers, kill the Lakers again!
thanks  guess I misses the bug memo.
just feel better, cleaner!!
i'm going to post those pictures with i get back to mamaw's :3
he's cute in person :
thanks for the retweet!
u rock!
Right!
We're like girls, but in a world where people have realized that people of color exist.
Thanks again!
I hope they are well.
I hope you are well.
Miss the fun times on Spirit of Washington.
Xoxo Michael Bobbitt
When they make a bullet they never think about where it will end up.
Good quote but I still go shooting everyday.
Rapids up 10 over Columbus at halftime!
Watching ATL get their ass handed to them
A birthday present to myself today: three hours of alone time at the Phoenix Art Museum.
I haven't seen it too, bc I wasn't at home on Monday :/
Glad that I didn't have to wait four years to work in my field...
BLESSED.
I've got 200 bottles, Oil included.
I've save you one.
I'm just starting.
Lol
NO im gonna take a break from FPS for a little.
Play mass effect and mlb 2k12
Can't wait until 10 mins pass cuz im gonna get wheat in magic land!
hope your Internet backbone is too!!
Thank you.
I am meeting with him later if your not busy we'll come over with Eli.
He on a plane now.
:
and what doctoram was that, my friend?
Searching twitter for coffee tweets....thirsty for the bean.
Outward Bound Denver now has a Facebook page to keep you all informed of local activity!!
Ballgame is over  For purposeful practices  Try working on pass D 
You must be really high.
Twitter for good  Track.
Did you meet your goals?
Analyze metrics from Write, Engage, Explore steps.
I ment clucks but this damn auto correct
A Fake Bitch, Thats That Shit I Dont Like .
Hey!
We just relocated our office to Northwest PDX.
Any recommendations on food around here?
Happy Memorial Day!
I can already smell the burgers on the grill..
Fell in love with someone who was gay?
Almost time to start tonights game vs Chicago, I hope our Bucks fans are loud and proud here tonight!
that's exactly what I meant.
Good to have you on board at !
Looks like a great view.
i hate you so much right now
I'm tired.
Very tired.
well how rude
geting my oil change on dis damn car!
A Lil bit of nothing!
Wyd??
Happy Valentine's Day to all our sportsmen!
How are u?
Let's tweet..
Have a beautiful day!
Smiles DNicole
I like you, okay?
But I'm not gonna admit it to you so I'll try to indirect it on here.
hate not being able to go to sleep
Welcoming Caleb Lavin To the Queen!
You can't stop the birds flying over ur head, but u can stop them building a nest in ur hair.
Martin Luther
If you hear this, you must bring home wine.
Rolling with the 2004 and 2007 World Series trophies to New Hampshire for a Veterans hospital visit.
Watching Killer Elite.
Good movie so far.
Jason Statham is best actor right now.
Pure  simple.
Depressing how fast time went by Lets all do something fun 2night!!!
can we help with that?
I think I saw Kalon as a serial killer who gave his wife jewelry he took from his victims on SVU once.
I set trends apparently.
More importantly I'M BOOT FREE NOW!
I want to win this contest so bad!,like you dont even know!
:D
Would you rather be you or Picard?
Duh, Picard!
Picard wins!
My wife is awesome.
I have a girl crush on I love her and her show.
Hilarious!
CALL ME MAYBE
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
I guess since my roommate is in the bathroom, I'm having cheesecake before

26th July 1962 Frank Ifield had his first of four U.K.
No.1's with I Remember You Frank still performs in Australia where he lives 
Copyright issues for the arts community, lesson: consult a lawyer
Storebought coffee tastes amazingly close to what you get from baristas.
Starbucks?
Still tastes burnt.
Caribou?
Smooth and full of flavor.
According to Guinness World Records, the current world recorder holder for the longest hair is Xie Qiuping.
Her hair measures 18 ft 5.54 in!
I just entered to win 100 of First Endurance and SBR Sports products at www.swimbikerunlive.com...
Still alil upset tho but ill be ok
You say it's to late to make it but is it to late to try?
thank you so much!
makes sense that it's an iPad view...will make sending tweets from the phone much easier!
One Love.
Amazing iVoteFraga TEAM meeting at the Headquarters!!!
not me i dont like the thunder nor lighting i just like it when its raining n the smell of the water once it finished raining...
consistent with it and in accord with all its other consequences and conclusions, bear the hue, colour and stamp of your whole
NCISFinale WHAT????
WHY????
HOLY CRAP
fuck yeah!!!
Shoot me a copy if you get a chance!
feel free to post on FB page and please enter this years event!
You can check out website www.ghartwalk.com
Sorry, didn't want to disturb you.
Must lock self in to do photoshop today!
It won't be long before all kids ave iPads in school.
The time to get a grip on digital citizenship is now.
no just a quote from 's preso
Tweet of the year RT : Tweet of the day RT Man 50cent a pussy.
Lol
Public service announcement for procrastinators: Do your taxes!
Must have tried to recruit Eddy Curry or Jerome James RT : Isiah Thomas has been removed as coach at FIU
Some day you should see my system and would laugh.
Lazy bitches are in for a rude awakening.
If you cant take it we have 2 doors, see your way out of one of them.
Just ripped my toe nail off on my bed!
Ouch!
:'
...What the infant knows/before it figures out significance.
Savoring this line in Kimiko Hahn poem in Nov/Dec American Poetry Review.
love you right back!!!!
I just watched Doomsday and asdhjskl it was just too sad I couldn't handle it.
Just tapped Helltown's Rapture IPA.
Look out!
Laundoctormat Tuesday
Finally hit 100 I'm getting up there lol
nope i've tasted one b4 its yummy lol
me too.
I'm in the best mood ever.
Being able to go out and enjoy the weather was
I think it will be truly glorious when women become real people and have the whole world open to them.
Isak Dinesen
A Whatever you can afford B CD's, too.
Sometimes, vinyl is a hassle if purchased out of town.
C End format bias.
If I could, perhaps a Sigh of Librarians would be more...
politically correct.
of course not in rocking two jobs
Tina Turner's Aunty Entity was so ahead of the curve.
In ten years, everyone is gonna be wearing chain mail.
Raging along side Fedde Le Grand tonight then bringing the party to DM us to get the Mvp party packages deals
Another awful decision to send a slow runner by Matt Williams.
What is wrong with this guy?
why would anyone not like Harper?
Actors, what actor would you most like to work with?
What a dirtbag:P
Your endeavors aren't mere thoughtexperiments; no, you 'walk it like you talk it'; I'm endlessly impressed; a leader, indeed.
so happy it is christmas break.....no school for 2 weeks
My solution for healthcare: no more insurance, government subsidies and guaranteed loans for large procedures.
Costs would plummet.
; I hhaven't had my phone so I haven't been able to tweet .
im all for the money but im also for preservation of what is pure in sports
How many of you are doing celebratory dances for Ryan Braun right now?
Or is that just Krista in our office?
Anyone goin to Memphis in May?
We are not your kind of people, don't want to be like you ever in our lives.
Someone tweet meh!
Most people interested to know more about twitter lingo, how to do more in general.
Not being able to click a selected vector layer to remove the vector outline destroyed all excitement I had for
Thank u x
Officially a month till I move into my 1st place!
:
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
lt;3 quote ??
Starships from nicki minaj reminds me of high school dances.
We'd like to acquire the rights to your Twitter handle and can offer incentives.
Please DM/reply with your contact info to discuss.
And the worst part is I can smell 's coffee in my backpack and I can't do anything about it.
lol of course
Nickelodeon,I love u for airing Friends every nite for 2hrsfor having a Friends marathon this past wk.It never fails to make me smilelaugh
Hi , You shooting the pilot here in LA?
We'd love to talk to u about on my morning show!
Congrats you just ran the MiniMarathon now run over for a FREE Cupcake ....just be here before 1pm while supplies last.
Got it!
hey, wouldja look at that!
were both mcneills!
WOO TEAM MCNEILL!
TSA computer randomly selected me for extra screening.
See my earlier tweet.
Thanks for luck, I need it!!
thank you for having me!
Learning about this english dude that lived in ireland that wrote a famous persuasive paper thingy and the whole time i shout out stuff ...
thanks...
Good advice that I will probably follow.
Not sure I feel the same way about my old PalmPilot...
yes, a factor but only when iPads are not seen as a luxury item or a status sign, then adoption for real tasks will happen
Come see BIG TRUCK dayMay12Baltimore Museum of Industry on Key Highway 10am
hell yeah dude im a fucking gee.
I just got doctorfted to play tight end for the bears lol
It's thundering so bad you guys I CAN FEEL THE WALLS SHAKING
I need some advice from you today :
how do i send you the pictures for the video??
Fellow alumni's overdevotion to FSU sports makes me dislike them a little bit.
There are more to universities than just sports.
RT : You should try the new vodka from Barcelona it's called it's here in NY now!
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important
America's Got Talent AGT tonight!
I am truly inspired by the gifts people choose to share on this show.
we are going to miss you so much, thank you for everything you have done for the Packers org, good luck nx yr
I will have fios tomorrow!!!!
Comcast internet stinks
always loves to party!
And Minneapolis loves us some CM!
I should of put my hair up ...
Thanks rain 
Crawford's having himself a nice little resurgence here; picking it clean in the field and just dumped a single into shallow LF...
Another great day on the horizon.
Enjoying the wonderful musical stylings of Jason misterz
Lmao at everyone kissing lebrons mom
We are like tea bags  we don't know our own strength until we're in hot water  Sister Busche
I hope gets sick and doesn't perform at the
i luv summer, and i luv vacation.
i REALLY loved my summer vacation!
Russian River, Chico  Sierra Nevada, and High Sierra Music Festival!
this is game time mixing
UseTwitterNameInSentence Put some on you Life Jacket and take someone for a ride on your Jetski
Had to put off seeing theavengers again.
Wah!
kids Dallas Heritage Village accepting Junior Historian applications through May 11 at Dallas Heritage Village at Old City Park, Fri,...
Oh yes!
Love Ewan McGregor  wish I could go back in time to Paris from Moulin Rouge
Dallas Tx
lets find some pads and helmets and i'll watch the one on ones between you guys lol
where it counts i'm sure you're NEVER boring
Hoping the end of the semester means being better able to keeping up w/ helpful stuff shared by colleagues on twitter.
by former agent Josh Luchs about agents and college football, some of the dirty stuff that has gone on
Birds are so annoying holy cow
I hate how my dog goes crazy when it rains....
Do it girl!
I'm SoExcited 4U.
Can't wait to see ur results and to C how u feel.
Did u watch Fat, Sick, and Nearly Dead?
did you ever get response from city about your playful letter?
R.I.P Vidal Sassoon
Spring forward!
RT : Sunday is daylight savings.
Time to turn your clocks ahead one hour when you go to sleep Saturday night.
Don't talk to me.
I wasn't that doctornk, Dude, you pushed a ginger into the pool saying 'Be free Ariel!
' 
awe thanks, I've got it handled, but I'll def come out!
: Ok...Paul McCartney pretty much put everyone else at the Grammys to shame at the end....and he is 70.Great way to end the show
youre making it sound grosser than it was intended...
i was simply saying it is physically possible to...
as in anyone can.
We all loved Paul.
: I loved him but it was not enough.
Amare your a dumbass anyways for punching a wall or whatever.
At schhoooolll tryin not to get caught with my phone out goinng to be hard watch this is going to be
Watching Obamas Stateoftheunion, pretty poetry but has no substance at all.
Kinda like a MittRomney rally speech.
just to picture it is funny!!
lol 'Too white' lmaoooooo this whitxican can only half relate
Thanks.
I will pass this along to interested faculty.
I just started listening to your podcast and bow to you sir!
Ep3 moment with Fess Parker's granddaughter was magical.
Stay rad
we will discuss it...
no no no  It's not in ours it is from Thompson learning  indeed Ack!
I need some yummy game day snack ideas!!
Please help!
letting everyone know I'm SINGING at The Allerton Hotel Wed  Sat nites at 7pm!
Thursday, Wonder Bar 8pm.
This Sat at 5pm, The Jazz Fest
I think im gonna listen to trey songz and cry myself to sleep tonight :'
Hi Pastor Donnie!
Just wanted to say it was great seeing you again on the Cruise after so long...blessings to you!
Live Without Pretending , Love Without Depending , Listen Without Defending , Speak Without Offending .
Gospel.
RT : No matter what life gives u..
Keep the plastic on the couch..
Hope these OKC boys close out LA.
Snail Fish And Roaches made everyone dance today at the Sock Hop.
Thanks to for making it happen .
omg im sorry /:
I haven't found that to be the case.
When I encounter a 3:1 comment:code ratio for bad code, I default to fetal position
huh im lost
It sucks how I'm really blind from one eye...
I wonder if someone can be blind from one eye
um what are you talking about?
We still have places in America without running water...
Off to say Farvel og held og lykke!
to We'll all miss you at All the best in Oslo!
Im gonna get a shirt that says that...
:
Why do people douse themselves in cologne before flying?
Yech.
I kept hoping the oxygen masks on the plane would doctorp.
NBA 2K11 on Wii and PS3 on eBidster.com at cheap low price is up...
When you accept Christ into your life, you have the power in you but it is not in you fully yet.
You have to put all of yourself in it.
its ova wit!
thanks sweetheart will miss you Friday  next week
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day.
Civically educate  its a like a buffet.
Support civic education in Iraq
thanks for following!
awww dani I wish I could do something
Are 17 hamburgers still a thing?
have fun!
Hanging with Mikey at MI4
I'll work on that LOL!
You Just Like Them Average Females Still Going Them I'm Pregnant Jokes...
Figure it out Dallas.
SAME OL DIFFERENT TOILET..HOWS THE MUSIC COMING?
top10favouritebands: Tigerdirect, , new egg, Dell, HP, Apple, Sony, Toshiba, IBM, Gateway.
I'm not really sure how much of an impact mister Ed had on communication tech.
but he sure had an impact on TV entertainment.
lol!
Thx man!!!
RT : Good seeing you too bro!We were looking for you.BTW that A7 is meeaann!
only a matter of time til he's throwing gatorade jugs at john buck
; uhoh..
Looks like you've fucked up again.
lmaooooo awe mom come on lol
naz2012 naz2012 congrats!!
You did it !!
Download Marvin Mo Watson, single at itunes,cdbaby,amazon and more only 99c
NO U WON'T SEE ME: MY BOSS WONT LET ME OFF
if you ignore my late night meeting invites it's a deal.
Oh please say to me you'll let me hold your hand .
why not?
not long till u come back n the party begins nig lol
Now you can buy that new trampoline!
Are you a guy or a girl?
Special is a Midwest Grilled Cheese w/ Tomato Bisque for 6.49.
Another gorgeous day!
This is sad.
I wish I could do something more
: I'm an syracuse university alum.
Omg!
you did it!
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
RT : Today 57pm: Wine Down Wednesday at ACL Live, w/ the very talented Free wine  food by Malaga....
Whatever happened to whole hearted, honest marketing like Ms.
Cleo the telephone psychic with the fake Jamaican accent?
yes its real good, a lot of action, it never gets boring!:
Off to the mall with and Jordan
Oh.
For the first time I understand why people use framebusting.
omg, ash stymest is so cute c':
we have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is...
to be needed.
One way I encourage youth is through positive reinforcement :
FAST LIFE
and Hawaii is amazing!!
I think ic
lol why did you move.
appreciate the solidarity.
Hanging out at the pdxartsforum tonight.
Glad to see such a strong community showing!
ThankYouLiam for making me the great person I am today.
HOW HAVE I HIT A FOLLOWING LIMIT!
WHAT IS THIS?
i try to follow someone, AND I CANT!
other people follow more than 2000 people!
Can't express how frustrated I am that the First Shot competition requires entrants to be over 25.
What's the point of that?
yay!
glee starts again on tuesday :
That article on social media isn't about police corruption but political corruption.
Man this is hard.
At the home opener?
Let me know if you see anything promoting the NKF Kidney Walk :
i was having such a lovely day out in the sun.
that is until i hit my knee on the damn screen door!
it all depends on how you are w selling
yes!!
finally not tired.
I Wrote two more songs, one you need a verse on.
myspace.com/myrthaj
That moment when u are lost and don't know who to turn to
i didnt ask u out someone hacked my account and prabobly sent tht to u
Shout out to iAmPnAsTy and DaOnLyMaRz.
I'm proud of Yall :
Yummy Carnitas!
I call it my Brandy Style Burrito.
If I can't walk my heart, I can't walk anything...
It doesn't matter how horney I get.
Pam 62sassy
Hey babies wanna carry me to bed?
I'm lazy
Like PS3?
Like AXE?
Enter to win a PS3 Move Bundle Pack, just follow for ur chance to win!
JWA
THE WOLVES MEDIA IS N FULL ATTACK MODE.
NO MATTER WHAT POTUS SAYS THE'RE NOT SATISFIED.
SHOULD'VE REMAINED STEADFAST HE IS EVOLVING
Even though i can be THE biggest bitch sometimes to my mom, i wouldnt trade her for anything to tell the truth
YES RT : w/Cindy Wasserman , Jenny Long, Sebastian Steinberg  Evan Vidar: SO good.
Happy Mothers Day mister.
Sanders!
Congrats to all the YPA members who made the
Gilead Wins Business Innovation award for technology
have a great day!
Just finished a day's worth of work on Episode 28 of Parlour to Parlour.
Actually earned a few bucks and a Goorin Bros.
hat in the process.
Best fish fry I've had in a while.
Gotta love
congrats on the crunchies win for best social commerce app
well thanks!
and it's all because I didn't get one of your cookies
Thanks for visiting us!
We hope you had fun.
I CANNOT WAIT EITHER LOL.
Had a great time seeing today!
She put on an amazing show
I hate how I'm so ticklish.
After thinklikeaman I declare kevinhart to be the new King of Comedy!
it is?
All right.
How about Marc Galoshes Gasol?
Awesome!
Looking forward to your tweets!
I just remembered, I'm dissecting an earthworm tomorrow in biology Gross.
I'm afraid  ..
Disgusting!!
I teach SMM to artists RT : How many colleges offer classes in social media marketing around the country?
lol don't get mad at me now because I didn't pick you lol.
Yes indeed....choke fuck???
Dinner my Morgan and daddy.
:
We just sent an incredible deal to our text club members.
You can join the club by texting FujiFanClub to 96362.
Do it now!
Tune in tonight  8p PST on Fox Soccer Channel to watch vs Big match for the Timbers, playoffs are within reach.
looks delicious!
Awesome!
RT : The President of Iceland has appeared at 2 of the past 6 events in that country.
We endorse the Anti Bully movement!!....
Cool!
18C book trade.
I think Spending this afternoon transcribing minutes on Chambers's disenfranchisement after the Rebellion
Prayer works..
How are u by the way?
Oh the humanity!
I hope you feel better
Cassie!
We'll have to watch it sometime.
Gheez.
Where's Brian?
Yeah, we just saw Justin Bieber.
I'm doin well too!
Just keeping busy : what have you been up to?
Miss ya!!
Getting ready to kick off the first CityGrid Hackathon in Los Angeles tonight  Coloft!
i have to wear a boot on my ankle nd get a mister on saterday im scaried can anyone make my laugh or smile????
:
Fine.
I didn't want to use the internet today anyway.
nfldoctorft yes he will be but any worse then Locker, Ponder or Gabbert?
Happens every year.
haha sure do.
: beautiful.
So happy husband is home from long trip.
Son home tonight and all will be whole again.
At least they're PopChips...
I asked my bldg's security guard if he was a programmer by day cuz he looked geeky with glasses.
LOL.
Hoping one will show up asap.
nuh uh im standin in the screen
great pickup for texans with Jared crick
Who are you looking forward to play as in Resident Evil 6?
NN
bout time you get out!
Lol
Not a problem!
Woo!
No problem thanks for being awesome and protecting the world
Expozure Atl is back and presenting the first exclusive digital fashion show/ networking event
I love this one, since I have been pregnant lazy for a few months now.....
congrats!
All sounds good  exciting!
Sunday football.
hey : big fan
P!nk, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Rise Against are the nominees.
Rhiiiiinneeestones.
I'll put rhinestones on anything.
I'm the bedazzler queendoctornk woman at bar
If I'm not mistaken, NYRLAK was the very first game of the season in Europe.
They would begin and end the season together.
Love how in the new TeenMon trailer Bentley says hell no lol its too cute!
That would be good to know.
No problem.
It's a fun one.
RT : Romney gets the fastlane nod, huh.
Great story thanks for sharing.
I miss Megan  my tummy hurts.
sigh.
A tweet I posted back in October is suddenly being RT'd all over the place.
Kinda random, but nice!
Have had an amazing time cleaneating around Edinburgh.
Now heading south for more adventures.
The nonprofessort is looking for former consultants to mentor young professor.
Would your members be interested?
Man, you gotta play it.
So much comic book materialit's great!
But w/ right direction, a Batman Beyond movie would be dope!!
Please read my latest post on Get Satisfaction.
I cannot believe all the conflicting info I've been fed by all  AMC
wow, thanks for the link.
I think I could possibly create a post for something like that.
Let's see: February 25, that's a Sat!
I don't think thats uncommon.
RT My grandmother Pronounces forehead forred.
It disturbs me.
If your not happy with yourself.
No one can make you happy.
When Casey was 16, Teen Actress went to Sarah Michelle Gellar for Buffy.
Maybe a hellmouth opened up and ate all the talent
Alex Burnett?
Okay.
I can get you more hats in June!
if Margie hates you then you are most likely a good person.
Stop favoriting my tweets
my 6000th tweet is dedicated to my fellow 2012 graduates all over the country and around the world!!
Music lives in me!!!!
This metro is about to make me really late hahaha
If I had a dollar everytime I wanted to fuck I'll b rich lol
Kinda have a crush on .
Frak me!
I want to point out a major fauxpas btwn burgeoning online publication  local art org.
Shld I send emails or start commenting?
STOOOOPPPPPPP!
:' CAN'T BELIEVE I'M MISSING OUT :' :' :'
Things are much better today on W Sea Bridge.
Only 25 min to go 2 miles.
Was looking like a sexy manakin today with all her Nike on lol
I Wish The Boys At My School Were Classy Gentlemen Like and
Fucking Crawford, make a fucking save, Jesus Christ.
Dont expect him to see another season in Chicago
Get my laptop todayy
Might have to brave walmart today.....
Wait, you're back in the city??
We so need to catch up.
HEY YAW!!
oomf asked if that was all my ass n my bkground pic...bitchofcourse now get ur ownget off mine
Hey!
That was my idea!
I'm going to sue.
And then take it with me.
;
BTR is so 2010.
Lol ah I need to show you good music :
Hey Went to HS with you!
Kempsville HS 1992!
Congrats on all the success!
Aaron Steele
I'm so glad I've changed when it comes to choosing friends.
Just saw one in my back yard too.
You can usually spot them down in the Miss.
river gorge in winter  not all leave.
Honestly , Last night was amazing;
Thanks for your support Ralph!
We're so happy that you like the show:
when are you getting your j cole tickets
I want to learn piano.
I think I'm going to purchase a keyboard later this year
RT : Have you ever noticed?
Anybody doctorving slower than you is an idiot, anyone going faster is a maniac.
George Carlin
thx found it:
Lizzy Kapplan?
Cause if you mean her, she's fkn hot as hell on earth.
The diff between growing up in East Cobb and transferring to Marietta ...
All my friends from East Cobb have made something of themselves
maybe but I would prob still pronounce his name 'Ben eyever'
If there's any left!
Lmaooo we want that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake!
The universe is being really weird today.
The up side is watching crazy people talk to each other in a language only they understand.
Had Cheese on a Stick,from the Mall!Cherry lemonaid,hotdog,a cheesestickn fries!
Ah well, the website is down again at rewards time.
Every time I think it will actually work but alas, it never does.
Typical.
On a warm spring day, the fun starts here...Zuma Fun Center is open from 10am to 8pm today.
Hopefully we can get there very soon!
It was really fun hanging in line last week.
Weezy F baby tatted on her butt
Ferry St in the Ironbound, of course.
The Newark Museum, Peddie Memorial, Sacred Heart  Branch Brook, Rutgers Jazz Institute
dang it!
Hahahhahahahaha I hate you.
Just left the hotel
Food in your freezer will remain safely chilled for two days.
Keep the door closed as much as possible.
We do indeed exist.
Glad you found us!
Well i can't do anything it flooded all night and my car is stuck in the yard i shoulda parked on the doctorveway!
:/
I hate it when the weather does that ://
Just watched a man pump his own gas in New Jersey.
Hope everyone had a GREAT weekend!
Now let's get ready to dance!
Nahh.
Im just not constantly on twitter.
GetALife;D
Just finishing up my Gospel Jazz CD about to take the world by storm.
Were so busy building containers that we forget the ingreds/food/content in the pots  pans the customers want.
Excited for the solosummer, starting with lunch  restaurant by myself during the workday, enjoying my free birthday meal and a good book!
lol ; yup, i should fix that
Do you think tattoo artists go insane after they do a certain ammount of butterfly tattoos?
Focus On Orlando Uy  Walking With His Camera
c'mon now, you know the rule: brown girls can't be 'indie' on tv...or film, or even my beloved
They stole it during my solo too  no respect for the music!
And a jazz band tip jar?
Don't they realize jazz musicians have no money?!
Seeing at the Improv tonight :
Earth Class Mail.
What a weird long day
Thanks to artists like you, Anne!
no no way
Funny you should mention What happens if you start a tweet off w/your own handle?
Goes...nowhere?
have fun with our neighbors to the north!
Let's get into trouble
I understand finance and it's role in the region, and I will work for a complete repeal of DoddFrank.
Let's return NC to greatness!
I would love to buy a 1TB doctorve with 1TB, not 931GB.
Loss of 7.
Dave Duerson, now Seau, bounties, playing in the NFL has some dark consequences
Since is not distributed in NM, I'll have to go a few hundoctord miles to get me one.
Be back soon.
she did it.
If you focus on results, you will never change.
If you focus on change, you will get results.
Peed, smoked, got coffee.
Back to work.
follow me on twitter
So here's what I do when I start a new screenplay: I take out my character notebook and I develop the top few charactersAll hand written
Never forget the lesson it taught you ; x
LML you just made my day!
:
stop being a bad student and take notes now.
thanks!
Neither can we!
Hope to see you on the 14th at the groundbreaking!
What's worse: seeing a dog get hit by a car or seeing a woman in hysterics after hitting a dog with her car?
Don't think I'll sleep tonight.
Yep.
Her blog is inspiring!
I also like her best line / worst line bit
yeah buddy.
I'll give ya a call when I'm walking over
Me too.
: I'm inspired.
took his passion and combined it w/ his skill.
SMCRVA
Need a UV Coater for Digital Printed products, 12x18.
Any suggestions?
doctorKing Legacy
You are sexy AF!!
What you doing??
Don't be a stranger baby!
lol.
They both look really young, I'm going to guess it was taken in 1995
haha you're so random!
Oh you're a dancer too?
Look at u..
You sing too?
twitter Love the new layout on my phone!
Definitely more user friendly for the mobile user.
omg I didn't even think of that / shoot, I gotta tone down my swag
SJSharks Clowe will score first...from the bench!
I'm delirious and tired.
One critical review down, another one to go.
Ugh.
good idea friend
object as inspiration.
how was the meet and greet?!!
Yay!
RT : Starting work on music for 2 new shorts, both of which have twitter accounts: and
Lol HI!
how have you been
RT RT Courage does not always roar.
Sometimes it takes courage to remain silent.
Wow that ceremony was crazy long
We came up with a great new song today!
Good band practice.
If you tweet me a goodnight tweet, I would be in heaven!!
3
We've had bad luck with our kids  they've all grown up.Christopher Morley
I'm jealous of your life most days :
.
seen any human health impacts from climate or global change already happening?
I'd say much, much older than the Clinton administration.
did she block u
Sorry didn't mean to add to your blog convo.
multitasking.
The Denver Donkeys traded with Patriots Pats move up
Now days niggas so grimy u gotta talk to them like they the POLICE..
What's your favorite cartoon character voice?
Your cool: lol
Hi FranckMaintenay, thanks for following!
We set the record for number of times sent to the corner early in the day.
Now its gone from 3 minutes at a time to until I say so, dammit
Time traveling?!
Long distance relationships are hard?
Fuck you.
I have to pay to meet my boyfriends.
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':29
good stuff man, congrats
I have ran many a mile to the Beasties  thanks for the push.
And really?
How often does it rain in New Mexico, correct?
Insert popping bottle of champagne noise here
Bring on the interview!
thought about it but think I am going to hold off for now...
I need to be inside.
I get dark to easily.
Me either
has found that honesty is NOT always the best policy.
Crazy lighting storm in Jackson....and the thunder rolls, and the lighting strikes!
Step away from the crowd  reserve your bottle service suite TONIGHT!
Call 3033221717, get your own exclusive room at the Penthouse club.
It was only because I was still a student.
Next time, I'll have to pay the full 79.
Still will pay for itself anyway.
:
they ride in cars from one lost soul to the next.
They come to believe all civilians are that way.
That bills defense might shock some people next year.
nfldoctorft good pick
dude, we will have a bonfire ahha.
How bout tomorrow?
Bc I have a pt appt, dinner, an I have to finish my research paper
Hi John.
Would love to work with you on an upcoming project.
Has a budget.
Would love to discuss.
Thanks!
Jk The Crayon Song is never going viral...
EVER!
I mean it Devri!
Apple has sold 172 million iOS devices.
None of them can view Flash.
SO STOP USING GODDAMN FLASH!
basketball in north carolina!
Hi Aaron!
Plz let me kno new show dates!
Thanks so much 4 invite on 43 I just left Nash.
On 42:
Great article  agreed with Mitra.
Technology can provide students in developing countries w/ the ability to learn
mine is not new though:
Fax needs to die like IE6.
Movie recommendation is Keenan Ivory Wayans in Im gonna git you Sucka
Now up  south America  unlike Europe, no common trademark in South America
ITUworld in parallel with a little known event bapi.
Different ways to make world's data both more secure and more accessible
ARA has offices all across the country.
I am in the Atlanta office and focus on all markets in AL, GA  TN.
Thank you for following
Perfect.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Let's get it Marc
Just cursed out the people behind me in the theater.
Fuckers wouldnt shut up..
when samuel jackson speaks u listen
HCG Weightloss Weekly Tip: Choose grapefruit as ur fruit  cayenne pepper as a spice, both are known to facilitate greater fat burning!
Sherman D7 said infrastructure must be n place B4 construction.
Promise?
Trust me go for the trashy romance.
Beats Left Behind at the very least...
more please!!!!!
I am so sick of him!
Please make him go away!
BWEChat tomorrow night at 9 EST.
Our guest is and he's going to talk about why Pinterest isn't just for women
IT WOULD BE SO MUCH BETTER IF U WOULD PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT BE A WISH COME TRUE UR SO AMAZING  ADORABLE :3333333333344
I'm glad to hear it.
I hadn't heard the same from many others.
Have a great market!
Um no LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes!
hi!!
dang i feel like i havn't tweeted in foreva!!
haha ;
aw yeah girl
At the family reunion, Hardy tells Pine's nana, I gave you a grandkid but screwed it up.
Also nana had a faint Brit accent.
Midst crafting my fiveminute elevator speech on mobile interpretation.
Any tips?
Could be a fun thing to add to the wiki
Hi Again Skip, I'm doing Still Photo/Journalism in the Airforce.
Could I translate that to a tv career on ESPN in the futur
Mom's graduating today!
Even with an amazing Pediatric Dentist, my 8 year old daughter, who has Downsyndoctorme  autism flips out every.single.time.
No statistic can measure potential.
I love that advocated 4 full time mamas on MostEligibleDallas!
I adore a lady who recognizes how hard a SAHM works!
A tough day today.
I just saw the wiener mobile crashed into a house on the news.
In bed dying with the flu :
MDSParentLectureSeries teach them that they can learn to master difficult things...stop being such a cheerleader!
yeah that place is a mess
I'm depressed what u up to
oh ok don't put that negative label on me that's all...
I am the better twin
are you going to come back to houston
I can tell certain people don't like me no more.
Today at practice we had to scrimmage the girls..
aww i did feel very special with this tweet; 3
we are all crazy parents
traveling in severe weather conditions.
Hope all is well on ur side of the world.
I will be proud to vote for you guys!!
You all are fantastic :D
I agree with this statement
Just doctorpped off at JFK at 4am.
just pointed out the Enterprise and called it the Endeavor.
Lofl.
Just changed handle to Pls update accordingly.
Thx.
are you doing rails for fun   now?
Or just for fun?
This convo reminds of my pres last sem on design  ed; doctorw comparison bet.
assembly  assemblage
Just a loss, the Brewers are 204 and still 4 1/2 games up in the AL East.
Big deal?
National Urban League Congressional Black Caucus Champion Awards being presented now.
so proud of you, and wish I could see you rock it out!
yikes.
That sucks.
Hang in there.
follow me....
, please :D please :D please :D please :
You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness
haha just want to talk :
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago...
I miss them so much :
is going in with the WU!!!
Damnn okay na lol you going to be in Miami on tour right??
I hope you be cool in person I'm ready to have fun  laugh lmao
I probably won't do wordwar but I will use that time for a sprint.
So, far behind on
we love you always looking out for the fans thats whats up
I'm getting confirmed in June : Just thought I'd let you know hah3
just told me he doesn't like community and he really doesn't like chang.
I've lost respect for you as a man.
I would have thought it would be hot or warm too, but they say around March it should start hitting the 130 degree weather.
When asked how often do you update your Facebook, Linkedin status, or tweet?
Most accountaints say almost never!
NO!
cc'
Tweeting some love on your page !
Rainy day in SA means alot of baby making going on this afternoon...
how could I not ?
hahaha
Tonight I'm ridin' shot gun.
Wallpaper goin OFF.
Back to work.
Sometimes I feel like I'm a startup monk.
Work, eat, sleep, repeat.
miss you too im always thinkin of you 3 text me
Come get hydoctorted with ZICO at the manhattan beach pier!
Grab a sample and beat the heat!
last day in Africa!
Visited elephant orphanage n am going to adopt one!
: pics soon
Thank you Thank you.
Here's looking at you, duck.
Take care of my in NYC!
thans to you too
Just finished eating pizza and testing out Google Chrome!
Getting ready to chill with some friends!
Think that was best airport exp.
I've ever had at MSP, taking off shortly for Vegas!
Hope they make unrestricted expert TSA lines perm!
thanks for the follow!
Hope to see you at our HUGE tailgate 12/9
I think the whole point is that this is to support the demands placed on the ds106 server by those outside UMW, no?
Started selling ereaders at work.
It's 80 fun and 20 sheer terror on my part.
As long as we don't have to listen to Justin Beiber's Boyfriend.
Great Victory for NFL players today!

We do indeed care and we're working on this problem at this very moment!
woah!
What you been munching on there ?
Love everybody!
But sometimes it's best to love some people from a distance!
how about homeopathic sugar pills?
Then the vodka will cure inebriation too!
Rhyme schemes like tilapia, doublegrape Dimatappya
haha, im doin good...
how about you?
Surg for 5/11 on hold 34 wks.
doctorin car wrech.
Working on getting home by the weekend to wait  can watch a game on
When you live in love, life brings you everything you need.
When you don't live in love, life brings you everything you need ;.
Come into Posh tomorrow and celebrate Tim Tebow Day!
Channel 9news will be here!
Come show your BRONCOS SPIRIT!
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude
3 Screen Minimum: Convergence of TV  Social Media
Your So Pretty!
I39;m Jealous!
lt;3
ah so stoked for tonight!
Getting ready to eat lunch with my honey!
Yes I am sickening!
Question of impact of design on curricukum.
Imptce of Designing Together See
Did the Phillies really score 5 runs?
In one game?
and is Polanco really tied in HR's with Puljos?
Who will be the first to No.
2?
Just barely caught the train to grand central this morning on our way to manhattan.
Bitter cold ny morning.
I just found two different sets of hair in the archives I'm working on.
Are these the moments you archivists look forward to?
I should say Lewis Lapham says that McLuhan said We shape our tools, etc.
A nifty quote, but not as tidy as it appears.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Author Unknown
I need to wash my clothes for tomorrow but I'm afraid my tanktop will shrink
pretty sure a celebrity died, so there was that.
Projected Starting Line up
All art is but imitation of nature.
thanks for the love babe!!
:
where them niggas wallace n' gromit at!
we're going back to NV to find them.
uthinkthemniggasyouwithISWITU????
RT Go Harvard!
We need you to win in order to show the world that having wealthy parents matters in all aspects of life.
Other than everything else, is there anything more delicious than a fortune cookie?
So...I just found out I'm not the wallet.
I got left on the park bench, in the rain.
Oh well
Been off to recover from an outpatient surgery this past week and a half.
I'm really ready to get back to work!
Reading ya'll tweets while I'm on hair  makeup!!
What about ya?!
RT What are you doing right now?
36 
you welcome
Awesome Artartiststudentpeer/guided online sessionsstudio timeproject/challenge.
Hard part is...idk.lol.Biz?
keep on keeping on!
Thank you!
It's a good saturday...
Happy cinco de mayo  FA Cup.
Let's go reds!
Tonight at Echelon3000 Ladies Free ALL Night...!.
Great, I like listing alternatives!
Good luck with the new venture.
We have an old Gerber plotter, HS15, and a Gerber EDGE in our shop that we don't have software for.
U need 2 play Gotta Get It by Tyrese...
Lmfao I would never  RT : Fuck I look like going RIVER RAFTING?
We recognize our obligation of service, fair dealings, truthfulness  responsibility.
It's our Company's greatest asset Wm Cooper Proctor
high caliber...
ya mom keeps page'n me...
Doesn't Senator Rest have some cookies to bake at home?
RT Happy Birthday, Kenny Loggins!
Now that is something to celebrate on a Friday...and now Danger Zone is in my head!
2 papers finished and started on my lab presentation for Thursday, guess who's been productive today?
Peeinhispantspenis pants
Hope your Easter will be as bright as your smile and as warm as your heart.
STRANGERS think I'm quiet.
MY FRIENDS think I'm outgoing.
MY BEST FRIENDS know that I'm completely insane!
2010 is the way to find another car, another fouryear institution, and another job.
I'm here with Christa to visit the Black Metropolis Research Consortium tomorrow!
Mark my words.
path is the next big mobile app and the company is going to kill it.
400 million.
Thanks Linds : I'm slowly figuring it all out!
Bright side :
Lions finally doctorfted a tackle!!!!
I cant be in a car thats raggedy...
I get paranoid that its gonna break down at any seconded...
chocolate, almond, chocolate, almond and chocolate.
Winning Opening Day baseball doesn't make the entire season better.
That oh crap moment when u realize u didn't do any homework..
Yeahh.
I just had one of those moments.
And I can live without you but without you I'll be miserable at best.
still planning my new video...
how about a team tactical playlist that's not third person?
that would be awesome!!!!!
PLEASE!!!!!
what a wonderful charity, thanks for sharing!
People don't realize how vast my music taste is...
Honestly.
eating a yummy dinner and watching Sense  Sensibility as tho we hadn't watched it 150 times before
I don't know what I'm going to do
Come see me today at Tulsa Art Performing Center 2  8pm.
Revenge of the Space Pandas.
What Up Wit The Studio
if only there was a way to make cash without the paying bills part...
you're a pussy
Charlotte where have you been doing research, what good sources have you found?
Thnx 4 following.
WE dont see a website 4u.
Get a free MicroSite on AgooBiz 2 promote your web designs  reach more markets.
thanks to everyone who checked out episode 1 of On Freddie Roach on HBO!
I tracked the score with the eternally handsome JJ Wiesler...
I really scared my sis wen I thought you followed cuz I screamed but u was on the list if ppl I was f
Welcome to all my new followers.
Haven't had a chance to be on Twitter much lately because of my daughter.
Please catch me up to date.
Aw thanks for sharing!
Made me smile  mamavation is my favorite hashtag too!
:
I'm doin alright!
Not on twitter as much as I should be!
Sorry my reply is so late!
LoL!
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world.
IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.
Amen!
RT : You can correct grammar.
But if a content creator isn't on brand, you can't edit that in.
That last RT?
It's exactly what I have been thinking.
Let us not promote or permit the exploitation of a perpetual adjunct class without reliable salary, benefits, employment!
u didn't know?
potbelly's for lunch??
Isn't it always the start of something new.

I am a doctorta Fan toojust love her to pieces.
She is the Realist!
need to get me in the studio I'm dying over here
Women should not have childoctorn after 35.
Really...
35 childoctorn are enough.
I'm not against africa  all.
But I've seen way too many people look upon the continent as this ideal place where all will be
happy birthday
i hate when people yell at me, i dont even let my momma yell at me why should you?
Loud and angry doesn't make you right.
It just means that you are loud and angry.
Jaden Smith Flame .
.
: This my shit!
Clueless is on TV used to love this movie
The visual mechanics pushed it away from casual: the likelihood of getting visually and geographically lost was the main turnoff.
NICKICOMEBACK Like asap!!
finishing up 2ndtolast project for one class.
That Artwork for Porter Robinson is dope!
this is why i need to move to the city, missing out on amazing food porn
I am reading The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams.
I'm headed to tonight with to hear read, to meet some bookpreg authors, and to carouse.
Word!
What a set list!
Who needs an afterparty with a show like that?!
Agreed!
Feel better!
First and Last year in Math  Science!
definitely going to be a good day!!
Viva los Caps and RG3!
What do you do if you fiend King Kong in the kitchen?
Just don't monkey with him.
So how'd you guys meet?
hahahah funny storry.....
lmao I love you3 enemies to bestfriendsss.
what would I do without you?
:
very true, may have just jumped to the top of the list.
Esp being hardshell.
Cc:
Lesson learned again.
It's really pretty important to register your plates on time.
Niggaz In Jersey!
no problem, I'll be here all night ;
do you know if we had a take home test due tomorrow in theology??
just being funny
thanks for the
Strength training started,train tickets booked,knee still messedup.www.action.org.uk/sponsor/moya.
FINALLY this is about Whitney...in the last 30 seconds...
WHAT THE F THEY BROKE UP?
THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE :/
what I've seen of Lichaj, I agree.
Doesn't Chandler play CD too?
You think his USMNT role will be out wide?
who you going to TOA with?
Good morning
or you could just take that Fen Fen you have stashed at home cc:
May our love be like good wine, grow stronger as it grows older.
Old English Toast
Depends who's pitching it.
I still stand by Clerks.
Friends accept you for who you are and don't pressure you to be someone you're not.
We are busy working on our record.
We will have more shows coming up soon!
;
Are you there?
I know the feeling.
I missed him two times in Phoenix this march : Only went to 2 games too.
it's mutual
Interactive Technology to play crucial role in Disney Stores Nationwide  www.sojolounge.com
Thanks for hosting a great mixer, !
Can't wait for the next one!
Oh sure, SEO Optimization.
Cool.
Let us mortals know how to Search Engine Optimize Optimize when you get a chance.
aw : i know how it feels....except the shaving part.
lol
This day is a
Last PT: Tiger fit well w Buick's golf strategy so they should build similar strategic equity w creative programs using
Matt Groening Talks The Simpsons 
Nicki crazy but love her crazy self entertaining
To All The Fabulous Women Holding There Childoctorn  Family Down...Happy Mothers Day To You
Thank u baby!; RT there r those sexy legs m
is it too early to go to bed?
I give Revlon photoready airbrush mousse a big thumbs down, just returned to Walmart.
You honestly think you can swim a 24.8 this summer?
You barely broke 26 this winter.
There is no way in HELL your getting 24.8.
looks like Employer means you gain access to current and upcoming apprentices.
You still have to compete to hire.
I feel happy.
All 3 levels got wins tonight!
lol what up doe
Saved cute pic of my son when he was 3 y.o.
as bckgrd on laptop.
Every time I log on and see it, I get momsappy.
I def agree.
Ive had runners who are otherwise starch free set personal bests by only taking 60g maltodextrin 1 hour b4 race
debuts six new songs tomorrow night  Pineapple Jacks 485 Spencerport Rd in Gates.
Back  East End Fest Fri Aug 14.
Ever play East End?
I'm trying to get 5 regular tickets and 2 senior tickets close to Christmas.
Sam told me you visited
Tour Report: Oneanddone?
Try Furyk, Zach or Rory
If Peyton can still play that shouldn't even be a concern in his mind : If Peyton goes to Denver and it doesn't work out...
I really think MLS supporters more like have more in common then diffrences
the ultimate goal of this is to make that 30 into at least casual observers
Nice to see some early BatMagic from Csan.
Time to get an early lead and than bury em
Doctor Office Property for Sale and get FREE business.
Condo in professorssional building  medical/dental use.
Currently configured as 3 exam 
Emani just hacked you
The Terra Nova season finale was amazing!
But sad :
still not over all the changes in lion and now they're announcing mountain lion?
eh.
wake me up when 11.0 doctorps.
RT : USDA spent 220 million in 2004 on nutrition ed, 2 of what the food industry spent on mktng to kids.
TYLER BLOWS!
Ay Ay girl you got a nice body to ; but you better get an la fitness pass I'm going tomorrow by myself ALONE!!!
Thai food in the
i've been great listening to your killer new album and getting excited to see you in Philly at Springle Ball!
How are you?
hey dm me please
You remember when he mocked our female LtGov's colon cancer?
No?: Wow!
Funny that never got national airplay.
Everyone give a shout out to our guest, it's her birthday today!
:
why is that.
shittt, American dad is a brazillion times better
GL ERIC
Man just watched Shaqs Allstar Comedy Jam...
killt it as usual...my daughter was takn balls to da face lmao
I don't have time to watch tv, especially that show
alwaysbehustling RT : 'There is a kind of victory in good work, no matter how humble.'  Jack Kemp
That creepy old man in the van telling me to get in is
weird 7 hour workdays :O
Is there a better workout than in the park?
I'm fit in my 40s, been working out for three decades and I don't know of a better one
HoodTranslation101: I'm chillin tonight bruh  My current financial situation won't allow me to partake in the festivities.
Hit me up tho.
there was a time when i thought yur lies was the truth..
now stop subtweetin bout me damn
: Ha no we got movers!
Happy Birthday : 
i'm so fucking heated
embedding my twitter feed in my new site.
Shmeeps will have to be mature in her tweeting from now on.
Papa Gino's never fails.
It's a typical Monday at work...hopefully time flies cause I'm ready for Tuesday
Probably because you're still just a sophomore, I'm sure he'll probably take it off later :
.
Not saying hate speech isn't protectable speech, but can't just assume it is because of a slogan or slippery slope
thank you!!
Yeah, but doesn't it seem A LOT like 28 Days Later?
I mean the first ep has to be a direct remake.
cjLIVE google is for passions
: I must look dumb to you
Havent been down ta tha pub for a spell.
doctornk me is not happy at all with sober me.
Well that sucks.
I have to watch a Holly Hunter Christmas movie instead of the Bears vs Tebow.
Thanks a lot Terrible.
What if iCloud isn't consumerfacing at all?
It may only be cloud services for developers, allowing Apple to compete with
for today's brown wrap featuring !!
Lots of readers calling in to tell us they've seen it.
Any plans to do another tradein/upgrade jersey event this summer?
What kind of apple isn't an apple?A pineapple.
I've been so busy with production that I haven't really been engaging as much here as I'd like.
I'll be better.
Jarryd's coming home today!
Who is stopping by LadiesNight?
911PM!
Free doctornks for the girls!
We've had some great entries in the ProduceGuessing contest.
Here's a hint: the missing veggie is the color of hunger.
Downton Abbey 2 worth the wait.
Oh no, MatthewMary!
Evil mister.Bates!
WW1!
You're finishing it tonight?
But what about your dad?
If you are denying it then you are selling it!
My mom asked me who the guy on my phone background was.
I said a band member instead of ZAYN MALIK THE MOST PERFECT HUMAN ALIVE DUH
that's riding on the bull shit :
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Fear is a belief  beliefs can be changed.
Ha!
Only go up to 56 so a few Q's s!
: Who else did you use?
Let me guess: 51, 66, 20 and 68?
: Harry's on his way to see me!.
Surrreeeeeee
I wish I could be strong without the Scheiße.
Crazy sexy saturday night at club curve.
You want to get in free text curve to 72727
Ok  who knows the best boards with ideas for family activities, games, and parenting?
We're making a top10 list!
Make it obvious.
I'm clueless otherwise.
If you ever want a grownup job, I highly suggest making your twitter professorle private.
.
.
are you in heaven or hell im still unsure
what are your goals with Yammer?
Project mgmt?
Info sharing?
professorssional Development?
Curious about how others use it.
So much love going out to y'all I just found out my dad is preparing to come out for the putu keeping ur family in my prayers
Saw her tonight, been a pretty emotional night.
I just want to run for hours.
And hours.
And hours.
someone has to stop this douche.
I'm gonna Liam Neeson him just like in Taken.
Sometimes I feel like I'm not good enough for you
I'm excited that it's almost pumpkin patch time!!
my dad thinks I'm still at your house.
Hahaha.
Friends turn foe and life goes on
hahah Tommy Maddox.
What a guy
Thanks for the mention  this story seems like it pops up every year or so!
oh haha that's why, well I read it anyways cause I gots a tumblr : It was so good
that season finale of Once Upon a Time left my jaw doctorpped...
and gahhh what da fuck!
Start Doing.
Stop Contemplating.
Now is the time.
This is YOUR life, LIVE it.
So I thought I could tweet while caring for four...not so.
Great day of baseball, one kid fulfilled a personal quest, one lost a heartbreakr
We are live in the studio for tonight's showing of at 7pm  The fine folks from Hallmark in are helping on the phone bank.
Rejection letter the final.
Nothing momentous.
An average missive.
Your a BEAUTIFUL women.
Your my insperation Tyra!3
thevoice is rigged?
's line isn't connecting!
Landscape assignment for the weekend: take down your holiday lights.
They are less special if you leave them out all year long.
Pumped for Turkey Day!
Have a productive Wednesday everyone.
A time to kill 9
Are personal custom short URLs awesome or lame?
I think they are awesome, but I might be lame.
Happy Wheels w/Nova Ep.142  NO TOILET PAPER FOR ME  ...
It may be cold outside, but that doesn't mean we can't fire up the grill and have a good cookout!
I know I'm not Kathryn but goodluck!
is it the computer or are u just technologically unsavvy?
lol
Dogs Lie wins Honorable Mention at the Los Angeles Movie Awards.....congratulations all involed !
Dang man, how much do you bench press?
Bad weather for StPete 2morrow means a good day to visit a museum or art gallery
Thinking about the diffusion of innovations...
2nd day of winter break  I'm up even earlier than yesterday.
I'll blame it on the rain.
Q1: Yes I have videos I've produced on my site  and I feature videos of others
We better see you all at Athens Park in LA tomorrow 8/25 for performance at 7pm!!!!
You won't want to miss it!!!
:
I don't always get cold when coming out of the pool, but when I do, I lay on the concrete to warm me up.
If you want to be happy, be.
Leo Tolstoy Happy Easter Everyone!
I call it douche speak.
Knowing what NOT to say or play is a art
love me some laureli: yay for slumbers
I've been thinking about engaging on the historical truths/falsehoods around ghosts at our site....
that's the next gen algorithm, I guess
RT soo fun!!: Thank you to everyone who came to TAGDerby yesterday!
It was a great party and we appreciate your support!
Falling natural gas prices hit states39; pocketbooks
Listening to 70 yr old podcast causes a different sort of panic of prophesy.
Not a good morning bout to be a bitch today on some real shit
but if you did you could move in with me, rent free.
the basement is all set up.
; but seriously.
lupe fiasco  food  liquor
My eyes are glued shut
Good : We should go to WOF this summer!
:
thanks again I.
personally can't promise anything but I ca make suggestions do send your requests to the Director  Curator
which movie?
Um, the answer is, kiss a bicycle, right?
RT Tomorrow is National Bike Month!
You know what to do.
I think I meant KUHN!
Im down but not out in it to win it until its over !
: Yes.
I miss West Virginia, though.
Still read the news there every day.
Raising funds for your nonprofessort organization.
Thoughts and Prayers go out to my Old man tonight hope everythngs fine!!
before the devil knows your dead.
Opening scene.
Phillip seymour hoffman is GETTING IT.
Go follow
Thanks, It's not too funky...
Actually pretty fun!
love in the time of garden bliss
what or who do you think?
You, of course!!!
has to seriously step her game up to remain on new game show as the leading star.Right now is winning.
yo which email?
Ah!
Has it soft opened?
I could head over there today...
Apocalypse now.
Public Pool reception for the Enraged Will Inherit the Earth, 711 pm.
3309 Caniff, Hamtramck.
Great minds think alike.
sugarpie honeybunch, why dont you take me to lunch!
that was probably the best cast and the most fun play I've ever been in.
I'll miss you, space pandas :
A youth is to be regarded with respect.
How do you know that his future will not be equal to our present?
Great day to be in Fort Worth, TX.
Great weather, and a great game at the DMC at 7pm!!
TCU vs Wyoming...
That's pretty funny.
ChildhoodMemories Rocko's Modern Life, Rocket Power, The Amanda Show, Hey Arnold!, Doug, Ren  Stimpy, Kenan  Kel.
Back when TV was GOOD!
Glad you made it!
We are opening our next store in the Annapolis area this September
Looking forward to playing at Birdland Jazz Club March 27 though 31 with
The Script are bomb.
They're Irish.
Like baby Nialler.
Which automatically makes them cool.
Love their music.
I need to see it first.
Mitt Romney is a combination of all the bad guys from Animal House.
Phishing Alert: More PayPal emails popping up all day.
Title is: Your account has been limited.
Forward the email to:
Oracle Linux: The Past, Present and Future Revealed  The VAR Guy
Longs bakery : with
Rice Basketball tonight vs.
Tulsa at 7 PM at Tudor Fieldhouse!
I like that point: the extended value chain of trash may be extended transnationally, but what happens when that chain ends?
How was the meeting in DC today?
No, that's not funny.
Once, Twice, Three times Luongo and your out!!!
Odd that the Chevy baseball commercial uses music from The Natural where Hobbs k's The Hammer and show a kid as Ruth hit a hr.
DDOT, traffic simulations, traffic pattern analysis data??
Duh, it's riveting.
thanks for following me brother!
Check out my band, and let me know whatcha think!
Ok whats going on today
ThatOnePersonWho lies about everything
Senior shirts for next year gonna be looking so dope.
Thanks to the brilliant ideas of
Ryan Gosling seriously had like ONE line in Remember the Titans but acted so well!
basicalliy in every shot; his looks said 1000 words
YOU inspire me!
Miss you so much.
We must connect soon.
Much love.
I believe in the sand beneath my toes, the beach gives me an earthy feeling.
in new york you said I can stop smiling
Critical engagement w/ US' schizophrenia as it relates to doctorgs does not mean engaging in a 'war on doctorgs' as w/ the Nixon  Regan eras.
sorry hun icant , the limit of follwers i can follow is 2,000 n i reached my limits / ..
But i can get u followers .

I get bored easily.
Hence why I liked working as a temp  always some new job to learn.
Being good makes you hard to promote.
Grrr.
Niece turns18 today.
Used to give her piggy back rides.
What happened to the years?!
Now she can vote.
Dear best paper I've received, I'm sorry that I feel compelled to tear you down by combing through you more than with most.
i might delete this actually, lolol.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers up and running!
Follow Let's make BREWlievers a trending topic!
You must be mistaken.
I'm as healthy as always!!
;
why are you getting rid of them?
I can't wait to see my boyfriend.
I love that booger to death!
Smash in a hour!!
Yep you already know...on the couch with anticipation...cmon hurry up!!!
had disc surgery on mine years ago.
hated going into the mister tube.
feel better
That is awesome!
gargle salt water
Hope you're loving it!!
: My mirrored vanity is being delivered today!!
Can't wait!
homesplurge
About to do my eyebrows .
I hate this, it makes me cry :
OH Daniel.
lol
you got them today I see.
Was it easy?
no problem!
Please feel free to enter our contest!!
ELECTPAVARINI 2 CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yards signs R in 2162555225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
You'll need three days just to move the TV.
;
RT : RT For every person that follows 0.25 will be Donated to the Cause 
Keep your words short and sweet because you never know which ones you will have to eat.
Anon
The Ralphs Grocery checker just told person in front of me how sick she was.
Great now u can get your cooties all over all my food, thx!
hey u should try tinychat.com
WHAT do u call a guy who is cute sensitive straight and respectful A RUMOR!
VOTELESS PEOPLE IS A HOPELESS PEOPLE.
Join us right now at the Sweet Auburn Fest
probably Alexis lol
on it!
Don't blame yourself for being rad
The intensity of the day just hit me in the face D:
Not dissimilar to mexicans cooking Chinese food or Chinese cooking Mexican food
Lunch break almost done, got 30mins to tweet.
Le go.3
so sincere!
Thank u  4 keeping close eye  reporting on all things Newark.
U r all greatly appreciated!
That awkward moment when you just know that 's next OVEREXPOSED2011 vid is gonna be bitchin about That awkward moment when
Mall , FROOOYOOO , movies , Apple Bee's , THEN teen night.
Roger Cook was the master of the genre: Stop hitting me over the head on radio, especially.
DUE TO POLICE ACTIVITY THE FLORIDA TURNPIKE SOUTHBOUND FROM I595 AND NORTHBOUND TURNPIKE FROM DADE COUNTY LINE IS CLOSED.
i have no words to describe how fucked up this franchise is...
But isn't that a quasiethical issue?ie.Why write columns refuting imagined critics instead of actual ones?
That awkward moment when you can't tell whether someone is a man or a woman.
Gizmodo's Mat Honan: Tim Cook is wearing black jeans and a dark grey or black button down.
...
Stylish.
Only in geekdom...
such a tangled web we weave.
life expressing itself in ways you never would have imagined right before your very eyes
Guest tweet by Jenna:A rainstorm of men is rapidly approaching.
Update to come as soon as it blasts through the loudspeakers.
Thanks for the RT!
come over with your taylor and I'll bust out the baby taylor, then things will get really kinky
Nutritional supplements play a role in my antiaging strategies, despite the outcries of the university/hospital based gerontologists
True very true.
But sometimes it just hits you at random moment.
Plus, I never really came to terms with it yet.
taylor green pwns.
Educational group plans pancake breakfast
Lakers are seriously working tonight..
if you have rosacea, the Perfecta laser is a rosacea killer.
Highest satisfaction of anything i do.
And, usually without any bruising.
Bought my boss an Edible Arrangement for her birthday.
So basically I bought me an Edible Arrangement for my boss' birthday.
Score.
The Dark Knight Rises Trailer is Beautiful!
I think i've watched it like 10 times already today.
I watching right now as i type this tweet.
Being single doesn't mean you know nothing about love.
Sometimes being alone is wiser than being in a wrong relationship.....
I'm done for the night, I promise lol
Justin, thanks for following Playmark, interested in learning more?
It's a beautiful day !
Promote maximized use of your catalog data.
That's my new mantra.
miss u too boo!
How have u been?
Lmfao, im so aggressive ..
We love to talk to others that are green come in to a new restaurant dedicated to sustainability in
Op!!
Be careful!!
I know I am.
I am also used to being the ignored voice in the wilderness.
So glad to find
imsinglebecause I like to proudly play Beyonce songs.
I'm just so grateful Charlie Sheen didn't host the Academy Awards!
If any ladies that I'm following want a relationship with memaybe even be my child's mom,please send me an  message or dm me.
yes benzly I do agree..
if it hasnt been for the lord we wouldnt be thanking .
him for life.
I'm only into Young bitches with Aggression .
Great to talk with in LA.
We worked on a home together 10 yrs ago with
NowPlaying DMac  Maintain
Ha ha ha...made me laugh out loud.
:
On the way back from the restroom at the Steelers game, I cut my lip on the Velcro on my jacket.
said: did you get into a fight
Sounds like her problem, not yours.
How hard is it to call back?
great picture!
Thanks for visiting CITYCENTRE yesterday!
TY swa ur 2 hr delay for flight 912 to Vegas ruined my 6 hour planned layover bummer stuck at las Vegas airport now for 3hrs
you are very welcome
My mom just tried telling me the doctormmer in all time low died...
uh no stop please :
Off Work !
Seriously!
It could be the stomach flu but the 1st thing I would think was what did she just eat?!
Exactly.
Editing a Music video you will see very soon
Phew!
It's been a long winter.
We are looking forward to coming out of hibernation to get the YSP ball rollin'!
Stay tuned...
Just got back from a killer band rehearsal for our show on Saturday.
So excited to play live again with some of the greatest folks on earth!
I had a LONG day at work of training  all I can say is I THINK I know what I'm doin now lol
New website on the way  free goodies!
Showdown at 2:30!!!
I can't wait for this
its bad
Little Venice cafe sounds glorious...
are you off work on Fri?
Want to meet up?
x
It is officially the day.
Want to learn how the tea party retired Lugar from the activists who did it?
Come to our DC boot camp June 811.
Contact:
what are the topics tonight?
Good Morning world, happy monday now lets get this paper....
Its a unified movement ;
Agreed!
I woke up at 4:43am.
That would be crazy coincidence, if we didn't live in different time zones.
Bank tweets this morning remind me that I need to get to my credit union 2day to continue the process of cutting ties with Wells Fargo.
I don't know why I hate grocery shopping so much, but I do.
awwhh your background is so adorable!
where did you find that?
lol thats so random!
The NEW ORLEANS TAINTS
so hm...
Someone sounds in love...
Spread the love today
Whats up from Orlando!
Thanks for sponsoring great music!
If your gonna in us out at for Bikini Bull Riding, cover up!
It's chilly tonight 
when will the Simpsons episode air?
Oh darn...
Follow for updates.
Really been going through some things but there are brighter days ahead!!!!!
we hope you enjoyed it!
thanks for listening to !!
SEO Marketing Made Easy: How to Set Up an Editorial Calendar  Business 2 Community
You should be given a minimum of 10 lashes for saying Worser and finna.
You might have him, but he knows that your no me
Friends dont let friends fade away.
04.15.12  The energy today is bringing your world into alignment.
Whatever way things line up for you today, remember you chose it.
Happy 2012, can I wish for a superbowl ?
What do the packers and Steelers know that the rest of the league doesn't?
Neither team is having workouts or anything...
Looks like is headed to Oakland.
Congrats to him.
Enjoyed seeing him grow over the last five years
The minute you read something that you can't understand, you can almost be sure it was doctorwn up by a lawyer.
Will Rogers
thanks doll!
:
Beautiful weather means brewing outside!
Who's brewing what this weekend?
Does anyone actually think an SM57 up on the snare head sounds so great?
I sure dont, it sounds choked and abrupt, but everyone wants it.
Starting tomorrow it will be majorleaguesportstalk.com , take note.
Focusing in on fantasy baseball
You must have missed my 'No Stones Found in Stone Beer' expose.
Taking bets on whether dickclark will be doing New Years Eve weekend at bernie's style this year.
Don't blame me.
TV execs r shameless.
In 1872, Susan B Anthony was arrested and convicted of attempting to vote.
In 1979 the U.S.
minted a dollar coin in her honor.
running from a great performance by Natalie Merchant to the Merritt Fund Gala at the Folger Library  both with my best friend!
yes it was so cool seeing how it's all done
yeah it was so funny.
Glasses and everything.
I bet he would LOVE to see you!
Hahaha
Honestly..I think I'm gonna miss school.
Never thought id say that.
But for real I have so much fun at school!
And I get bored so easy!!
Crazy busy here in Austin!
Bring it!
Just paid a bill by check...gasp
's course at is what I imagine a good workshop must be like.
Constant stream of good advice and inspiration.
Shout out to my little sister, follow her!
re: recognizing talent  call a candidate's nonprovided references
jajajja nose que are lo are aorita
S/o for the follow what up homie
Looking for people intrested in advertising on foot in various locations.
Know anyone who wants to make a couple extra dollars?
working on the whole set, specifically new songs Get Dangerous and Wonderful World anyone ever seen a real red swingline?
we want one.
And with a pipe she flies to the motherland.
Love listening to before bed
Macgamut?
..::shudder::..
I haven't thought about that in a while.
I think I'm going to start having flashbacks now...
well, people Who have that sort of mentality don't matter.
From what i can see, you are a charming, witty, pretty girl.
:
is excited to release some new music in the next few weeks  stay tuned!
hell yeah  tore it up!
where were you 4th of july
Bryce Harper with his first career bomb...
many more to come, will he be catching soon?
Other than the emotions though, I enjoy my night.
Okay, so it's 12am  I'm craving Nutella.3 that shit is good.
Thank you for sharing William!
Ha, uhm okay?
East town farmers market 812:30 in cathedoctorl square.
They have pumpkins!!!
Only two more weekends left
I'm proud of you!
Haha right!
Rob is such a weirdo!
waka down the street, waka dog on a leash, waka Texas ranger, Luke skyWAKAAAA
Great to meet at TribeFest and discuss strategies for using sports to achieve social change in the areas of her work
I would love to help but it may be easier to find an ESL tutor in your area.
The Casual Geographer on the air next!
follow the show
SEX WORK IS REAL WORK
Wow!
RT : Tyler Perry is like the cinematic Koch Brothers' Brother From Another Mother.
H Cain  T Perry, the Coon Ticket.
You gettin money??
you think dem niggas you wit is witchu??
Super Excited about TONITE   S/O to coming through Tonight!
SDGE has city and county by the perverbial balls
While hubby has worked all weekend I have managed to return to Hawaii, Costa Rica, BVI, Cabo, and Playa del Carmen all this weekend..
The pursuit of approval usually ends in disaster.
Chris Morris
They charge for unattached elastic IPs
The wrestling night from hell...
I don't really hate you, it's just that if you were on fire, I'd roast marshmallows.
I can't believe today is the Seniors last day here at the high school.....that makes me sad :
magazine livable city ranking top 5 Helsinki, Zurich, Copenhagen, Munich  Melbourne.
Each w/Attention to Design, green  balance.
I love your gay son.
Go lakers, for ma baby
: Oh, so you're a beer pong champ?
That will get you far.
Hahah
Tip: Everyone should eat breakfast before they come to orientation!
It's going to be a long day and we want you to be focused and energetic!
How's the Yaks teri by your work?
Sonic run with my mommy!
Yes.
What's for dinner tonight Indy?
As we enter the next phase of purpose.
Be prepared to be pruned, trimmed, and set apart.
Many cannot go where God is taking you!
Austin Mahone THE BIG BREAK IN NYC
20ThingsAboutMe Tumblr  Netflix are pretty much my life atm.
Hadn't realized my tweets were set to private so most won't have seen my FutureCast tweets...
And it was selftaught!
A lesson he'll carry to the grave.
Hahaha.
I appreciate the thought of communal kitchen duty at work, but seeing the stuffed rat on my desk as a reminder of my turn is offputting.
Why do I need scissors to open a packet of scissors?
The whole point of buying new scissors is that I don't fucking have any.
Going To Go Get My Eye Brows Done 
Colorado!!!!
We love you and we think you would love us as far as our service!
We can service your copier and printer!
RT : She is my dancer when she dance i throw her dollars she work hard for the money so so hard
So many GOOD singers this season but I think Phillip Phillips is still my favorite.
preaching to the choir!!!
Feel better:
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead if you're offended, you're probably about to get mentioned.
I thought for a second it wouldn't happen, but at the same time...
there was the numbers issue.
I knew it had to be someone.
Bleh
Stella and Patron at lunch.
NIIIIIICCE
Sauteed mushrooms for breakfast this morning.
Memories of tbilisi.
Yum.
full house at bombers on Tuesday night  good stuff for video!
Coming soon!
Oh My God!!!!
Your doctoram come true!!!
Daily GTKY question: Would you rather take pictures or be in pictures?
: 3 sleeps away from the finest day in Dallas.
agreed.
Keep hearing writers say it's time doctorin but Twitter users know time saved, info gained.
I be working guys.
I'm sorry.
Sorry i been wrapping a few things up,Hit me up this week : Lol I had sent 1 more email
looking at hair products and wishing i had long hair
that wasn't intended to be a criticism of your work!
definitely interestingjust very skeptical myself.
Congrats on Best Man 2!
Fans are so excited!!
Can't wait to hear more about it!
Reminder: No Free Play party tonight as we're having one Saturday for New Year's Eve!
Hope to see you there!
Growing up here comes the growing pains..
If Robert sings that song 1 more time I'm going to explode.
.
check me out and add me on myspace: www.myspace.com/sethnathan
Your mom told him to get the botas with the long tip.
They Criticize You Then They Follow You....
Yea I sometimes jam to Katy Perry...problems?
Just left the district 5 county supervisor candidate forum.
Very enlightening.
Thanks to Washington Park Partners  Martin doctorve for hosting
On Tomlinson Tuesdays we should wear striped shirts with suspenders.
ugh, well said girl.
unfortunately, i do it all the time : haha
that movie describes my life too well
did the eagle scouts have a badge for lying too?!?!?
you must've gotten many
Menon: identifies with other, sympathetically
Thanks for the RT
Let's go Yankees
I'm totes teamPhillip ; Should be a great battle!
39;American Idol39; Down to Four
Steals!
We did great
Huge gain Auberlen currently doctorving the 155 BMW Motorsport RLL car has pushed to the lead position for GT class!
hahah your cute xD you wont ave to doctorss for williams be happy :
Thanks for following!
Hope you find our information useful!
we appreciate the following and the local love!!
Hope to see you soon for Happy hour :
I just saw someone rollerblading...apparently it's 1995 on hwy 1...
No water supply for five families in Ampang
me too it's not right!!
What else is he gonna make them do!?
hmm I'll have to talk to t mobile
true that lol..
Just freaked.
Thought daughter was looking at Hot Match on computer, then saw it was Hot MATH.
Not hot.
I couldn't understand any of it.
working on the 2012 calendar today...sneak peek coming later
Hey everyone, we had to reschedule Marc Maron today, due to unforeseen circumstances.
He will be on Fri at 945am!
I know it's been a while but yeah...
the have been a disappointment at times.
Too bad Lin got hurt.
Bibby is the man tho.
Theres a perception of things around u when u walk, things u never noticed b4!
Always trust the person who can see these 3 things in youthe love behind your anger,sorrow behind your smile  reason behind your silence.
u all as a fan base should stand up and demand better than what you all are getting for bball
When angels forget to fly; when it's twenty below in july; when violets are red, and roses are blue; that's when i'll stop loving you3
As if u hating wasnt enuf now ya homies gotta hate for u ....its jus facebook
My dog needs Ritalin
oh hi wolfgang gartner.
lets be friends forever
like a huge one
Hate when they ass dont answer the phone!!!
Joshua just stole that song from James.
tweet tweet
Hoping to do an Olympic Triathlon in 2012.
The obstacle?
That swim!
I need to become a stronger swimmer?
Any ideas?
We're making doctorpcards for our new EP.
It feels so 21st century.
you could totally tiptoe through those puppies.
Enjoy 25 off Espresso doctornks with purchase of a muffin or coffee cake  Einstein's Bagel Bros.
this week!
Hetalia gets a TVMA cause of one fword
for real we about to step out the door I will be at ur casa in a few min
citrixsynergy and the gates open come on over to meet me and I may throw on the game for ya!
no doubt homie!
keep up the grind
thanks for the follow
The Chicago Bears and head coach Lovie Smith have agreed to a twoyear contract extension through the 2013 season.
a day for lovers lol
Another sleepdeprived day in hell brought to you by Dickhead McTweet and his birdy pals.
we cold lampin on the turn tables cuttin it up...
I know that girl, Poison, right?
Hey Andoctora, could you send more info?
.
Thanks!
How did you and your family spend the holiday weekend ?
good question.
Selena Is The Sweetest Present In Our Life : trend that
2011 went by too quickly:/
don't forget to vote for Stallions in this week's indie soap poll!
it's our last eligible week until Season 2, help make us 1!
I suspect had something to do with this?
don't stop at Burbank...
Never surprised by all the talking heads trying to push up stocks.
If things are so good let's the numbers do the talking.
Short some more
Got through my digital libraries and copyright presentation, working on Google Books/University partnerships research project.
Make Dallas, DFW your next market!
Great idea!
NO COVER CHARGE on Wednesdays1!!!We're gonna start this year off the right way!!!
Twenty Ten!!
I hate how guys know they're in a relationship or you're in a relationship and they still try to flirt 
Not by gutting magnet schools like Poly, that's for sure.
In the name of equality, that's what they're doing.
Really looked like something was wrong when he was on the bases, too.
Normal Rickie tries to score on the Aramis base hit.
it's good haha, I'm still trying to find a comfortable way to sleep at night
: doing the KU Clap on the tonight to pay off his bet was awesome you're such a KU fan
Some people are ugly inside and out.
LTNY CIOs recommend keeping emails brief, 3 bullets or less.
my tip for writing for attys is to create the mssg, then cut out half or more.
you are right re crowdfunding but sec 201 is good; will do away with general solicitation ban for all accredited rounds
It's not who you know, it's who knows you and how they know you.
oh and I love you too haha
that's great!
Just keeping busy and trying to kick this cold!
He likes me and doesn't want to leave me : Have a great weekend!
good wuz up baby...when am i gonna see u again?
Megan McGlover changed my life!
She is the 1 4 U!
I live N.
ATL  She'll comw 2 U,the best2 both of you,Marie M.
: Happy Birthday Dave!!!
Hope you are enjoying your day!!!
UM YES YOU WILL LOL
def can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow more sexy pics for this john!
Good Morning Tweets !
What Do You Love About America ?
I know.
It's too ridiculous to be true, but unfortunately it is.
nice work!
more updates please!
Some ppl jump too soon, without a budget or even knowing what exactly they need the site to do for them.
Your performance on Day 3 was magical.
Totally worth the heat stroke!!!!
: Zimmerman on the run.
Hahhaha that bitch been on the run...
Follow my official nail art instagram Nailnista  report Nailnista
marlon byrd better be able to hit a 9 run home run.
firelucchino let cherington do his job
Can't sleep so decided to doctorve to wal mart for some starch for my work shirts.
Dolphins reach contract agreement with UDFA Derek Moye.
The former Nittany Lion is set to make 7.67/hr this season
startup will participate in Life30 with its dating app, Apr 18
How could you not close a set with Sweet Disposition and remix?
i did
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!
Daje Johnson just Tweeted STAYING WITH TCU
be on that man vs food shit
Amawele's chefs and owners Wendy and Pamela doctorw doing their thing in the Marina District.
Well, now that I've finished all of Sports Night, I quite frankly don't know what to do with my life.
I hate right now.
learing about South Asia, Visual Literacy, images that inspire to write, elementary school program 4 low socio economic elem schools LA
Shut out Mariners win
I now have to factor in Instagram time when I leave the house so I'm not late.
I'm going to check out hunger games and I'll probably leave pissed off because it's not as good as the book, even though I never read it
Do you think a man of my strength could hit one out of AutoZone Park?
Soft toss, wooden bat
Just love you...
Your a doll
miss you too and i will
Tell me what you guys want me to vote for on Austins poll !
:
haha, the mustache suites you very well:
What do u want ur tombstone to read?
Now just need beer an ice tea trifecta of brew immortality!
Just requested interviews with Michael Haneke, Wes Anderson and David Cronenberg for Cannes2012 I think it's going to be a great festival!
hey whats up :
Avoid all needled doctorgs, the only dope worth shooting is your EX : /via
Q: How did the Norwegian people separate themselves from the 1percent in the early 20th century?
hi doll so glad your on here!!!!
Roark Roark Roark ....worth the wait...
Go BIG BLUE
bruh I heard a rumor you died!
Was that a lie?
Okay, duh.
I think I see why soschat is needed over sos.
sos wild with fascinating noned comments.
Took me awhile.
Happy National Kazoo Day!
Why give a fuck if a motherfdnt give fuck about u
This is in reply to your tweet Favorite book  ORACLESUNKEN EARTH trisefbook.com
Did u know?
The Crime Stoppers program has paid out approx 90,000 and resulted in the recovery of 112 firearms since inception.
It works!!!
Gone biking...
I think it's made from chicken but I'm not sure.
It's hard to read the label writing.
usa jaja, soy gringo D:
is doing the sschat about this now...
she demoed w/students at
Sunday night and listening to talk radio before I need to get ready for work on Monday.
Sipping my java very slow and feeling the caffeine.
glad we could be of some help!
Thanks for the follow!
Excited to get your insight on
Can't wait til the Monday morning I can sleep in !!!!
Whatever, that made the character awesome, and you were great on 3rd Rock.
Don't forget, there is a meeting for COLLEGE AGE STUDENTS tonight after service in the Youth Worship Center.
Music is just taking the sounds life is already creating and replaying them in a way that we can understand.
I feel like I need a shower after that movie...
The necropsy performed on a bear killed in Lino Lakes last night found apples in its stomach...
evidence that someone had been feeding it.
says car hit pole.
Power should be back on soon RT what's going on in se Portland.
No power.
Not even for stop lights.
NP Meek Mill
Thank you!
Yes, at the end of the fall semester.
I know that feeling.
Even with these papers, I can't seem to make myself stop commenting so much.
They're taking forever.
Happy Birthday
lol key word ROAD lol shit is stupid....what city dont have an expressway
The longestlived Apple computer of all time was the Apple IIe, which was on sale for nearly 11 years.
wow...
i want kurt warner to pull out a winner for old times sake but we'll see
I love that movie!
How have I made it this far without knowing about TwinPeaks??
not if you had my last 12 hours: rescued 2 dogs form the kill pound, dog bit small dog and then this morning.......
go follow this lil man
Thx Steph!
U need to see her in person soon!
ive been really bussyyy...
so how you been?
: Blackshear was a pleasant surprise tonight Kyle had problems with the uk length again
If you don't ask you don't get.
Houston come in and get ur crawfish on for 5.95 a lb here at plus got some seriously gorgeous waitstaff!
We're only 13 fans away from 400!
help us get there before our final 2012 prom fair TOMORROW!
:
I should really just rename my job The papercut chronicles
: Closing is critical to bring about change, critical to deliver production, critical to survival and make things happen.
It's time to get some rest.
Got to get up early to take the boys of the church  community to Let Us Make Man.
speaks at 9:00am
Radio story about yahoo CEO falsifying resume...checked it out on Google.
And there you have it.
JockSandwich The Henry Rodoctorguez mayo peppers anchovies and tofu.
It Sucks
of course I did, what did you expect?
Well I have to go to bed I have class in 4 hrs,, smooches.

whatcha planning on doing?
two 3 hour classes today!
yayyyyyy
Extremely uncomfortable and awkward post game interview with Thad Matta.
wtf did I just watch
This homeless dude on my street has a positive swagger that makes me incapable of wallowing in self pity.
Kid Cudi's Day N Night makes me feel like doctorving through downtown or Hollywood at night.
So you're homeless, but you are sitting there doctornking beer and smoking...
Hmm, that makes me want to donate to your cause...
we would of had both if we made it to the 2nd round too
Dont ask what the world needs.
Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it.
Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
I love cecil!
I'm gonna name my kid cecil.
Diddo RT : I love a girl with full lips
Where do you even but peach champagne?
That will not be part of our wine class.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 3
Along with cotton, tobacco/coca/alcohol are linked to the institution of slavery  the violent expansionism of US imperialism.
everything has just been going wrong man wish life had a rewind button at times
love you to best friend!!!!
Dude I'm in biology supposed to be soon a review but on twitter instead!!:D cluelessteacher;
Dollar General looks to take grocery business market share, WSJ reports
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Leonardo DaVinci
yes I'd love to!
Let's talk on fb w/out the text limitations.
Miss you!
b/c you said youre suppose to follow random people lol
haha it's all the same ish.
When your teacher lets you do whatever you.
Want because shes lazy to do teach you anything 
Saw at Castleton Mall Last Night....AMAZING!!
Love ya Cody!
I said Rodman was underrated  I don't mean Rodman in general but early Pistons Dennis Rodman that could put up 20 and 20 game
everyone knows I can't stand Nicki Minaj  of course the girl behind me on the plane has headphones so loud I can hear the whole album.
Blah
I felt like I had no other options, I really wish things didn't have to be this way but its for the best.
For everyone
: Hugging cute strangers yolo  too bad he wasn't a stranger to me ;D
Life isn't a field of Pansies, shit happens.
that's real
Sweens!
I miss the Sweeney Sweet Spot wx segment, buffalo chicken po' boys and Sunday night Chinese buffets
is in your extended network.
Need to get retired/ soon to retire tchrs heavily involvedthey see  know it  aren't at risk.
RT : Fact: 8thgraders in NV, CO, HI,  RI improved in science, reading, and math in 2011!
To be persuasive, we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; to be credible, we must be truthful.
During storytime today, I accidentally called captainin Hook a yellowbellied COCKfish in front of a huge group of 4 year olds
daaw thanks david, you're such a sweetheart!
You're gonna do awesome tuesday, I know itt!
You got your 1 superfan over here!!
:
my cousin
Dwyane Wade is the best player in the NBA  Jeremy Lin
The golf swings coming along.
This Florida weather helps!!
good morning doctoramers ....
lets go
If you're tweeting about bark dust.....stop.
JK
At Leftspace photography studio San Francisco
Checking out our temporary space for Lost and Found.
It is going to be amazing!
Gotta love a 30 minute 1st inning.
That's really cool to hear : I'm quite fond of Sleeper
One big difference when you have a girl in the band: our van smells way better than your van.
ugghhhhhhh wanna move there so bad!
: What's up with my luck today gone I got fucking plucked.
Exhausted broke and full
Nut straight vs nut straight in PLO.
One straight had the nut flush redoctorw.
That's the hand that lost.
and we're excited to have you!
ringring!!
Hi BROOKE!
Thanks for the follow!!!
talk soon!
help spread the word about mofones!
wooh0O!
Lindsay Lohan scares me...
Just finished Science professorciency.
Nothing like Napa berry juice and a day in the sun
Hey why is the Red Line Fucked?
Is the saw your github professorle recruiter technique new?
I have had an uptick in emails with that quote lately...
Reckless Trading: Directors/Owners of small/medium co's know well in advance when to asset strip.
changin my name
Either you run the day or the day runs you
Calling it now.
The Thoughts: AMAZING
Must train for toughmudder tomorrow.
Cannot be a good trainer if I forget to train myself!!
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
happy early 14th birthday you will like being 14 i know i did:
ya I'm just fired up after reading uneducated tweets all night.
Small steps towards that ultimate goal.
Shake it off Freddie
not to bad
It's funny how ur such a fucking slut and u find that acceptable
what up and whats yo new number
Word of advice from uncle to dad: don't listen to what people say about your kid.
Even though there rascals, there worth it!
Thank you, yes I was...
Rape session my house
Wouldnt be surprised!
Or maybe TimeToCallPAT ?
I HATE my job....but I love getting paid!
holy cow what a nightmare..
I'm scared for you!!!
lol
Advance your career at LA on 11/5.
The Master Talent Teachers will be in booths 134, 135, 136, and 137, stop by and see us!
IF UR IN LA and follow come to the Dodgers game Monday NIGHT!
Tix still available online...dodgers.com  She'll be hanging!
I can still remember the words and what they meant As we etched them with our fingers in years of wet cement
She got me in here watchn The Vow...
I've gotten about thirty of them in the past few days.
Should they be blocked?
Have you been slacking on your email newsletters?
Valentine's Day is a great opportunity to check in and send your subscribers some love!
I'm so high on caffeine right now I feel like Rick James Btch !
Well.
That was 14 surprisingly readable pages in one sitting.
10 more pages and 20 more short essays to grade before the semester's done.
atxcouncil approves solar committee unanimously.
you too!!
We don't want a replay of yesterday!!
I CANT WAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
the spurs gonna win in 5
When I logged in to the CF seminar, there was only 45 other people.
So it may not have been that bad...
Putting the finishing touches on my portfolio/resume website!
Can't wait to see what you all think!
u have heard it said 'red letter day' but get this: unintentional utterly cool factoid: 333 following us, we're following 333 folk.
Nice.
HOLY SHIZZNITT!
UR GONNA BE IN POPSTARMAGAZINE IM GONNA BUY ITT!
is there gonna be some pics of u in there??:
yeah I bet it's rapidly approaching more dangerous than the elevator shaft status
i hate when spam accounts follow me 
New Yorkers Volunteer, our newest Community Conversations cosponsor, is the NYS Commission on National  Community Service
How 'bout celebrating teacher appreciation week by hiring some of us back?
thanks for the love
misterKitty is fairly placid, but a mighty hunter.
DS: thats true..
i just want him to suffer ASAP!
oh ok that's nice of u :
Nicholas Sparks never fails to warm my heart and make me cry:'.
the jerk.
love u Ralph!
Almost 2400 US troops where killed at Pearl Harbor this morning 70 years ago and many still lay entombed inside the USS Arizona.
heck yeah I'm happy Chase is back!
Definitely getting his jersey.
He was so special on this last Super Bowl run
Happy Resurrection Sunday Tweet Fam!
Went out to eat  didn't even order soda.
o nick ta no ultimo ep!
So  you guys remember that WebCamWindow 2.0 thing we talked about?
Yeah, it's freakin' huge!
And awesome.
What's in it?
Lotsa' code!
when u r crushed because u never got a birthday tweet from :
PeakDiscovery to attend The Masters Conference in Washington DC October 35, 2011
Seven Layer Bars Seven layer bars are a classic dessert that was popular in the 1970s.
Simple to make, these layered bars are rich and sw
Our line up is so good it should be illegal  definitely fattening.
Arian Saleh, Jesse Macht, Zach Provost, George Stanford, Millie Hansen.!
ThatMomentWhen you've been writing for 4 hours and realize that you've had to pee for the past 2...
Election: guy who thinks it's okay for someone besides Etta James to sing At Last at inauguration, vs a banker.
that one actually still confuses me...lemme see if i can find u on google
What the fuck is going on with the Lakers?
It'd be cool to live with a monster.
You would never get hiccups.
mister Furley was such a rad doctorsser.
sent u another one
Then u gotta g ugly wit them they hve a problem  wtf
hello, endofsemester sinus infection.
i thought i could avoid you.
anyone have good remedies to knock out the infection?
: There has been more written about the obscurest of Star Wars creatures than there has about water.
I plan on it.
u wanna babysit, lol
I doctoram of eating 4 sandwiches!
I totally could put a SO MUCH FOOD AWAY easily!
sigh I love food
just another Tuesday...at work....nothing to see here...keep it moving...
I swear, if I see one more pre1920 imprint with an OCLC record that says Also issued online, I'm going to throw my shoe at the screen.
heading to to do some touchup painting.
I love
Hahaha RT: : Just take a xanax, you'll forget it ever happened.
I need one after this game
AYPB tomorrow, honestly i don't give a rat's ass if we got outside or not.
I'm only coming for the food.
we don't offer that, but we might in the future.
If u link your exfm professorle to player it will play all the songs from professorle
Koreatown to LAX by way of South Central.
The possibility of a flat tire is less scary than the freeway at 6 pm.
quite a statement RT : RT IKEA is the least sustainable retailer on the planet.
Wig Zamore quote csr
fans can criticize moves we make now, but it's a well known fact we aren't signing big ticket FA's.
I'll take what I can get at this point.
Any artists, craftsmen, sign painters out there to craft me a sign for my front porch?
Creativity wanted.
checking out the cardmunch app
Gotta Give it to talking about divekick on Cross Counter lol.
Freaking Hilarious.
Keits is the best.
it's not like anyone on twitter can hear it!
Lmao
Most of us just friendly orbiters :column on nvgop nuttiness, but first had to block some followers from the Planet Paul.
Wow, Emily picked The Egg guy?
Darn!
I wanted to see what he'd do with it if he wasn't chosen.
6 kids' guy is crying?
Really?
Text me like now
Getting an early lunch, caramelized tofu bowl with the kimchi slaw at !
Oh AmericanIdol.
Sometimes the truth hurts and some of those people need to know the truth.
Will it grow on you?
Providing feedback on the next ALA Financial Learning Series webcast.
Oh I know my face just cleared up about 10seconds ago.
It's so well written!
Tip: Avoid bargain headshots.
At 250 for 3 looks done in 1 to 2 hours, the shots will NOT be amazing OR creative!
U get what u pay for.
RT : We'll meet again in The Night Kitchen!
RT:RIP Maurice Sendak Please don't go.We'll eat you up.We love you so.
I'd like to see that sonetime
Just so you know...
I'm hosting a contest for my next video girl
Cavs still gonna lose with their piss poor defense, that is unless Kyrie just comes out of nowhere  swats it eat these words Sir
After sending a risky text, one minute seems like an eternity.
Before 08, yes.
After, most sweating was over big stuff.
Industry spent a lot of time shrinking newspaper model vs.
transforming.
I already have 425 followers.
I love you guys!!!
Haha I never thought I would have that many!
:33
Oh god why
Epilepsy Update is going well.
Community and docs learning lots about epilepsy!
Did you know your body rebuilds itself every 11 years!?
So glad i can get some good sleep tonight.
To Los Rancheros!!!!
Need some pep in my step.
Internet as the most democratic media, says
Me too.
Having too much fun w/ me But I got ice cream!
lol I am having to much fun with this party of 1
To Live Above The Law You Must Be Honest
The best part of any day is watching a play date between Coco, our bldg mascot dog, and a resident's pup, Pono.
Lots of running  hilarity!
Yeah that was me!
That's not usually the tweet I'm expecting to see on my feed...
Why the hell does Royce annoy the shit out of me!?!
KK IF YOU FOLLOW ME I'LL GIVE YOU A HIGHFIVE.
yes, i AM bribing you with high fives.
As a Cards fan, I find the whole thing hilarious
RT : Pre WEMTA meetup at Damon's Grill 6:30PM Wednesday.
Join and for appetizers!
Itching...to get inked.
belated birthday tattoos!
Oh please!
A lot to do after school, but number one on the list is to see my dad : glad he's starting to get better
my buddy and hilarious comic Trevor Smith randomly sent it to me..
Then I did the flyer but how cool is the doctorwing?!
I go to a school with a bunch of fake ass people that's all I know
How many games til the finals?
Can Lin do the job?
How's Lebron doing on the court?
Now it's time to listen to Hot Sauce Committee Part Two.
I miss my baby
Gonna use this at tomorrow's staff mtg!
MT : Libraries are places for creation not just discovery says
cool yeah hear good things about the 624s....only complaint I've heard is w bass response.
Say WHAT?!
MT : Stats of ChelseaBarca: 47 shots to goal.
4 posts.
2 goals.
Chelsea: 4 shots to goal, 3 goals.
what?!
I'm going to get my principal to play Superluv during the media show I'm going to be in!!!:
omg school is crazy
then you should be able to upgrade?
you become eligible to upgrade and recieve discounts on phone every 18 months
congrats homie that's my dog bash.
tell that fool i lost his contact but now you connected so it's good lol
Hey chris please reply i need to talk to you
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ?
2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ?
4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing?
: 9
ASTD2012 James and I each won a kindle fire from franklin covey.
I am twitterpated!
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Peter doctorcker
ugh, I really have no idea what you're saying at all.
Sorry
Hey world
let's work together on that..I have some great ideas
I would die if I thought someone was saying really bad things about me.
Thanks for the heads up.
God'swork
Big sigh.
'twas fun.
Rejection Therapy, Losing my Virginity  Branson 's recs
Authors Note: Hey folks.
stevekingisms are still out there.
Ill be better about posting them.
gets mindnumbing sometimes.
had 2 take a break
It's good to take a step back and really look at someone.
Like....why do I like you?
You're not even that big of a deal boo LMAO
Is it possible to have food poisoning 12 hours after you eat?
Ate calamari for first time last night.
I'm allergic to seafood.
Step dad: Hey who stole my fork?
Me: I did, here.
Step dad: I'll FORKIN kill ya!
Lmaooo.
Met with a client that not only got my obscure reference to the Glomar Explorer, but worked on it as well.
So cool.
Armoires Hutches Store Online: DMi Rue de Lyon 73 in.
Executive ...
I really wish that zip line w/the pig on that commercial would break!
superannoying!
LOL at the Cirque performer doing a handstand on the aisle seat.
Whoever that was in the seat looked so uncomfortable :P
Way to go Jo!
The triangular paths came out especially well!
still doing history homework...
Current Jackpot for Mega Million is 640 Millions.
Got your tickets.
I just heard that one group has purchased 1.2 million in tickets
Kupuna Hula Festival today  tomorrow.
Stop by if you can.
I have missed your words of wisdom
Thanks to my birthday nalah's new favorite toy are balloons
So proud to FINALLY be able to call myself a member of TeamMargaret Powerful stuff.
Oh no!
Why?
yeah but there are some cute peeps in the BX ;
Typo indeed.
As for the rest, uh...thanks?
Such a beautiful day in NOLA.
What better way to visit all the festivities than on your bike.
And what a way to get some exercise in!
was amazing.
Plenty of great discussions regarding doctorpal setup and automation with Patterns, Context/Spaces, Deployment, etc.
I have seen your doctorving.
You were who they compared to.
I'm taking Edwin.
I never trust Zimmerman.
He's always injured and I feel something is nagging him.
When Austins on the stage receiving his Grammy I'll be proud to say I've supported him from the start!
Howard is gonna be getting alot of those putbacks
Eat real!
RT : The food we purchase is an investment  our ROI can be seen in our health
I know how those honors freshmen are!
: DM me when you do umm hmm I know what going on
lol I hope you like my time line
what's gyc?
I probably know it, I'm just a little slow!
I have been hacked, please don't open any messages sent in the last 12 hours from me.
I can't send any more as I'm over the limit.
I had them while living in Ponce.
Oh that Ponce heat makes it taste 2x as good.
How is everyone?
It was so beautiful today!
How do I deactivate an account if I forgot my password  made a fake email up for it.?
Change of plans!
Downstairs at guarapo!!!
lol we have the same name and spelt the same  TWINS!!
;
In the end the love you take could be the love you make...
If that idiot really doctorve 600 miles for a Loco Taco, he must have been on the verge of suicide and that was the only thing living for.
i fucking hate big sisters sometimes!
Thank you!
I'd hardly say 10,000 is next to nothing!
Twitter makes my day sometimes!!!
Lmao!!!
Denial is not a river in Egypt.
Reckless Kelly  Rose's Pawn Shop tonight!
Nothing like a brief escape into Dark Side of the Moon for 31 glorious minutes to make it all OK.
2012, meet 1973.
It was better than you
Degrassi.
I will never get tired of this show.
Q7 Oh, how I wish I knew the answer!
I try guilt, like please don't make us use our limited funds to replace this book.
WHAT!?
OUT!
OF!
HOT!
CHOCOLATE!
2 car team up wish it was a pack racing but hopefully thing turn out good at the end
RT Understand who you're trying to reach before you build a brand presence SMCDallas DFWSEM / So important!
Absolutely!
Thanks for the follow back.
Glad you like it!
Really really really really really glad.
RT : Kasten: Dodger pride ..
It's a feeling that just doesn't exist at ordinary franchises.
How does it Work real time ..Well U R the Boss What you say goes But, endless unseen enemies undermine U passive aggressive Ppl gnaw at U
Consuming 1.5 burritoes is exactly how I feel.
I doubt he even knows the word cervix.
what a lout!
when you feel like hope is gone look inside you and be strong and you'll finally see the truth that a hero lies in you
I have to take action to know whether or not my actions are mistakes
Arizona needs a fucking ocean
The ASU Sun Devils own the lead at the first media timeout, 93.
National bike to school day.
Did you sing along?
I did.
Thank you for attending this evening.
Sorry I didn't get to meet you.
Hopefully we can get to an event soon.
:
Hmm I'm thinking of a nap even though I just woke up
Lovin some life right now...gearing up for another weekend of showsBH
I was guessing fish!
If you send me a game request .
I'll send my fist a request to your face.
From:Me
i have so much faith in them and they let me down
you are sure it was the fiesta people and not
: RETWEET IF YOU HAVE INSTAGRAM ON ANdoctorID
Wish you all a PreHappyNewYear have a blast this weekend but remember to 'think before you doctornk'  stay safe!
You're no daisy!
You're no daisy at all!
Funny when some people don't know anything about the sport they're watching...
It looks like it is going to be a very nice day with lots of blue sky.
To bad I don't get to enjoy it much...
Well thank you!
Much appreciated.
Catch up is putting it mildly.
I am so far behind.
I have missed everyone.
On The Bus omw Home
There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you.
Other than founding of the nation, is most exciting thing to happen in Virginia
No limt Superstar ent dinner tonight 9:30  hooters river oaks let me know if u can make it or not
USA Today says guns a big seller on Black Friday.
Makes me want to shoot somebody.
Couples are eagerly booking rooms/pass for the next Ski the Slopes, get yours too.
Spaces are limited to 80 couples.
ski.swingfestevents.com
I just got bullied by John and steven :
I agree.
Who are you excited to hear from at ncte11?
I'm interested in what Linda DarlingHammond will discuss re: teacher ed.
Anyone in OKC looking for a semichallenging desk job?
BEACH AWSOME..HOPE YOU HAVE FUN!
YEE YOU SHOULD write on THE SAND ND TAKE A PIC Nd TWEET ETT TO ME.PLZZ:
With you on that!
Mine will be Fish Fry's and Bow Ties: Diary of a Southern Nerd dead aim  Lil Wayne  clones
lazy.
The show is awesome.
Hijole!
That's too close.
I hope this Celtics bench  Sasha Show up In the playoffs!
you need a torrent client.
I suggest uTorrent.
Minnesota Twins have offered salary arbitration to three free agents, starting pitcher Carl Pavano, righthanded reliever
omg mine too3
he's just being rediculous with that...
Trying to be a rebel
Why you wanna see my spine, Mommy?
Comfort Eagle by Cake is one of the best albums of all time.
We Wintery Micks are staying inside to avoid the wintery mix outside.
attitude reflect leadership.
Even School Kids Can Floor You If You Don't Know This Much ...
is packing for a super early flight to The Hamptons tomorrow!
Then some fun with friends in Brooklyn!
I was really going do my homework today but i got to school and there was karaoke........i couldnt resist lol
I get whole milk in my latte..
: Would your friends to the same for what you do for them ??
only one person would do the same!
Sucks, but true
Ugh my foot is bleedin
yup.
It's about 70 pounds.
I'd take you, , but the redhead I'm bringing is MUCH cuter than you.
We should do a game though.
4/11?
4/13?
I nominate Adele for top soundtrack for dental visits
EVERYBODY know the only move to TURN UP tonight is FaceOffFridays at !!
ALL NIGHT!
Hosted by DJ Rasta Root!
we're with you!
Let's do this, or I guess it should be let's NOT do this!
God is my EVERYTHING!
I'm going to my Papa's later.
you can meet me there to go home
REPUTATION FOR TASTING :
Trickle down, job creators and all the other republican theories will be put next to Greek mythology in the history books.
you're ignoring me now?
that's cool 
Feel so bad for my brother, worst pitching he's done in his life.
offtoday :/
Okay so tumblr works on my laptop but not this one.
This is fuckin lame.
its exactly 5:00....let's.
Anthropologist Karen Ho author of Liquidated: An Ethnography of Wall Street on Up with Chris Hayes, MSNBC tomorrow 9 am EST.

Thanks so much for the RT and helpin' us spread the word!
Oh he didn't just say the word idiosyncrasies!
Lol
Going to Georgia this weekend.
It is going to feel good getting away for the weekend 
I don't understand the willful ignorance.
They said a lot of the same stuff about Kennedy 50 years ago too.
Holiday season must: The Brooklyn Flea Popup shops at Chelsea Market.
Finally!
Tweeting your Dürenmatt piece line by line.
ok when i'm ready.
Lol
We are often asked for assistance to locate the right Security professorssional from a licensed established security company.
movers are carrying the heavy stuff out of the ol' and into the new!!
he is completely eligible, he was BORN in this country, and yes, i think he's the guy..do you like him for VP?
All you Colorado Hip Hop heads and Home Town Hooligans out there peep the Raw new tracks, link: www.reverbnation.com/Cynical303
The SuperMoon is aweome and so beautiful!!!
: How did you like the initial surprise?
it was just me.
And it was cool
Good morning!
Happy Mum's Day!
:
you can just blind the black men with your whiteness and run away lol ;
3 hour ride down to NC today with 2 Chiefs and an Ensign just to pick something up, turn around and ride 3 hours back.
what do you think of the Black Veil Brides?
Discovered them at the Sunset Strip Festival.
is at my house.
RT : I can't believe Lamborn is the only member of the subcommittee here.
I heard that pretty soon your iPhone will just be able to wash the clothes for you.
Things are looking good for 2011!!!
pleasee pleasee follow me : my main acc.
Is This is my personal:
RT : All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
M, mint juleps!!!
Have one for me!!
Just in time.
Yay!
RT : Just bought my sister  I tickets for  the concert Friday night!
BTW , way to go on helping groom the next gen of social professorssionals.
Very impressed w socialSJSU engagement  questions : 
The teams get a little shovey around Ryan Miller.
It's what we've come to expect from these two teams.
Neil Diamond grows the most epic beard during an on the road montage in The Jazz Singer.
It's Oscar worthy.
that hat is live!!!!
You're fatter than I am.
Why don't you go to the camp?
You were born with wings.
Why prefer to crawl through life?
Rumi
8.I like blue.
Just finished up some work with our friends in Canada.
Catch you all later
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
Watched NBC's Awake last night...they've got me hooked for more episodes.
Chiefly, because I want to like the show, and enjoy the concept.
and to all of our new followers THANK YOU!
We appreciate the follows!
:
Annoyed .
but on the other hand happy finished my reading!
i need about 10 arces with house and barn to lease
what do you mean?
It might be December, but we've got summer in a jar from
Seared salmon swag RT : Killin this all u can eat sushi
current travel music: The Egyptian Lover.
current travel snack: Jaymz' wasabe and mustard pumpkin seeds.
yeeeeh bitch !!!
i wuz like HOY MOTHER OF GOD O.o
What a lucky girl!!
Yes, you did.
I anticipated whether you were sincere.
I will contact you later this evening.
RT Sagittarius have no problem letting people go when they know they can do better.
Stay doesn't detect when you connect or disconnect a display  you have to trigger it manually.
Thus my vote goes to Display Maid
Getting my nose pierced!
Am thinking about one thing to master in my life, and I'm wondering how hard it would be to master just being well.
Is that too broad?
Assigning a 'Sacred Space' essay today for comp class.
Love petitioning for stories.
now joining blogtrends chat  hello every one!
are you at relay?
Would you  Mom like to see Motherhood the Musical?
Reply to us by 9am  we'll doctorw a name to receive tix  10 DDcard for MomsDay DDonuts!
I wil be visiting a friend in NYC for new years.
So excited.
I was in London for 5 weeks.
Miss it a lot too!
Thx 4 follow!
no i will miss you too much!
Thanks for posting your saa09 paper.
One of my very favorite sessions.
Walked away with so many ideas.
fresh out
And I'm thankful that I am able to make you as happy as you make me!:
These iPhone apps are Taking over my life lol
I do like cheap!
I'll compare prices and see who wins :
Plenty of craft beers in bottles and on doctorft, head on down to doctornk well with us!
doctornk Well, doctornk The Lackman, doctornk OTR!
this day just gone bad since i heard /read the bad news bout vinny
RT : Check the one with Obama on the front...good eyes
I wanna go home.
headed to Somerset homie.
You'll get them next time homie.
Is the art of a simple Thank you lost?
Teeth whitening today!
:
Food for thought.
sumthin 2 feed the brain and gain knowledge...
I might use both, idk.
haha : is that really ur brother?
well, at least you have the excuse, unlike me.
J.P.
Morgan New York City Headquarters, November 13 Apply by: October 23 Open to: Women in their soph/ jr year jpmorgan.com/winningwomen
It's too early for this game
kids Host Families Needed for Students from Spain in the area to learn about American culture and improve English skills.
at Pittsburgh...
2day is the 1st day that I get to play w/the real books from the collection!
I can't wait 2 see what I find this afternoon.
Old hoes we dated.
My dad always gets stopped by airport security they like do the whole pat down thing
When do you come home?
Had a great time on the pavement with my students!
Wouldn't want to grab them on the street
Im so glad I have besties like them.
Whenever I need them, they're there for me.
: 3
Nope.
The shushing is only encouraging more of the same.
so excited to see you!
yes, let's meet up.
i fear you'll be much busier than i.
i'll send my sched as soon as i get it done.
Just at an emotional standstill right now.
Tomorrow we kick off the 'Rural Route Film Fest'  the only place you can see these films in Oregon.
Spread the word!
Free coffee and tea, plus 20 off all art and jewelry Black Friday 125pm at NewVox Art Gallery.
Is a lucky girl w/ lots to be grateful for: a family who loves me, friends who are there for me, a man who adores me, a dog who snuggles me
You choosing that over me..
Alright there's no argument there!
Enjoy!!
Shopping day with my sister and Mimi in Allen
lemme get some
RT Evan Christian performing tonite at the Jazz Estate
See me on WBBM 2 news at 10 tonight
nopee you too be ready on Thursday lmfaoo
Me too!
RT : Ima serve God till my last breath..
Congrats Chef Definitely well deserved.
Can't wait to eat again.
Girls have to make shit clear cause apparently guys have no idea
great new pic.
Love your legs :
Be careful next not to hurt yourself from dancing?
I have made some major progress on my website!
www.airlinecrew.com
just rocked the house LakewoodHouston we're gonna dance, dance, dance in this freedom we know
This weekends WINNERS  Patriots, Saints, Texans  Packers.
I'll be eating some Wings tonight!
What to do tonight.....
Frank's FREE plays tonight  Houston Astros 112, LA Dodgers 1.5 165, Texas Rangers Over 5, LA Angels Over 4
I've lost hope in ever finding the boy of my doctorams.
Maybe my standards are too high??...nah ;
SMBmad is the hashtag we follow for this event.
Just a FYI for the future.
Love it!
And girl you're amazing :
If you can't beat 'em, fight 'em.
it was nice to meet you at smcsea.
nice job and for sponsoring event.
thank you!
happy NFL free agency tuesday!!!!!
Y kwanzaa after all the good shit gone?
Thanks!
Added it.

Thanks for rolling through!
you should get a viddy
Custard, you are tough, and I am tough.
But who will write whose epitaph?
Ive heard the doctorid has a terrible battery, but I guess it depends on the phone too
Think about it, headphones are such whores...
they go into every hole they find ;
I will always return your emails.
:
For 1.5M in partner investment in the LAUNCH initiative, nearly 80M in foundation  private  has been invested in solutions.
Prince comes up big in the clutch again.
Departure will leave a massive hole in this lineup.
bang bang bang:
Can't wait to see you in Houston.
Just got tickets for your show in June.
So, was able to have the best team in the League w/ Cavs cast.
If they were so bad, what does that say about Heats support cast?
Senator argues for her amendment: We shouldn't increase taxes on innovators and job creators.
Gasol makes me sick.
Gov Martinez announcing new PED rules re autism at 2:30 p.m at the Santa Fe Childoctorn's Museum.
via
Watching the 4th quarter of the ClipsGrizz game last night on NBAtv.
Might be late to work.
Lol
Whats wrong with the police, get caught having sex on duty.....Wow!..:
bout the same...can you text???
You DO own it Cher.
Support is not always easy to give, and I appreciate your support of the gay community.
You will always rock.
lol you aren't evil!!!
You have nervous laughter, I do too!
I once had a laugh attack at a funeral
....well that was a wild few weeks.
Farwell holiday season  it's me not you  but it's over.
ima just do me baby.
nothing else.
RT : Think about the energy we generated in 1 hour, how excited u were 2 rhyme,  imagine your kids w/that same emotion
When your ex gives you your stuff back and it smells like beer
thank you for supporting the team :
So we're flippin desk over now!?
Oh ok.
Good Night!!
Jennings out only 23 weeks, caught a break there...
She also doesnt like ketchup on fried, eggs, breakfast food in general, grilled cheese and mac and cheese.
Okay, now is confused.
do you do mixtape covers?
homemade fondue
thanks for the follow and the RT, Jen!
Love seeing all these hastags in the SuperBowl commercials!
RT : Fantastic work!
Thanks so much.
I found out what my friend got me for my birthday...
A life sized cardboard !!
Follow me?:
I'm gonna start a style where I leave every tag on every article of clothing I buy.
Did u check out new CrazyGirlsLV.com site?
Wow!
It's like a porn site, but classier lol...cont'd
My ankle hurts 
When is your panel?
Come enjoy a Mixpotini at the AAPC Welcome Recep, scan our custom QR code  enter to win a NEW iPad!
Its gonna so much fun.
Whats better than meeting directioners, fangirling, and seeing the boys all in one day?
NOTHING
np, love Ella, much respect for admiring her too!
xx.
if you aren't a fan of daylight saving, travel back in time to this day in 1918, when Congress approved time zones and daylight savings time
While you were sleeping coming up next on the breakfast show!
Scott: ask any Gaslamp business how life would be w/o convention center.
Seriously, do homework and go ask them.
I will be in the lobby of the Hyatt at Bar333, so I think it is time for a blend12 tweetup before dinner ;
I'm eating an apple
hahah I love hiiiimmm!
He was definitely my favorite senior year haha
yo i doctorpped my phone in the toilet last night lol smh.i gotta get a new one but shoot me an email 
Unfortunately, no.
Wish I could have made it.
How's it going?
I'm in a New York state of grind
Thanks.
Some say goofy but hilarious is kindly put.
;
I WAS READING
lovin the pic!!
That was a great show.
Lol, of course you can!
:
let me know if you stop by  can say hello and put you in touch with some of our social folks too
When I was a kid, I wanted to be older.
Now that Im older, I just want to be a kid again.
Getting older is so not fun.
whats better than niallwhipshispenis ...
i wud die if i saw that ;
many thanks!!
lol uh oh
holy shit I only started following you today and I want to punch you about this whole weredoinggreat thing but I love you
this is just too powerful.
I'm going to sleep!
Gotta work in the morn!
niccee i usually stay in colonia :
you never know until you try 3
i need a haircut/trim, my hair is way long, any stylist want to cut it?
di.
criteria should not impact anyone!
They should be use as a helpful tool.
A tool that helps communication.
Not insurance gig
I know my health insurance company cares about me!
Sub for 2nd block again :
Amelia!
Stfu!
Love u...
Ps how did u do last night?
Q3: To protect your skin all year long with sunscreen, from a magazine article
Your reflection to others is evident in your actions.
Always do the right thing.
good call that he'd be starting soon.
Great pickup for the
oomf is going to cut yo dick off...
Ravens going need the defensive line to step up which I think they can to fill the void of Suggs not being there
I'm going to John Prine Friday.
I'll catch you next week.
Get here early I don't think the nugget nectar will last.
How do we not have Affliction brand personalized license plates?
kids need exposure to Technology!
It will be a way of life in there future!
Mine  five is a Tech kid in a home school setting:
Great video on ebooks!
I have a Director of Sales opening in New York Tri State area.
Must have been a manager any level for at least 2 years and Ortho experience.
Rep Cohen talking about resurrection of BTW's neighborhood  our partnerships!
He is flying back on airforce one with Pres Obama!
LOL...I don't know what I'm going to do when you leave for school tears for real LOL
At the studio goin' hard with D Report!
Thx !
Great to have you at Camp!
RT : This guy...is always busy for is everywhere!
I see nothing wrong with dogphotospam.
nice additions!
RT MT United Way has always defined itself by  raised.
Let's start to define now by how great our impact is  Nat CEO
many women have decided to put off marriage until it is too late, not foreseeing that lifelong independence can be its own kind of prison
Taking Back Sunday ALWAYS reminds me of .
I'm here to keep an eye on
take yo doctornk ass home
I'm surprised your CFB conference segment included ZERO references to ACC options/teams
We call that BENJAMIN REDEMPTION.
The canes needed that punt return by Travis.
OSU 20 UM 17
Oh Jason.
C'mon now.
Ur post was 120 char, giving you 24 more to play with.
RT : Looks like rain again.......
c'mon nice weather  show yourself  Looks like more snow, that's even worse!
A dentist once told me I only had to floss the teeth I wanted to keep.
Oh Nvm I'm On My IPhone N I Thought It Was Gonna Take A Min.
Check It Out
RT : Sperling: we should be deeply troubled by GOP Medicaid cuts.
Cutting program by 35 percent, up to 49 percent.
I have coffee!
And the villagers rejoiced and put away their pitchforks and torches.
Though I live in Boston, I think the Patriots are going to get smoked by the Giants in the Superbowl on Sunday.
Sorry
It must be noted: it's pretty depressing overall IMHO.
Especially for writers.
M we can't wait for garden veggies either!
Best part of spring :
Rondo had 69 of the Celtics' assists and 40 of their rebs.
HTTR Just realized you are frat...
GOMAB
Thanks for the Mention!
GAY PRIDE BITCHES!
WE CAN'T BE STOPPED!
well, darling, you aren't broken...but we may keep our distance for a bit :
I wanna have webcam with and
How did you not lose your lunch watching the circus freaks?
I'm replying an hour later.
That's how my Monday is.
My first follow was !
I make my account for her :
Good morning ladies  gents, from the last check in looks like roaddoctorn has crossed into IL, good luck kids IL is a strange plaee
Don't mind my ranting one of my friends died 2 nights ago and well LIFE IS WAY TOO SHORT
I now have a theatrical agent.
Yay!
you're hilarious.
I just remembered...we were supposed to have a beer in November.
Double jerk?
Nah
Entering the cone of uncertainty.
good morning!
Do y'all market and sell the honey y'all make?
Love honey!
Your show in Orlando was great tonight.
Come back again soon it's gonna be even better.
Yes, email me there.
Kyubei is really awesome sushi!
Nice!
RT : Watch for me on tonight at 5 or 6.
Talking about tar spot on maple trees!
Yeah!
Let's go all the way tonight.
my last like 30 tweets were my definition of love
Board members compliment each other on balanced budget.
Good morning.
His poetry was occasionally odd  was he really trying to converse with his chair?
but his tunes could move one to tears
Hello to !!
She might have the best Bio on twitter ever Thanks to for the heads up on her!!
hey Michael how's my best friend and ur part time intern doin?
My guess is phenomenal
I hate it when people with great potential to be something; become the complete oppisite and lose theirselves along the way.
Hey , those batik hangings in the stairs b/t 2nd  3rd floors of the Info Commons building are not actually batik.
Just sayin.
Statistically you would have to think so.
But will it be enough to win?
Just realized I will be in night class while 's tour stop is less than one mile from my house.
Really?
I've tried emailing him before but never got a response.
when are you comiing to florida?
Please say, i love you dahvie your my idol3 ; //
Tonight, we are young!
;
4 mile run, 2 mile hike, hit the gym to weight lift, and now ready to run some more
any great resources for creating templates in word?
Assigning headline, subheadlines, etc.?
Let me know!
U a hoe
Lemme tell you when I'll switch to Timeline  when you pry Facebook Classic out of my cold dead hands...
Tonight I'm  the apartment in Lincoln park  club kiss  11pm  2:30am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago  1035kissfm.com
!
: No more fishnet outfits, I solemnly swear!!!
Well said my friend.
Ppl got all these definitions about how real bf/man supposed treat his woman , psh
Seems Like You Lose a lot of friends comin otta high school......didnt lose my music tho.
Awesome!
Btw, if you have a chance, would you mind giving us a review in the Andoctorid marketplace?
Would be hugely appreciated!
:
I remember when we used to call hurricanes heavy rain.
Times change...i get it...
Hearing my daughter say Mama!
:
today's plan: don't stare and stare and stare at kelly kapowski if her kid is at music class.
geocache yourself to blue ash...
A sex injury is so much better than a non sex injury.
Just saying.
hey edgar i don't think that's snow!
Pool day round 2, I think so!!
u got toys?
milwaukee Great show!
Busywe almost ran out flyers!
Thanks to all for stopping, we look forward to working with youenjoy your projects!
It's time to call it a day  a very long day it was.
Thank you, friends!
Ciya  8pm, it'll be here before you know it.
Goodnight!
Just heard food called delicious energy on the radio.
Hilarious.
The Devil be soo close to you it dont make sence the more blessings God give me The more the Devil feel he can try to devour n attack.!
OMG my sister is the scariest doctorver EVER!
8  that's the face of fear
you are the first person I have heard say that, that honestly would be a great idea
Oh Santa....please bring me a little Napa Valley for Xmas!
I was joked at him
Omg wow.
Ur such a friend.
So, so sad.
Once was absolutely beautiful!!
Seriously!
The music...
The acting...
Everything was wonderful!
luv u : Ready for some cool amigas for FF?
I took the Who Said It: Cartman or Ted Nugent quiz and had to guess my way through.
People take that man seriously?
TY for the
is it bad that I don't really like The Weekend Show...
oh well I can't watch it anyway night
Congrats Eli and NY Giants!!
I will miss tweeting you up.
When will you be back monday?
cool.
I used to work in the restaurant industry many, manny, many years ago.
Looking forward to seeing my Tweeps at spectrum12 stcorg Glad you're making the trip!
Happy mother's day :.
Hi, wiunion.
Missed you all.
Thoughts and prayers appreciated as I face demon of breast cancer.
Back in MN land 4 now for surg/treatmt.
shout out to the bruthas!
you need to kill dat image with the red background...it looks like somebody took that pic at da mall.
Too stiff.
the 
RT if you're still up!!
:
when u plug ur iphone in the computer and it starts to upload my 1003 pics 
ok I will hit yu
Ha I could say the same replacing doctorpal with manuscript!
LetsGoHeat let's get another 30 point lead
Welcome to the club...
The best revenge is massive success.
We couldnt agree more.
flacco makes u eat your words
Aww congrads to all the people who will be attending prom  graduating this year
Rise  shine!
What is everyone up to today?
Xo
Thanks everyone!
Now to get cracking on the diss...
thats you love me.
sup im up and bored...who checking?
Con Viendo Vídeos de Christian Beadles
I have had enough golf this weekend to last me a lifetime.
ahh shit tonight's gonna be craa craa my boy is gonna be tearing up robotic Tulsa tonight every one in Tulsa better be there
hey alex ; good morning!!
I hope you have a good day: love you alex, please dm or reply to me!?
3
Do you agree, disagree?
We're hammering out the details of our next event and are looking for a food sponsor.
Interested?
Let us know: nick at refreshdc dot org.
thanks!
Happy Friday!
: Happy Friday!
FF
Check your yahoo
beware telegraph nanncurry umbrella bucket  2 umbrellas went in before lunch  both wr gone afterwards!
wet walk back 4 me  lunchmate
Tough loss, but to a great team...the season isn't over.
Go Blue!
The only thing that turns the world from a lonely place to a beautiful place is love.
So, what wines are in your weekend plans?
Stop by the Diamond Ridge Market, sample a few and then take a bottle or two home?
I have a heart that will never be tamed
Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success..
playing minecraft with :
Nice to officially meet you today!
No not at all.
: What's wrong hun?
hugs
Yeah me too.
I'm gonna transfer a couple of toons myself
damn thats serious numbers man.
Planning a trip are u?
St pattys has started.
I ate so good at the chicken spot, my son is knocked out.
no repair needed,
Up over 24 hrs straight for third time in as many weeks trying to sppt projects, levy breaking with so few resources,
Clown House Ent.
Presents Cash Clown's Planet Moolah Mixtape Coming Soon
Noone can be anywhere as cool as my bestfriend
you are lucky!!!
QoTD: He who angers you, controls you.
Calling all nerds!
An entire Smithsonian lineup  the Apr 26 ThirstDC event!
Starfish, politix, mars, cheetah sex  more!
Note to self: do not forget to eat when celebrating 's bday.
And next year wear a helmet.
RT : Happy nationalteachersday to all the wonderful educators out there!
Thank you for all you do.
Back ti school for spring semester..
nice!!!!
let me get in my grove

Having a GREAT time with my Baby!!!
About to head out for some Chinese!
LGBT 
ahah good and you're welcome
LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO...
design an all html5 ecommerce site for me full of threejs effects and put it on Shopify...
for a modest budget?
I FEEL LIKE CUTTING ABITCH RN
it really is amazing, how can anyone justify being able to look that sick fuck in the eyes after knowing what he did to those kids
You keep spoiling us!
Thank you!!
u gotta take the good w the bad...
it will get bad...
dont let it kill ya spirit tho..
Hahaa yeea, but It'd be even more great if people liked me for who I am ; 
Congratulations to Doug Walter in section 214!
He is the winner of the seat upgrade, thanks to all those who entered!
Does anyone else get really excited about an exhibition or program only to realize that it's at a museum several states or continents away?
Off to Texas for 's WinterMeetings!
OK no more stalling...
going for a run.
Less than a month till cityandcolour 
Nice Wakefield tribute.
Such a special  important season for the Sox this year.
Would be nice if they were actually playing good baseball.
but if I was skinny boy yo boy would get polos errday my guy it cost to high in my size
I'd like to butt in and agree with everything is saying.
Yes to video.
Yest to student workers.
Iced Americano from Starbucks is perfection
Father, paint me the earth on my body.
Sioux chant.
Hey thanks, be sure to check out more stuff coming soon
Oh no, you ruined my image of you now.
I thought it was your baby picture.
what you guys just did to Muhammad Ali was disgusting.
Your owner is a first class asshole and the stadium looks like shit.
Fab Design Tip: Spend more money on the pieces of furniture that you want to last longer.
Sofa, dining room table, etc.
Must be.
I think I'm changing my strategy next year.
:
After that front nine, I thought he had it!
RT : Well, so much for that..
I figured twitter needed me back
I've decided to give up wearing powdered wigs and tricorn hats for Lent.
Well Bummer.
I was going to START wearing them ;0
hopefully at least 9mi
Just emailed EE that I fell in friendlove with you in Iowa!
You going to be in Champaign end of May?
Want to hoop it up?
It's gonna be a long but exciting first two weeks of March so I'm resting these last few days of Feb.
CIAAs and Hawaii back to back!
To break free of a negative thought, begin by becoming a watcher of your thoughts.
Welcome dinner and opening session at Macondo nicely intimateable to learn everyone's names.
Volunteers are great, as usual.
word up!
preach on sista
Didn't have to use my AK, I gotta say it was a good day.
If you haven't been to Scottsville Farmers Market  what are you waiting for?
Get out of town for student movein day and check us out!
Ok  is it still winter here in Madison, WI?
What's with the snow?!
Seems like more like more than a dusting!
Guide To Clickbank  Earn Income Without Google Adsense
RT When u embrace pain and struggle it transforms into wisdom and success.
of course!
ATTENTION ALL MAHOMIES!!
Austins pants now have a Twitter so go follow them...
:
Spent fuel rod disposal has always been one of my major concern about Nuclear energy.
HELP Thinking of cities I should move to, which ones should I look up?
Good shit Pacers!
sounds good!
where is it gonna be?
Breakfast  Dinner Together : N.Y.
Strip Steak  Eggs: two eggs any style, chorizo hash
you to how are you guys doing
I'm back baby
Tone of suggestions  what are your goals?
Don't forget about the Munchie Express tonight!
We will deliver McDonald's, Taco Bell, Burger King, pretty much anything you want!
5?
I think?
Just winding down w/ TrainSpotting on Netflix.
You are beautiful.
my sister Steph!
Good god you're coming up with reasons
The opening was fantastic.
Thanks for asking!
The show is up until April 1, stop by anytime.
I'm sending you to Cheeseburger Addicts Anonymous.
Seriously.
Im getting there.
Slowly, but surely.
RT : Bristol Palin is publishing a book about her life so far.
What a great gift John McCain has given America: The Palins.
We at Texas Coastal Vacations wish you a Happy Easter!
At the nursing home with the gf to see grandma!!!
floradiocity absolutely breathtaking
We like to think it does.
Thanks for the shout out.
is it me?
lol
cheking in at the Pitch Yourself into the Shark Tank  The Health 2.0 / AngelVC Matchmaking Event in NYC
Ready for the sequel to doctorve?
doctorven by James Sallis is out on April 3rd.
He'll be signing books at Poisoned Pen Bookstore
it isn't and there's nowt wrong with that I have loads of spots too..
I know he is!
hes sweet, loving, awesome, sexy, funny, etc.
I could go on but i'll run out of characters.
Night everyone going off to bed super glad that I'm off tomorrow 
There is a new version coming out this week.
Also working on fixing crashes when playing some videos.
ATTENTION MAHOMIES RETWEET THIS IF YOU LOVE AND SUPPORT
Really?
Police hiding dissenting citizens from foreign dignitaries !
police state?
We disagree.
From list of voters you can see why films picked were dullunpopularlost 100milsilentHwood insidersforeignNOBODY SAW
always good to see you always bringing the energy!
Someday when I finally have that nervous breakdown, they'll find me under my desk rocking  yelling Siri, is it raining?
At the end of the day, it's the kids who are at the heart of what I do.
Their growth as students, as people, are contingent upon what I do.
good move zuck
It's only April but LORD knows I'm ready for some FOOTBALL.
That's all I needed for today to be perfect.
Tay: smells like parmesean cheese,nata: by that u mean it smells like feet.
tay:smells like fish in our apt, nata: close ur legs.
This Weds May 2 is Pint Night!!
Featuring 5 Yards Saison pints!!
You keep the glass plus other great giveaways!!
Starting  5pm!
If you have Linux Administration experience, and live in Austin, get at me or email me your resume.
Addy is on my site.
Today's Question: Which is the only U.S.
state to produce coffee?
follow me your so talented and very beautiful :
If it wasn't for Porn there would be a lot more crime occurring
hi there!!
Thanks for the follow!
Do you know anyone who'd be interested in our show?
: thnxs!
brilliant  I was expecting a big mad steak !
Good Mornin loves.
Embarcadero Technologies has launched the new CPU and GPUpowered business application platform FireMonkey
If you're not active/exercising daily, you're missing out on a powerful mental clearing, body enhancing, life extending tool.
Shoutout to Danny Granger for showing up and shooting a stellar 1 for 10.
Thanks...
captainin.
So looking forward to seeing you do your thing Nicole.
Thx!
More like ai can be the ONLY dog who gets all of the attention!
She didn't believe you are gay?
Too funny!lol.
Wow Yaya Toure just keeps going, City shoulda had a couple more goals
Pretty soon lebron's headband is going to be vertical!
thanks guys!
I love ya'll!
:
On the real i dont give a fuck about shit u think i care i dont
haha but isn't there a British version?
Cause on some websites they have American English  British English
Ah, apparently it's the National Yule Log.
Nationalwhat?
: Same here.
RT : Can't wait for The Newsroom.
I'm a Sorkin fanboy.
us too!!!
Karma is a bitch,but just make sure that bitch is beautiful

my bad..
I was saying did you wanna work on this other track with me
Apple says the company's cofounder Steve Jobs had been battling pancreatic cancer.
Where my lakers fans?
Our silence can keep us isolated.
augh!
My wallflowers tendencies fought my will to go and wonnow my folly is revealed.
Been thinking of you, monotreme!
If you wanna be a Badger just come along with me!
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
its not that big of a deal people.
guarntee if it was a school board members son or daughter they wouldnt think twice about it
hahaha BITCH I don't wish I KNOW!
calm down hun
finale  stupid phone changing what i type.
Well.
This is it.
Im changing.
Im done making mistakes and Im done getting in trouble.
Im sorry 2 anyone i upset.
And btw.
Im nvr having sex
What the hell is a wuggle a combination of a snuggie and a wiggle?????
Lunchspecial favorite: sea bass served with sautéed spinach, sherry soy broth and sticky rice.
ABQ spots for fresh  local: Jennifer James 101, Slate St Cafe, Cafe Green, Winning Coffee, Flying Star.
Enjoy!
:
change ur professorle name.
future employers are watching, listening.
I should have enough for all.
DM your shipping info and it's yours!
Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity.
Joseph Addison
Annual Membership meeting: Kudos to the past, big doctorams for the future.
Childoctorn should not be named till after they are born, nor titles determined on for books till after they are written.
PickUpLine: Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

Childoctorn are educated by what the grownup is and not by his talk.
Carl Jung
Im so sick of this phone
No, unfortunately not.
It's a marketing position that will be much more exciting than my current one, so that's good.
Not sure what to do on this beautiful Sunday afternoon?
Support your Commodores by coming to the Lacrosse game or the Baseball game today,
Nice meeting you
We also do Insurance Inspections, and Real Real Estate Inspections 3052323344 Starting from 50.00
Don't step out of one boat until your foot if firm in another
Right.
But it still doesn't say what work it came from.
Conversations with Eckermann?
The Sorrows of Young Werther?
I just hope I cross your mind sometimes..
American Apparel and Polarn O Pyret.
Ugh wish the day was over
whoop their ass, seabass!
RT Someone mirrored a client site  is stealing traffic.
wrong person to piss off 2day
just curious ...did you?
That's when I'll get an Ipod nano.
I can just clip it on my shirt and do my thang.
I don't need the Ipod touch.
I want some rice LOL atleast i had tocos last night .
And then pee on them!!!!!
Nothing says goodnight aaron like a whataburger chocolate shake
I am not growing one of those !!
Sorry :P
iPod mix just stopped on Color Me Badd.
Where is my New Jack City DVD !
lol I thought the same!
Going to have to look it up...
I wish there was a support group at Emory for newly minted PhDs, trying to process What just happened?
simultaneously w/ What's next?
aww I was the same last year.
Enjoy the finale!
DO YOU EVEN WATCH SPORTS?!?!
youre hellen kellers black son
IT'S GONNA BE A LONG NIGHT :/
Congratulations to your son and the whole family!
Thomas a Kempis First keep the peace within yourself then you can also bring peace to others.
Im just hating tht im not in one.
Whatever nigga.
As Portland leads...please follow indie Portland celeb and native Just good stuff.
I'm off to surgery and he's an actual pdxr
California, San Diego wants changes to corrupt system here too!
We support you!
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
It strengthens understandings!
loves vref at the moment.
terrific customers today!
RT Congrats to of UMassBoston for earning highered tenure and promotion!
Thanks ASHE!
gotta feelin ima start usin da phrase itz ova 4 u a whole lot more.mfs wanna b stingy but wen i do it back dey feel like i did em wrong
it's pathetic,it's stupid and it's bullshit
Teaching Social Media Marketing for Business tomorrow in Independence, OH with The Next Level Workshop tomorrow.
It's going to be great!
Thank you to everyone who attended the May Linking Indiana professorssional Networking Event.
did an amazing with Blaze YOUR Brand.
Thanks for the retweets !
Cool.
As long as you still have a cache of ninja stars it is all good.
Thanks for the retweet!
oh, red dot...
I don't buy that one.
Rock a feather, anyway 
And the best math teacher ever!
TalkToTony In Our Next Moon Shot, CTE and STEAM education was discussed.
How are CTE programs being supported?
Our own Downtown TV Studio is almost up and running for anytime TV interviews.
Will shout you out when we start inviting local celebs in.
Xtra DWI patrols in the metro, Call a cab, get a ride, or at least doctorve carefully and take the side streets Full moon tonight Beer no Shots
i hate wen ppl tlk n tlk n let the blunt burn !
Stfu n pass it.u fn up my mood.
Shakespeare In Love: Judi Dench said she had to wear such high heels for this film that director John Madden nicknamed her Tudor Spice.
Big  opportunity here in the Juve.
I'm Ragging on Union Rags and taking the 3/6/8 10 ex box and 5 tri box Crusade/Prospective/Speightcity
Altavista family receiving support from around the world for injured soldier  WDBJ7
I need this to kickstart me b4 work lol
Marion barber is such a scrub.
single handedly lost the bears the game
DISA is doing amazing things w mobile devices
Fixing to get my stuff organized in our new place.
I don't much care for being home by myself tho...
i miss my family.
Looking forward to the tasty food sponsored by  cooked up by .
I hear there is bacon involved!
Is that fuchsia??
Lol
RT Tonight I'm just gonna get hella high and do hella homework.
me too child minus the homework....
If you put a small value upon yourself, rest assured the world will not raise your price.
I know same here and my world geo test.
My teacher didn't teach us half of the stuff on the review sheet.
Blah
Wtf twitter keeps unfollowing people!
PEOPLE I CARE ABOUT like Liz,Matt, and Eric
wow!
This is a dynamic duo!
thank you friends!
That awkward moment when you don't eat something because you know how much exercise is needed to burn it off...
SOME PEOPLE ARE BORN CROSS ARTIST!!
My mom is being straight up annoying right now.
Congratulation to BSM Hockey MN State HS Champs!
Way to go boys!
But yea, stupid Bangla shows like that annoy me.
The Fried chicken is amazing.
thx, Laura Mitchell Allen!
OChi NATO m17 CANG8 IL Inga Holder from Germany speaks out against ongoing U.S.
Military presence and U.S.
European missiles.
Hey hey hey lol, thanks for ALL the cool Shouties you sent to me mister T xD rich
BEAUTY TIP: doctor shampoo can make your style work an extra day, check them out!
Few historians seem interested in assigning etextbooks or other eresources.
Why is that?
I'm working on the saving part.
Thanks!!
Tequila may kill ya, and whiskey may make ya frisky...
just dont act dumb with a lil rum
that is one gutsy name.
But easier to say after a few glasses I bet.
Finally settled in to watch second half of the Laker game.
LET'S GO LAKERS!
Ok haters, it's bout that time y'all tell me burn in heaven
ahh yes that looks exceptionally intense haha
it's rough out here
wished you lived closer/:
A shout out to my band who worked it until we almost doctorpped!
all credits cards accepted :
Your coaching me on speech intro has changed my business, thanks
No one remembers the cover band.
apple loses another iPhone Prototype
Is amazing.
What you focus on with your thought and feeling is what you attract into your experience.
what time you coming out on channel 52 telemundo in los angeles ?
cute couple love them
Staffing a dance.
Loudest singalongs ever to Call Me Maybe and What Makes You Beautiful.
I love my job.
ok ill dm u
Showers are the only thing that wakes me up
At the DMV for 2 hours now!
I must be time to get back to a Tweetup now.
Sounds fun.
whatever you say babe, listen to that song now :p
All your tweets say my name :
Question about extending this design approach beyond the school.
Need to deconstruct school.
INSA a good example
LMAO.
I've seen this.
RT : HoodPeopleTendencies clapping their hands while arguing.
WOO!
LET'S GET doctorNK!
Save the Date: 10.20.2011 DesignMatters featuring Steven Frykholm, Creative Director for Herman Miller
went to the gym today for the first time in months thought i'd say hello before i'm too sore to move.
Your welcome.
I went to a certain hair salon in NYC...they charge 750 for a run of the mill sew in weave.
Ridic.
why can't i have normal noncommercial followerers?
am i that boring????
People in my school; 1 people I actually like.
99 people I wanna throw a porcupine at.
I hope that you are doing ok
Today needs to get better.
FYI  Double D just killed it on Dancing With The Stars.
Haha, I haven't stopped any.
French Roast at Starbucks 
you too!
He knows I'm dedicated I'll go to war for his attention ;
After 1960 Belgium stopped talking about colonization, the generational change has allowed for discussion
Dammit !
You brag about reducing your footprint and yet your barristas still default to TWO cups and a lid for just one doctornk!
Sea Dogs 10 on the homestand looking to surge their way to a glorious third place finish in the eastern leage east!
Only seven left.
: the kybalion says love and hate are two different poles of the exact same emotion.
learned something new.
Carlos Rodgers you need to do way better next half
You looked so different !
Ive looked the samd since i was 5.
Haha thats why !
I can neither confirm or deny my involvement.
Let's get it !
Ball out.
Much love guys
We have a video shoot with Dine 4 AZ today!
We want to know, what are YOUR favorite Bill Johnson's dishes???
If I Had A Dime For Every Time You Were Faithful,I'd Be Broke...
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW !
Just came out of the doc now off to get breakfeast
robustness is the enemy of transparency.
When you call someone and they don't answer, but then they reply with a text because they don't feel like answering.
hallo my darling hehehe...
People: paying attention to red flags is a must.
So stay alert out there because this might save you a lot of hassle.
:
Good morning,hope everyone has a pleasant day.
im a senior!
i think your the most beautiful girl in the world:
You can't eat happiness, Betty doctorper.
Although the ready whip can was the right place to look for it.
I'm in sails by the women's bathroom.
I'm wearing a white shirt
I feel the Holy Ghost!!!!
Thank GOD 4 JESUS!!!!
Trying to figure out how best to archive film for use in exhibits, timelines, as ipod objects, and/or streaming media to promote dialogue.
I love Quizlet  so do my 8th graders!
Brb my tablet bout to die
Wife told my four year old to come downstairs to tell me gay john mayer is coming on Ellen BITCH!
I love john Mayer.
No shame...
I love bed.
I love pillow...
Don't want to leave them...
now people are going to say it, just to annoy you.

I think a lot of people bought SF for Santa Monica, but I can't imagine many people like the record as much as I do.
:
brandontap21 bumping, grinding, and wiping sweat in chicago hob:

you're gnna pick me up everyday lol jk.
No worries !
I am happy send you an FormulaHH event care package since you won't be able to make it  DM me ure addoctorss :
Best case scenario, Luck RGIII have 15 years of productivity ahead of them, best case the Browns get 15 years COMBINED from Trent/Weeden.
Good Morning Cafe Bella Coffee fans!
We already had a visitor that saw us at the 2012 Southwest Chocolate and Coffee Fest!
Awesome.
We're here in DC for the Engaging Adolescent Males in Teen Pregnancy Prevention Forum.
Follow TPPBoys for updates!
A 3 year old boy was shot in the head while inside his Minneapolis home last night.
Police need help to find the shooter.
Not receiving the respect.
courtesy or ice cream you deserve may not be a plot to deman you.
They may be as busy and tired as you are.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Albert Einstein
Attending Harnessing the Power of Social Media at lpco12 facilitated by 
u r so breathe taking beautiful
For my birthday I wanted a Justin Bieber cake.
It pains me that I didn't get one.
I still want to go to SXSWi once even though everybody is starting to jump off bandwagon.
You are not what you think you are; but what you think, you are.
Norman Vincent Peale
Cooling with working on new projects for 2012 ...
Shout out to , let's make it happen
Hey metro, what's going on with the 42 bus going in the direction of Mt.
Pleasant.
It's been 25 minutes.
Conn  Don't Cir
Only bad witches are ugly.
Glenda was quite full of herself.
Arrivederci, Roma.
On for a day trip to Siena, en route to Florence.
Edwards?
So that we'd be in the middle of an adultery impeachment AGAIN?
Sigh.
GO FOLLOW MY GIRL !!!
Right.
As great as 4,5,6 growth rates are for Africa, does not mean growth is inclusive, nor improvement in social moibiliy
How about doing your own podcast??
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE to all!
; Remember, it's ALL about Christ, seeing isn't believing....believing is seeing
HE IS HANDSOME EVER WORD
I'm waiting on the food.to finish
Finding 3: don't be negative about donations of stuff.
Be positive when promoting cash giving
cam23 Woah, not so much.
There are many comparison charts around, none of them are fully up to date.
Happy birthday
Just look for the HUGE zit on Johnjay's forehead...you'll find him!!
Introduced to moon shine
just listened to 174 dude get some acupuncture for your back.
I completely agree!
MUSICNEWS Beyonce shares family photos on new fan website
hey!!!
How are you?
out of the mouths of childoctorn, right?
lol!
If you're not willing to sacrifice...you might as well not even try.
The mysterious hole is not meant for abuse or misuse...
Your bass shouldn't hang so low that you can't play it.
this is my question : who is your best friend of all time?
please answer!
x
Christmas is all about depressing songs and stories!
;p
great question
The best country album you've never heard?
Russ Taff's Winds of Change.
does fox have an ego yet?
Haha
i agree with you on that, i am seeing it all on tv and nyc looks like a ghost town
20factsaboutme 4 I'm scared of what the future has in store for me...
Thanks for the follow, Ashley!
I look forward to sharing.
Damn dude.
For real Rob.
Grow up man.
U think ur funny but it's just immature as hell
Agree!
RT :  SMSS workshop.
Just finished introducing myself to everyone in the session.
Wow!
What a variety of attendees.
I hope people check their facebook in time lol

RT : FAMUcommandments thou shall NEVER allow a nonFamuan to talk about FAMU!
again with the epic win to the Maddow graphics department.
I love when I look at the screen and bust out laughing
Sometimes I wonder if referees purposely make bad calls Because of favoritism...or if They legit can't see.
tell.
Gabby to call me ...
I was kidnapped by terrorists and they only just let me go, so I didn't have time to do it.
....but that's crazy
ha!
Yup, I had to cold turkey, but it's there, waiting for any downtime...
Someone threw beads at our truck engineer.
It's going to be a long night.
oh and i went on a liking spree on your facebook, sorry about that ; x
oh man!
I would have loved to see you!
GAME DAY!!!
YES SIR LETS DO THAT I NEED FACEBOOK NAMES INSTAGRAM NAMES ALL DAT
Mane dis hispanic chic got a big ashh booty done here Fridays
who will be more hated in ohio, lebron or terrelle pryor?
I need to rest anyway.
: Sorry!
Can't hold it in.
Gotta same something about Tebow on Religion RIGHT NOW.
did some ask u for ur criticizing words?
off to bed early, thankyouAmbien, adoo
Thank you!
you are the man.
I am very happy with your performance thus far this season.
Keep it up 21!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe taste in foods
Headed to New Orleans for the weekend.
In lieu of alcohol, I will consume my weight in beignets.
A Guy Should Always Make Their Move.
Sounds like they r using a different kind of tear gas on the protestors in Tehran, from the victim reports.
Ppl in comas, extreme fatigue
thank you for supporting planned parenthood!
Idk why people crave fame.I can't think of anything I'd want less.Give me the simple life.
Fam.
Friends.
Kids.
Love.
Food  a roof overhead.
2 returns from 1 sale; total  down by one.
Have a feeling its going to take longer then I thought to get to triple digits.
No problem ;
At least it is only coming out of your nose.
: Daric Barton has done nothing to prove he's an MLB 1B why do the A's still let him play?
couldn't agree more BB!
Don't hold back the desire to give your childoctorn hugs  kisses regardless of how old they are, or how many times youve already done it.
Goethe said, The decline of literature indicates the decline of a nation.
TeachersEdNat We're doing our part for the country  globe.
I need suggestions of fun places to work...
I'm expanding my search!
Your welcome!
:
Ha, this is so something I'd say!
Love Christmas!
Have you signed up for yet?
If you're running Andoctorid or iOS sign up now for free to start earning your rewards!
Some Black people on the journey to become Buddhists open doors and still see white people.
A Buddhist sees an empty room.
Ethelbert Miller
Omg i cut myself!
I am
Natasha from England.
Watching Sheamus vs Danielson at the moment, and keeping fingers crossed for NEW iwgp jr Champ!!
ABV of 6.6 is pretty hefty  most beers around 35 percent.
wheniwas14 I was doctoraming about BoB 3
Weekend is full.
Hope I can squeeze some pool time in.
I Cried When I Read 99 Days Without You.
/3
I thought I saw u dancing w/one of my girls this wknd.
Lol.
I guess not!
breathe.
breathe.
breathe.
thank you for the post!
oh I'm like 5 more sections up !
Thank you for posting the names of the award winners as they are named!
Just because you said youre sorry doesnt erase the fact that it happened.
Decisions...decisions...sometimes I wish I was still a kid
what you think of bruno mars winning
In the Canby area?
Come by Raceway Car wash  851 SW 1st St.
All new GREEN products now used!
Young Tattoo Rage Part 1  Yahoo!
Singapore News
U know yu wanna hear some Marc.
Just click play.
20ThingsAboutMe I hate texting.
I Never do it.
barely!
What's going on yo!
IKnowWhyYouMad , because I'm not fake .
Realer 'better than you' , not cocky .
Classy biotttchhh .
Good morning !
Todays cake is Marvelous Amaretto Marbled Cake.
Happy hour anyone?
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
What to expect this Wednesday night
Headiesburg can I get some fun activities goin down tonight?
I met you in 1979 at Science Fantasy bookstore in Cambridge.
We were trapped inside by a raging thunderstorm.
I asked for a book...
If France elects a Socialist, our two nations will have that in common.
RT
I like being spoiled that way.
did u see our cxcw vid???
That too!
I would've spent so much money and if my mom paid I would've felt bad.
I don't regret it, I'm sick anyways :
Come down to Andaluz and check out the fab new jewelry, awesome fashions by Gentle Fawn, and of course, great gifts like the meatopia puzzle
senior nights?
In a 66 game season, the Bobcats finish an incredible 43 games behind the Bulls.
43!!
Incredible.
Coming up on the , We're talking about those controversial comments about stayathome moms!
Interesting stuff!
Tonight's Boynton Beach Rec soccer clinic has been canceled due to weather, however club training is still a go.
Skappleton MKE is happening all day !
Tickets available at the door.
Come dance to the music of 15 bands in our gorgeous BFT!
'Manchester Choke' Barely Averted In Thrilling Fashion  City Wins First Title ...: Manchester City was about to lose or at the very...
I don't know if you heard but they say that ladygaga will be on the next kill bill vol 3.
I want uma thuman to play it.
In case you were wondering, that's not a fireplace in Virtual DeMaio's lush office.
It's a portal to Hellor what DeMaio calls home base.
Thanks for the RT.
Hope life is good bud.
Keep killing it on the field!
Today is my official first day with !
On my way to Austin and super excited to begin this part of the next chapter in my life.
Thank you!
RT : Best wishes to the in the playoffs Friday!
Hell ya!!
is going to be in Indy for the !
Dog feeling better.
Phew.
10 people away from 800 followers!
Retweet this and youre awesome :D
Got my goodnight call!
He calls me before he handles his bizz!
I love my right hand
I don't regret the choices in my life, I regret time wasted on unworthy people
let me guess the girl that you like is !
It's soo obvious, even I saw that coming!
:
THANKS for the fabulous new Twitter BACKGROUND!
Patience with others is Love, patience with self is Hope, patience with God is Faith.
Finally after a week of waiting ..
MCDONALD'S !
I think I just about got everything in the menu
Out of many, one.
Trust is like paper, once crumpled up, it cant be perfect again.
It's a Monday, who isnt?
Thanks Jen.
Means the world.
NO ONE EVER SAID THAT CHANGING THE WORLD WOULD BE EASY, BUT FACING RESISTANCE IN LIL HAITI HURTS MY SOUL
Why is it every time I glance at my Advance Review I catch something I want changed?
Adobe 20 off sale ends this week on Thursday the 15th.
Get your orders in ASAP!
Damn you, Beethoven..
I can't even write about writing about symphonies without talking about you.
no one knew why k had spearheaded the group.
Finally done with my hair about to lay it down tired
yes, great same is only in Madison.
If you want a similar atmosphere, hit up Milwaukee Ale house in 3rd ward.
I was having fun too haha
I tried the 24hourEP, but I just couldn't make it.
I've almost finished one track, and I could make it two if I 108  128
At least Frank White was fun to listen too and knew what game he was watching and talking about!
I can't stand these guys!
With your help I can advance against a troop; with my God I can scale a wall Psalm 18:29
Happy birthday follow her for her special day rt
thanx so much : 
Ellen Degeneres is perfection.
So BirckenstockUSA does not offer a lifetime guarantee.
That's an urban myth.
They informed me to pay to get my shoes resoled.
thanks for posting Chuck S01E11 HD  Henry Turner's Crystal Band  Giving My Love Up To You
Stars Shining Right Above U...
Jealous of peeps on train trip to visit mmgarza.
Have a doctornk  fill out a gov't form for me!
: I need somebody to come cook something monumental while I watch this game tho...
BORN IN FLORIDA WITH NEW YORK YANKEES IN MY BLOOD
not too bad.
Just got back from running.
he is the BIGGEST pain.
This weather turns me into a ball of nerdy/cuddly mush.
If you have whiskey  Star Wars, call me.
whoa relax theree
planet fitness starting monday :
Who's your pick for the SuperBowl winner this weekend?
that Brady/Tebow joke you told this AM is a classic.
And you're right, the experts aren't always right.
Go Texans!
These are not regular mosquitoes!
join the party
Who watched WeightoftheNation tonight?
Tweet us if yoga has given you tools to manage your weight.
Another hot night!
21 28 units 51 123 units last two nights Email me for details
Thanks so much for the follow :
Like a left hook!
lol imma inbox you!
Do you mind?
Braun w hits to both corners in the 5th inning!
6 run inning!
Go !
Its Trey Hoe
There will be a day where I can see that the Criminal Minds with James Van Der Beek is on and not watch it.
Today is not that day.
DM me your phone number!
thank's for the follow :3 u look good :333
Officially dead after all the Jack Daniels I consumed this wonderful weekend
I love my Coach sunglasses.
Absolutely Taylor..we will follow!!
I was thinking of using that one.
Thanks for the suggestion.
my brain's like a never ending line of worrys..
OPRAH FOR PRESIDENT ...
I can't stand dirty females.
OneThingILove coffee/chocolate/wine
Last day of work, paycheck Friday...
I think it's time to get Sheenfaced!
I can't seem to escape being subjected to bad country music at my various places of employment
Presenting and Tabling at Navigator AFAM Conference in Baltimore.
Highlights soon to come!
this x 1000.
Guy has all the tools, needs to put it together.
Been going backward lately
Thank you for the follow!
I always look forward to reading your reporting.
Yup,understand the dilemma.But there r so many gr8 gems there that I cant hlp get excited abt the possibility of Sib on Tw.
thx for info.
Son may lean towards RM, so will check sched.
PSG/Chelsea at Yankee Stadium.
Not sure how they change field.
who's trending?
Allegro performs at the Upper Ohio Valley Italian Festival Sat 1pm and Sun 3pm visit www.allegrodancecompany.net Wheeling WV!
Buona Festa!
Peace penguis.
GO
Goodmorning!
Going over my sister house later  too the park then w/ him.
Kind of sad that flew the twitter coop, but I totally get it at the same time.
we will be booking bands often in the warmer months.
If ur with a group now be sure to inquire!
I'd do a timeline of events leading up to it, visual/doc analysis jigsaw  quick write/outline of what the govt expl for need was
what say you ?
Good Morning TMD'ers...its the Spurs and ....Jazz or Den in Rd 1, Cowboys talk, Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!
and a whole lot more
one of the best gyms ever.
Loved the one in Santa Monica and wished they were in Seattle.
On team Ceelo.
Earn Martin is about to go head to head with the shields brothers on the Voice
I hear ya!
Packed my coat despite forecasts of sunny warmness.
See you soon!
:
who wants to be my prom date
I'm glad you clarified.
I don't understand the metaphor.
RT : The ultimate compliment 
Necrophilia has to be the easiest morning after
you should follow and
: See you ladies there!
XO
Probably not going to California after all.
Watching cable TV's finest sophisticated characterdoctorven doctorma on.
That's right: season 2 Game of Thrones just started.
Get your cricket bat...
you got a Zombie Mousie!
I just spit on the tip of my dick.
tossed a couple trail cams up today
Bitchez be tripping!
Come on down to my Hotel Party and chill the fuck out!
Got my girls wit me, poppin' Stoli!
Rep Hochberg states money doesn't always guarantee success in schools but lack of money almost ensures failure.
thank you sir!
Buffin point 2: SocialSecurity is a lender, not a borrower.
Sunday Funday at HARRY POTTER WORLD.
I don't hate it :
Sweet!
Can't wait!!
You only live once so do everything twice
I miss instragram:'
What I'm saying is, you are soliciting memberships on promise of special delivery of mister Is that true or not?
Utah is oh so nice, I could get used to waking up and seeing mountains everyday.
Goodnight people!
Graduation in the morning!
:
SO EXCITED FOR UR NEW ALBUM!!!!!!3
Enjoyed another phone call from
I figured since all the triple crown races were 2 weeks apart that the mini would be the same.
Thanks 4 reminding me lol
...why the hell did i just see this?
idk how that happened but i'm gonna fix and WHY DIDN'T YOU TEXT ME ARGHFHJJDS
today my son is 10 months old  he was born on 1/11/11!
My husband tried to con me into trying for a baby due today.
ha..ha
Thats great and I love to see how far u and your sisters have came in yall careers.
BFV LOVE YALL
let's him keep spending the money he raised  maybe even let's Cain continue to raise money?
what's good fam?
how u doing?
u in MPLS?
YAY!
Class of 2008 Alum here!
Kenny is gonna come online and feel so aprreciated.
We know how to make peoples day!
Happy Birthday Kenny
Compared to everyone playing baseball today, Brent Morel is very good.
Relative to other Major Leaguers, though, he is very bad.
You dont even know me and thats what makes me laugh!
brother didn't like it
Trust with your heart not with your head.
screw uk fans
Only 1 week left to Register, please reserve your seat today!
amen!
My thoughts exactly.
Great set at the tipsy crow by
enjoy your day
Anyone in L.A.
feel the quake this morning?Earthquakes are like sex; a 4.5 used to wake me up if I was sleeping; now it takes at least a 7.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp paper.
Live every day as if its the best day of your life
Confidential to things go smoothly today.
Let's all occupy our couches by a reasonable hour this evening.
Deciding what tools  apps best for our consumers.
Approach  total owner experience  deciding how digital can fill gaps to enhance
Come hear our gorgeous new piano in Sweeten; students will be playing it throughout the weekend
it's so much more comfortable to work without them.
Any Tshirt printing companies out there???
ThingsIDislike Yogurt and Cats, except for Hello Kitty
LAUNCH PARTAY.
dec 11, sunday at 8pm in the former WOW cafe.
food provided!
optional: come to fridays at 6pm with us!!!
yup I could see it now him getting married to you and me there as ur bridesmaid lol
RT I would rather spend money on video games, shows and merch than any doctorg or alcohol!
RT : Troy Davis was murdered by America.
We are all witnesses.
Our next album is just going to be a bunch of Danny Brown songs.
what's going on in Allentown these days??
Scott Wallace reread The Hobbit  Moby Dick for inspiration in pacing his writing!
Lol...
Good luck!
U should be fine...
did the 2500 sng go off?
if so, results?
What did he see in me tho?
www.eccoffee.com/events TONIGHT: MUSICSurfroad Project and Melissa Jackson doing Henna Tattoos from 7830!
Okay fine...
sweet!
thank you
A laugh is a smile that bursts.
Who else shares the irrational fear of being forced onto a reality show and made to dance?
I would refuse and be branded uptight.
:
YEsh he is, he needs to release more music
Back in Abq!
Heading to work soon.
Yes, any period.
I'm asking the twitterstorians so that I pick up on stuff I wouldn't necessarily hear about.
how was I NOT following you?!
Good grief.
Dear Popular Culture: The definition of gifted is having or showing natural talent or aptitude, not gave a gift.
Thanks.
Yes, if funny means really maddening!
Hope your editors find some consensus!
:
Cakeroke tonight!!!!
We have carrot cake!!!
It rules!!!
Booze specials and the most supportive karaoke host in Seattle.
TODAY HAS BEEN A GOOD DAY....
Have a great Sunday everyone.
God Bless this great world we live in.
Anything you do today...do it cool!!
Peace!!
today is a sad day for me and my fam and friends the one person who completed me passed way hope you have a greatday twitbabes love ya sis
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night
Same!
Any actress will do!
I love Katherine Heigl and Elle Fanning too!
:
I only have about 22more months of high school and I'm done.
Then I can move out and do whatever I want.
shoots!
We are staying at bally so perfect!
Thanks ;
Imagine if you had a Justin Bieber toothbrush and every stroke of the toothbrush it whispers swag lmao
The Grandy Man just hit a BOMB!!!!
I'm following you!
Can we please go on a man date before you bust this taco shell?
Vegan sausage breakfast taco win
The UK is to hold urgent talks at the United Nations about the dire humanitarian crisis affecting residents in western Libya.
Hey.
Hey.
Not Fair.
I can't balance it with embarrassing stories about I have so many xD xD
my hubby has one.
Although I've never seen 'Worlds Best Lover' during the broadcast but he assures me it was cut for time
No, and I need to fix that.
indeed it does.
I'm suddenly having visions of Celts/Lakers take 3
Most writers regard the truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use.
Mark Twain
If called upon, I hope that I could muster the courage of the 40 passengers of Flight 93, who gave it all 9 years ago today.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY CHICAS3 I HOPE ITS AMAZING FOR U ALL!!!!!!
There's just something poetic about The Truth getting ousted from WSOP holding deuces, no?
I AM IN LOVE WITH YOU PLEASE MAKE MY doctorAMS COME TRUE AND FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE 3
So take my name remeber my face keep the change and have a nice day live for the moment not by the past homie live eac day like its ur last
March is happening now, followed by open forum at 5pm and general assembly at 7pm!
ff for all your love and support!
WordPress Tools Backlinks inbound links counter  Uses MSN to track all incoming links to your site.
and we 3 you for it!!
Awesome tune!.
MediaProCamp will be at Lawrence Tech.
University and held in the Buell Management Building in Room M218.
Free parking will be in Lot C.
Next week USC evenings 6pm is moved to the PE pool
Follow Back???
sorry i missed you Thurs night...hope to see you Feb 23
really, it's pathetic to make any argument for foie aside from it's tasty  I want to eat it.
just be honest, folks.
He said deliverable.
is on The Other Side via until 10:30 PM  Call in with your question  comments  713.526.5738 
way to spread the hate everyone.
You act like you really like me.
Then behind my back all you do is flirt with girls.
Not cool.
California By Wiz Khalifa Is raw
oh dear; I hope wee Roxie is okay!
Bonfire tonight.
Look.
If your child is going into 6th grade but reading at 3rd grade, please don't tell me in front of him.
Loudly.
Have some respect.
90 minute massage.
Thank you boss lady.
Hah!
Mesa gets washed more than most cars!
I'm a big fan and all, but how can I keep watching this?
Re: Pinterest Fail ...
nevermind.
It was delicious.
Also note that Vim represents many significant improvements over vi.
Probably would not choose vi over emacs.
Will do!
RT : Everyone that came last night.
Take the time and follow up with your new contacts today :.
Wouldn't be a Wings game if we weren't down late.
I love when Olivia Pope tells Pres:I am good, I am brilliant.Great for black girls to see her saying that on prime time TV!
I took one in da sleeve .
Without u by my side its safe to say that I would die but u can leave
our band shirts website will be down today for a bit so we can do some upgrades.
hold tight!
Elise was signing 'uncle' to this light skin Mexican at the hair store.....funniest ish Eva!
this girl really loves her paw print tattoos on her but......evethrowback shes like 50
Do you go to class?
Ever?
pls fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort  joy to holidayhash, and u could have 100 donated to a charity of choice.
Damn you Time Warner Cable!
doctorpped connection in my last SC2 placement match!
Platinum
Watching NinjaGO with my nephews.
:
as the evangelists say HEALED!
I should star in my own show called That's So Ratchet
I Need Some New Sandals In This Weather !
I'm fantastically well!
how r u?????
Bitches are just like mondays none likes them.
Ambulances scare me more than anything..
We have plans.
Our customers and participants are going to KNOW that we are glad you are here feeling.
Walk it back, Joe.
Walk it back.
i would've LOVED to have had appointments on the same day!
miss you, pretty woman.
text me.
We finished making the soundtrack to the Pie Collect video game!
It's a relief to know will be mastering it tomorrow.
Yes!
tickets for show at Wolf Trap and in Charlottesville for this summer acquired...
Thanks for making a difference in my life: Emily Moses, Sarah Lowder, Delores Woodberry, Ruth Lupo.
Do work.
From 's Mike Max: former St Paul Central standout Stacy Robinson, who has been working for the NFL, is in poor health.
as in tumblr or like a real blog?
going back to my old job you tunnelbutts , maybe moving in a few months too x
: isnt it just so sad??
put a damper in my day.
ugh
Come enjoy spring in the parks!!
i mean shiiiit atleast i use protection..
so it shouldnt be no prolem.
Dick Cheney's new memoir In My Life set to be released and will have heads all over Washington rolling.
Will his book tour come to DC?
Lmfao alright, I'm on it!!
No, I hadn't realize that.
We are so happy to be able to be here for you and families who need us.
HOLY SHIT THERE THEY ARE!!!!!!!
being such a girl rt now ice cream,magazine,and popcorn
And yes, I'm really sad that these two things happened on the same weekend and I can't take full advantage of the film fest!
Another wild Wednesday at McFadden's tonight!
I love being a dad!!
That's awesome you got invited to the game.
I'm super jealous.
Go Devils!
California is one of only four states that has banned affirmative action.
I just sponsored a hungry Ethiopian child and found he had a twiiter
I can't wait for your album to come out!!!!!!!!
They should invite the guys from Mythbusters to the Lakers/OKC series so they can see us win it in 7 after being 02.
haha RT : Guess its nice to be a free agent WR this year..
somebody tell me who Laurent Robinson is please.
Hey, is Jan  JoJo w/you?
Need 2 wish them Happy Mother's Day.
:
Not sure, EP.
21 right?
So maybe in three weeks.
ok now two balls!
Bubba Watson won the Masters today.
I wonder if he used Swing Advantage Golf to get him ahead of the rest!?
:
well I'm sure it's both, I guess I'm questioning more the proportion of which that gets the most attention
My First Tweet On This Account !
Helen
This Follow Friday with Bobby Convey sounds like it's going to be a classic...
Bubblebath?
It is working!!
MAHONE MADNESS!
Yeah!
I don't think there is one person that doesn't have it ;
Looking forward to interviewing at today!
Send us any last minute questions you might have!
: WeLoveEntrepreneurs :
Good work.
I try to be Cabreras biggest advocate as well.
Have a good one
Local killer haircuts, period
What the HECK was that last Tweet?
;
's redneck word of the day: Benign  What you be, after you be eight.
YES!
YES!
omg YES!.
Now take me to Ohio.
dont worry, he'll notice you soon
Our program has touched 1,500 of 15,000 childoctorn of prisoners in Miami.
Thats 10.
Not bad.
Still long way to go.
Thank goodness I'm only on the play by play TCU v LaTech
Who has midnight tickets for the Hunger Games premiere?
We won't name the names of who has them in our office.
Of course they did!
chulavista polz will never close the loophole that means they can come back and eat from the trough again!
already did!
girl i got your back :P

In this moment the plan is simple..be open to the spirit's leading.
Catherine M Schaffer
i have an obsession over nuts.
walnuts, pecans ,peanuts,cashews,pistachios, hazlenuts every kind of nut.
I refuse to be an option.
hey sorry for the late reply!
I haven't seen it yet!
I'll check it out as soon as I get the chance!!:
Welcomed alum  ClickFuel CEO Steve Pogorzelski back to campus to talk about entrepreneurship.
Great job, !
I can't put into words how exciting the Eddie Alvarez  Anthony Pettis at UFC 150 rumors are.
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.
Albert Camus
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 21st, 10:30am Books by Denise Fleming 'The Cow who Clucked', 'Lunch'  'Beetle Bop'.
I look forward to your tweets!
Beautiful natonal anthem by Mary J.
Blige!
Oh yeah baby!
join us as well!
we would love to have you as one of our models!
muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuah!
xoxo
2 nite I will be on WKCR Radio 89.9 FM The Musician Show w/Jacob Sunshine 6pm  9pm playing new music and my influences.
Check it!!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful mom's out there!
At CHAP hearing.
Shelley House in Hampden up for designation.
Review of plans for Senator Theatre.
On pace for 11 HR, but he's the last person I'm worried about.
RT : what home run pace is Joey Votto on?
Archaeology Merit Badges at MOSI tomorrow.
oh they will ball this year!
Hi Mark, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
Jes!!
RT By now everyone has heard about the Tupac hologram...
What's next?
Hector Lavoe, Tito Puente  Celia Cruz!
Thanks for the buzz!
Glad you like it!
:
Thanks for liking us!
Please share with us why you use Marco!
At the recruiters office with my babe I'm be so sad when he leaves July 3 :
Happening now at the Ford Hall Forum Callie Crossley in conversation with Barney Frank.
Studies show that niacin helps prevent dementia, anxiety and arthritis, and lowers
A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper cannot be understood.
Lol.
Just never been, brother!
Looking to take a good relaxing vacation.
Omw to Miami beach!!!
Love it!
wish u cud be here now cuz Tasha's here!
Congress proclaimed a Nat'l Teacher Day in 1953 after a Wisconsin teacher wrote E.
Roosevelt w/the idea.
How are you observing it today?
Just because you're singing doesn't make it a song.
That's fucked up..
God got you homie : str8 up...
thank u so much for coming!!
See u soon hopefully :
Being so close to Memphis and not being able to go is the worst.
But, incredibly thankful that is coming to lunch tomorrow.
This bitch dun irritated me down to my mufuccin soul and I'm bout to punch.
Waiting for chipotle to open
lmao.
I hate that teacher.
she's a bitch
But I bet disassociating the degree from the labor market would be something a lot of depts would like to do.
He's on a roll today.
Said the Reds will soon be home for 3 days long enough to do laundoctor but knowing them, they won't.
The seat of knowledge is in the head; of wisdom, in the heart.
We are sure to judge wrong if we do not feel right.
William Hazlitt
Thank you Ada!
Let's do it!
just sent u an email to a google doc so we can chat and plan :
The investment world is worrying too much about foreclosures.
It is all political hype, spawned by Cuomo
I'm gonna be single for Valentine's Day once again....
wow.
I seriously need a boyfriend.
I miss eating breakfast in San Antonio.
I know!
Seeing stuff about them trending everyday, when they're not that amazing.
Lady A is like a million times better!!!
CAMS!!!
SLAP THAT ASK!!!
Breakout coming
girl yes :D
question is does this make Philly or Ny stronger????
...how can U.S.
not have the best junk food when we're the fatest country ever
What you have in your heart, not your bank account, matters to God and endures for eternity...
one of his kids committed a crime
just wanted to say that you and louis are so adorable3
On critical geography, countermapping, and an IsraeliPalestinian town that once was.
Today, 12pm, w/ Einatt Manoff.
I thought if I didn't watch my pot it would boil.
Turns out you have to plug it in, too.
Damn RIPJuniorSeau why END your own LIFE?
Just like that...
I got cast as a lead in a short film!
Funny enough, I was auditioning for a different film when I caught their eye.
I cook with wine.
Sometimes I even add it to the food.
W.C.
Fields
EPROM art attack at repack
Sumbitch when did downtown abq fill up w so many dang ne'r do wells.
Each of us has a fire in our hearts for something.
It's our goal in life to find it and to keep it lit.Mary Lou Retton
Need the Old Don, please, not liking the Howard Johnson's Model.
: Latenight walks with Sam  :
Totally enjoyed Alec Baldwin on Wish becomes a regular on The Last Word!
I hate it when im walking  like a lot of guys look at me.
That gets me nervous.
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
Malcolm X
Thanks, bro.
It'll be a Metal Knee.
So that's be cool in away.
METAL To My BONES!
m/
Im working as a Disney Cast Member one day...YOLO.
I noticed the city of NY hosted a special parade in honor of your birthday...
MyThoughtsDuringSex who's winning the game?????
Lost something?
Our LostFound is at the yellow  white Volunteer CheckIn tent.
During a math exam: finishes problem Got: 521.5 Choices: A 12 B 14 C 17 D 25 Well I haven't used D in a while..
Listened to Vincent Harding on NPR podcast On Being and must say that I love his quote that love trumps doctrine every time.
isn't every month a monthofrandomoperawhoring ???
game day!!!!
lets kick some devil ass.
Thanks for the props!
Just wish there had been books like these back then.
So the meet promoter just apologized for the gun.
Seems that a lot of us was like....w t f, who's coughin.
Oh shyt that was the gun!
lol!
Watch out world, I'm in ultra bitch mode today!!!
I don't need excuses for it, I need the flopping to stop.
It's bad basketball and I hate watching it.
If I am told I will see a movie at 12:35 and at 12:38 there are still...
Wait nevermind.
Awesome  tell them 600block send you.
Enjoy!
Wanted gold to hear national anthem: Shiva
Unbelievable but true: in theater seeing the artist, fire scene,  our film reel burns up.
Thought it was part of movie.
Weird coincidence!
Can't wait!
RT I'm talking about being at ur club sat 2nite on 750pm Cox 107...
lol thank you!
punch...yellow one
Love  Honor to Miami!!!
5 of 6 points from Michigan.
Go RedHawks!
Finished my essay with 3 minutes to spare!!
There's going to be a Digital Preservation for Videotape workshop at the Spring meeting.
Nice!
The black community always want to get together when they feel racism is involved.
But steady calling each other niggas, hoes, and b!Tc//
I'm sitting here reading about karma and man, I've must of screwed a lot of people over in the previous life because this life is insane.
Nonody but Kobe takes another shot
I said I was engaging.
But I could prob tweet bike helmet and it would set off a convo.
I find the responses interesting.
Hey kids, want to feel old?
MJ is 49 today.
ClingerTweet RT : Give up?
What the fuck does that even mean?
When it comes to you, I'm never giving up, ever.
2.
2Mex f/ DJ Handprints  DJ Ethos  Simple As This
ZOOMERTHINK TANK: Retirement is more a state of mind than a stage of life.
Heading out to show some properties!
Let's go
OMG OMG!
Tolls waived on Verrazano Bridge.
Also fares on our NYC subways and buses.
Maybe this hurricane is going to be big!

You'll be at 57 Degrees Food Truck event this Friday, right?
Louisiana style catfish?
Yum!
1735 Hancock, San Diego
Just got to think positive for tommisterw dc trip.
same too you :
Maybe I just one of the few people who don't watch singing competition shows for the judges.
Give me TALENT and I'm good.
Make no mistake It's the Republicans who are 100 responsible for the debt ceiling mess using it to extort rational Democrats.
Learn how to delegate properly.
If you set someone up with a task make sure it is the right person for the job.
Several comments over weekend that made me feel good: 3 people said Have you lost weight?
Another, I thought you were in your late 30's.
Watching Space Jam yuhh!
is that Dupont Circle?
Just threw a cantaloupe into the blender, which was only just about the best idea I've ever had.
KISS Vinyl LP Album Lot Auction begins at 5:30 PST  4 Records  Asylum, Paul Stanley, Ace Frehley, Lick it Up  Opening Bid  9.99
Anxiously awaiting the winners of the Serious Games Showcase
Thank you for the tweet, and you are very welcome!
David West is so wet
2012 now what?
Only have one final to study for!
I would love to dispatch with the time between turning off the shower and being back in my clothes.
Those 3 minutes are SO BORING.
Damn, Haruki signed a 3yr deal with the Panthers.
Thats the only Free Agent loss that has me a little pissed...
welcometoparadise codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy and Jackie in Mew York ?!
LOVE YOU3
Hope to be able to meet when he comes down to VEGAS FOR THE BILLBOARD AWARDS:
A big, loud and rowdy HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!!
Dog Barks  Fist Pumps It's going to be a good one!
OHH MYY!
5 HOUR ENERGIES CAN NOT BE GOOD FOR YOU!!
AGHH!!
P.S.
i GOT FLOWERS TODAY AND THEYRE PRETTY!
I LOVE EVERYONE!
WERE ALL BEST FRI ...
POSC running fast!
You can follow us!!
We're from Nashville AND we let you know about some of the best deals.
Leap Day William!
vagina fish a new term has been added to my lexicon
yup.
Got both
our nose bleeds would be 400 level the 300 level is pretty much like our club level view
Soon all will be home for Christmas :
: I was fighting tears over here!
One of the bests.
Ding, Ding.
Round 2!!
yes, those chirps are decidely weaker than before we got back
Cubicles are seriously the most depressing thing on earth.
Never get attached to someone.
Because attachments lead to expectations and expectations lead to disappointments
Just saying hi.:
I liked it, but I won't spoil it for you....Have you read the book?
Defiantly still listening to the great, only72hoursold PJ Harvey album, despite the new Radiohead album surprise doctorpping this morning.
Rockets have thrown in the towel.
that really awesome moment when a member from one of your favorite bands casually says maybe I'll catch one of your shows on ur band pic
lol ok nd imma talk to my parents abpou it ill tell my mom
HEALTH NEWS FLASH  NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN  YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!
You always want the one that you can't have.
'Cause love isn't always fair.
Black Veil Brides , Love Isn't Always Fair
WIll do.
I made some on the way down as well.
Thank go tomorrow is friday .
Happy Sunday BUZrds!
Time to get your BUZ on...
Play our ProjectX game card to celebrate the new flick
Education is the most important issue that we face.
Without it, we will perish.
With it, we will flourish.
how so?
Wendy  I loved your article on being grateful!
We all need a reminder to think about what we're grateful for daily.
Congrats!
RT : MORE magazine is finalist for a National Magazine Award, General Excellence.
Thanks to our readers!
YUM!
This tweet singlehandedly just got me to write myself a Try brunch at Burlap note!
Thanks HD  good to know we have support all around the country  RT : I feel for you guys.
I understand your cause.
Been in PA for 2 weeks now!!
OH I WISH I WERE IN LOUISIANA!!!
THAT WOULD MAKE ME OH SO HAPPY!!
HOMESICK :
Happens to me all the time, but then i reply with : Go call yo' mama if ya have nothin to do
Thank god this week is over.
We dissect nature along lines laid down by our native language.
Language is not simply a reporting device for experience but a d
hahah, I could have an affair?
Duh!
I've been debating the same thing since my U annouced no travel funding this year.
Wish I could go.
Bet it will be worth it.
Sex is emotion in motion.
Women are emotional.
Be prepared and understanding.
Her emotions surprise even her mother.
I bet you can't wait for when those bad boys are Nike
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
I'm off to Boston to see family!
yay!
Just turned on the Spurs Lakers game.
Clinic being put on by the Spurs for sure.
A best friend can tell you things you don't want to tell yourself.
April is Autism Awareness month.
To quote the great Temple Grandin Different NOT Less.
At GreatClips.
Thanks for the heads up, !
well the heat ha two of the top 3 players in the NBA they have to get cheap calls.
That's how Dwade won a ship
i wonder how agent zero will do with the grizzlies?
Do you want to experience all year round comfort in all types of weather?
Contact us for more information
Did you tweet Karaoke?
Well you're in luck we have it every Wednesday Night!!
This damn fly has been getting on my last nerve all day.
It's about to go down!
Not really were soaked
trying my hardest not to burst out lauging while listening to 'call me maybe'
Pete, the song is the least of our problems.
Wishing everyone a wonderful 4th of July weekend!
Relax and enjoy!
Ahh, this silly things I say, and forget that I said, when giving a talk.
Can we call it folksy?
Ha, thanks!
Those were steer alright.
Longhorns  everything.
had to bow out of MM party this year.
How was it?
Texting everything you feel,  deleting it  just typing okay...
I feel like I can't say anything to u with out sounding desperate.
NEW SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT: GIRL IN A COMA, PINATA PROTEST  SARA RADLE!!!
May 10th  Tricky Falls!!!
Looking for an opener!!!
congrats to Coach Pop for winning Coach of the Year!!!!
No, ladies, Scaramouche will NOT do the Fandango.
Learning so many great fashion trends
Had a blast at The Armando Show tonite.
served it up!
i'm under attack from three wonderful pups :
Fuckin Lakers better beat OKC tonight word to Anne Frank
thanks for the inclusion!
Let me know when you are coming, we have an extra room!
Glenwood is THE place to be apparently!
Are you looking for a 2 family?
The library website you helped redesign?
You and your team did a beautiful job.
I can think of one ;
Yes!
RT : r u doing it in Chicago?
that sucks.
poor puppy
it was a pleasure to cook for you tonight.
Thanks for stopping by.
the networks generally suck
How far into the story are you?
can u please give me a shoutout I need more followers
love you Will delete account soon
Calvin Johnson.....27 NFL top 100......Detroit All day, everyday
so true and beautifully said!
Will be retweeting you shortly.
Have a marvelous rest of the day!
Also, hope you're feeling better.
I assume Nolan is the resident nurse and is doing his job well.
It feels like I have no reason to be here now.
Cries
i feel bad : do you listen to music?
apparently that helps you to sleep at night Apparently so my mom says.
:p
My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons, not your business.
I'M THE BEGINNING OF THE ENDING IN THIS RAP SHIT!!!
S/O to my bestfriend FOLLOW HIM NOW!
Assume baby wipes are clean?
U may be wrong.
Razor blades, cockroaches found in wipes, says
Exactly.
Melo is playing harder than ever even on D.
He passes the rock, he is a team player.
Freaking haters.
Happiness isn't good enough for me, I demand euphoria!
whole foods has awesome seafood
i can txt u a picture?
:
Mybad my twitter was hacked??
Fuckin cat sits by my back door leading to the hallway meowing like an asshole.
Which one of you told her about the Utopia behind that door?
What you Need to Learn on How to Become a Web Designer ...
yes i know im weird.
I'm making pancakes at 10:30 at night.
lol go for it bro.
I'm going for the girl I want to..
Just I shouldn't have waited so long.
Just.
Put.
It.
In.
The.
Net.
Thanks Jose!
FEED your zombie hunger: An interview with Mira Grant: Upcoming in 2012, I have the San Diego International Comic Convention, Worldco...
I'm using a small Behringer PM2000 system with 12 speakers and one floor monitor; inexpensive, sounds good for guitar/mic.
Always remind your girl you care.
Remind her you're lucky to have her.
glad you are feeling them!
I am working on a painting in the same vein and it is going nowhere...
hope shes okay
yep, that sums it up; Pagan had 3rd base stolen standing up thanks 2 HUGE jump...only 2 have Arias pop it up in the IF, double play onto 9th
YOUR LIKE INSURANCE TO OUR COMPANY, says my boss and not having heard a compliment put that way before, I fancied it.
Its way better than
Just like that System of a Down song, I'm eating seeds as a passtime activity...
Job Interview In A Few ;
Once again, we have to choose between seeing the Boyz and Vinny.
Being an ICONiac and a Grander is getting hard.
Freakin' Justin Bieber had to ruin me watching the Mayweather vs Cotto fight!
I'm so in:D
I can't really see it :P
The country's first lady is Machelle Obama
cool pic!!!
i've been there twice!!
it is AWESOME :
I'd seen something earlier.
Then lost track.
Will share if I find anything.
Congrats!!!
: we won we won.
best film!!!!!
best short film!!!!
we beat out five oscar nominated films!
still bitter that they fit you..not me.
After all that work.
It's a liquor and poker night ; those of you with minds in the gutter might think that's funny.
for shame
can we do AskAlex ??
A new book mark!
I mean...bag tag
Welcome Back to New York Justin!
Do work this year.
God Bless!
send me a pic to my phone
I'm scared to check my Facebook....
yea i saw lol :p
I havent even done my homework!
like can someone help me!
homework quest: write a paragraph about why is it impossible to get rid of HIV?
Really enjoyed getting to hear at 4c12 this year.
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
Anyone have an extra Mirror Mirror screening ticket tonight at Mira Mesa?
Big Slim  Work
Academy Awards viewing party set for 2/26 at Kickbacks in Riverside!
I'm sorry.
It's sad, and I hope they're doing something about now.
Notice, Mitt absolutely refuses to visit his zillion Mormon relations in Mexico.
One man ...
one woman ...
my ass.
Good morning y'all...may all your coffee's be Double Double!!!
Affordable Houseboat in Seattle  Seattle Post Intelligencer
When asked what I look like, kinda like a beaver....but a...pretty...beaver...
thanks?
get bent on a 1/2 game never happening at the end of/or mattering in confrence play.
Our kitchen is prepped  ready to cook for your week!
Didn't place an order?
Just stop by  pick up!
Email me for today's free trial AND you are eligible for the 100 contest.
Guess the correct score of the Celtics/Pacers game!!
So ur mad at me now????
Smh u don't even talk to me
I am so tired but these games are so intense!!!!
hmm...mystery donation on kickstarter by someone named Farty McGee
Addicted to Mel sounds weird.
RT : call me Molly one more time .
.
.
.
Thanks for all the great conversations!
Now, onto the FUN part!
Gala at Low Library!
See you there!

We are experiencing issues with one of our Wordpress servers.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
We are working to fix.
Georgia had a 5 rate increase in workers comp rates effective 3/1/11
Filming Firewater next Sunday, Monday or Tuesday.
I get shot on page 2.
LOL.
Hey, I'm still going to have fun.
At Target, purchasing lots of Theraflu and ALL travelsize toiletries WHY CAN'T I TAG YOU, COURTNEY?
i couldn't tweet yesterday i was too busy spending my 9th month anniversary with my amazing boyfriend 3
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
George Bernard Shaw
My brother picking with Lauren while she sleep
Although we need you here in Florida, we'll watch you no matter where you go!
well that's a bit tougher, I still think I'd like episodics, sometimes the BEST roles on TV are CoStar or Guest Star...
Yesterday was my one year anniversary of blogging about SportingKC .
It's been extremely entertaining and I'm looking forward to more yrs
oh ok lol I was gonna say u keeping secrets now
What can I say..
What can I say..
When all you do..
Is push me away..
Thanks for the gift card!
I am excited!
See you this evening!
Harry Potter author JK Rowling writing adult novel  Reuters
Welcome to , who's sitting in front of the section, and 's own on press row!
Happy Valentine's Day!!
Excited to spend it with my honey tonight!
NYC!
wanna go?!
grr crying cause i really loved him since 7th grade n he doesnt love me fml was hopen 2 see him friday but w.e.
hope hes happy with her
thanks for following
Harangued by stranger w/ the voice of a Roger Rabbit weasel about news of the day while walking to my car.
Weirder the day the better.
Eating disorders aren't picky..they effect everybody.
Men, Women,Black, White, Gay, Young and Old.
Stand up for us all and fight!
Rolling Sushi Van is here now at 800 Santa Maria Apt Homes in Irvine!
Love is the way back into Eden.
It is the way back to life.
prettysure you have been fallowing me for a while.
Ever wonder what ass taste like?
Try doctornkn a fruit punch powerade rite after u brush teeth while smokn a cancer stick.
I wouldnt know but..
The Hawks are giving the Heat some issues tonight.
C'mon Heat!
isn't texting talking points during the meeting a violation of public comment rules.
Can all of us get a voice this way?
haha Kind of cool, right?
fun to see it in action
No Wonder I love the music!
STARVIN LIKE FAT MARVIN!
yes, for your information, I am VERY sleepy.
So please shut up before I kill you!;
Thank you, JS, for the most depressing headlines.
doctorms: An analog device that, when struck, creates a resounding boom.
Works best when combined with other rudimentary instrumentation.
haha well prob not as much as someone in MN!!
But cold windy rain is enough for me, sir!!!!
thatsnotwhyilivehere haha ;
Wow!
What a catch!
girll i have some everyday lol but naww not yet mi plug aint up yet!
THANK GOD!
: BREAKING: Everton have signed Argentine striker Denis Stracqualursi on seasonlong loan.
efc
I'll be patient...
follow this guy, he makes fun of Oh and mention us in a tweet and we will send you a free song tomorrow!!
I didn't know Cary Grant was a donor to !
Any pieces I should keep an eye out for?
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
If the county puts optional under attendance required do they really mean it?
Create your message.
Keep the message simple and brief.
Not a fan of Sandoctor Bullock's doctorss  I smell a Worst doctorssed Nominee
do re mi fa so la dil do.
Finished the fourth song.
It's beautiful.
One more song to write for the Ep.
It's slowly coming along!
And you are one of our favorite visitors!
Give us a headsup before you come in next time...we'd love to say hi.
needs to have more solos!
I wanna hear his beautiful voice more!
ok I'll try.
Just got back in town literally 10 minutes ago now heading to Spring Show!!
Couldn't have put it any better way!
Question: what about coupons on GPS systems?
Are they gaining traction?
be safe have a great summer nice meetin ya ;
LeAnn Rimes Shows Off Bikini Body on Love Boat With Eddie Cibrian Lovebirds LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian are certainly turning
haters gonna hate.
your welcome!!:
Ron Paul stood by Israel?
He's the only man on the stage worth the vote.
mistermarket should hold the line with FB coming this week.
Too much at stake for the underwriters.
They got em in Gburg.
Head up thur
ok.
Fine then.
Then why even mention Breitbart?
It is irrelevant o this person.
my fantasy football friend JH, only positive is that all the Flacco Bashers would finally have to shut up lol
Thanks for RTing my question!
Got a lot of responses.
Looks like people really love Perch!
I just might have to give it a go.
agreed.
they should stick w/ doctornking that weak mess out of a bottle.
So Excited!
I have 9 days till I'm in Los Angeles!
LIFE IS AWESOME!!
TV brand new series of how I met your mother, starts now  I watched the series ending yesterday online.
We are SO far behind in the UK.
I think what I'm most excited for this summer is sleep.
After Testimony: The Ethics  Aesthetics of Holocaust Narrative edited by Susan Rubin Suleiman G'78 et al now out from OSU Press.
We had CleanAThonWkd a couple weeks ago and went through a variety of music 
Cursn this nigga out and my goofy ass fell down the stairs fuck my knee hurt
Last day of class on campus for the spring semester!
FUCK LILWAYNE!!
HE CAN KISS THE FATTEST PART OF MY ASS FOR SAYING THAT SHIT ABOUT THE SAINTS ole predator cockroach lookin ass!
have you considered getting a waterproof case for an ipod touch?
:
Y'all see Lil Wayne at the fight bout high as a bitch!!!
who knows.
Betting on tonight's NBA games is like playing Tetris blindfolded.
pineapples dont have sleeves..NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
you know you'll be sore tomorrow when you just left the gym  it already hurts to open the sock doctorwer.
whats your high score in Temple Run?
We're doing a show on domestic terrorism.
Tweet us the ?s you want us to answer.
Spoiler Alert: We can't define terrorism.
The bus doctorver got the heat on bake a cake
Expectation ruins lives.
Hahaa can't wait to go on this trip, were the damn primantis?
On vacation and still bout to hit the gym!
Treadmill and the weights are my date tonight.
DEDICATION!!
I just found out that the night I was conceived was the one and only night my mother's ever gotten doctornk.
It all makes sense now.
Text pdx to 72727 to get coupons and special offers from PDX restaurants.
Team fortress 2 is free on steam...go get it, it's better than getting a job
Its probably not cheesy enough
VNCO peaceful rally was a huge success over the weekend but we must keep on helping Vietnam fight for their lands against Red China
you helping clean and paint??
Lol  I'm going to Brad!
PeopleNeedToStop eatin ass without jelly or syrup
Goddamn, I might white Nike her.
Let me try that again.
tells it like it is.
Right, they match up better...
not saying they are better.
This life can make you so confused,but it's alright!
Um, also love that you met your husband on the subway!
Too sweet :
um, I think the answer to everyone's question on who am I is really, nobody.
You are in the most interesting of places always.
Enjoy!
Texas Rangers always have a beasty player that leaves after he beasts out..
A Rod, Soriano, Teixera, now Hamilton.
Sucks for them haha
I have an original of that issue, along with a 1958 Jet cover.
Already?!?
Looking forward to it!
RT : BLOG: Concerts in the Park starts NEXT FRIDAY!
yes I heard about clark from his tweet.
And wow only one more to make?
How many got cut all together?
Where's a list?
Post link
Fact: Indiana stopped the negotiations to continue UK/IU series.
remember to include wicked world
that's a bit obtuse.
They need to win 4 straight to get any credit from u?
Id be impressed if they got it 2 6
better eat some carbs, cause shes flat out MEAN.
No good being thin if ur such a b no one wants to be around u.
Slight chance of storms here in south central Illinois for this Sunday.
you never told me who started being fake down there
Love starting the day with FCA, even if it means getting up a little earlier
do u no a way i could reach logan?
RT : Check out the newest episode of NWA Wrestling Showcase and watch how haggard the GEA crew is around the 29......
As much as I pay for daycare I should get an early pick up voucher whenever I pick my daughter up early
I spent this morning talking Talking Heads with Jonathan Lethem for an upcoming podcast.
thanks!
i used to live in bethnal green, now i'm based in nyc.
but will be back to show the series this summer.
where are ya off to girl?
lol I imagined big wool sweater.
My bad
what are we going to do until new downton series, you guys?!
pshh damn i remember the girl i use to like in 2nd grade ;'o
Takeaway 2: Most of these great Library ideas can be used for Archive repositories as well!
Bring the folks in and let them learn!
Here now..
Where you at ballson RT : new study spot: the grove pool
Is Norris worth holding on to in 12team mixed, or is he streamable?
herworld wants to thank teachers, parents and chaparones that were here today.
U were great and we couldn't have done it alone
It's not just doing a good job, but doing a good job against the right activities that will impact business performance.
moviesstarringbinladen They Shoot Terrorists, Don't They?
love twitter
Congrats on your marriage!
Kompany out, Zabaleta out, Lescott and Micah Richards both facing late fitness tests to play Swansea  Stage set for an upset!
I like cereal c:
wanna go shopppingg
please don't I don't want a corpse bride
I love it!
Dont turn out the lights!
Im going to be singing it all day.
Lol
Morning TweetiePies!
Just finished my Café Bustelo: THE magic brew!
Instantly I go from a blood seeking zombie to a somewhat normal human!
THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE AND SUPPORT
this week will rock
I'm in, section 218 stachetastic under the banners
well thanks but it didn't last I have a better one now and follow doyleash people there amazing
If only homework was fun...
IfIWasJustinsGirlfriedIWould feel like I was committing a felony.
Once a famous 16 yearold, always a famous 16 yearold.
Good Morning 3
Lol!
RT : Josh Thomson's walkout shirt is priceless!
Hope isn't hiring and Vote Nope 2012 I LOL'd.
I hate that feeling that the monsters are going to grab that one foot that's hanging out of the covers.
We'd like to wish everyone safe travels as you make your way to your family and friends.
Nothing like the holidays!
oomf is about to go fight somebody........oh boy 
It's time to quit now Rick.
Get out your brooms orioles fans!
awesome, we will definitely be in touch!
Thanks for your interest

in the middle of the MayDay march  great work.
What is one thing you like to do if and when there is a rain delay?
don't forget the love!!
If NU loses this, I can't help but notice there's an nit in Minnesota.
Gotta make those free throws..smh
Find books to challenge your child this summer on www.lexile.com/findabook/, then find it in our library through WorldCat.org.
you got 100k for a redesign?
I'm sorry didn't mean 4 that to sound like a command.
insert this in my last tweet.
My TL still F'd thx anyways
it was the hunger games...the movie differed so much from the book!
pure idiocy by me
Yeah John, because Timbers fans and Blazers fans are mutually exclusive.
Today marks the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks, the most deadly acts of terrorism in American history.
Whatever it is your feeling is a perfect reflexion of what is in the process of becoming!
Habitat meeting Feb 9th at 5:00p.m.
RM 304 Administration Building.
Also a build day Saturday, Feb 12th so please come sign up!
BIG game coming up this Saturday for the Cougs  We can't make it to a bowl game, but we can still give the Huskies another loss!
Gocougs!
Super Disco Breakin
It's been a long time.....
How about some foreplay .....
Lol, dude is crazy .
Just lie for no reason at all
Our sizzling Fajitas are still the favorite among our patrons.
people scare me sometimes
No problem!
Can't wait to see it, that's awesome.
:
Come down and see us we are having a great time!!
Tonight!
Danger Snack and doctor God together again!
1030pm main stage
thats why they call it beauty sleep lol
Got a new belt for my buckle.
Ready for the Lady Antebellum concert tonight!
First and second house flop
Love watching the Yankee kids today !!
so i wake up this morning to my mom singing lmfaoo !!!
she loves him maybe she should make a twitter account
keepItUpAustin!
MAHOMIES!
TREND THIS!!33 TWEET IT TO ME 3 TIMES AND I'LL GIVE YOU A SHOUT OUT!
33
Absofuckinlutely.
Very lucky we're not down a man.
wow pearltrees is amazing.
and I have been sketching out ideas like this, love it!
I love new literaries for texts
Bill Garr of presenting on Pegasus  a different way to think about ePortfolios
Happy birthday my baby!!!!
can't wait to reunite Besty boo!!!!!
On route to San Quentin for the first time, visiting clients on death row.
so 2 ppl followed me on twitter and they dont exist?
thats just creepy
Grind with me 
Truth!
He clearly didn't think this through.
RT The longest anything is a terrible idea
I hate the word pet and I have it my product name!
They are so much more then that.
Ready for the weekend.....
thank you!
We worked with Cathy Nelson on some TAH grants.
She's retired from Cols City Schools.
if you didn't see the story the first time...tune in to Channel 13 in Central Iowa now to see it in a few min!!
So bring on the sunshine, to hell with the red wine Pour me some moon shine
A lot has been done to prepare for the celebration of 100 years.
People in the continent, as well as people in the world are excited to...
omg!!!!
You replied I'm actually crying with happiness!
:' 3 you are amazing!!!
Subway is brilliant!
3
Apple Education Announcement: iBooks store has a brand new textbook category.
Waiting to hear about content authoring tools.
And yo' bitch think i'm bad, too!
:D
no idea no clue who cares suck my dick
Of course.
Later this week work for you?
omg they r just bringing n all the bake goods!
now muffins!!
im bout to pound on these!
When you threw in the towel, God gave it back to you and said not so!
Why can't I get home already!!!
I want to see the MTT preview.
Hello!
I'm on Twitter a fair amount, but lurking.
This havingarealjob thing is cramping my style.
I think I just hate everyone.
What a cool day here in ABQ.
I'm just working hard as ever for Friday again I don't like Mondays.
Good idea by With a little work, something that could easily go viral.
btw this is my other twitter account lol
This conversation going on next to me is unreal.
you at work or can I call you?
An ex said it  I said Jus Walk out!
Bt he js wntd 2 talk abt me nt cookin : The four words i hate the most,  WE NEED TO TALK
Cool.
Good luck!
Read the IM teaser on the new Pizzology location.
Where?
thinkin bout her conversation with Rissa and now my minds in the gutter...
Thanks chicky :
I'm with you on that vote!
Such horrible news: Adoctorenne Rich has died.
I'm so glad I got to see her read/speak my freshman year.
She was one of my feminist icons.
Awesome!
Thanks for the tip Trish.
Checking it all out now
I was looking at my closet earlier, and I realized that I don't use half the stuff in there.
I need to clean it out!
The other day I thought I fell in love.
Turns out my heart was just racing when I saw the beauty of gorgeous art
thanks.
the honeymoon was great.
it was just good to get away from everything for a week and relax!
do you know how beautiful you are?
Good to hear!
RT : had a good time at :3
I can't wait to spread them cougars legs ; yeah talking about a car XD
Injuries don't get attributed to factors outside injuring incident as much a they should.
Otherwise Jazz  Blazers trainers would be fired.
I thought of you when we saw it!
Welcome to Beantown!
If Google needs a no fee apartment, let us know..
Good morning.
Sunny day here in Kipling.
Sun just rising after a rainy night.
Well whatever Pitino is doing obviously isn't working.
Haha BBN is back on top
Do you know where I can store a pea?
Yes, I have some locations available.
.
I wish I had 15,999 laying around too!
: The Citizens Band at SXSW tonight and tomorrow.
Twisted Circus!
We lost the elephants.Break a leg on your shows Ian!
cool, I'm going to Milwaukee for the st patty parade
I'd like to move to Tallahassee, :p
who teaches that lecture now?
lol shut up you know what I meant
Once again someone like you is amazed that things happen as they do.
I'd be surprised if things like this weren't so common.
Oh Zynga, how you just eat up everything and everyone...
I'll be on talking about special pay for SD County employees.
Seriously the speedo run always makes my life.
:
wow, that's just....what?
February 20 Breakfast Luna Bar Smores,Poland Spring Water
Lets get this over with.
could take all 6 minutes before submitting 1st pick, correct?
Not that it matters.
VerizonWireless thank you for the quick service and turnaround.
oO bahahaha!
I might do it just to see you do it lolol
Awesome!
Come see us!!!
:
dudeswhodontdance haven't yet lived.
Personal Trainers in Miami?
Contact me.
i love ppl like that too : makes me cry too especially him cause his mom dont care about him : i feel like beating up that lady
very useful!!
Thanks so much for the feature story, :
18,616 is 2day's attendance, the largest crowd ever 18,616 is also how many penalty minutes Zac Rinaldo has this season.
I highroad this was the quickbus.
At this rate I might get to work by Tuesday.
Freedom is not given, it is taken.
Subhsh Chandoctor Bose
EXACTLY!!!
MY MOM ALWAYS DOES THAT TO ME!!!
Oh, I see what she did there now.
must be embarassed.
Sounds so fresh  nutritious!
Love it.
Really, queasy color combo?
I like colors everywhere, including on my plate.:
Cleaning products that overpower grease and germs with chlorine or ammonia do the job, but they can make you feel sick in the process.
Lol, so true!
that means u do 2!!!!
Lol P
The government doesn't create jobs.
My clients do!
Follow !!!
I created it today for all you people!
Chem test wasn't do bad.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRUNITO!!!!
How about Frontera Grill or XOCO?
NExt time I pass through Chitown that's where I want to go!
Don't panic, just doctornk?
Duval stand up..1st Black Mayor: Alvin Brown...pray this recount is not a repeat of past Jacksonville behavior
Who is ready for a freaking party at Awake tomorrow!?
Its going to be so much fun!
Yep.
Its a Starbucks day.
If LeBron doesnt win a title this year he never will.
Easiest path to a title ever.
Time for Joshua Ledet to go home.
Jessica/Phillip finale.
don't hit yourself lol
GOTTA GO FEED MY DOG.
I'd be interested in finding out how many public institutions use NSSE surveys as primary measure of student engagement?
Looking for a product that will allow me to hear and see New York Times Best Seller books.
Any ideas?
Getting ready to run The Peachtree Road Race 10K.
Awesome
I WILL NOT LEAVE CAMPUS UNTIL THESE PAPERS ARE DONE!!
Sleeping on the floor was not the most comfortable but I needed to sleep.
Great sign for Pacers ...
street corners again filled by those who Need Tickets or so their signs say.
RT ISTE STEM Pz help SiouxCentral students w/ beneficial career advice use of SM  volunteerism Tag
U shouldnt feel bad about who you are because I aM Me who are you?
1 part Christmas movie 2 parts Scandinavian horror film  Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale is UNbelievable!
BEEN HOLDiN DiS NiGGA DOWN SiNCE DAY ONE Free Que
try our organic sunless spray tan!
a flawless,natural glow for spring!
Just now leaving Cape Coral field, wont be home till a while.
So text me.
Thanks!
Retouched images from the shoot just made it to my computer.
you can tell grammer isn't my top talent :P good catch, thanks Brian.
What are you up to these days?
I 3 what you do.
ryan!
i finally caught you tweeting without it being hours or days apart!
now is the time to ask......
will you marry me?
: But I'm not available bia iMessage currently
Exactly, how I see it at least.
Really, see the gf's fam?
Excited?
I'll be on the east coast for the first time.
Hearts go to those in tornado areas keep safe
Bowling with !
Yay!
The Aztecs have a small lead 1411 as we head to a media timeout
Today is Hospitality Monday!!
Also 50cent wings all day and night long..
I thought Cody was ours;;; hehe
It was someone deep within the CIFF..
I have an actual nonStarbucks life, i swear!
Today was a great day.
Don't want it to end
rock that body  black eyed peas.
my rock n roll friends are gonna kill me for this..
but damn what a
So sad to hear about DonCornelius and LeslieCarter.
:
I want Brown not white
Thanks!
Why?
thatawkwardmomentwhen ur car reeks alcohol the morning after and ur parents take a ride in it...
Going to take a nap
i should get that soon
I love cherry jolly ranchers!
haha.
don't forget about that perm you had
Bring the family for our 4th Annual Great Person's Ball at Imani Temple's Church Community RoomOct.
30th, 35pm, Childoctorn5, Adults7
one month til what
Im so bad under stress
Easy.
It's called good taste.
;
Loosing you or losing you?
RT : Thank goodness for the ending of gg.
Almost thought the series was loosing me.
Happy Sunday, Everyone!
Today 9 PM, TNT premieres Innocent, 1st of its madefortelevision movie adaptations of bestselling crime novels!
Postwork Thai coffee at ElizabethStreet.
Austin's prepping for SXSW!
Stared writing a really nice blog post when the internet shut down and all my work was lost so excuse me while I shoot myself.
Miss the way you love me too much..
I knowww: but I really like talking when we do!
You'll always be my twitter best friend.
You were the first: haha
PortraitsofPurpose gives us an understanding of the many people of Boston who have acted their conscience  made a difference
Too long to tweet an adequate response, but, yes.
However, add to that many, many caveats to the point it's barely a yes.
I was watching this movie in social studies SEM and they should a naked guys butt xD I sound so immature but it was so funny
Preparing for our 2012 JeffersonJackson Dinner at the GA World Congress Center in
What is your view on the designated hitter?
your welcome:
SmithRowsey: typical framing: twitter and social media as key tech in Iranian Green Revolution
Xavier Avery is so fast!
Feeling a little better.
By a smidgen.
Come grab a doctornk from Fr.
George tonight!!!
she is cute!
I love her personality.
She makes a great spokesperson!
the funny thing is I think they believe their own lies.
Delusional ppl.
i will gurl!!
I gotta get you kids back in my life!!
RT : Save 2 each by getting Open House tickets in advance at Old National Bank.
See you Fri or Sat
melatonin doctorams are the best.
yeah i just finished NAB as well...
I need something for my commute in the morning still, im game
God bless fridays : 
I HAVE A VOICE!
Speaking today on publisher video at Springboard's panel.
10:45, salon 13.
It has been said that the love of money is the root of all evil.
The want of money is so quite as truly.
Butler, Samuel
I'm gonna be running out the door again by then.
I may do one earlier.
Let's try tomorrow???
16 and u ....
Hey text me on facebook
just went in on Irving plaza.
Crazy way to packed
Screaming M.O.E, even on my birthday
Uggs and panties
Not sure if its Orwellian or simply a way to cut down on ad noise while interacting more personally with your own electronic village
Wow!
The Old Globe won the 2 top prizes at the 2011 Craig Noel Awards 2night!
Best Musical  Best Play!
Great night tonight...thanks for stopping!
Z
Have a favorite course?
GREAT values at Ironwood and Kettle Hills.
4pm twilight.
So proud of my daughter.
She sang the national anthem to a charity event for wounded soldiers.
I'm also so proud grateful of our veterans
we love you back!
ok cool we will do both weekends.
Lon just like Curt.
Always saying something cause they don't tweet.
My lil cousins are over!
: its going to get crazy!.
Ouch lol RT : S/o to me cause all my 40 million views are from the muscle!
These dudes views and downloads be paid for.
Reef Commandment  7.
NEVER catch more fish that you can eat at one time.
If a fish looks bloated in the belly it's pregnant, let it go.
Today's BTU inspiration: Try to look at everything through the eyes of a child.
Ruth doctorper
Theres no snow it's just a cabin.
God if your going to go to Maine you at least have to try to speak the language.
Kinda bummed AJStream didn't mention womens rights in Pakistan  womens roles against extremism.
Very complex topic.
40 mins not enough
The new Justin Townes Earle record is out a week from tomorrow.
Pick it up, he never disappoints.
I ran outside to talk to meis and a jogger ran by me so I screamed like a little girl causing her to scream as well.
I'm so stupid.
thanks for the ff recommendation.
I appreciate it.
I miss you!
Did your present arrive yet???
does that make you a boy, then?
doctornking with Mark Hoegh, 52 Rose Bowl, and Brooks Bollinger.
Glad we finally got to Cali!
thanks for the follow!
NAd Im upset I'm just seeing your site.,...
THATCamp Columbus are back in action.Thanks Twitter friends for the help!
Take note AntiTwitter fiends!
You know we will be because we have a great fish sandwich everyday.
Thanks for the shout out.
RT : Failure doesn't define you.
The fear of failing and lack of risk taking does!!
SMW Speakers from Digiday, PepsiCo Global, Digitas, and SocialFlow share secret weapons in social, including enticing community influencers
100 days til I see you guys in concert!!
I'm so excited!
I've been waiting for this forever, literally 3 FollowMe : 12
I'm sure that Dave  Lorrie are very proud parents.
They've raised a beautiful, humorous,  talented young lady, Elizabeth Egan Gillies.3
DidYouKnow Approx 50 of the US's unemployd age 1621 R functional illiterate, w/ virtually no prospects of obtaining good jobs.
: US Open underway...who has the most to gain with a win?
Bubba Watson would become a household name to casual fans.
he is throwing out golf lingo at an amazing pace.
QT : RT IF YOU GOTTA BIG DICK .most of the niggas that rt'd know damn well they are lieing.
I don't know the context of that tweet but I was there!
One of my fav games
nothing I'm fine.
have you thought about taking the movie on a city to city tour?
2 more shows at Ft Worth tonight w/ and Dueling pianos after.
Loser gets shot in the parking lot
Mets and Braves in full effect at Bounce Sporting Club.
Come down and try our lunch menu.
Masters at 3:00pm.
Today the Lord answered an urgent prayer 4 a friend in gr8t need.
Bro't to tears by His tender mercy to her  that's our great God!
Wish u said yes when everthing was No /3
Divorced the past ....
Married to the present ...
sleeping with the future !!!
RT : You were not born to fit in, you were born to STAND OUT!
With Terrell Suggs winning this week's defensive honors, the Ravens have now had an AFC POW in four consecutive weeks.
South Florida's Pronto Post Still Sees Value in Direct Mail; Comments on ...
Houston Chronicle
Watching Stoke v.
Wolves.
Perhaps it would be a good investment to get MLS Live...
Happy BDay to our wonderful son.
Middle relief?
For the Brewers, it's more like ...
what's the opposite of relief?
I hulk out when ppl dont text me back
SmackDown going to start off good
Are you and working at the Hoot tonight?
Albuquerque city council rolls back green building codes.
the top bball players in the COUNTRY to play under ONE roof  ONE NIGHT only!!
6pm  Game 1: West vs.
East ..
8pm  Game 2: North vs.
South
Computing under the dead SXSW piñata, catching up on videos of northern dudes with rad new records
RT : Mobile tends to be an afterthought when designing online campaigns seems like a misguided notion
Just an example cited
NOdoctor is live!
The code is for ebooks only.
Please email if it's still not working and we'll help you out.
RT : I love how Prince Fielder busts his  on every ball put in play no matter what.
i hope your leg gets better fast!
praying for you right now Lance!
:
I would very much like to come visit you in NYC.
It's ok to dedicate my 666th tweet to the devil if god told me to do it right?
thankgodforsatan apologiestothe humorless
I wish my hair would Afro
Referral request: could you recommend a Philadelphia area business insurance provider?
Yes.
I have seen and tasted some.
I have no idea what Pinterest is other than it results in great office food.
w/my dad to see Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Yeahzaaaaa Go Caps!!!
And I, I really like it when the moon looks like a toenail.
And I love it when you say my namee :
HenningShowkeir Associateshighly interactiveworkshops are designed to stimulate thinking,teachcore concepts and practicecritical skills.
I just realized I've been coffeeless all day...
this is a travesty.
MUST.
CONSUME.
CAFFEINE.
IHop is better to me
Hey bro.
That chick has a nice toilet.
Looking to get some art done for the vibe and Lisa rocks if she actually comes through for once
Thanks to for a great realtor event
Amen!
RT : Wife and daughter back at home.
All is well with the world.
thanks for the follow be sure to follow and let me know if I can ever be of help
omg I know !!
I was freaking out when he annouced it !
I hope he goes to germany too!
You deserve it :
always amusing when guys not on field open mouth abt players on it...
11408inc Vs.
Common.
Idea!
Teach all the boys Celebrate lyrics.
Call women Bs at school, home, and at church.
I missed the connection between parts 1  2 of the VW ad.
Rough first half for Kentucky.
Me.lol : Ppl want to see Floyd lose because he's too arrogant
Thanks it's da beer : dude you should be a comic country writer !
You come up on the fly with some great stuff!
In 200 years of Raj the British took many Hindi words to English.
That is conquest.
Indians took some from English.
That is subservience.
it won't let me DM you back!:/
That sucks, dude.
Sorry you missed your manhugging contest.
At TPC for The Players practice rounds with the staff.
Great time  great laughs!
Attempted to do yoga pose unnatural to human body, let alone outofshape human body, last night.
Can not still feel my toes.
Sorry I haven't tweeted you in awhile.
I was going through some...
stuff.
You may not be perfect.
No one is.
But you're you.
If you have a boyfriend, why the hell are you out !?
GM!
Good ppl!
have a wonderful and productive day !
I also won a 5K this morning.
Not to toot my own horn.
Should be great stuff with the bowl game predictions because that's still relevant haha.
Okay legs are getting sore one hour and 15 mins left
hahaha that too
Glad you liked it!
Had a fab time chatting with you.
See you in Austin.
:
yes : I love both of them!
How old are you?

Your warm apple cider  my achy throat  Bliss.
Thanks!!!!
Emerging from this winter innerself crucible.
This will be a new start, a new city.
alright mo shall return
GPS, I'm just telling you: I will be endlessly aggravated if you are not wellversed in the oneway labrynth of downtown Miami.
Why you gotta be so fresh all the time?!?!?!?
RT :Mayra Cansigno everybody loves you and wants you to have a wonderful birthday including me!
you guys killed it and hit 1k followers!
im a man of my word.
i will release a free song for y'all first thing tomorrow morning!
: RT
Does Emily Watson ever have fun?
oh ok well my friend is in there so I will say its cool!
Congrats!
Archaeology and Landscape in the Mongolian Altai: An Atlas winner of A.
for American Geographers Globe Book Award.
Bowbowbow, doctorp down to your knees
Or maybe Princeton students have a higher propensity for psychiatric disorders.
That act of attention at the moment of the poet's creation
So tired !
I don't know why :
I know you do
Can't decide if I wanna look cute today or not
I know!
I've walked past the place and it looks like such a hole in the wall I didn't think it could be good.
Then tried it and wow
thanks for the mention...appreciate it!
2009 Phelps Cabernet Napa.
Old school Cab which needs long cellaring.
Floral mint nose.
Dark fruit, spice, cedar, much tannin.
89 pts
Wtf is there to do on this beautiful ass day bett ima be downtown wen i get off
i feel bad for the kid with boy band hair :
Prepping for Irene!!!
This could get interesting, stay tuned!
I have a great pic of my peanut watching the angels spin around by the light of the candles.
no song he wanted to hear the bells.
but it's so annoying to watch u and your lover go back and forth
Bachelors of Art so I can pwn at doctorw Something
Wade Davis in the rotation?
Checking out opening day of Amer.
Craft Cncl.
Show  Cobb Galleria.
I think I can waste this day.
did you know that damon has a new girlfriend after rose?
Are you at the Speed?
You're on the RSVP list for the event tonight!
EU orphan disease regulations tend to be more flexible than those in the US.
But price pressures pose ongoing challenges
Always nice to hear from a new fan : I'll absolutely send you a pic!
We are a nation of funloving dopes.
Sarah Vowell
Is he promoting the event tonight?
Make sure you have her getting closer with each slide.
A flame is still burning above an evacuated North Sea platform from which gas has been leaking for three days.
I am tapped in.
no school for me today :
talk about burying the lede on that one!
:P
If I have created a style, a kind of cinema, I did not do it on purpose  Fernandel
new logo?
Bring it on Mitt Romney!!
Obama2012 ready to go!!
The will be iced up Oct.
2012!
The Solor Bears are coming out of hibernation!!
thanks for the follow!!
aww no don't hate them!
We should support all artists in any case!
: Just keep rooting for Megan and Liz!!
:
Extra week
I was kind of sad, I didn't get a sticker this morning!
:
If people are trying to bring you down,then that means you are above them
My friends in just gave me a taste of what they've been working on.
Holy F.
If you're at the Festival of Beer tomorrow, stop by for some Pintail Pale Ale  Wreck Alley Imperial Stout.
yess, I have to use my iPod for now, until my dad feels like buying me a new one.
lol
I am sitting on the patio enjoying bellinis, what is your favorite patio wine?
Are you ready to add that special spark to your business?
Our Platinum Sponsor, Chispa Marketing, can help you!...
Stupid Kansas.
I knew better than to root for you.
Thanks so much!
Succeed if you want a Rolex or a Ferrari but Living is free.
Life is free
You're welcome!
Glad to help.
Business Launch Call Tonight  7 pm Est..
Join us  641.715.3200 access code 670048
The weather may be good now, but how are you gonna act when the rain comes
The Silent Gold Rush is on smart money .
lol...
I mean my twitter page doctorss/design..w/the new blk/white giraffes ...
swanky eh?
Thank you!
I RSVP'd for the seminar on the 31st!
Looking forward to meeting you.
:
People of uncommon abilities generally fall into eccentricities when their sphere of life is not adequate to their abilities.
With the tow truck doctorvers.
TravelTip 7: Leave the MP3 player at home  Bring an am/fm capable radio and listen to local music.
Was gonna run to meticon bikes at lunch for bicycle tuneup, but monsoon got in the way.
staying at desk.
at the beach;
yeah he actually does!
i dont know what there problems are...
Oh, so you used THAT excuse, did you?
welp, I'm taking a nap
hey bella!
how are you?
Hope your having a great one!
say hi to me and my bff
OK I UNDERSTAND BUT WHY DONT U WANT TO TALK TO US?
watch now interview with
I especially loved the 6yearold listening in rapt attention.
Were you there?
Sorry not to recognize in person!
Franzen: People I care about are...serious readers and writers...
also conventionally attractive female novelists
It would take me about a week and I'd have bleeding fingers and be cursing.
Examples?
There are silly big words but some are very precise.
Jammin to and ish Cypher I can listen to this song all day.
Right, agreed.
is like a little piece of Goodberry's right here in ATX.
Sure as the sky is blue, baby, I love you
My little desk top zen garden arrived this morning.
How nice.
It even came with a little book of sayings.
I'll share some of them now.
All afterschool activities at TMS in Quinlan have been cancelled.
severe weather
HowIRoll is on my list of phrases i hope are dead in 2012.
Unless you're a snowball on a hill.
Then please feel free!
;
Lakers asskicking
check area libraries' display policies; we always said it was limited space, first come, first served.
Just Woke
today i have invented an amazing new technology: invisible emails!
:P
I think with a little more time she will get it
How do you do that?
How do you make me smile without even trying?

I WOULDA Bought the Dodgers ...
If I Had the Money  ...
Now that would of been a Hollywood ending!
Well there was just a tornado near my house.I slept right through it...thanks for caring, family.
I really just wanna go to cali so I can play with the clear boards
the best looking nerd I've ever seen.
That's about as good as I can get it.
hahaha
I'm looking forward to meeting you today  preparing for presentation!
txt me punk !
witch sex
More than 100 000 Norwegians have served in over 100 international operations in 40 countries.
Today we honour their service.
: Ravens fans aren't allowed to make fun of Ben for wrecking his motorcycle anymore.
Yes they can.
I absolutely despise 12 step programs.
MAKE MY doctorAMS AND WISHES COME TRUE ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!
Now watching Uprising: Hip Hop  the L.A.
Riots on VH1.
Just bought a new sketchbook and a crayola colored pencil jumbo pack!
somanycolors:
Have fun, kiddos!
Like I said, it's an older rule, like no split infinitives.
hi!
Are you wearing pink?!?
Can't sleep all ready up.
Really sucks
I will never like Joakim Noah, but Go Bulls!
A Bulls win will make a much happier Nick!
love your prices, free doctornk coupons  frequent flyer program.
Your app is pretty great too but why no mobile boarding pass?
hahaha what car were you in ??
And yeah that was me lol
I hear and I forget.
I see and I remember.
I do and I understand.
Confucius
NEW SONG NEXT WEEK!!!!
:D ah
Mark yr calendars: Bee Cave  Texas Hill Country opens 5/16 with upstairs beer/wine bar and interactive Customer Comment Board
101111 is going to bring something special!
.
Joe needs to retire.
No shame, I like to dance like an uncoordinated white girl while doctorving in my car :
Yes.
But don't count them; math is hard.
The only photos I ever post are of my dog milo :
LMS if your having a great day like me...
Sorry, you caught it first.
Not the same without Sean Bean's lucid tones
So M doesn't work for me in Emacs on OS X.
M works fine.
There doesn't seem to be a global key binding in OS X for that, so what gives?
RT : Get the super hot ones.
: you kno that's not happening lol
Everyone please go follow he will FollowBack 3
This little hotel shower makes me feel like Buddy the Elf.
This is !
Elise and joshua should be history!
I love Holly and Colton!
Nas is SO lucky for that video smh
sorry that is
Just finished War and Peace.
And now I will go back in time to make AudoctoryHepburn my girl.
...so hot!
Another try minus typo...Dual bday celebration...
and his bro...goodtimes
I'm too young to be so stressed out..
I just wanna wake up and not worry about anything.
Is going to help his buddy Jack move.
I'm sending a shout out to all family  friends.
I hope everyone is having a bless day.
I cried for the first time today, I have never done that in public before, please pray for me tonight or on Sunday church, Good night every1
If this message is for me, david regarding the lottery?
Yes I would.
Don't need 640 mil.
I'll mke many people rich.
lol what the?
Why?
Alright, loser buys fish tacos..
I think they might win next game though..
I just realized something: it's them, always has been.
Not me.
Fact I only have two retweets from people.:
Toll a Bell for Papa, for on this day, 50 years past, Earnest Hemingway took his own life.
heyy, im good what about you ?
I have a heart of gold.
Thank you to everyone who attended today's Honors Convocation.
Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
It really sucked :/
L.A.
freeways: Negative branding for advertisers?
post by
Touch screen on the ruggedized Dell Latitude now calibrated!
Devices almost fully configured.
After that, next step is database connectivity
Rain coming...
Shred time.
best PG on the roster yes..has shown glimpses of pretty good a few times this season.
Still not content w what he brings...
MyMotherToldMe that I'm beautiful and unique 3
Thank you!
I'm not sure the sleeping well is going to last when I go back to work but we'll see.
Any special St Patty day's shenanigans for tonight's show?
where are those pics at?
since I was 12
why would I even ask a question like that he is the definition of gnarly!
I know!
It is just so convenient!
Working my way north today
BAE  That's My Love .
Main  You Ain't The Only One But You My 1 .
Boo  We Ain't Together But You Mine .
KNOW Where You Stand !
: And Thanks to the roaddoctorn for making trips to Vancouver and Portland to show support.
we love ya!
we love ya!...
lot of good memories, but could watch the 12 Indiana clips from this last year over and over and over
Eat your women!
They love it and most importantly, they derserve it.
You selfish bastards, think of someone other than yourselves...
That Bean Had Mee Trippy Mane
SometimesYouHaveTo use water as a substitute in your cereal when you run out of milk.
Can't wait for the weekend...
is the best video production company ever...Friday's release wouldn't be possible without your amazing work!
luvella
no, thank YOU!
: happy weekend!
RT : thanks for the Follow  following back!
RT : Thank you for screening Urbanized!
I adored it, as did my friend who is less of a city nut than I am :
good morning from one fellow 903er to another!
Have a great day!
I miss my friends.
I been catching 11:11, both morning and night, for two weeks now.
The lipstick is Glamour 101 and the eyeshadow is doctorgon Scales.
another amazing film: TRUE GRIT
don't blame me I was loud as fuck!!!
;
Colleen that is awesome!
I am not 100 in the loop on what happened with the fan  uknowwho.
do u have a link to the story?
Girls Got Rhythm
We've got some killer plans in the works for Halloween this season with !
Tell us what/where you're going to be at!
plz follow me!
My wife loves homemade gifts.
yep I have some ideas.
Ping me on email.
Cool.
Sounds like you had a very smooth  rewarding transition.
: Thanks for your feedback!
I'll be out in early september!
sparkles.
: seriously!!!
Ellona has guts and I admire her!!
thank you ladies for your amazing support!
I would switch lives with Cynthia Rhodes in a heartbeat.
lol I'm just grinding through, were you the threecharacter team?
No one plays more than 2, and I saw a lot of 1 teams.
That awkward moment when you forget to flush the toilet....
never not once wanted an iphone until I saw siri.
now I want one.
Finally decided to give Twitter a try.
yes, very very sharp and substantial
Hey world!
Good morning guys!
Hope everyone has a wonderful day.
Be safe!
Rail jam at Epic Snowboards on 23rd and Vaughn, FRI 3pm8pm.
Come out and support Epic, Killer sales on Board gear and FREE BEER and BBQ!!!!
RELEASE YOUR INNER doctorGONS GUSGUS!!!
Well, I am officially more scared than I have ever been in my life
Thanks for the follows Tweeple!
..
Would love to do that if possible
Good nights  Good Mornings
Cambridge is where you should live.
Live music, great restaurants and near the T.
The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world Susan B.
Anthony
WIAA umpire says it's one of the best softball games he's seen in a long time.
I'd like to thank Olive Garden and their breadsticks for this conversation
Ok!
: just because you are our BROdie.
Ha
Well junior the only girl doctorma i like is bad girls lmao
Just had a great pitching / hitting practice session w/ my son Q ...Such a talented ball player!
My whole family is here in Utah.
Wah wah.
Just wanted to say thank you!
Been following uk bball for over 30 yrs  u are one of my favorites.
Good luck to u!
The Largest Pharmaceutical doctorg Heist in History Was Ruined By a Water Bottle
come talk to me then:
Clark Kellog sucks
I've convinced everyone else that I don't like you and that I don't love you anymore.
Now all I need to do is convince myself..
Go to class!
Press conf for new coach for the Fire.
World class addition.
gonna watch the cnn/tea party debate after i finish up this taylor swift album.
The brotha who is head butcher at Ralphs 3rd  La Brea needs a reality show
I had no idea old rpp's can be fined.
Had old sticker for two years now.
What's the point when the new one is above it?
Graeters black raspberry chip is hands down the best ice cream on the market
I can't screenshot..
: I voted like 56329875 times.
just not into fried chicken.
Much rather hit the BBQ joint around the corner.
Now that place is finger lickin good.
as the winningest player in Augie history, how does it feel to win in Bismarck, ND?
I was glad Manchester United lost last night.
I have no love for Manchester City, but Man U's tactics early were deplorable.
shut up Cinda lol I like it
Happy mother's day to my mom, who once sat me down at the kitchen table and explained what a first down meant.
Thanks.
Right now I'm working on the judgement criteria for an award, it's much more complex than for a book award
Before the end of the month for sure.
Look for an update this weekend on our website.
The Pacers haven't been relevant since their starting lineup was Jackson,Miller, Mullin,Dale Davis, and Rik Smith.
Horrible 3rd quarter for Magic but they are on a big run now, only down 5 with 4:45 to go!
10nothing run!
If you find out about that excellence training can you share?
:
is coming out w/ really cute styles!
Hopefully will be able to save enough so I can get my hands on at least 2 new wigs!
Gonna play Greysons songs on piano when I get it home greysonchance teach myself..luv it
I got OPI shatter polish
You know it.
life's too short to worry ;
Waiting for
They should put old NASCAR races on as replays more
The people who always forgive you are the ones who love you a most
How bout dem Saints?
Seriously who's brilliant idea was it to do construction on the 405 on a sat night..
You're cut
I think i did the BEST n takn tha math final
Government issues pointers for gaining 1 yr visitor status for domestic partners of temporary students/workers in U.S....
I'm still flabbergasted that the Republican party chose as their nominee a man who gained prominence by denigrating conservative doctrine.
just wanted to say amazing smile:...and when do we get to hear more music from you?
RT : Hm....concerned.
Sometimes it could be just to save/archive/read later.
Good luck to
So glad you made it home.
Thanks again for coming!!!
Hope to see you again soon.
Maybe SciOnline next Feb.?
Signs you are getting old: ambivalence about voluntary flight bumping.
To do or not to do.
I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt
Facebook is valued at more than Bank of America and nearly as much as McDonalds?
Wow.
Where are you having dinner tonight?
We're checking out Au Cheval tomorrow, any recommendations?
Man, y'all aint waste no time!
Lol Good looking out.
On the cum up.
.
.
Twatch and C
Volunteering today!
Art In The Park here I come!
:
Thanks for the tweet!
:
You are only days away from possessing all three things, too!
Happy Valentine's!
We 3 our customers!
that's not the ring I saw
Getting ready 2 buy my first smartphone.
Any photojournalists care 2 offer opinion on which is best?
Here, Andoctorid on TMobile cheapest.
Best Raw Food Dishes in Portland according to LiveLive.
Time to try our decadent Raw Cheese Cakes, Live Fudge and Parfaits too ALL OG Vegan!
Just heard that my pal was named the Web Marketing Manager of The Rackspace Cloud.
How cool!!
Congrats Nick!!
:
gets me movtivated to work out.
crunchesandsquats :
I need a manager
In 7 min.
we announce the winner of the 2 Miranda Lambert tix for tonight's show in Milw.
Retweet and you could be the one!
Getting one now :
Yeah, weird...haha
do you have any tips or supportive words for someone who just got diagnosed with diabetes...I'm struggling with the news...
So...
Seth Sinovic broke his hand.
Means Harrington will be getting some time soon.
oh okay:
los angeles has valets for their strip malls.
Anybody seen ?
Figured he'd be all over this SOTU business....
cnndebate commercial count.
Banking, financials, coal, and oil....
Go figure
I love it when my own mom calls me a whore
Very nice!
So much to love...
so hard to have a top 5 LOL.
has arrived!
Life is good!
:
I had the worst sleep ever last night
RT : Get right or get left ...
hahaha!
It's JUST like chicken soup.
It was really tasty.
Back in the states!
We are very proud of Dj AyeMeezy 
im lost but okay.
Getting my working out on doctorpping ten by thanksgiving
Sundayfunday at Beach Bum!
Happy Friday facebook fans!
Do you have any fun riding plans this weekend?
Tell us about them!
4th qtr Celtics doing a good job rebounding and looking inside to KG.
Continue to stop the pick and roll and defend the 3 point line.
OMG is right!
Blasting in my crib like its my B Day.
Happy B Day over and over again love.
You motivate me!!!!
And I don't even care if it's got purple unicorns on it.
I just need a freeeking calender.
TIIP4P Kim Armstrong/Dan Campbell: Call an ELMO
good to see you last night!
laying around in need of sex
Now I'm plotting what to make her watch.
Fresh out of ideas tho.
She likes a lot of the stuff I like.
Wish chick fil a was open on sundays.
Yes definitely wanting an exotic closet.
I liked the one that was all open.
Of course you have to be super...
odds on Estelle starting from day 1?
You're welcomelove that you're livetweeting these sessions.
fridaycoffeeclub is at ME Swings, 17th and G Streets, NW usually from 08000900.
See you next Friday.
:D
there's a whole lotta fail going on this morning with my ruby config
I couldnt agree more.
pop inn cafe do the best breakfast.
Is there a rough launch date for Frigost Episode 3?
I forgot about you last night.
For the first time, in a long time, I did ...
Changing the channel...
Pens
I think Maroon5's new musicvideo just exacerbated Payphone's lyrical identity crisis even more than I thought was possible.
ibm...somthin she don't already got???
Lol good luck!!!
Tht loser feeling 
That's all from the SGA Awards.
Congrats to all the nominees and winners!
have fun
Tell a friend, to tell a friend, to tell a friend about Therapy Thursdays at REHAB Ultra Lounge :D
tip for library job hunters.
Let me know that you invested at least 10 minutes investigating my library before you apply.
Ready for the weekend to party
My new book Audition for Your Career, Not the Job is coming out in a couple of weeks.
We've been working on digital uploadsvery exciting!
some attractive underdogs on this weekends college football betting card
I don't see the big deal in that hockey hit last night that everyone is talking about.
That happens every play in football.
Sad that I still haven't hot my 1000th tweet.
Lol.
I'm not even close.
thanks for following!
Looking forward to a great 2012 in JC!
aww :/ where do you work?
Continue to strive for a better future.
Even if it doesn't come to you when you want it to.
do you mind to following people that didn't follow you?
I think it would be fun and plus you're adorable i think 3 :
RT : CNBC...Phoenix and Chicago.
Thanks!
Never would have found this game.
Wouldn't have guessed CNBC.
maybe u or ur club need some in the showers to get u to scratch hdcp ?
we r featured  many fine clubs 
I hr till Sorry More than I can deal with.
wait...not a crispy bitch????
Hahaha
Oh it's true...
I'm comin back so don't worry...
Love all the students in graduation gear walking around!
uwgrad  fb
thank you thank you!!!
3 you so much!
wishing a happy fathger's Day to all!
Jus gave a follow.
I aready been followin him my whole life doe.

sometimes I wonder do I ever cross your mind , because your always on mine !3
BBW here go Kesha's scary ass
making some calls for sunday school
May 21  APOCALYPSE!!
hell yeah
doctorma at the skoo house
Thanx to the guy who gave me Tommy Shaws pic.
I'LL love it forever!!!!
Fro sure!
Iola's my favorite course, a little bit of everything there.
You?
I absolutely love it!
Im a monthly reccurring member!
Really loved the Cammy pics...hee hee.
RT So awesome...living your doctoram....
thanks for the follow!
loved zombie wish i could be one in a movie with woody!!
yea I hear ya bruh!
doctorBrewton on the scene lol!
Thanks for asking.
A couple close calls but we made through with very minor damage.
12 total tornadoes, crazy day!
Why does walmart hire so many old people
goes upper deck!
Welcome home
Huh so it looks like won the scprimary.
Great job nice debate
Haha love it  see you soon!!
RT : En route for ciartoweddingweekend I stole this tag from you bc its genius
I wish I could RT that!
dude, if you can tell me where to get good pastry in this desert, I'm there.
Like Batman.
My sister throwing a fit cause she swear she seen a wasp in her room.
She's trippy.
one of the best base runners i've ever seen.
man, we had a million of 'em back in the day.
talent show in tampa looking for talent all ages..
get at me
Its sad how something so meaningless as a little blanket or a bear could mean so much to you as a child and now...
nothing.
Kobe lost the ball
Absolutely Anita!
Have a marvelous day!
Congrats to in Carmel Valley and Park Station in La Mesa for earning the first MOVE Alliance endorsements!
Sanctuary!
Sanctuary!
can't believe they are going to let the NASCAR doctorvers doctorve on that burnt track love michael waldoctorp..always did..wow what a wreck lucky
my twitter is messing up..
sorry!
i will follow back when i can though!
ill give you a shout out for the inconvienence!
:
I think you are so cool for disrespecting women!!
No wonder girls don't like you.
was telling him to join our group
you are welcome
welcome back.
We missed u!
But this year, he turned and kiss selena gomez and didn't even mention the fans.
Newsflash justin, were what created you.
And we will br ...
2k has Miami falling to 5th place in standings without Bosh
I don't want to be reponsible for igniting the conflict.
:
I hate it when people with no authority try to tell me what to do...
lmao my fault
Hah!
RP just threatened to kick their asses on a bike ride.
Love him.
Like , the song baby .
Idk but it always does .:
Oh yeah...high 2
loves when my brother puts my phone on the railway tracks.
Where will You be this New Years Eve?
To all My Twitters please be safe this New Years Eve and make 2011 the best year of your life..Peace
Had a doctoram that I was chillin with Melissa Etheridge...
what a great way to start the day!
:
Ok last one I promise: put aside the math and the logic of it, you gotta know you're wanted too :
I don't play well with others in the morning.

GOOD question..
While I am a highly effective at relationship bldg I am always in search of new online tools
Wild Wednesday; Have a great night.
It's all yours!
I do not know what is going on with the LosAngelesLakers; I though that they would win easily, but they looked horrible much of last night.
I'm a Nazi when it comes to the correct your and there and when people say they gauge their ears.
Lord please help me to understand me
Lol...u r sick!
life and death lies in the power of the tongue speak victory over your life
Checking an item off my bucket list tonight.
Seeing at with the wife.
Rocking the pearl snap now.
Wonder if they make pearl snap chef coats.
Shocking news, there will not be a moment of silence for the murdered Israeli athletes from the Munich 1972 games in London this summer
Amandeishon hi, its me.
Happy holidays From
3 and 3.5 are just around the corner, but no word on 4, but they say very close.
I know you know these are about you!
I HATE people that act like they so big and buff when you have more boldness than them and they gay best friend
GOP wants to make it clear: the only one doing any handholding of school childoctorn is gonna be GOP congressman and schoolboys..
GOOD JOB
I kinda wanna doctornk tonight.
What say ye, ??
TY for following us !
Have a great Monday!
whoa there pause for just one sec...
Did really just tweet that 
Step through the door...
into the places of depth, doing and doctorams!
all of you can grow up...
good local nwindiana people to follow , positive  not in your face
Have a good one!
This kind of occasion is why we're building a prayer app for your phone!
Please see www.birdofprayer.org
My underwear doctorwer looks alot like zachs closet...alot of plaid
What's from the earth is of the greatest worth.
Happy earthday friends!
Rob Corddoctor.
Over here.
My moms crying at 8 flavahz Angels mom having cancer : aw mom
Literacy is a bridge from misery to hope.
Kofi Annan
same shit different day....
Who??
RT : I want to fuck her up R/S
Shout out to and for making round two of the kstv casting!!!
cus you got that one thing
I'd rather be black as shit and fine as hell instead of light skinned and basic
WTF is wrong with your school what grade are you in?
I feel the same way about a certain person right now
SituationOfDay Nothing can be done for previous hands.
Hand dealt is voided.
It's almost 3 am.
Why am I still up doing work?!?!
Gah!
Time to go to bed.
Today in music history, The Beatles receive a gold record for Yesterday in 1965.
NYGiants ball!
It hit his knee!!!!
Haven't been on here in a minute, wtf is up Twitter
Please follow !!
I did before that..
The mango pineapple is leaking
To The Person Who Just Unfollowed Nia.
lOl.
GOOD Job.
GO follow Me
If u feel like u made a mistake, fuck goin back n forth feeling good about it: correct it!
what you up too ?
you can also just type in your email addoctorss to sign in lol.
Need 1830yr old Female Promotional Models in GA, AL and North FL.
6 month perfume campaign.
Contact me for details!!
no, YOU'RE perf
The median professorssor doesn't even have a laptop, but we're talking about giving iPads to all the students.
Backwards?
Yes is can snow in Minneapolis in April/May!
Even blizzards!
AAM2012 Be warm!
Just as I'm about to fall asleep my dog comes and slobbers all over my face.
Thanks buddy.
shut up.
I shouldn't have hesitated on those heels!
O so jealous right now!
eeeeeeelkkkkkkk nothing like a reminder for you haha
you missed a heck of a show at UK's Big Blue Madness last night..
Can't wait to see you back at Rupp..
Go Cats!!
Smoking blunts talking bout sex wit my sista...
Great meeting of today..
follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook!
In my feelings 
thats good and you are welcome
back from costa rica...doing laundoctor!
No Shame starts in 20 minutes.
Come join the insanity at 2215 W North ave.
3 beer that isn't green.
There is a major thunderstorm happening right now, therefore the dog is hiding in the bathtub.
commented on Modular Datacenters: Pros  Cons
your kidding?!
I wish my parents would take me from Florida to Arizona to see the boyz....
Volume I coming this April with amazing featured folks!!
Great interviews, images, and top personal picks for NYC
Just signed up for DayofDH.
Looking over previous DH definitions, wishing I'd done something snappier .
.
.
oh well.
27 in 27 days?
Bless you and good luck.
Now I feel silly bragging about running a 5K with out stopping for the first time.
Heading to Gus OH YEAH!
No problem.
The Csuite averages at least four different devices for business purposes
Music is revolutionizing!
so were gonna work on this idea but shittyowners might prevent us.
Burglary prompts warning of home improvement scams  Baltimore Sun
its time to move on Eddy, it's time to move on!
cc
Happy St Paddy's Day!
Be sure to follow the DCdoctornkUp hashtag this evening to see where we're at  latest happenings!
I love Assam, but have been caffeinefree for just over a month!
:
Rainy days are grounds for lazy days.
it's about time, now if you could only get them to play your music on the plane, there would be a lot more happy fliers.
thanks, btw.
excited to spark the brains of little Haitians.
Why does Pitbull always say 'blow the whistle'?
lucky duck!
I have a lot :
America needs Obama care like Nancy Pelosi needs a Halloween mask
all of us have an opportunity with
One bad decision can jeopardize the integrity of an organization.
Michelle Lee, Northeast Regional President
The 40yearold virgin!
Today is a great day to get your pet fixed.
Please.
:
you greedy lil thing you!
Traffic is nasty today in downtown
great.
is it screening in the market?
Rainy Seattle night airport shuttle, blues on the radio.
RT : Tiki Barber documentary to launch the Fumblecore genre.
wait but guys i met ed
If she were minding her own wouldnt care but she made me feel super grossed out when she was checking me tanning last summer.
Yah.
Gross.
Person who uploads the most wins a 50 gift certificate, and one person will be selected at random to win 25.
Start taking pictures!
'Eat It Don't Tweet It' Music Video Mocks Food Pornographers
Like I said.
Sum people juz mad cuz they cnt suck my penis.
Lol.
Jk
that just struck something...
2night the place 2 be is Broadway Bar No Cover.
3U CALL IT.
Dj Mystik in the mix.
Peter Blue hosting the party.
Dnt miss out
Same here!!!
RT So excited to be working with on website revamping!
Stay tuned for a fresh look coming soon!
Scrooged is way underrated.
One of Murray's best.
thank you for following too!
Wow, so jealous !
nahh, I don't agree :3
question then is how long can you stay on the edge?
outstanding job!
Is this really the ?
Wine bar and good friend  pretty damn great evening.
get me out of this stupid city, time to meet some more Johnny and kevins...
I used to think so many things were impossible until God showed me they're more than possible.
Now I'm a BELIEVER, a true BELIEVER!
I'm screaming it and you still can't hear me
I can think of alot of reasons Not to be at work hate when people don't turn autoresponse back on and u see around the office.
OMG!!
This Plyometric Cardio Circuit program kick my ass this morning!!
What a sweat....OMG!!!
lets do another one.
but DM it to belibers
2 for 20 with free shipping.
WWW.yeldahgoods.com
heard that!!
hi brennan.
interested to chat with you.
can you follow me so we can dm?
yeah mate!
hope you're having a good easter weekend : loving it, but so confused as to what day it is ha !
hell yeah
PS I owe you a license plate!
That is so badass.
We have posted about My Deaf Family on our site  FB page 4 parents/familes/those w/specialneeds www.knowledgesafari.com
When you want something done right, I guess you've got to do it yourself.
i just want to kiss you.
Photoshop is eating 4 gigs of RAM.
And I thought I was hungry.
you still in Madison
R.I.P.
Point Game
My teenager just fetched me a Klondike bar.
What will I do when she goes to college?
sniff
you're starting to sound like me with all of these stops!
Here's to hotterthanbiscuits getting a good work out this summer!
queen of nerds.
Saw Ripken play there and though I barely remember it, Murray too.
Have you ever googled yourself?
:D Love you!!!
will be doing a music video soon with for his song Sweet Tea check it out!
That's pretty cool stuff, glad to hear it
I dont like watching Jay Leno...
his chin is toio long
until later
Nun much.
Just came home.
thanks Rob!
Thats pretty fancy!
RT : oh yeah...
is gonna wear his golden sombrero
I'm at the carry once again getting food lol.
it is my example an inflated word to my students.
I had a professorwho used to say, Clarity is a worthier goal than professorndity.
You?
MY little brother passed all five of his Ogt's first try!
I'm like so proud of dude I love you JayMan!!
Happy Valentines Day ladies.
We have Vday specials going on until the end of the week.
Give us a call.
I think he was talking about returning to the court period, not 100.
And, btw, you don't want to rush it, should be '14.
U need to hear the bits on freekshowradio.com
After being at iset11 in Philly and now at nctm12 in Phillyit is amazing the difference in educators using some device in sessions!
Yeah, I bet your life is so awful because you're skinny and every guy wants you.
Next, a shoutout to !
Thanks so much for being my 996th follower!
:D
headache and earache  smh
not really, not at all.
doctors, social media people, car repairmen, etc.
Probably shouldn't have tweeted that, was a little down b/c of a call.
Wow Time is flying.
Happy last day of January!Make it a great day.
Thanks!
: , I'm giggling my face off at your aimsoundersready headlines!
The campaign rules, as do our boys in green  blue
Winter weather or summer weather?
Ay, the suspense is killing me!
Definitely got to catch up on my computer time.
Next week, my seasonal work is going to be hectic.
Last summer I literally spent EVERYDAY with my dad because he needed something to do to take his mind off them damn machines and medications
Great stuff!
Try something new for it is all new anyway, only our habitual perceptions makes us believe the status quo exists.
Thank you, Connie!
good luck!
A modern take on 'Cosi fan tutte'.
It's a comedy in the original, so it's supposed to be funny.
Even funnier in this format.
Emma Diaz is sounding FANTASTIC!
on the outside, im calm and cant stop talking about the show reveal for tonight.
on the inside, im like a little kid on christmas.
Amazing effort, incredible passion and hard work from all the team !
TY for making our first TedxYouth event such a success!
im on the move ..
once i get to my destination  i got you
poor girl.
Am sorry.
Soon!!
It was really handy being high when I had an hour without electricity lol :
and once again i am up by six....
Wade is still napping it out.
Doesn't matter: LBJ feeling it.
D.
Rose has to keep attacking, Deng has to hit his open looks.
Depends on circumstances.
4 yrs ago I ran vs.
Ronn Ferrell.
I was wishing Dem presidential primary coincided w/ our general.
boo!
I think Sbux tastes like mud  just talking straight coffee, not specialty doctornks.
Caribou is good, but there isn't one close...
Your language is unexpected.
It really doesn't fit your professorle.
You keep hanging around non goalistic friends and you follow.
guilty as charged on the rhody thing..
new professorle pending..
thanks for watching!
Okay I love 3
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather..
Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Won't be looking for that on TV, LOL!
we gonna go party at the movies?
Hahahahaha.
More FACup action today!
Tottenham v.
Chelsea live at 11am  who ya got for the win?
Everything changes so quickly.
Older couple at post office wife:where do ya wanna go to dinner husband:i dont care youre more picky than me I can relate to this woman!
why have all google tools been SO SLOW or not working at all lately????
Haven't been on here socializing much.
But what's up world?
How's everyone doing?
i dont want him to leave :c
Good Morning World, the book critic has returned from a great trip into the city and out and about in Tenn, NY, Fl, new authors are coming
All crap jokes aside, two bits of my heart walking around outside of my body.
Thanks for a perfect night!
Markets have been improving, but unemployment's up.
Do you think the economy is improving?
Call and share your thoughts: 3177360950
U are a thirsty ass bitch if u tryn to pull a relationship off Twitter.
If it was up 2 me, yall would get a bag of cat piss thrown  u 24/7
I saw it from the tv story
on the behalf of management, I thank you for your patronage
i bought Up All Night Limited Edition , Up All Night Standard  on itunes : soo i bought it 3 times
A customer is our most important visitor.
We are dependent on him.
He is not an interruption in our work.
He is the purpose of it.
rip kristein's love life
M....
irradiated eggs.
Because procreating exempts you from society.
Thank you to KVRF in Palmer, Alaska for picking up American Routes!
Can't wait to start serving you!
you should tweet about !
you'd love them!
:
Thanks Aria!
My biggest fear is growing old alone.
ha yeah i hope we get enough ppl D:
I'm the reason that you always gettin faded.
Love 2 travel but hate booking flights?
Book ur hotel with us  we'll scan the web 2 find u the best fares..FREE!
Pumped to wear my jersey to the at game tomorrow.
Wish they were playing for something though.
Deciding whether or not to go to IDEA this weekend....
I cant deny my unparalleled love for the phad thai at Thai One On on Lake City Way.its awesome as is all their food.
Dont deny yourself it.
haha, most of what makes people happy is already legal though!
except for natural things which make you look inward and reflect.
Check My War Wounds
Texarkana still leading Northeast 71 as we move to the bottom of the 7th
Nothing brings down walls as surely as acceptance
hey Paula India is going amazing !
Can u tweet out watch on the IPL launch tonight 7 pm India
as long as you was smoking good sugar...
no idea.
Look it up on the US Patent Office site.
Half of my book is about him.
RT : OF COUSE Claiborne only took 50 of the Wonderlic.
He's used to only using half of things.
Lol I'm Listening To Whitney Houston 
I'm always on the go looking for that perfect shot!!
Camera Dave said that to me when he walked in...it took me a minute but I got it!
The new ranking FIFA: Spain, Holland, Germany, Brazil, Uruguay, England, Portugal, Italy,Croatia, and Argentina.
Mex 20  USA 30
TURN AROUND
..
But he is a fighter and we are praying for him...
I know that hindsight is 20/20 but I cannot help but wonder why a pitcher of MarianoRivera's age is out catching fly balls pregame.
hey!!!
I misssssseddddd u!!!!!
3 i been good !
make it 5 in a row tomorrow.
Booyah!
: As I finish this school year I'm even more excited for next year!
// amen!
I wonder if they'll ever rerelease any of the old 1950s 3D films in modern 3D.
I hate my life.
This is fucking pointless.
I mean yeah Austin being I'm Miami is gonna be different, but he'll always be that 14 year old boy from Texas.3
Now she tells me she wants to have 2 boys  2 girls bc boys  girls play different things.
This way the boys play together  the girls too.
Man...
Im a fool
she don't wanna go outside tonight,  in a pipe she flies to the motherland and sells love to another man.
I want to sing like the birds sing, not worrying about who hears or what they think.
Rumi
The Mosley Family GO HARD!
Ya' Her'd!
BOSS!
BOSS!
DETROIT!
CHICAGO!
LA!
PHILLY PA!
VA!
ATLANTA GA!
ATOWN!
MIAMI!!!
We know you meant sweating, not swearing.
Cuz a nice Adventist girl like you would never ever swear.
Enjoying some fantastic speakers this morning at MPI Mid America Conference.
What are you reading?
we hope to see on Sunday at weddingpartybridalshow!
We'd also like to invite u to our industry only after party 5pm.
:
i followed yuh can i get a follow bakk!!??please??
i LOVE the Alchemist and The SKIN I'm In...currently ready Yourgu by Marimba Ani
Yo check my IG feed for a preview of meals.
Is twist coming back to Atlanta?
I thought cupcakes were the new doughnuts?
Are they switching places again?
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
Thomas A.
Edison
thannks for not answering me :
Workout all over with.
Great opening to the week w/ a back workout this morning.
Got another one tomorrow, but that's hrs from now.
my thoughts exactly!
we don't fuck off she just gne try scare yo ahh away to see if u ain't going
Yeah, there will be wifi once the cafe opens.
Clearly both dogs need to be crated for my new puppy to remain calm in his crate.
World of difference.
send in your wildwesley tweets to show up on the big screen
AmericanIdol is making me sad.
What the what?
Please make it stop.
Hoping it's the Thunder and Heat in the finals!
Stay tuned!
RT : Congrats to Keenan Caldwell who won a 100 card!
Three more prizes up for grabs this month...
seaotter Stop by expo booth to see amazing new saddle pressure analysis technology.
Saddle blues?
Demo all day!
thanks bro I appreciate that!
If you ever wanna cop anything use Steven and it'll give you 10 off and free stickers etc
Thanks for following  I'm looking forward to your tweets!
: just make sure your landlord is in on the game.
I take no responsibilities for making you homeless!
.
reports from Falk camp that people don't appear to know AP called it for Barrett, some 10 minutes afterward.
just got the latest EW.
It has Adele on the cover.
Apparently, to mark an anniversary of when putting Adele on the cover would have been ok.
Andoctorw  cesar have the same scent loll
LAKE SHOW!!!!!
Meeeooowwwww!
Just a few more minutes!
I dont know what to do.....
Im confused......
I dont want to hurt her feelings but.....aaghhhh dammit
CDC now recommend all entering college for the first time are vaccinated against meningococcal meningitis.
RT Off to exercise, missed some this morning.
Will be back to check on you all.
Thanks for following me.
great presentation at the
Pshh right.
Like I'd miss the idol tour.
I'll be front row ;
Term White Hispanic didn't exist before Zimmerman came along.
They need to the word white in there or the story fizzles
Only we can make our life what we truly want it to be, ask for direction and you will get it, not following it is the problem not the answer
some saturday night sampling
u think thats the 16 we should go with?
I always forget that pausing/fastforwarding/recording television is possible until I come home
haha way to go Alex!
Happy FF , , , , Have a great weekend.
Follow to get a chance to win a autograph picture of one of our past starting 6 players!
Help her get to 100 followers!
Turns out forkear was Sam, not
RT Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
/via
Little 5 has arrived!!!
I hate you!!
1DLikesBigBums THEY LIKE BIG BUTTS AND THEY CAN NOT LIE.
I would if I didnt have to be up at 5:30
We sure Taking:
RT : That's a 47min video!!!
I am looking for a highlevel overview to share with my management :  DM me with specifics.
Do people not know that health insurance is not free.
An Ins.
Company covers BC.
It is called a copay.
Ins premium paid.
Not free Russ L.
Would you say that's your work space?
Describe your studio to us.
was it the ones of you wearing JDiamonds cause if so im glad u got them back...lol
i dont got another one niggi ; slanted ones .
Thanks for the RT 5 Stupid Things Supervisors Say That Get Their Org Sued wp.me/p1lzfR3S
Go team, go!
awesome!
kill 'em dead
I love writing music on TabIt.
Jints going through atypical Dec.
swoon.
Green Bay making mincement of NY secondary.
4 turnovers doesn't help either.
No Steve Smith, too.
Thx  info is for Have a good week!
sports and news would be my guess for explaining that
Everybody follow my sis , we follow back .
Pretty sure the entire Gulf of Mexico has taken up residence in my hair.
Very well could be!
Put on right now to see piss doctornk Nick Faldo break down the
5 mins YEAH BUDDY.
let's do this poo!
when a guy tells u he loves u its the best feeling in the world 3 :
Are any of my followers Boy Beliebers?
:
I know it's been a while
Don't be hatin'.
I miss my boyfriend!!!!
love that!
Middle Finger To The FUCKIN COPAZ 
Just saw '9'  one of the worst movies i've seen in years.
Stay away!
gas weed wacker?
anyone?
it's needed for our clean up on Monday 7/18
Romney said at a private donors meeting this week that he planned to get rid of HUD if elected.
I'm doctoram chasing.
Masty is starting to look like masty again.
you know what says..
you have to have the rain to have the rainbow
Have a wonderful time!
Thanks for using ShowClix : Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
The wheels of justice were stopped for awhile but at least now they are slowly moving.
Justice for Trayvon
I'm bout to get pretty
Happy Birthday to team M.E.!!!
3 ya'll
Why am I this tired BEFORE I eat?
there R 2 interviews of yours that I swear I've listened to 1000 times in the car.
UR huge man, luv 2 meet n thank you some day!
yep me too 
Just checked analytics on 's tumblr traffic.
Surprised Twitter is a much better referrer than Facebook.
people actually watch golf?
Those photos of the cherry blossoms are simply beautiful.
That brightened my morning.
See my FB post!
Thank you!
So tranquil.
I think rainy days automatically increase the level on the crazometer for kids 6 and under.
Yogi tea wisdom: Mantras you shouldn't say  I don't know, I'm not ready, I can't do it.

When girls say they love these dudes, What for ...
he don't love you LoveYourself  be selfish
I have to admit that my guilty pleasure starts tonight and I am giddy!
Shooting an OH wedding today, at Skyland CC.
Early congrats to Ashley  Zak, my rockin Las Vegas couple!
You took the words right outta my brains
OnlyCoralReefKids would not wear uniform tomorrow cause of some last second email
I tried..
You didn't .
Remember that next time you say its my fault.
um...a bowl of special k, thens its off to showerville
My 3 year old wouldn't either, not for the whole time.
But I know Jordan will.
Somebody point me to the best ass eater.
just seen a dude w them J Scott's you wanted
ball hard like jordan closing games....jtfo.
please please please follow back :
Good for you!
My wife's in a union and if it weren't for that, her meager income would be the most minimal of incomes...
pretty awesome?
come on, you know it was EPIC.
Bottles were flying and bandmembers were confused.
haha
haha yes!!
But idk if I can yet!
You should see my bathroom and my guest room they're so clean
It is really pretty!
I especially like the beach.
I want to do a physical filesharing, soundscape remix project in
We're now up to 1959.
It would be a big year for Miles Davis, and for the world not just of Jazz but of music itself.
Hold on to your hat.
are you quoting me?
sigh ...
I just read an article from the NYT for class that calls a woman, Francesca, an alumnus.
At this point I'm running on coffee and chutzpah
fuck you're hot..
ff For ontheground practical advice for Gen Y'ers in the nonprofessort world.
Plus, they have style.
you are welcome.
Don't you love my weeklong response times on Twitter?
they look terrible
Thank You!
Gulp Gulp!
Ah!
RT : Me?
Naw.
I think is brewing some for
RT : Glad to see 2 companies with such strong ties to in the Coulter Challenge at NOEW.
Good luck to
Chris White of St Monica is Blowing Up at Frosh/soph Camp
I'm listening...just not too closely
yes!
I've always wanted to be Evie Carnahan!
anytime my dear
RT : Am expecting Eryone at the barber house tonight for the launch party with ur best fit;  me for the info
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
The new York television festival at TriBeCa?
Doesn't time Warner have one of those every day?
mom and i are watching doctorve and eating pb ice cream living the life or living the life?
Come on over come on over baby
Why does McGee on the Nuggets remind me of J Cole?
The first thing that must be on the agenda of our nation is to get rid of racism.
MLK Jr.
We'll be sure to bring you the very latest on that story when we see it crossing the wires!
let's solve this like mature adults..hold your breath under water forever, i mean afterall, you are a fish..right?
Order your inhome meal now for you or someone you love for 10 off this week only!
Offer ends 1/22/2012.
im talkn bout leave  go home lol
Getting ready to interview a bunch of Cheerleaders at a Cheer competition with ESPN
Spent part of the day w/ one of my favorite stylists MaiLei, just wish , ,  were there too.
Cant wait!
RT : Just finished editing my video I made at !
Can't wait to share it with you!
if I flirt with you, I probably flirt with other people too.
im single
Idk why I feel so sad.
haha, I watched it yesterday, I liked it!
:
Don't understand twitter at the moment........lol
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger.
Buddha
In some cases this has happened over hundoctords or thousands of years
UNC is really laying it on Duke.
The things I could fucking say to you right now...
If you would like to see A Long Christmas Ride Home for FREE, email .
shut the fuck up titty head.
Put God First, but in your list of fictional characters that went on to become adult themes to violently control the ignorant masses.
heya mate, do you know if there will be a video posted of the Vitec talk from NAB?
short bus shawty, i need to see you  asap !
Income inequality , income inequality, income inequality, income inequality...
...Ah, ...What was the question again?
Well, you know.
Enjoy that shit now, while you're still young.

I  being a man of God ..
Not easy buh feels good and life iz much smoother..
Oh yes, thank you brain/body.
Two hours of sleep is exactly the amount of sleep I was hoping for.
Might've been too much actually...
I wish I was kidding but nah
Oh yes.
There certainly is.
Why did Kloppas get suspended?
We watched the Classic Albums documentary for Aja on Netflix.
Good stuff.
i miss her.
but i know that it wont work out.
she prob doesnt even wanna see my name.
Happy to be showing and Detroit loves North Carolina!
This is a VERY good Michigan State squad.
Great defense, size and outside scorers mean the Spartans could make a deep NCAA tourney run.
What a beautiful white wonderland at Tahoe!
We are so blessed to be here, but we miss our baby girl Emma being here with us 3
Cool slide show!
It was a fun event.
Monday started off with having to restore our intranet from backup thanks to a server failure over the weekend.
Now I deserve cake.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW ..
SEE YOU AT COMMONSPACE SATURDAYS PARTYALLWEEK.COM FOR MORE INFO.
For the record, I still like Iceberg lettuce.
It's not all we have available.
Ha, ha.
Sorry, popped into my mind  couldn't resist.
Artistic immortality in plastic.
Hmm, I wonder what the resin life span is?
Casual card games
nor should you
I prefer Patrick Swayze's quote from Road House over the 's  Be nice.
Be nice until it's time to not be nice :
Omg can we leave yet?
RT : subaru impreza is a brillaint 4x4 rally car.
i love it.
its one of the best cars ever!!!!!!
k, what time?
Sarkozy: 19 arrested in French police raids
Thanks for the mention.
We appreciate it.
Good show!
:
Y would somebody do that?...
O yea I forgot ppl do/say stupid shit
Nothing concrete yet, though doctorams are firmly lodged.
Light some to this weather
things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out john wooden
bye , ill come back later ;
looks very tasty
Watermelon rosemary lemonade in hand and an apartment in west hollywood in the back pocket.
Thnk u, Lord that this marathon trip is over!
also: none of your personal info is on our site.
when,time, and location of the skate party
Feels good to feel a little better
Is Oral Sex Safe is trending.
That's scary.
Something that's not scary, and definitely safe, is 'Speaking of...' February 4th
At a new year's gathering I asked my friend how she found a date.
Plenty of FIsh she said.
And he's a god kisser.
Wow.
good job this morning , very professorssional
I was all 4 fashionstar but Kara was clearly not it.
She did not sell to all stores  she doesn't appeal to all 3 brands ...
I'm done!
i was jk
lswchat FF should be to followers; get a lot of Tweets from people who've never engaged
Upcoming Exhibit  Solo Show  Tim Hovde at the Muir, Houston, Texas March 12th, 2010 www.timhovde.com
Maybe the book started at chapter 9.
Some people might really like the number 9.
Upside down, it's a 6!
Made it through the first round of nycmidnight short story competition!
Second round starts tonight at midnight.
As a writer, I'm constantly trying to reinvent the art of storytelling.
Be ON TWITTER ALL DAY...PEOPLE SAYING PLAY THE BOOK MORE ..
Bout to go back in this joint...
Nigga said 15 mins...
Business men should be on time smh
have i fuck.
looks like im spending all of sunday doing them.
have u?
ok y'all just lost me
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.: Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
I had the pleasure of watching my sis  meeting the team in person when they came to Tucson.
Great season!
Congratulations!
no.
Start as soon as you can, but just a warning: it's difficult to start your acting career  be a full time college student.
It means even....hahaha.
it doesn't look right tho :P
follow back :
Set the music free.
Dear Girls: FACT You can lose up to 18 Lbs
Just lost 12 hours to three different help desks....turns out my host daddy was bad, but wouldn't admit it!
All is better now.
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
My Tribe called Quest..
Yes.I like you.
If only I could tell you to your face or atleast through text.
/: 3
Rise and Grind tweeters!!!
Motivate your mind today..
Block out anyone negative!!
Stay focused on your game plan!
Lets GO
Beach tomorrow with my besties!
:
Today I get to interview a professorssional action sports athlete whom I've had a huge poster of up at my office for months.
Pretty stoked!

Nice tip!
Comes with brain, side SSD, Canon mount.
I'm ready for the beach!
Great lunch with to discuss websites  blogs  Christmas cards  many other things!
Layin down thinking!
I can hope cant I?
At this year's GECC open forum, language was mentioned as a req.
to dump
stand strong!
My multiple personalities confuse me.
; RT : who doesn't?
lol RT : I have too many issues
Q: What's your big wish for 11.11.11.
day?
Make it a great day!
This is the time when only Aimee's signature ohbro hashtag is appropriate.
Just ask
Sun starting to shine through.
Common back warm weather :
can't feel my head..
I mean i can touch it, but I can't feel it
Congrats Nikki!!!
You'll have a great time at runDisney!
The marathon is THE best for a first choice!
My brothers a loser
A great start to AWP12 : flight cancelled, forgot several essential things.
FInally go here.
exhausted already.
Is it over yet?
Tonight, Sofia Vergara  Julie Bowen shooting guns at firing range  Total Turn On!
Make sure to check out Big John  the Speakeasy tonight.
Look for some dates from us coming soon!
ThingsTougherThanBlakeGriffin Dakota Fanning
You are do rude!
And to think I was going to wish you a Happy Saturday...
You're just a hop, skip,  a jump away from a USwirl with the opening of our 3rd location in Phoenix.
3 RT Realest tweet I ever seen!
Journal of American Med Assoc indicated wellness approach resulted 17 decline in medical visits  35 decline visits for minor illness.
Thanks for the feedback!
Have a GREAT day!
if i see one more person use a hashtag on facebook im going to go to their house and slit their throat!
J is severe/anaphylactic to Egg we skipped Flu  all vaccines last 8 mos due to chemo better to get at allergist?
or doctor?
so apparently verizon can take 3 billing cycles to credit back incorrect charges but I have to pay on time?
transfered to welcome center..
I wish more people would look into what not to do!!!
You can compensate for your weakness with superb organization.
At least for me.

looks like you guys are growing by leaps and bounds.
Thought about working with a recruiter for that hardtofind talent?
Derrick Rose torn ACL in today's game verse 76ers!!!
Thank you hopefully the sixers can win the series now
I be yelling money over everything money on my mind....
Good idea...
hes addicted to sex....
but hes creepy with it
I'm listening, Steve Ward.
I just saw a guy that doctorsses just like abner but muslim or something but punisher hat punisher shirt steeltoe slip on shoes and dickies ...
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Have you ever borrowed an ebook from the library?
: I can do without shirtless Heat fans in my mentions.
I hear that!!
Took me abt 3 weeks to finish up this website for ebay..
and they're really happy with it!!
celebrating tonight w/ the homie
Small world.
apparently knows
If you got stickers this week send me photos of them in your town!
2 days until my bday haha mine is on Easter :
Gates of Vienna: Oslo39;s Immigrant Future
ReflectingOn our past season thanks /  ForA warm reception and great performance venue!
Nice day of doctornking brewskies at lock b.
So happy to see out there in the playoffs again.
Still a fan hommie.
CavsFan here
2nd RT : If you are on a plane in the Atlantic..Happy New Year!!!
Sick of this shit,like seriously /:
Wow, lots going on today!
Recommended hashtags to keep up on all the great info:
Best chat reference question so far today: Can i get my belly button pierced if i have mono?
: Oh, food writing folks  collectively, we can do better than dessertery, doctornkery and cupcakery, can we not?
lol
At 48 Hour Launch.
Time to get pumped.
Hey Im listening too!
Does anyone have the AP Stylebook app?
It's 25  doesn't have any ratings.
find a goat.
i think it's time to eat a sandwich.
The actors in the educational video are almost as good looking as those on Law and Order.
Happy Easter weekend!
Did you egg hunt?
All packed for Kansas Wheels up tomorrow morning so I am enjoying one more night at home with tv and hot tubbing :
Aw.
Why not come out to Cali for HempCon in April and I can treat you to some!
No booth, just attending :
Ooh baby, baby
I saw this too!
It's hard for me to pay for that when I can just make it at home though!
Need my ocean fix.
Heading to Crane's beach with Baloo.
I love fall for lots of reasons one being that they now allow pooches back on beach!
I think I found a fake one lol.
: Every time you bash your head against a wall, you burn 150 calories.
Torpor be gone!
I'm back in the thick of it today.
amwriting 1k1hr coming up.
Anyone in?
I'm thinking 9am.
Need
I wish they'd kept Julia Stiles around beyond that season and made them a murder family
Pretty solid finagling of the rotation by Boston...Baltimore twogame set falls right at the time when the 4 and 5 starters will pitch.
I don't want to read this book at all.
Quite.
I hope he's still researching this data.
u must be gay lol
y does it matter?
i love you 3
Im High On The Early side
because of your tweet i can't stop listening to Glee songs on !
insert facepalm here
Doris rules.
Among the very best in the business.
you need help.
Heres a tip, when looking for pictures to fool Dawn with, Look some where other then Google!
As much as I love Louisiana, I feel like I need to fast for a few days to reset my stomach.
any info on Badger hockey recruits and is it a strong class
Glad you like!
Watching her videos now are like seeing Robin Sparkles before Robin Sparkles!
I think Yoko Ono would make a good dictator RT In your head, a sunset can go on for days.
You can eat up all the clouds in the sky.
It's the editing that gets you ...
I can relate!
DIRECTVAmerica's 1 satellite TV beats cable w/ the most HD channels, the most sports  the best customer satisfaction!.
8324298264.
Coopers did it again...great BBQ pork!
So nervous for tonight!
It's 8:00 and I've already tripped up the stairs.
girl you are famous!: lol jk...he plays on the toronto bluejays ...his name is like Jose or something.
My dog just tripledogdared me to eat a brown banana.
Sure wish she didn't talk so much.
bahahaha nice one!!
:
RT : Will do and SO wish you were here!
DITTO!
Working at again, and disappointed they put the elevator music back on.
Wilco was so much better.
I love it, it's my life..
Just it's very hard work.
I hate when people think gymnastics is so easy lol
Raised over 1400 last night!!!!!
Pictures coming soon!
Thanks SO MUCH to everyone who came!
It's not like we will ever find out either, cause she never gives grades back.
thank you corazon
Parents: Ask your childoctorn if they have any problems seeing the board in class, could make the difference come report card time
2 of 2 about the retention of the positions and not the retention of the actual people
You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting.
It is not logical, but it is often true.
I WAS SORRY TO C....THE HOTTEST BABE IN B.H....WASN'T FEATURED ON ANDY'S SHOW...WITH ALL OF BRAVOLEBRITIES...!!
You can call me Cody!
Sam is my middle name.
Me too!
RT Dude, seriously, I always do on FB or Twitter!
Dude,Pls hit me w/ where  when for the Cup!!
Talk stupid off with your head
Yay for us getting the mind?
People threatening politicians  breaking windows, doors of their office buildings?
Seriously, grow up people!
You're better than that!
Ah, jealous.
Stone tour guides are awesome.
Jamar Rogers will be TheVoice winner.
awww miss u too girl!!!
This group is so small
Why do men think they know anything about being a woman or what we care about?
I would say they are not qualified to comment.
Dante told Dolores last week when he talked her into letting him out of his jail cell.
its alright beauty :
I've always thought it was weird that guys have that high bar when it'll hurt them a lot more if they crotch themselves on it.
I gotta get up early tomorrow.
miss u CUS im comming over next weekend
travel safe!
Only accept cash
Come to Nashville!
buy1get2free !!
haha : RT I need a pair of cowboy boots.
Getting ready for a job interview.
Pray that I get it.
that's a good angle for the General.
He looks less husky.
I think that last caller, Paul, is really Charlie Morton incognito...just sayin'
Finish this: My mom is better than anyone else's mom at..
happy valentines day to all my favorite stoners!
i hope you find love and
some kickass shots man!
thinking about silly stuff hmm...
why not
No one pronounces tallebon like our potus and paaahkeystan wemustfinish what we started
Ready to leave
Bottom paint complete.
Next up: varnish!
Who's getting excited for their tour this spring?
Highlight of my night last night waiting on doctor Broom and doctor McBride.
My papa told me he got a good phone it don't ring smh lol
Just had the best yoga class!
Dead tired...
I'm going to bed soon!
Taylor I need help, I made a mess  as he's making hot chocolate in the hallway.
I have a bad back so u better use your hands or feet.
Or have a home girl come do it.
Now recycling so excited to
Lmao my mom just said leggo instead of saying let's go 
ikr!!
I'm ready!!
Ima be there until Sunday so include me in your plans!!
yeahyoulosing you must Follow me.
newbie here !
If rain doctorps were kisses,I could send you showers.
if hugs were seas i send you oceans.
and if love was a person i send you me!!
no problem!
Just need a few more people to pay and I'll order them..I just can't afford 25 shirts
awww!!
How exciting!!
Tell everyone I said hey hey!
I'm going to buy a brownie to celebrate here.
Miss all of you too!!
My sister's excuse for not letting me use her pants You're going to make me look flat from my butt .
When there's two boys, and you can't decide.
r u checking it twice?
:
And you're still awesomely amazing!
Just started my first attempt at homemade orange bitters and am already thinking about next batch  with violets.
advice?
oomf sometimes spit real shit shit and the other time say the DUMBEST shit!
boygetyolife and beliefs off twitter!
MT: MittRomneyknowshowtocreatejobslikejohnMcCainknowshowto ......
pick running mates
Dear Pandora, Why must you sneak Journey into every playlist I make?
Outstanding episode this week.
Writers are going all out this year!
Ride from funeral was all time best!
You should buy me some tickets for your show and some Airline tickets roundtrip fron S.A, Tx to NYC:D LOL jkjk.
Love you3
If you're eating a football shaped cakepop today in the DMV its probably from us!
Visimeet is great for small businesses that want to try videoconferencing but want to avoid scary infrastructure costs, just download and go
i think the campaign dumbs down an issue that shouldn't be dumbed.
great attention getter, just not thought through fully.
: The ring of love  band name, tumblr or adult toy dfwsem omg water up my nose lol
Lmao okay i should go to sleep.
If u tell someone you're 40 in LA it's pretty much like saying you have Aids.
It's true!
Love ya girl!
You're damn right cousin has no idea.
Hey, dm me your number again.
I deleted it by mistake
Smile and make your own sunshine...
Hello!
I always have trouble creating a shorter, unaccompanied program, so suggestions are welcome!
hey man!
Follow ME plz :
I woke up and the first thing that pops in my head is Young Jeezy and I said: Way too gone...
Lol MORNING TWEEPS
Science!
I'm sure if you put your mind to it you could learn what you needed though.
I went to Sturgis.
When I was 8.
20 hours down, 5 and a half to go
Bored in biology with Felipe ..
ONCE A BELIEBER ALWAYS A BELIEBER !
Super cute!
I may have gave a damn but I never gave a fuck.
I love most of the Harvard Sailing Team sketches, but the Jen Show ones are just cruel  not funny.
New series, please!
its Friday everyone!!!!!!!
HA!!!..
yup and its more SWEETER than a HONEY BUN...
lol
Hangover Part II was actually better than the first, surprised.
I pegged you as more of a black leather handbag kind of guy...
: Lifting consciousness is the basis of any real change.
Ah Yes.
Yes it is.
1 he dies tonight because you put him into shock...
LMAO!
you ma ma ma make me happy
Great audition weekend is done.
Now back to work submitting, auditioning, and learning lines.
Hm....I think I'll do my lines at the pool.
I hate txting someone and they don't text back.
Wow, the pens are the flyers bitches.
Just had a great run.
Now for an early lunch.
the care transition health2con challenge sounds great, but why just 250500 word submission?
Should we just tweet it?!
not too bad
Hello Kareen, Thank you for following us!
I just seen the tupac hologram...very eerie but good
Spending the day with my original BFF.
It feels good to be home
Our lucky fans are so excited to see
uhh you were awesome!
our pleasure to sign that pick.
hope to see you soon!
Just because everyone else is doing it...doesn't mean you should too.
Be a leader  let others follow you!
When discussing Paranormal I do lump in the Exorcist...
So left over Pizza and Croissant are not fuel for Training lol
His mom popped in  informed me he'd seen a book that said S.O.S., which she told him meant Save Our Souls.
Chillin in Winston with the fam today.
: I was just interviewed by for her morning radio show while keeping things under control at work.
Gangster!
Dyed my hair tips red.
Oh yeah!
do you keep up with any handlers/producers from cities you visited from A Cook's Tour?
When your ready....
i can't always respond to every person.
sorry.
Thanks for the follow!
:
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Mobile County until 07:30 AM
Don't tell that to Felger  RT : Pierce goes from hobbling to dunking on people's heads...
faster than anybody.
he sleep
u probably be aight going thru Louisville.
Never know fo sure tho
Where are you looking?
We would love to help.
I hate automatic tweets.
hmm...I have some cute flats I could wear.
I'll start looking for a matching floppy hat...
good question!
I guess Pop just wants to keep it pedal to the metal in this close out game
Congrats to and for making the !!
Great job guys!!!!
I use Chapstick way too much.
I gotta get cardio theater at my crib
: NFL mock doctorft links: Browns get another cornerback to team with Joe Haden?
// pretty please
David Tulloch recently bought a lottery ticket at a Shell FoodMart in Silver Citya ticket worth 515,000.
He plans to invest the money.
Falling off your bed for no reason and not being able to stop laughing.
idk if might like that...
Our honeymoon was amazing this past NYE...
Italy was amazing!
was god?
I guess I was getting the silent treatment ; Enjoy the holiday weekend!
Have we become cattle, gpigs and sheep?
I'm on that pursuit of happiness
; Don't put your lips up to my mouth  tell me you can't stay ...
Don't say it doesn't matter cause it's gonna matter to me.
/3
Exactly, I agree with you!
Xbox til I die!
woke up to piss and their had to be someone in the bathroom like cmon
Touché.
Pretty sure they all leave the huddle after a TO and proceed to ask CP3 what they should actually be doing.
And are coming for you All I can say is '99 shortened season all over again.
Thank you Allan Houston
Free Leather Upgrade w/ purchase of any Ekornes Stressless furniture.
Last 7 days to upgrade your lifestyle.
Sale ends March 20, 2011.
I got called into work
yes, and Asham has some asian decent as well.
I like it!
Just use some windex to help apply.
Oh homework, I rather take you to dinner than do you..
Likewise!
Here here!
:
Important note re hlth: research lib'ns are actually safestit's shared services staff facing layoffs.
Clear need arising for space to allow cross sector collaboration especially btwn techies and civic and cmty engagement folks
TL SO FUCKIN WEAK!
Can A Nigga Get Some Mentions?
Some Dms?
A Girlfriend?
A Snicker?
A Tooth?
Somethin?
Wishing you a Happy Mother's Day!
I hope have a great day and are doing well!
Take care!
Another super speeder though, my Ls is done for.
Dinner: pizza with arugula, fig, mozzarella, prosciutto  parmesan yeah get it
I understand needs to make money  but 20/month to host 10mb is too expensive.
2040/yr for 100MB uploads feels more right
Its all about having the quietest member of the fam speak on stage.
Vegas bound!
Poised Creation believes helping the nonprofessort organizations as a new revolution in America!!!
Fund'em!!
Having a hard time getting my leg out of this blood pressure machine at WalMart.
If you don't know exactly what you want, then you might just get what you know you don't.
RT : Live with humility and have ultimate respect for Mother Nature.
Looking for great examples of learning technology frameworks, roadmaps and architectures models for communicating to executives.
Tbh basketball doesn't interest me that much...
Im just sayin...
follow back :
U always look HOT, but yess.
Super hot tonight!
Bags are packed.
Blastin off back to Texas for holiday!
We'll be doctorpping brand new doctorvnapparel tees right after the 4th.
Peace.
ACrowdfundingProject this is super cool!
Times: Times Sq.
Ad for Greek Tourism, financed by a Crowd
The Hunger Games was really awesome!
Gonna to read the books now!
Go watch it right now.
Wandering reestablishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universeAnatole France
Check for a DM
Fetish Houston is the place to be tonight !!
Going to the doctorke concert ?
Come to Fetish AFTER !!!!!
Houston 3101 Fountain View
Dnt wanna go to da restroom but gotta doctorin da snake smh ugh.
Was comfortable
s/o to jimmy neutron
Tip: sometimes in your career you are the buyer; other times you are the seller.
It is always good to keep that concept in the back of yo
I hope one of them works out for you!
I have one pending with the Bureau of Land Management and am crossing my fingers.
About to go see Steiner Interiors today at 2pm!
why?
They're the worst team in baseball...
When girls call me dude 
Happy Earth Day!
One last night of live music during asae11 with Electric Soul from 9pm12am.
Who says nothing is impossible.
I've been doing nothing for years.
Anonymous
If u still doctorss/act the same as u did in highschool and haven't grown up u fail at life lol
I do not see how a lady can go to heaven unless she dances and then he dwelt on the joy of sin forgiven the overwhelming joy.
That's awesome!
I will get a phone today.
I will get a phone today.
I will get a phone today.
RT : Great seeing  really cool stuff coming down the pipe next week!
Sometimes I doctornk too much.
Sometimes I test your trust.
I dnt appreciate you abducting my friend
yeah  you should have seen my back hair beforehand.
Being a parent is hilarious.
Jessica Alba
Dear Internet Users, Someday u will regret not reading me.
Sincerely, Terms  Conditions.
the baby pigeons grew up too fast and are already ugly :
Surprised that I still get surprised at some people.
FOLLOW I WILL FOLLOW BACK
you'll never sleep again, not even when they go to school
Anyone hear about the shootings in chardon high school in Ohio 2 kids died 3 r injured!
It's soo sad RT if u want bullying to STOP!!
Sony warns shareholders of worsethanexpected 6.4 billion loss: The company says that it will post a net loss of 520 billion yen, u...
HEY JJ!!!!!!
MY BROTHER FROM ANOTHER MOTHER......LOL....
Thanks DAVE!
Much appreciated!
Saddle Ranch on Sunset!
Next true conservative you need to endorse:
Finally got to ride the bike today.
A bit chilly but it was so fun.
Can't wait until it gets even warmer :
i seem to be the sam eway..
ill sit online all day but i rarely go play live..
and i live next to hard rock in las vegas
On my way to
I'm Gone Do Something Big For Her
To love what you do and feel that it mattershow could anything be more fun?
Katherine Graham
My laziness is out of control, I don't even want to poop because I want to continue watching American Dad.
I dont know, worked for Ron Burgundy.
: : Try n hit on me by talkin bout my ass?
Well u can watch it walk away.
that moment when I love you to the moon  back 3
Web service written in .NET that's then hit with PHP in Vooba?
Trying to avoid reinventing the wheel.
I know  to think I actually liked directioners until I found out how rude and mean some are
What a fantastic night.
We haven't picked our artists yet.
We still need to find a channel and funding.
We'll keep in touch, though.
Menu spotlightchicken avocado pita!
Grilled chicken, avocado, roasted pepper, sunflower sprouts, tomato, red onion in whole wheat pita
Tornado sirens going off in MPLS and Maple Grove.
KUOW 7:06  Amy Radil on Obama visit!
Supporters thrilled about gay marriage stance but...afraid it helps opponents.

wasn't me but thats a damn good idea.
Bolton down 1nil at Stoke, QPR stay up if that were to hold...
How about useful tools and techniques for gathering and organising chartership portfolio evidence?
This seemed to come up a lot
I made a whole new outfit last week with things I already had and hadn't worn in ages!
Closet shopping score.
Keep the faith!!
: Forgiving your enemies doesn't help them; it helps you.
Mayor announces huge financing program to help benefit wbdc
I love what we have here in Green Bay, he said.
Im pushing for another ring.
Its in my heart to try to win again.
2012
guys my foot hurts.
what is Bravesnation never heard of it
omg there'd be ambulances and fire engines hahaha
Thanks for the follow back!
Looking forward to seeing the PSA!
Many thanks!!!
bbl going to watch a movie
so im working on playing 3 songs in one its hard to pick the 3 :/
Glad the sun is shining.
Still too cold for my taste!
kiss of death
Just shut your eyes, just shut them.
I wished that I was a student at Michigan State University to complete my Bachelors Degree.
I've got real big plans and such bad thoughts :p
4/20  what did I do?
Laugh at the kids that think smoking is cool.
The only thing that is worse about being lonely is others knowing that you are lonely.
Im really starting to think that the key to happiness is being a bit of a slacker  just not giving a shit too much.
DO YOU GUYS THINK YOU CAN HELP ME GET A SHOUTOUT FROM THE BOYZ TOMORROW FOR MY 16th BIRTHDAY!?
MENTION ME IF YOU WILL HELP PLEASE :
good thing chris martin is lip synching on coldplayonidol coldplay was great at one time
I promise I will.
BTW, just registered for ComicCon today.
See you in San Diego?
Man, what a way to end Tribes !
Near record attendance again, prayed over/encouraged our seniors and played more dart wars.
RT : Looking to reinvent your library in these tough economic times?
Attend our free webcast to find out how...
LIVE TOMORROW!...
WOOHOO!
: Home on the 19th or 20th.
Can't wait!
Room A Thousand Years Wide  Soundgarden nowplaying Man, I love this song!!
Whenever these 'award winning social media strategists' start following me, I always secretly fear I'm being made some sort of case study.
Feeling pretty good right now.
MoovyBoovy: Impressive Clip from 39;Snow White and the Huntsman39;
i bought the Real Estate album last night, so i have new stuff to listen to today.
Thanks much for the follow.
Are you excited?
green bays schedule is way too easy, I really hope lions, bears, giants, n sf bring it...coming from a pack fan
lol thats the wrong from apathy...theyre from UK we are from texas haha.
how's that workin out for ya?
My monitor is too dirty for scifi space animations  can't tell the dust particles from the stars.
Carol King may be a legend but damn she sure can't sing this song!
The backup singers sound better!
Singing along to Divya Kumar and David Cope's albums while winding through Big Sur in the moonlight
Glad you enjoyed your time here.
We'd love to have you back.
:
Running around Oakland trying to find shoe goo  why does no one in Pgh know what that is!?
Not much of anything is priced in.
Bull case is that everything will work out fine.
Bear case is that crash unavoidable.
So glad to hear it!
Tell how ' kids sponsored your friendiversary!
LOVE this shoot!
Mac users  what's your favorite genealogy software?
Have you used Reunion?
Okay.
Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure.
See how this is.
Be careful then how you live, not as unwise people but as wise, because the days are evil.
Eph.
5:15
Thanks for the RTs
Tomorrow the CHS cheerleaders will be volunteering at the Hydoctorcephalus Walk held at the Zoo Peck Center.
Come see us between 8:30a12:30p.
Wish I could let the world hear how stupid voicemails are
hahahah 3rd team you swear, those are all the pictures I'm tagged in papa, go and stalk my professorle some more though
Anyone who tweets an accurate answer to someone elses mscdeng3510 question will earn one late ticket.
Anyone interested in learning grant writing by doing?
I have project I need help on.
PM if interested.
Prefer folks in Madison, WI.
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together
I LOVE YOUR PIC OF SELENA AND JUSTIN SO CUTE
I do 2...again I am a hypocrite...how are u shannon?
headcolds, another class on survey and evaluations, and power point is a nexus point of horror.
I hate childoctorn.
HAPPY BDAY TO MY BRO ENJOY EVERY YEAR IS A BLESSING
Start at shop LG or SML that exposes u to known brands facing real challenges.
That will propel your career, not agency size.
So Benjamin.
Time for an awesome mother'sday plan.
Jamal Franklin  great moves!!
They look really good on you.
:
Havent said anything on this account since March  I still have 183 followers!
Hi everyone!
LOL Thats all I g ot for now.
we have all those artists in rotation on our station.
grab the live365 app on iphone/andoctorid and search for jam the city
I like 's comment about providing value for readers.
RT : There are a couple of Comics studies journals specifically...
cool i will make contact with them tomorrow.
And let you know what available little lady
May the shwartz be with ya.
Hey yo Hollenbeck middle school u dope !!
my facebook page isn't loading for some reason.
Does anyone know where I can obtain Saw Palmetto extract in the Dallas area?
I have some.
I'm so tired now I can't keep myself contained to 140...even when my phone tells me to stfu
Forgetting my Cream of Wheat this morning is sending me into a tailspin.
8 at night right?
Learn to spell and use proper grammar otherwise you just look like some sad lonely little fuck who has nothing better to do.
I will be.
Tell all your followers : mustache is ready for 2012
Who's excited for the February issue of Fashion 5.0?!
I'm so tired of see our men not going to school women out number us and they r becoming bosses while men r stuck in dead end jobs n doctorgs
Thanks for Following me ; You may also follow Let us know if you need assistance.
We are here to help.
Thanks, LM
welcome  you're really pretty !
:
Omlet for dinner
Everybody please come to the game tonight we need to win so we can host substate!
Of the 680 grads in the building, there's only one message on top of the cap  This is for you Mom.
The crow discovers some panicled millet and flies rapidly in compliance with its discovery.
I lived too fast and I loved too much and I'll die too young but I chose this cup that I doctornk from  knew what I was getting in to.
In my personal opinion, My Damnation was one of the worst albums I've ever listened to.
It sounded too rushed.
Watching the game, wishing we still had the doublethreat in the pen/on deck
Thanks for the memories, Thanks for the Memories!!!
In the name of Kobe Bitch ass Bryant
Brave New World...?
Why Does It Have To Rain ?
.
Ugly Day Today :
I went through her timeline, and she deleted all of her antigay posts.
It's to the point where I wonder if I imagined it!
Faried reminds me so much of ben Wallace
Talkbiznow V2 will arrive in 8 days!
The press isalready comparing us again to LinkedIn!
Thanks for the heads up Tonya!
I haven't either...
but not sure if I could take the rejection if I were told no.
;
I gotta sleep dawg
today's a bumday.
check out both my sites: www.killerphotgraphy.com and www.jordanancel.com
Back in Amurica.
I'm only going to be a freshman for 2 more weeks.
This years gone by too fast.
Ha!
Happy to oblige...
haha I know:D
right here sir...
Today's BTU inspiration: Love what you do, do what you love.
Zen Proverb
: ...Proof that I am very longwinded.
Working at an ad agency would solve that problem ;
Thank you!
:D 3
Just said the same thing...would ditch a wife for Kelly Clarkson.
sometimes writing down whats on your mind helps something has got it running overtime :
Satisfy the deep subconsious needs of your customerto feel important,to feel valued,respected and worthwhile.
Brian Tracy
oh really?
Cause I'm always laughing at both of you
Poets can, from time to time, can zero on something only they have to give....says Maria...
Franz Liszt has a way of making a Friday slog more sloggy by reminding me that I am not as good a pianist as him.
is looking for guests to be on our radio show.
Special talent?
Cause?
Musician?
Shoot us a message!
Live from Columbus OH
How do you like it?
More than Bwater?
your lips are sexy, beautiful and all in all, 100 real :D
How fast did you speed it up????
Absorb what is useful.
Discard what is not.
Add what is uniquely your own.
Bruce Lee
for him 3
Gonna stalk hmuuuuuuu
ohh just some girls talkin bout kissing!!!
PS I didn't actually fail
man i just saw this shit.....
where were you at?
Organizers of Students for More Testing reportedly surprised no one attended last meeting.
My man floyd coming out with bieber man.
Omg this is too rare, yes.
let me direct it mane!
The one I have up?
Dont tell me the sky is the limit when there are Footprints on the moonJoin my business with me, lets soar together.
Its raw fish mixed with an eclectic blend of spices and sauces served over white or brown rice.
Or even springmix!
I love being in a great mood.
3
This Seems Like Some Intense Shit
You too!!
Boxing, Back and Biceps today!!!
Looking forward to reading it.
That guy is good too.
Looks sharp, Lesh.
Grease Auditions held overa final open call WEDS JUNE 1  St Josephs 703 Main Street, Pterson,NJ ages 821!call 9147511048
John Cena vs.
John Laurinaitis at Over the Limit?
What the.....
kellen disappeared along with all coverage of BSUnoon games on the Mountain Network suck
some1 Rted his video I think and i started to listen to him on youtube then i fell in love with him
AEX Tech Tips Episode 3: Installing a Single Point Sling Loop single point :
I am proud to be a librarian!
: Just did a test run of ToughMudder Wisconsin.
Bruised and bloody.
Hope you're ready..seriously Let's do this thing!
quotes The trouble, in my opinion, with corporate America today, is that everything is thought of in quarters.
It would pretty much make my day if followed me.
Again.
or talk to old ones.
congrats!!
U r a rockstar!
lol ohh !
okay .
why you headed to fl ??
ohh , wait , with staleyy ?
Hello babies.
Welcome to Earth.
It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter.
Finishing the movie about Gary Paulsen's book Hatchet Will start reading Paulsen's book The River on Monday
Happy Saturday everybody from SL!
KFC hot wings!
The episode of Friends when Rachael  Joey make out  she keeps smacking him, and Ross gets a spray tan is SO funny 
It looks like some of my potatoes are ready for harvesting :
you looked so amazing 3 mybestfriend perfection :
Woot!
Got your bbq sauce bib packed?
The social Web is incredibly good at shining bright lights into dark corners Dave Evans
The wise person delights in the truth and follows the law of the awakened.
I have found heaven!
Cadbury's marshmallow  caramel creme eggs are even BETTER than the original.
Thankfully, only bought 4 of them.
NiQue Live at The April 14th Raising Funds for Homeless Men  There Families!Lets Give a Hand to Man!
is killing it at earthday birthday right now!
get it boys...
So my brother has a twitter account now and he said he aint gonna follow me.
My reply was ok that's fine with me.
haha
shoelovers come get a pair of guie fairtrade handmade shoes they go with everything!
It's gutcheck time, says Dan Rather We are not in a postracial age in our politics.
i really want a chicken caesar salad right now
you did great !
Keep your head up and brush it off come back stronger than before!
;
.
is totally jelly of my I 3 Hanson bumper sticker.
uh well I guess downtown it might look similar but other than that there is nothing to do here like LA..no beach or anything
I meant winky but I think you got that 
The Fray may break Twitter.
Knifethrowing seems like a good skill to have.
right just a typo.
What country you were born in can be tough to recite to someone
Happy Easter!!
Wishing you a wonderful day with family and friends:
ever notice how there is a distinct limit in the number of good movies to choose from?
check out the library for a book or go to INDIGO TREE
We had a raidio interview this morning for Praise 940 AM, and now I just got a call from Channel 13!
yeah I do !!
I need time with you
i think you spelled wrong ;
thats one time though, how many times has LeBron done it?
Now I REALLY want you to get your house.
:
you worked that space hat during Bloody Mary.
Wurk.
IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS WE'LL BE IN DISNEY333
just stay, dont go.
cuz in the end we all end up alone.
Ugh my friend is making me hate black people more and more ever fucking day bc of what he doses
ahaha!
I'll probably do that too!
:
If you're interested just come out  tell me!
I'm not a detective.
I'm not out looking for clues.
I thank you, Florence thanks you.
They're both kinda blushing.
yeah, it almost seemed appropriate given the title.
Pitching coach Dave Duncan and hitting coach Mark McGwire stay with Cardinals under new MGR Mike Matheny
Watching that peyton manning presser was like watching a reluctant couple break up on live TV.
really you think we give a shit get off his dick: Kanye leaves the country to see Kim in a white doctorss!
ph
So true3.
Josh Smith is going to shoot a 3 and miss now
I ran a marathon once and just barely beat a blind runner.
:
Hi , we received your taster app, can you follow us so we can DM you for future events?
Thank you!
Looking for an awesome Christmas wine gift?
Sign your friends and fam up for the Plonk Wine Club!
4 bottles/month for just 69.99 plus...
That's it get it in my sister
I'm just not a social person in the morning.
This is like taking a picture of alex's mole!
Just watched the news.
I feel so sorry for him.
Pray for him yall
Spring Bulb Show runs through Apr 6th.
3/person.
Thousands of blooms to see  smell!
At last, an editor is on InCopy CS5.
After successful test with CS4 on small book and decent deadline, getting more ambitious.
Wish us luck!
So high I can taste the rainbow.
in the last months I locked myself in with a great producer in the industry.
He has projects being released 2012.
tell u more Details soon
Similarly FUEL says to families, make your destiny your ownsave for college.
Gansler: Wants MD to become doctorg take back state, where you'd return old/unused rx to doctorg store, rather than flushing
Earthquake, wow.
My unaugmented reality was having trouble with jitter and registration.
Who remembers that College Hill episode when that bitch got cracked in the forhead with a high heel and was bleeding everywhere?
lmao
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Everyone!
Come into SACHE today wearing green to receive special discounts!
Thanks for the Follow Friday!
I wish I knew how you really felt about me.3

Press a toy in the store won't stop making noises Walk away, walk away.
: Love wifeswap He was acting apeish.
i could ask him again, but he doesnt follow me so he may not see it, but i will try!
Mini Murrow reunion at Citi tonight!
This weekend definitely got the best of me!
But it couldn't have been any more fun  time to start these 40 hour work weeks 
LOL...
That's all I ever run on!
oh my god you are sosweet I loveyou too girl!
Happiness is Five Guys Burgers.
I feel so lonly :/
CHUCK LOST MAD WEIGHT CUH
World Surveillance Group Appoints New Chairman of the Board of Directors
Welcome to D.C.!
We are gonna have fun tonight at Marion St  see you soon!
bristolpalin thinks childoctorn should have a mother and a ..........wait for it.....
father.
words.
can't.
come.
choking.
on.
laughter
no problem:
hahaha.
Yes anything ;
I, along with countless others, owe the willingness to explore my imagination to Maurice Sendak.
RIP.
Second period
: we have some good times!
If your BF/GF claims they never look at your twitter, just tweet TeamSingle and wait about 3 minutes!
Did we ever find out what iPhone app is being used as a timer?
Builtin?
Must use for student presentations.
There was a time when I thought Cole was soft.
Did not like the doggie backpack Cali attitude.
went to my 20th last summer.
Kinda a waste of my time.
Not to be judgey but most of them are still the same but old looking.
Is anyone else watching this?
Pacers are opening a can of butwhomping on the Miami Heat.
It's 2611 in the 3rd.
I did nothing but listen to Justin's new single BOYFRIEND all day at school.
I can't stop listening to it.
It's amazing.

LA will always love the Shaq.
Weren't you going to be a sheriff in Louisiana or something?
What's the deal with that.
hah
DMAA: Industry Under Siege: From lawsuits challenging all natural claims, to class actions alleging products are mislabeled, to sui...
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but see no need for revenge.
Genuine Ken!!!
New episode today...
Name some names that are hobbies or occupations.
I cant think of any!
Still no water balls.
But still early.
Very calm right now.
The first rule of rec league softball?
Don't talk about rec league softball.
nobodycares MT Heard had 2 triples
Check that...childoctorn.
Plural.
All I'd like is a pair of denim that fits me like a glove.
That's all I ask.
Downloading my first free app from the blackberry fiasco.
doctorvesafe.ly pro
i love it when u call me kanye too ;
lol, aww, thanks for the FF love!
Glad to see you're keeping up with good ol' American sports.
:
yooo I'm in the mood to party let's have a house party.
a day with no shade is like a fat boy with out his midnight ice cream 3
My kids and I have a big interview tonight at 710 Talk Radio about the song, Santa's Littlest Elf Has Autism.
Yepp me and Austin and you and Brandon lol
Spurs got the sweep...
you had better learn lots today!
thank for the follow!
If you need some z's let us know!
Wow.
They were serious about closing my email account the day after my last day.
we be tearin it up breakin stuff that ghetto love :
That sounds lovely!
Can't wait for Hannukah and Christmas , yes I celebrate both .
I'm getting a new juicy sweat suit , 
go to sleep :
What are these meters you speak of?
I'm really annoyed this morning
I'm almost willin to put my money on the fact tht Gwyneth will be on the best doctorss list!
But she took tht cape off when she presented.
Smh
You should listen to some other music too!
There's a big ocean of music out there
We're gonna need a bigger boat
Note to self; post midnight biscuit makingbad.
high five!
We play this Sunday at Arnetic in Deep Ellum.
Come hang out with us!
We play at 6.
Super excited.
wow.
real weird.
I miss the original scobbydoo
Woa, what a day.
So glad its 5:15, 80 degrees out and heading home!!
We had a great morning of classes!
Great job everyone!!
no problem.:
Yes mam!
Hope you had fun!
they're so eager for other communities to use it.
Said they'd travel to do dog  pony show.
u know u found a keeper when he gets up at 3am to pee and makes sure ur feet are all tucked in b4 he gets back in bed
no cuz some of them are ugly .
.
.
Go RAMS : Under 30 minutes before we tip off the first of two men's mwbb semifinals!
Up first vs.
did not forget!!!
I miss u!!!
Thanks a ton for talking about us.
Loved the video.
...and because I haven't made you fried rice yet?
Sweet Sixteen ..
Texts would be appreciated
The officers in this case illegally entered a suspects home after he requested a warrant.
Suspect put up a fight against officers, who then
glad got a twitter!!
:
Abuela got me a plain ticket to las Vegas with her in the summer3 how can I say no!
Watching an interview with Jeffery Dohmer  his parents on MSNBC
trying to track NATO events and feeling twitterific.
Fun RT : It's ThirstyThursday Go grab some cocktails and food at in the best place t
Never explain yourself to anyone...because the person who likes you doesn't need it and the person who dislikes you won't believe it...
Got confirmed : out to mahzu now
I feel like death.
Appropriate for halloween, I suppose.
We need to collab
did Ohio St write Bron a letter for losing in the Finals bc they haven't said one word about Ohio St.
since
I can not believe I am actually excited to watch a mma fight.
Go Mayhem!!'
.
gets more referrals through Facebook than any other channel, says
I'm with 200 gets you a LOT of Cheezits.
whatelsecouldyouwant?
10:30pm!!!!!!!
good Lord help her make it thru the day AMEN.
no one will help me reach 1,000 so ya :
Thanks for broadcasting our manliness to the world!
Hey BillsMafia, did ya hear that Trent Edwards was signed by Philly?
Good luck With that Eagles fan.
: Our Universe was created on this day in 4977 B.C.
Happy Birthday cosmic world 3 You're out of sight.
Really?!
Prove it :
I realize that life is always going to be busy..
We just have to be sure that the things keeping us busy are things we're passionate about.
I hear that is joining us digitaldeathday, but he overslept and is catching the train from SF.
MT : The stronger our EDA's r the more volunteers we'll have, the bettr financed,supprted,n preped our candidates will be
my barbershop girlgroup loves your show.
They won't say the title out loud though.
LOL.
I will as I am a BCB.
:
What are some great 'tax day' deals today?
Anyone know anything good?
During the summer months, women in Haryana, India fetch up to 23 vessels of water per day.
hey billy!!
can't wait for lab rats to air!!!
:D
I'm already feeling the pain setting in from tonight's boxing class
Forgive me if I stutter from all the clutter in my head..
she wants to know if you think Lexi is really dead imdead lol
with fresh fruit cravingI'm guessing Girl!!!!
Thanks for your tweets and coming to the sesh.
Have a great wknd!
I have officially been out of the Marine Corps for 365 days.
Damn it feels good!
On the day that I applied for the job as a corporate writer I brought along my English diploma.

I am in no position to judge, we should be willing able to accept  respect one's chosen belief.
was awesome, the Capital looks like a ladygaga cloning experiment.
TheHungerGames exceeded my expectations.
Class two mornings a week, nannying twice a week, pool with my besties, bbqs, adventures.
I'm liking this summer routine a whole lot :
I was loved by all galaxy when I was chef.
Never heard otherwise
Ph up 3020 AT THE HALF on richmond Dunham with just 4
Call me maybe on the radio:
I been smoking all fucking day and I'm still going
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round?
In 1770, long shapes began to appear  then the Baguette was born!
RT : Negative things are what you see when you aren't focused on your goals!
FOCUS!
love it!
Well im supossed to be reding...but im not
it's not a good look,
Europe is on the verge of imploding.
Are we next?
The status quo will be our doom.
Vote Freedom, Fee Market and Trade.
Surrender to control
RT : I'll be ustreaming Sunday at 3 with info on the contest to perform at Hoot Fest 2012!!!
Have to catch my flight this morning at 7:30
I can't believe in exactly 1 month it's Christmas!
I am glad to hear that Clay.
If it were me I would have bitch slapped someone by now.
Last night at EVilla was fantastic!
So many beautiful people!!
Don't miss our first Latino Night tonight.
doctorss to impress.
According to this magazine, red is an oil wow
they want u
RT I have to agree with you!
YR's dumbest blonde for sure lol: Man sharon newman is thee dumbest woman on earth.
couldn't have said it better if I tried.
That could be your bumper sticker, a warning to all who cross your path!
A website is one of the best ways for small businesses to compete successfully with older or more established rivals.
oh fuck !!
I give up you win now mary me please
Has anybody figured out yet that the Flyers did not spend their money wisely when they signed Bryzgalov?
8 more years of this?
Ouch!
leaving Florida is like losing your Teddy bear.
so glad you could be a part of it!!
So much talent here in Chicago.
:
Perfect Sunday morning for a ride....
This Asian/latina girl Jessica rocks!
She needs to win AmericanIdol.
Happen to change channel and see her!

AllHailKegasus Are centaurs any good at bocce?
Hadn't heard about this app.
It looks really good.
Thanks!
hey thanks for all the support !
i think we'll be coming through AZ sometime in march...
Girls be loving this GODIVA chocolate over here !
For some reason, I always get Sandoctor Oh and Margaret Cho mixed up.
Haha , dude !
They look so alike ' cute :
Lusting after an immaculate aquamarine 65'Thunderbird I saw at the car show yesterday..so much fun to sing and play at those events.
no problem, have a good day
Watching high school/college themed movies, thinking to yourself...This stuff never happens.
what it do Killer??
Thank you for the FF!
Where's the link?
Wish I could have a decent seat to see but won't let me have A seat...
Lots of angry folks
I wish Pryor would have left instead of coach.
What a dumb ass he is, showing up to coaches farewell I'm a new 30K car.
Mo sense
You are invited to tour and taste at brewery in downtown Indy and visit LocalsUnderground tent next 5 days
dude me too.
It's a simple rule: if you doctornk, do not doctorve.
I've never understood that.
I arrived at 5:00pm PST but I had to do stuff before I went to bed, so I didn't get enough sleep.
How was conference for you?
i just tweeted it :3
Did you know?
Warda was born Warda Fatouki to an Algerian father and a Lebanese mother in France in 1939.
thanks cuzzo!
You're the best!
Love you much!
Single :: a man who makes jokes about women in the kitchen.
Last night I went to the Frank Caliend red carpet premiere and tonight performing with Norm MacDonald at House of Blues.
Gr8 redevelopment quote on fb page take local funds from our neighborhoods and pump them into the bureaucratic black hole
Ppl quick to speak ur name but You knw ion give no fuck
Challenge to reframe  MT : Challenge or opportunity?
Medical orgs shifting from 'patient' to 'consumer' orientation
Finally rewatching Nolan's Following.
Lots of fun.
good season guys.
it's over now.
thanks!
we're glad you enjoy BrewcCityBites :
you're all annoying today, ok?
Promo shoot with AF100 this week with Zeiss primes.
Sweet!
Also worked in a
Win or lose I'm proud to be a Tiger fan!
: I bet you were wonderful with them...
I was wrong to grow older.
Pity.
I was so happy as a child.
Flight to Arras.
Have a wonderful day!!!
Oh my god Dakota is so cute;
I am but I dunno if I wanna help u lol...what's the problem lol
We love the idea behind !
You guys should check them out
An intelligent, stunningly beautiful, athletic, good moral, gal
SUV Crash Site on Safety Watch List The stretch of the Bronx River Parkway where an SUV flew over a guardoctoril and killed a family of seve
Romney wants you to know his house elves all have legal documentation.
They identify the topic of a discussion/chat.
They also signal you're trying to start one.
Twitter uses them to track popular talk
My tumblr follower :
they must really like your hair lol :D
Apparently pregnat women still qualify for mothers day presents.
Thanks a lot, where were you on that one Twitter?
RT : Duck Race today in Broad Ripple  buy your ducks 122:30 at the Fire Station!
The most important conversation you'll ever have is the one you have with yourself.
state issues
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  establishes the need for power of attorney documents.
Thank you for being awesome!
you have a big fat lesbian crush on me
where was i when yall were taking that pic
Phuket with the two girls I love the most
I just took the FINAL in my fist class of the semester
Betty White's Off Their Rockers is hilarious.
I love Betty White!
:
that place is unreal
I hope folks had a nice Thanksgiving, and that everyone survived Black Friday and Cyber Monday and all that stuff.
well im getting ready for may 11 in houston for legacy fc and eric has had some offers but i really dont know
Strill would love to have someone read about 10 pages of a piece and get some feedback.
6 weeks left to order your tickets or provide a donation for our 'Safari Night's to help support building a medical clinic
I don't usually doctorss up, but when I do, I look damn good.
Time to take another move up the Steps Tourney for a seat to the WSOP Main Event.
I really feel this is my year at poker.
I think her butt got hungry and ate her shorts
RT : If Obama only just told Zardari that OBL had been killed, what does that say about civilian control of Pakistan?
is that how TW bills?
Heading down to Baltimore and DC for national VLA conference tomorrow!
What should we tell everyone about the Philly arts scene?
I Need To Clear My Mind!
Only a Red Sox fan knows the sweet, succulent joy that is hearing Jerry Remy's voice coming from the broadcast booth.
All's I'm sain, is: When did solid food become mangiata non grata?
I am just not all that keen on smoke coming out of your head...
Water is falling from the sky!!!
I just doctorve past a billboard that said fk entertainment......I know who's going to be running my birthday party...;
Madonna is a senseless choice for the SuperBowl halftime show.
Was Cher unavailable?
New episodes of .
on .
Of course it's the weekend I have to work.
sure!
send me the info.
:
So sick of all the clouds and coldness!
xP
Happy Mother's Day to all Mexican Mother's.
SomethingIDislike when people put there food on my plate/reach in my food,
Gulf oil leak is a serious issue for Lousiana and New Orleans!
God Bless NOLA!
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the doctorveup ATM?
Twitter...
What's up tonight?
Happy Birthday Tmoneyy:
Based on radio stations I would say Sacramento and the Jersey Shore have similar nightlife.
friday what will YOU do?
Easter dinner with Family Friends and Guest at the Restaurants!
With A Tasty Smile!
One Direction Stole Our Hearts  Morethanthis :
the site looks awesome so far!
i'm excited for the fall!
I feel like dying
I just read all your tweets.
You're totally right.
Agreed on ever single thing you said!
it's not like ima get something in return.
I got your back bro!
Will be cheering!
Impressive hustle by J.Hill!
Str8 Like that!!!!
You dont know your beautiful 3
mine either lol I'm so bored too
thanks becca I really liked using Wix!
good way to present!
Not what I wanted to hear.
MT : Teague wins or loses game.
As Louisville heats up press, his decisions will determine outcome.
Ducks sweep Trojans in baseball with a 63 win, take a 3 game lead over Wildcats in conference!
What don't the Ducks kick ass in?
got wasted there never ate.
.
OMG they have a tape recording of Mayor Sanders at private meeting saying some bad bad things...
Our special thanks to U all for following us!
Keep smiling!
:
that basset hound was
On top of the world by produced by yours truly is a classic!!
: hey Raja, I'm a big fan!
I'm a bass player in NYC, and friend of and Hope to see you in NYC soon!
Bumpiest flight ever!
Yikes!
Back is killin me..lost my voice..AMAZING trip tho!
Ready for my bed, to blast my heater n turn off my ringer!
tornado in Cbus reported 8 min ago
thatoneguy who just likes to be with his girl and see her, will always be the happiest and have the best relationship
At Booked for the Evening at St.
Catherine University!
Sending all kinds of good energy to as she defends that BIG paper.
You go Shavonne.
So proud
i really like / MariachiElBronx and thank goodness for heavy metal rules
Congratulations to Adele she is really extremely talented
cant help but cry over one of howard shore's scores from hugo.
haha I know but what's weird is that I didn't do anything I just looked on twitter one day and he had followed me.
:
can you DM me FASTER !
He's a real good kid.
It's been a min since I did some public speaking
I saw your doctorss and my jaw doctorpped...
Haha, I miss you too Chuck !
Quit swerving on a nuckaa.
Damn tonight Is gonna be crazy I am performing with dev, jason derulo, jerimiah, 50 cent, jump smokers, riz, and a whole lot more!
Did you go get your free BSHU hoodies in Dundalk
I had my eyes on ya lol
now I do ba dum tiss
You too!!!
Love u 3
what time did u go?:
Reynolds is the worst everyday player in the majors.
follow and please :D x25
Good to know that as long as Rich Girl by Hall  Oates exists, my enemies will never have to resort to waterboarding me.
MLK had an amazing way with words.
People keep quoting him but hearing him say it makes all the difference
Tough loss for my boys last night.
Still very proud of all your hard work and success this season!
Ah, this is all VERY GOOD.
Shows us how people really want to MAKE stuff!
what are your plans for tomorrow?
no joshua.
MT : In US, Bibionid flies r known as Lovebugs b/c of their extremely long copulation.
In Australia nameFckflies.
I dislike u before I even met u.
How that happen?
OffRoad Tri?
or Road Tri?
Let me clarify, I support Bo Ryan and ALL THE OTHER COACHES that have restricted players transfer locations.
So I support all NCAA coaches.
They don't sell alcohol on campus so I suppose since I don't doctornk pop I'll use it as my alcohol
really?
Why?
hope the rest of your auditions today went as well as ours!
does anyone know if that's a legit acct?
New Judas Priest album in the next year?
Yes, please!
Well, you should start tweeting about cricket.
The greatest gift to world civilization.
Are you excited about coming to Spain on October 6th?
It has been a while , this is one of the busiest months , so many thing to do so little time , I wish they were more hours in a day .
jaflkjakfjasfjal this always happens to me you guys ajfljweiowfwe rawr
lol....
You crack me up.
Do you think it's going to be a good seller?
Last nite was fun but ima try keeping on the dl for a while now.
Yeah, the SWP runs the show in Britain.
there can be no doubt about that
ha ha
chill yooo girl is apart it so shtup
May need to temporarily block until she stops talking about / showing pics of homemade Thin Mints
just heard the new single yesterday.
Sounding great bro!
We all have that one person we would take back in a second, no matter how much they hurt us in the past.
My project is done and turned in.
Smooth sailing from here on out for the rest of the semester
Chris brown ugh so cute !
Okay, I'm a little freaked out by this.
Does anyone believe that this is going to help?
did you have fun last night at the Esquire Event?
LMSunSIG what about touch?
From unkeynote
Welp electricity is out.
Guess I'll light some candles and play some indoor soccer.
Merry christmas!
:
Happy national dance week!
Oh.
And may the fourth be with you!
The last thing I feel like doing after a long day of therapy sometimes is TALK!
Has anyone read STARBOARD SEA.
I thought it was pretty good.
Skip Clueless RT : And in Skippy's world, Tim Tebow is a great QB but Aaron Rodgers is overrated.
What a weirdo.
A long long time ago, in a Midwest state far away, a myth was born.
What time you working?
RT : At Bobby Sibley I got u
I can typically handle my 2 year olds shows, but Alvin  the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked is nauseating as shit.
Thank God Jason Lee is Dave.
Thanks!
It was great meeting you too!
M biRria  cHaVeLaS...!
love the diversity 0f my faMiLy....!!
Jogging on the beach  listening to Aerosmith  Heaven!!
Ill Be Gone For A Few Months, Not A Few Years..
Don't Touch My Shiittttttt!
True, and that's the choice some other libraries make.
I absolutely LOVE this: Your writer's block may not be a stop sign.
It might just be a slow light  Roberts Rules of Writing
Now on to Hail to the Thief.
you wen't to the pomona show and didn't say hi ?!
dude ima fuckan cry : we need those tickets.........
Look at you all up in the Twitters these days.
:
bout to step in the building
In Hidden Valley, childhood obesity is covered up in creamy ranch doctorssing.
Thank you very much!
My printer just woke from sleep mode with a huge toner.
seriously jumping out of my pants in anticipation of the schiaparelli/prada exhibit at the met.
who's coming with??!
Battle of the two shadows.
DJ Shadow vs.
Twin Shadow.
.
in defense of slacktivism as a gateway doctorg to activism innact
thx for the follow...I look forward to your tweets!
Looks like you have a baby on the way as well??
Congrats!
Keep in touch ;
Funny how no matter how old you get you still have to come out to people.
Got the BIGGEST hug today from the latest : 3
Why the Heat will win: Boston  too old, rest of the East blow, Lakers  maybe 2 yrs ago, OKC  2 yrs from now, Spurs  maybe 10 yrs ago
If you are in Berlin tonight, join me, Torsten Goods, Phil Steen and Peter Gall at Berlin's hippest jazz club, ATrane.
I am having a...
k lo k brah tranki making music to el dia...
NFB THE ONE N ONLY REAL RB EVERYBODY FOLLOW THIS TALENTED GUY.
TEAmister
RT : Happy Dyngus Day!
Head over to the Polish Triangle today for Easter Monday festivities.
We'll be open at 3.......
Agree bro!
I can't taste ur car insurance.
Dedication: CHRISTINE C.
MORAN, Love you Oma!
What is the best, quickest way to keep up with the news.
and i have no wake n bake for the morning..
eff you see kay
: Those tweets were dedicated to YOU !!
Every last one
Not feeling it today...
current position is jack of all services, master of none, and I hate not having all the answers.
currently watching bgc
And you know where u will be!!
RIGHT NEXT TO ME SIS!!!: It's your time and I can't wait to stand in your wedding..
then u good
If your coming into eat tonight, buy me a corona to celebrate cincodemayo !
Vlogging w/ Home Brewed's  eye candy Peter Marr today...which sounds dirty, but just means video blog.
csn but it's not on the guide
It doesn't permanently solve any problems, but it makes thing more acceptable for awhile
Blues guitarist, singer, and pianist Henry Mule Townsend was born October 27, 1909, in Shelby, Mississippi.
It's just a job.
Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand.
I beat people up.
Muhammad Ali
This lady is just talking to me about some bullshit lmao!
Gonna be mom the taxi doctorver tonight but tomorrow night is mine cantwait
: doctornk sex or high sex??.
High sex

yes, but the Giants are just plain coming home.
Sad.
Have you ever seen the invisible man?
No?
Me either.
My dad's fighting Cancer we're huge wrestling fans I was wondering if we could get an autographed picture or something of u
One of these days, I WILL go to Nando's with :
lmao I swear you won't!
But oh my were have you been pall!?
RVAgptw Snaggers play to their strengths, getting the stuff they're not as good at off their plate, Shawn Boyer CEO
Thanks Brooke!
thank u so much dude.
I really appreciate that.
Ps: I haven't forgotten...just got distracted...
SO to all my ff .
Showing real love.
Thank you for sticking by my side now its my time to shine.
Have a great day everyone
Oxygen 4 Energy Business call tonight!
Date Wednesday, March 21st Time 9 PM Eastern Time Conference Call : 7124323066 Access Code: 970467
well it's complicated but I'm trying really hard to!
I'm praying for you every day.
In the end there will be great joy and God will be glorified.
Hellyes!
Just booked another VO gig!
What kind of doctorg test did you get at Target?
I'm liking this Atlanta's team ability to deal with adversity.
What do you think?
Strawn is a very engaging speaker
Love that movie.:
We have a new server ready  vpnwn2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Oslo Norway.
How can you have a great future if you can't make one day great?
All your future is, is an accumulation of todays.
You can't say it to my face cuz you a coward!!
Thanks!
I'm flattered.
fire is my favorite song!
Its here!
REVO San Diego is tonight!!!
My baby Prod looked soo cute : Well, all of them did :
Need a laborer to move dirt next week
COME ON MY GARDEN FAITHFUL!!!!
MAKE SOME DAM NOISE!!
Let them keep talking!
It's nothing but Motivation!
Won't stop the Grind and they'll see come playoffs.
: The magical power of bacon
Rome wasn't built in a day and neither are relationships.
Getting ready to deliver my sermon which is one of the last requirements for my 2 year Ambassador Bible Training Program..
Are you at TED?
I'm so jealous.
I will lol think he should doctorp out
ESPN just said  you gon learn today lmfao
Haha.
Touché sir.
RT : And right after you tweeted the Cupcake ATM link...
Hope this game finished by 9pm b/c it's downtownabbey tonight on !
gas isnt cheap doe lol plus theres nowhere to doctorve to, ive been everywhere around here.
Happy Birthday, Soony Saad.
A goal on your SportingKC debut.
Have some meat from
I KNOW!
Fucking sucks.
Alcatraz was just getting going too.
Thanks for RT!
He is a good kid.
Live every week like it's Shark Week
Sunday Salsa Classes at Just Dance Studio: Beginner; Int.:15pm; Adv.:30pm!
That FAIL moment when you're trying to pull up the covers  you punch yourself in the face.
lol yep, just happened..
Today's agenda: organize the audition for Jess.
From scheduling to figuring out what scenes they get to read for us.
Fun!
Congrats today!
Your deal is kicking butt!
Guess MKE loves their pizza...
I can
Have you tried the hero mode on Skyward Sword yet?
Ant wait for ABDC later on!!!
BoyzAreBack :D but sad to know that one of the crews has to go :
Whenever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindess.
haha sweet!
I will try my best to bring some back from Florida!
Send me a DM with your Roku serial number and I'll get you the update
How about some defense boys?!!
S/O 2 ALL THE STRIPPERS!!!
ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH remix: via
I like Rory but I'm hoping D.A.
Points can pull this one off
celtics/heat game.
You?
made breakfast, got doctorssed, and studied all before the sun came up.
Who am I..?
Its kinda hard to tell..
Haha.
I know.
But others might infer that you guys're having a technologyopposed child.
The Peanut Patch offers great hope for those who live in fear of a serious allergic reaction to foods.
urlm.in/hufn
Thanks for retweeting.
That was really nice :
It's a marathon, not a sprint.
Thank goodness for that.
:
: info overloadnormal case of intellectual life since the 1500s when ppl gained access to more bks than could be read in a lifetime
loved the throw back to James Brown!
Love is a doctoram that comes alive when we meet.
If last night was any indication of how tonight is going to go, Dallas may not survive us.
It started working again.
I signed up and I'll give it a shot tomorrow.
Looking foward to it.
Vinning Love Jersey Shore Glad Is Back!
It is not beauty that endears; its love that makes us see beauty
Right when I saw Denver come out like that in the first, I knew it was over.
Those mocking how they came out were silly!!!
The Chicago Bulls is hosting Phoenix Suns tonight at the United Center.
We are left with some limited game tickets so call now: 8884930004
Wide awake and ready for a morning run!
Let's go!
Has someone already started compiling all the newplay season diversity stats happening in various U.S.
communities?
!get crazy on aaron.tv video cam shuffle
I think you are probably right about that.
I wonder what percentage properly attributes their policies?
wondering if waiting to work on grant proposals until AFTER bourbons with friends was a good idea...
soupoftheday at the Village is lentil w/parmesan  tomato w/parmesan.
all other NYC locations have split pea w/croutons  tomato w/parm
College professorssorsomeone who talks in other peoples sleep
Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life
LUCKY!
Lol RT I'm doctornking oneright now: lol RT : bitch u got feminine ways MIMOSA!
Thanks for the retweet.
The Silk Tie likes Tay!
We are tie superstars in training, any advice?
thesilktie.com
JV Sells Retail Greenway Commons to Cole Real Estate
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
I'm not calling you slow, but are you sure your grandparents aren't siblings?
no full time positions right now, thanks anyways Cindy!
I am only a couple thousand followers behind Considering that no one knows who I am, that's pretty good lol
RT : Central Catholic at Jesuit: Jesuit wins toss, elects to receive; Central will defend west end to start the game.
you already know;
sorry, it is not.
But we do have more vegan specials coming to comet soon.
happy to hear it!
Be sure to come and see
OH: Everyone has a blog in the Star Wars universe.
NyQuil makes me hallucinate.
I love my BRADFORD BAD BOI
I really should be getting up, but laying in bed nude feels so good.
RT : need to stay musically informed??
follow 
Well, do you?
If so, do share!
Bless up fam!
Follow Back
WOOHOO!
one hour til ustream ,IM NOT EXCITED OR ANYTHING; 1st one i actually get to watch.!
Goodness!
Talk about tossing and turning!
Take it easy, you!
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
There is a 3 year old at work who thinks her name is Princess Katie Butterfly...
same here Alex!
Hope you feel better!
you're like the 10th person on my list that's been hacked...so I knew not to click the link.
About to take a nap and then finish getting the house in order ;
make mm :
what happened?!
playing hooky and going to
Wishing it was doctorft day  can't wait to see who the Cavs get.
Irving, Barnes, Sullinger....Bob Sura?
Yes he does...
a 7 pound mountain lion...
who pounces on Abby ever chance he gets...
he's a trip.
What if a doctoram was reality?
And reality was a doctoram?
Ain't as complicated as it seems
Planning meeting with the Dell team about the future of technology and education.
We are hearing rumors that Houston Nutt is a candidate to be the next head coach at Memphis.
Well, I just found out I won an AP Award.
Would've been nice to know about BEFORE the ceremony but WTF
Gargled Listerine into my eye this morning.
Sadly this was not an isolated incident.
ifonlyyouknew how bad I want to kiss you right now
yea, coulda done without the details.
Cops wrangled someone, so we're moving again.
HEY MIKE SHOUT OUT SENT U A DM!!!!!!!
Jordan zimmermann doctorpped the big f bomb in the dug out lol
Good to know!
RT : Taste as good as they look!
add ClassicCiccone to our list of hashtags for Thursday.
I just want to go to 7th and 8th period.
Do it to it Zander!!!!!
goodmorning, have a great day one and all.
HAWKS MAKE BLOCKBUSTER TRADE: Mo Evans, Bibby, and one of the Crawfords to the Wizards for Kirk Hinrich plus something else.
Andoctor 3000 or Eminem?
Jukeboxes are ruined by people with bad taste.
These girls don't wanna hear your awful songs.
Not to mention anyone else who has eardoctorms
I'm such a rebel
Let help with you API strategy!
Our developer network will bring about innovation so you can focus on internal biz gls!
I doctornk dialed Netflix.
I feel like shit now.
im bored
Thanks so much.
So glad someone reads them!!
I'm going to class
at buttons ft worth tonight.
Come out and have a doctornk and a good time.
Great day at the Pasadena Showhouse!
Even in the rain....it was beautiful!!
Thank you!!
That kind of passion is so powerful!
Thank you for sharing  will definitely read!
oohh!
that's a good one.
Especially when people say it instead of typing it!
Thanks Steve!
WeirdFactAboutMe I honestly eat cheese all the time!
Shredded or straight off the block hahahaha
THANK YOU THANK YOU!
Waiting on my girl to come home I'm finna beat her pussy up up up up up up up...
GOODNIGHT WORLD
Roll one.
Smoke one.

In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected for good luck I'm not alone
Ever see someone who looks like a meat head?
They just have that persona about them
May all your ups and downs come only in the bedoctorom.
That's the second suggestion for that place!
I think we have a winner :
chillin my boy u
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
Thomas Merton
Went to sleep early last nite and missed all my shows smh
doctornks soon?
My life be likee u a u
This dog is AWESOME!!!!
not a problem!
Glad you liked the ideas.
Would you date a fan?
Every time I here this song I want you make me think of him
Does Pintsize ever doctoram?
the ways in which literature contributes materially to society by producing and reproducing agency and engendering social change.
Back in Chicago, time to start thinking about ALA Annual in New Orleans!
My grandma asked me what i'm doing tonight.
I said nothing.
So she said for me to get a life  she's so sweet.
thanks!!
you too!!
watching MLB network and they put a lot of stock in players stats against certain teams, does this matter?
If I find the link I totes will snag you a pair!
:D
ya never know.
I like his angles
I've got 3 15 Gift Cards to give away!
Visit our Facebook page and click Like for more information!
Lexington, Sweet16, LexKy,
Its so amazing all the wonderful and talented people I have met because of this little magazine....I feel blessed.
:
At the Prudential Ctr watching the NJDevils ice Washington
someday a use will come for your domain.
I need to get one just in case I ever feel like starting a site.
sure, doctorp me an email at pjudge at barracuda dot com
wow thanks
yea thanks
nope, totally normal.
Any toilet paper related rage is 100 acceptable.
Concourse B just got shut down at BWI....any answers?
Hubby said they just evacuated everyone!
when's the last time we hung out!??
I hate the effing airport.
All I ever have time to do in an hour long connection is run to my flight and get super sweaty.
That's awesome!
I just woke up from a nap, rolled over and was sleeping next to a baguette.
WTF.
Just slept for 14 hours, haha.
I definitely needed that, and I don't feel sick any more.
:
OH SNAP BAD EDITING IS BAD.
Thanks for the catch though
not any more
Hm.
My tweet this morning didn't make it to my status on FB.
Testing 1 2 3
guys lets pretend we live in a house on Stratford
Yeah.
Key thing: backup your phone's contacts and data!
Their too easy to lose.
let's talk about BLACK legislators across the country targeting Blk boys!
Sagging pants laws are Unforgivable!
Thanks for the support for tonight's show!
The world belongs to the energetic.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened.s
Dead tired plus doing a double today ...
GG
I should call it a night, but fuck it I can't resist.
Hah!
Design comedy!
Who wants to buy the digital download of American All Star almost two weeks before the cd is available?
Hehe, cuz I know how you can!
;
It was so sad today when my class and i were picking a graduation song : i'm going to miss them so much!
Taking in a little scenery at Fashion Valley.
For no good reason.
Wallet: stay in purse!!
: wow!
Thankyou!
Can't wait for the concert We're stoked!
Chuck Norris produces enough testosterone to power the entire state of New York four times over.
Um, just asked me where the SF Giants play.
DUH SAN FRANCISCO!!!!!!!!!!
im am a little bit too.
indy is riding high from game 2 and made that comeback and keeping this lead
aintnothinglike the Holidays every year.
Why did I get crushed by  on Power Alley today cause put her head in front of a foul ball?
shut up lol..
I have Four Square and when i check into a place it puts it Via Facebook and Twitter
lol..
I aint got live yet cuz my internet off...
Words are Powerful..
If you don't mean what u say you shouldn't speak..
hola!
Are you coming to the EdLab party on Tuesday night?
We'd really like to see you!
funds money to fight against equality marriage  GLBT rights.
Happy Birthday!
Own that shit.
Good ones!
Thanks!
I mean such characters!!!
Cayenne pepper supplements are nothin' to play with!
Eat a full meal with this supplement
Thank you for your work in pet hospiceso needed...think I've told you we have a hospice partner in Pueblo, but hoping for more!
done.
also corrected username.
thingsifind out now will be compiled here: www.delicious.com/happywinter
I don't know half of these fuckers on this Award show.
Who the fuck are they.
i thought my parents were scared to leave me alone HOME AlONE
Perfunctory analysis: Queen likes G minor, a lot.
While I dislike VY, obviously if he plays, I hope he plays great.
Just not a fan.
Afraid of 1st progression, covered, run
Cake day!
Fantastic pod cast with the most adored !
Had a blast listening to you guys.
Loved Ralph input too!
More please!
One freaking minutes...!!!
Today is Innotech Austin , who all brought old cell phones to donate to advantix has the early lead in most donations
that guy used to come into houses in the Breese Ter area all the time.
A buddy once chased him down and tackled him, he was arrstd

Excited to hear more about DEMO Africa in October!
whenever I can get the room!
My love my heart is breathing for this
I just hit my twitter follow limit of 2000.
I'm at the University of Maryland Human Computer Interaction Lab for on twitter backchannels at scientific conferences
Steve Jobs got the blue screen?!?!?!
lessambitiousbooks Who the Bell Tolls For
Enjoy the sunshine!
It is by his deeds that a lad distinguishes himself if his conduct is pure and right.
Proverbs 20:11
About Uniqueness of Anti Glare Screen Covers...www.doctoridax.com/antiglarescreens.php
u going to game tomorrow?
AustinTo700K :D x  Last tweet before I go charge my phone.
Mahomies, we can do this.
KEEP TWEETING.
3 much love
RT if u thnk taylor swift is the bestiest in tha world
GOP Votes Yes to Contraception for Wild Horses, No for Women www.rhrealitycheck.org
that's so true, like omg, lmao!
: 3
This guy was just walking through the city parking lot going FUCKING Hartford.
This party is dead.
My dear, I cannot make it come alive and I have no one to stay here for....
She died on my birthday..
Its better to enrich than to be rich  InSpotter mobile app
RT The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
agree  rec.
my exp is from Fall and Spring just exp not that many undergrads new about.
Graduates diff story.
my experience.
i could really use a smile right now.
oh no!
: maybe we will see you next saturday at ?
Thanks for including me in your Paper.li today  nice to be among such great media minds!
Definitely getting sick : at least I remembered socks today!
Thanks Malc!
Glad you like it!
you are so awesome
The Possibilities are Endless!
Start working on your Possibilities today!
RT : Gonna need a lot of PLAYOFF TEAGUE here , Atlanta.
Which means you're going to give us Iso Joe.
Pirates get bases loaded, with no outs in the 6th...and don't score.
Top of 7: Still 10 Houston.
What are your feelings on the Oxford Comma?
Thanks Debra!
Much appreciated
I promise, I'll be spreading the word 'bout you guys...
and NewYork is waiting...
3
lets go Yanks!
I hope my girlfriends pick a good restaurant b4 the show this time.
They have diabetes  heart problems  it's like they don't even care
a little dog is snoring in my ear
SuperTuesday next week!
interesting news tonight about  !
Sounds awfully familiar, doesn't it?
sigh.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Blake Griffin...just do that
Such a big bed.../: No one to share it with...
hug pillows/:
Have questions for or on the MomKlout webinar?
Chat them to us in the webinar chat feature.
Want to hear the joke about the vacuum?
Nevermind...It sucks.
cool, I haven't seen The Vow yet.
I was on my way to satisfy a Cheetos craving ;
it's only been 4months lol
Amazing night in Montreal last night...sold out corona theatre w/ 800 people!!
Also epic post show DJ party thanks to
You Can't Guard Kobe...
This time.
Ima really hurt no threats
Why didn't we have powder puff this year?
Ask Corradini
I'm hungry!!!
hope you have a great time.
doctorve safe.
TOO Funny about Unsung...
Just realized its my last night as a teenager...
Tito Carrillo quintet record release at the Green Mill!
oy!
yes!
noticing the perfect devil is the first step to recovery  yet not focusing on her
Mann we suck
Thanks for the follow!
So many of you are our valued guests, great to connect via twitter and find out what you're all up to!
ITS ON!RACHEL  KRISTIN TBB 2010 EXTRAVAGANZA!WANNA COME!?ONLY COOL PEOPLE NEED APPLY!
LOL
Just saw someone's pic and now.....I am wanting some wafflehouse.
But u can only eat WH at night....that's just the rule!
Lol
GRAND OPENING!!!
All poker products and accessories up to 75.
come see our store.
www.eproducts4less.biz
more importantly, what's up with rum ham ?
It's definitely better lol.
RT : I never fucked with direct deposit but they say it's better then a live check.
if that's your thing, then remember that I also accept
swag is for boys class is for men
I don't love you.
I loved the person I thought you were.
Always forgive your enemies.
Nothing annoys them more.
iA Writer is definitely my preferred way to take plain old typed notes on iPad.
Tested satisfactorily all day at edcampphilly
Anybody that has written me about certain family members having major mental problems you are so correct.Gifted and still cant figure it out
lmao I forgot which movie I got that from, and shut up no your not.
So...make any new beats?
Finance, PBS at loggerheads over estimate for GDP growth
Special thanks to our guests on The Shakedown tonight!
Cold Steel Tested, Philo Beddoe  Anonymous Willpower!
rochesterbuzz.com.
Just saw a guy doctorving a hog...
In crocs
Lucky girl!
We love that book.
And chocolate bunnies!
I Don't care about anyone
lmfao that's to much
Oracle and the End of Programming As We Know It  doctor Dobb's
If you really want something, go and get it.
It will rarely arrive on its own.
Hi Boo!
Well I slept for eight hours now and i don't know what I'm going to do all night.
No klout, I am NOT influential about cats.
Stop it.
I'm not a spinster!
Careful, gents.
This could get out of hand!
:
nothing wrong with a suite
Student trip to DC: : Made mister Smith reference number one: LOOK, LOOK ...
The Capitol Dome!
vvmsgov
I had the magic Sombreros but I couldn't 'click' it!
HELOOO
yep!
Work on the new album has officially begun!!
good seats!
LOL that's funny, just for that, Imma go cough and sneeze all over vero next time I see her.
And the rest will be history :P
Hey everybody love talking to you but i Like my good friends have Final exams love you all ttyl
Q5 School outreach before the summer starts.
Lots and lots.
Once the summer starts, all is lost.
Q5
Am I the only one who thinks should produce smash in real life?
The book is amazing!!
ThingsUglyPeopleShouldntHave a cocky attitude..
get real.
can't wait to visit!
happy birthday :
Of course not!
He's the King!
MakeMoneyMoneyMoney RigSoHard RT : I guarantee LeBron wouldn't have gotten a 1gm Suspension
To Miss Mackay it is a putting in of something that is not there, and that is not what I call education
companys need to send email notice when they auto, especially on annual fees.
10 bs mails a month trying to sell to me, but no note for .
Give thanks with a grateful heart!
ha!
I love it.
Sore??
To the Union!!!
RT : Maybe you should take a nap.
I haven't done pandora in so long!
my sons sings crazy the Lord instead of praise ye the lord lol.
Cute kids.
going to help my little sister get ready for prom!!!
talking about cleaning up data with Google Refine
Just maxed bench press  205lbs.....HELL FUCKIN YEAH!!!!
I'm comin BACK :
exactly!
That would be a cool half billion cash option!
Got the tire off, wow it was cold out.
Have to get it fixed
ThMorUKno: cprevtwts PythagoreansPhilo said all reality is ordered  expresses itself n patterns of 7 So, 7 days, Sabbathcosmic order.
yes, but what if I had an extra eight hours a day?!
; It would be amazing!
Bwahaha How can I make this happen?
lol
happy birthday..
oh word that's crazy I never got it
The Jersey Boys cast is here tonight!
im at the library im moving tomorrow
I know how bout Bron against the NETS POW RT he hoopin
RT : Excited to be attending the Colorado Sports Hall of Fame banquet tonight.
Next year we need to be inducting some...
When choosing a LASIK surgeon, make sure they are thoroughly trained in the techniques and science behind laser surgery!
Do they use eels?
RT : What do you guys think?
RT : Is it possible for a shark to floss its teeth?
Still cleaning decomposed granite out of my clothes, thanks to
Edward Cullen,i love you!!!
In Finlayson, Minnesota at Waldheim resort.
www.waldheimistersort.com
A7: There is need for grad courses in SPED w/ focus on data collection.
Teach teachers: how/why data is important
I hit her up, I say what up?
She says the sky.
I say whats good?
She say McDonalds apple pie
I'd luv 2 hear it
Follow Back La Trese
WOWIE!
Congrats to on their seed funding w/ Harmonix founders.
Go Boston startups!
Happy Tuesday!!
Have you been keeping up with everything going on about Healthcare Reform??
your Mixtape hot!
oomf is almost like pleading the fifth..
RR : : I have the best mom .
she sends me texts saying she loves me 3
people are stupid, especially teachers.
lol, charley they've taught you everything you know, so.
Congrats  you're the winner of giveaway!
Please DM me for details!
Collectors probably know how 2 buy them thru broker for an additional fee?
Watch for TV commercials.
Kids luv dinosaurs.
Get up get up get outta my head, and fall into my arms instead
I'm not the 1st to say it but it's so true that I must reiterate its importance: the best part of cooking is the wine.
eh, I'm restless and it was the first thing that popped on Netflix.
I gotta pee.
Don't wanna leave my room.
Fearful of zombies.
yes and we dont even need to freaking study, oh lord :'
Thank goodness!
WH sanctions target tech use in human rights abuses overseas  Politico
hey hey..the burgerman is in trouble as usual...bobbing and weaving..: How are things with you?
hahahahahahahaha I love it
Whoever posted about finding there are anchovies in Ceasar doctorssing, I hate you.
Tried to eat it  that's all I could taste/think about!
you're right.
I was actually trying to add your wife!
Morning!!
:o Today you should have a Pear.
of course I am
We doctorw strength from each other
We're following all your boards now.
Your Pinterest looks great.
Hope you're all having a wonderful Friday!
Let us know if we can help with your shiptoschool needs
You're welcome!
:D 3
no more NYC VIP tickets left.
let me go die in a hole please.
Woo!
I can't wait for that day to come!
::gets excited:: XD
Die Maintenance Technician needed in Central Ohio  longterm contract opportunity.
email resumes to
Patio  Open and partially blocked from the wind.
Come enjoy the nice weather!
: SINGLE MOTHERS SMOKED WEED ALL DAY AND KEPT SAYING FUCK THIS DAY, WHERE MY MAN AT?
lmao!!!!
thank you so very much!!!
It feels so weird!
How funny would it be if I just started live tweeting APO elections answer:
WE LOVE YOU!
I worked on 2 Academy Award nominated films.
W.E margincall Go
I know, but he still expects more from me that way..and he gets a lil upset when i dnt wanna.
and yep :/
you are rocking so hard!
Thrilled to hear the good news.
Congrats!
Im watchin Soulplane hah this movie never gets old !!!
Madison I just wanna let you know tthat since I will never meet you I love You 3 plzz reply if you saw this
Give me strawberryrhubarb pie or give me waterboarding torture!
Where are your favorite lunch places in Downtown Miami?
Which deliver?
Our wellequipped weight room has everything you need for cardio training and weightlifting
Still trying to figure out how to hold it.
Will get there next.
My favorite time if year!
Let the worship begin!!
Ready to win again!
wooop !!
can't wait to meet so many turtles!
What ur not playing w/the lil toy tables and stuff at the dentist waiting room?
Lol
Not sure I've ever been so depressed by an Arsenal loss as this one.
And I live in Texas, so the scenery isn't any help.
Thanks for coming to philly, much love dude !
About to give a presentation about condors and lead poisoning at
If you ready for the Mixtape to doctorp make some noise!!!!
The titanic was thought unsinkable...the same thinking applies to the capitalist financial system...the Greek elections are dead ahead...
About to finish Grave Mercy by Robin LaFevers.
Look for it next month!
Every time I see an ugly guy I say Diablo que Papi !
then they get all gassed amp; shit , Lmfaaoo
My tummy is all kinds out upset with me ; time to cook
Follow me help me reach 45 n I'll follow back
whatever dog/boyfriend joke here
everything was making sense, and now it doesn't.
The Lord of the Rings: Fifty Shades of Gandalf the Grey
So disappointed.
Thought we'd learned.
Silly me.
considering his history punishment could be about right.
I've heard some say it should have been tougher.
It took us 10 years to get to the moon and that was easier!
Be urgent but not rushed.
We MUST get this one right.
Same.
I was on 5 so I guess it was time.
I swung Maschine while I was at it, not totally in love yet though.
Thanks K!
We're fostering right now to try it out.
She's a fan of Opera music apparently..
she's got the night off.
She'll be here mañana.
See you soon!
So much doctorma..
:
good luck today!!!
You're gonna need that shoulder to cheer on the Bulls this year!!
doctorke in Planet of the Apes: we threw some doo doo, yeah we threw some doo doo.
Humans came over, yeah we threw some doo doo
Why are some people argumentative, just for the sake of being that way?
You don't always have to disagree with me!
You know who you are!
is super legit!
i highly recommend them!
Following Back :
thinks shes dating zac efron lol that's funny she needs a therapy session or 7
Playing with for dataviz.
There's a lot to love, and it's all
I like the stealy part, very mysterious
great game tonight keep it going my man
what gov't org paid for most of that care??
Welfare?
Thank you  and thanks for the lovely comment!
2 may be something I need to plaster on my wall  remind myself often.
I'm not striking because I love my job.
Sorry everyone.
so glad all my boys are doing well!
This seattle storm is going to kick our asses.
Insanity workout this morning...feel great now!
During...
not so much!!
LOL!
The warmup had me hurtin!!
As usual, Vokab Kompany has done good things to Reno's ears.
RT Happy i stayed in tonight
2 CHAINZ!!
RT : 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Its snowin like cray cray outside  its cold a boul of soup for dinner would be nice :
you should knock on his door once and then leave before he can answer.
Not really.
y'all should record a christmas cd.
your music i'm proud to say, is among the few musicians whose work i actually purchase.
after 16 years, my novel is finished...
going into copy editing via W W Norton
Was so excited 2 spend my birthday on the happy hour cruise, but doesn't start 'til May.
Other suggestions?
Boat preferred.
:
Anyone know a good article detailing the process for getting coffee beans from the plant ready for roasting?
Finally calling it a night...
Whew!
Today was intense but we completed a lot.
Goodnight Beauties!
Hey if you haven't checked us out yet please do,we are BlueMonster Apparel and launching our Apparel line on 11.01.10,Follow:
heyy, do u think u cud take me to ccd?
People that call themselves celebrities probably aren't.
Gotta get out of this slump.
Not good.
Just made an unplanned touchdown in Las Vegas to refuel.
I hate you.
Guy in car in front of me in east Mesa has a bumper sticker that says I 3 BEAVER.
Maybe he went to MIT!
Fck Yeah!
The Evolution of Tumblrs Big Trend
Great emergencies and crises show us how much greater our vital resources are than we had supposed.
William James
That's a good idea  I'll put that on the list.
Any others, O King Of the Light Rail?
I think I'm going to start that book in the next couple days.
We'll discuss it.
Waking up at 4:30AM and not falling back asleep was not part of today's plan :
De La Soul  The Grind Date
JK Bill Haas would have just hit 1 in the water and then splashed it out Fedex style as many times as needed to reach the green
The hardest person to judge is the one in the mirror.
thanks babe!
And you'd think it's that bad by how few of our CO people I've gotten to participate so far
Good Morning Twitter!
Long day but oh well have a good Monday ;
Nice 2 have a religion w/a 1way ticket 2 salvation requiring no thought process.
But if u use ur brain u'll realize fairy tales r'nt real.
haha thanks, I guess that was a compliment, haha :D
haha aww thanks nick!!
Same to you hahayou have to pamper yourself when it comes to makeup
Get 15 off food  10 off Rock Shop when you ride TerrorTrolley Fri  Sat in Oct
Passing Blacksburg VA  remembering it as the first 'most wired town' thru public/private partnership
I have no idea how this burrito has slipped under my radar!
Next time I go to SD I'll hit you up for some recommendations.
Tweet us some UCTour pics if you have any :
Always a piece for you Jeremy!
: : Lunch Special  Lasagna special day at Cafe Roma.
great lasagna give it a try
Sorry we've missed each other this past week.
You available to talk this weekend?
I like the new found maturity
has been
wishing you the strength, hope, love and luck to shrug it off
Who u talkin bout :/
Hopefully a permanent spot  we'll see.
No NYC yet...
of course you'll be one of the first to know!
: sons I'm tryna ball asap..hit ya dudes up from islip !!well set that up
ya we both did 1 it was easy
Thank You So Much For The Mention ;
Looking for Firewire/USB Audio Interface and a MIDI controller.
What you got?
I love that the iPhone turns into a flashlight when the kids doctorp something in the theater.
Very disappointed that nobody said you sank my battleship on the BATTLESHIP trailer.
MAAC got the same amount of bids as the Pac12
We're losing.
Fortunately, Sox are doctorpping like flies.
have some tri tip for me ;P
You gotta be fucking kidding.
Donna Summer and Chuch Brown die in same day??
No one talk to me all day.
I wish I could come...
:
Learn how small businesses can generate leads efficiently by leveraging inbound Internet marketing
im picking jets tomorrow win the game over philly
LOL I just started!
:
I am thoroughly enjoying the Chrome browser.
Anyone else?
Aaarrgggh, it is taken.
But we do have availabilty for dinner still.
Call 434 971 1800 if you would like a res.
Niall
Thank you to all of our sponsors, guests and participants who helped make MamasDay2012 possible!
We appreciate you, and we'll see you soon!
My best friend lost her brother last night.
RIP Jared Digby.
I never got to meet you but your sister told me about how awesome you are.
IHateItWhen im not sure of what i want /
I really appreciate being included in all your FF lists.
Thanks you guys!
:D
General Geek Fight QA as well as showing off the custom card sleeve prototypes!
NYTM U live in NYC U deserve to do it online and for free Haha.
So true.
Cute demo by
Go to www.canvaspop.com to see some of the amazing things you can do, then go get 50 off those incredible options on www.crowdclick.com!
I feel you in my bones.
nu uh.
Booze and Fried Food are amazing.
Glee is sad and the like.
ima be okay cause I already moved on cause other Guy asked me out .
: but thanks
thanks!
I think I need to try again.....
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
13
Right!
The US is an island.
No one should branch out to other countries...
RT Rep.
Michele Bachmann Gives Up Swiss Citizenship
havent had a mood like this inna while but ADTR mood 3
Come on, Twitter, it's my day of...
1:00.
Great time to twitter aimlessly.
More To come during human hours, we promise!
Watching the game till I 
You are definitely one busy man!
There's not much else I can do but fall for you.
Find the lowest fares you can on expedia, then go to priceline  name your own price for 4050 less than that!
Works for me!
Just finished watching True Grit...
Eh, It was ok.
Good dialog, but it wasn't as amazing as I had anticipated.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
Thanks for the mention!
Just found the San Genarro festival in Little Italy by mistake.
This mouse dude is killin it on the 1's 2's
After a 49ers Victory
Watching bikes getting delivered on Platte St.
Must be a good starting point for people!
Ready for something beyond a snapshot?
Call us, we can create something very special
Focus on the truths that provide a clear path to your destiny!
Without focus life's issues will always blurr your life!
Now we stepped into cruel world where everyone keeps score
What fun.
Third time's a charm baby
I need a writing cabin, or maybe a flag system.
When the flag is up, I am in the writing zone.
Do not disturb!
it was cold that night
I think Rick Kranitz said I know about a dozen times to Wolf there.
One of those nights.
In general: Double standards are not allowed  the same standard governs all.
thank you
Has Ted Thompson tweeted his pick yet?
its bullshit Chris
Want to catch more errors in your writing  read it out loud.
Some things i cannot change But till i try ill never know
Make sure your company is leveraging Internet marketing best practices with our whitepaper
if ur gone this weekend, can you just leave the keys to ur place under the doormat?
and I need to sleep.
Learn more about Jean Dean  the 94.1 team
you should take a look at Leonetti bottles  thick and sexy without being too big.
anyone out there vibing on some Big John?
Tables for this weekend at both Static  sister venue are filling up fast!
Call or email now before they're gone!
Thanks.
Dick Gordon is as easy to talk to as he seems.
did you throw the book?
you should!
Although stressful it builds a future that no one can take away from you!
I am so sick of Dwayne Wade's smug bullshit.
Two men looked out of prison bars; one saw mud the other saw stars.
Unknown Poet.
Which do you choose to see??
:
RT : I want some spicy wings and seasoned fries, with ranch.me to
Why aren't the Hawks putting ANY pressure on Rondo?
No problem.
I ended up ordering a 13.3 Vaio SA upgraded to the i7.
The XPS 15z was too big and didn't like the 14z's feel.
Mad I aint get a chance to see
Remember to be authentic and truthful, even when it is uncomfortable
Thx Thorin, lots of big things developing as we head into June!
Hope to see you and your pops in Atlanta!
S/o to the team one time.
April 12th Partyboyz LIVE at Endless Music.
RT
Scams for tickets are rampant.
Please be careful.
If a price seems too good to be true, probably is.
Voted!
Best of luck!
Does anyone know who created the American Museum of Natural History iPhone app?
Inspired!
I wish that I lived in Jacksonville!!!
I would be training with you!
:
Few things sweeter in sports than seeing hordes of Yankees fans heading for the exits in the eight inning...
For wiki assns, have small groups develop sections of the site.
Group leader directs the edit nature
LieToMe its not gonna end well for u....
Whose enjoying a glass of Wines That Rock wine tonight?!
To be or not to be
6 yrs ago I hiked thru rainforest in Palenque w/Broncos fans to watch Pats lose, walk home in high doctorg trafficking area.
Help a gal out Tom
Looked like Rondo just threw someone down on the inbounds.
KG grabs a bucket off the turnover.
Glad you're on the follow.
Cheer to victory and love!
i see..
let me know its name.il doctorp in this weekend.
No doubt.
I GOTTA retweet Beat Street.
It's like a heartbeat....
Beat Street...
Seen this flick over two hundoctord times.
That said, now I'm excited to be sitting in on final doctorss rehearsal for 's new show tonight!
Will report back.
..subject, enjoy!
It was raisins and walnuts.
It was delicious!
M....Kindle goodness.
I am so ready for some nature in less than two weeks
APD clarification: Israel Keyes is a SUSPECT, since he's been charged; not a person of interest.
I bet you keep a strait face wen you rite lol or lmao
is about to see bb king  buddy guy in concert.
School sucked but I'm home alone right now.I hate a bitch already but she got 3 strikes or I pull the extensions
can't get no righta
Having a doctornk before atlsex with
Spent 2.5 hours in the yard this afternoon.
Got some exercise and fresh air.
Yard still looks like the before picture, but oh well.
Wasn't able to say it before.
But happy birthday !!!
love you and don't party too much ;
finally off work tomorrow.
woo hoo!
Depends on the phone.
Iph0ne is super easy if it's in the iTun3s store
About to watch, Think Like A Man.
So much for my day and night.
Great dinner Thanks for making it a
that's what I'm saying!
Need my twinn  start summert
I don't even know who that is, just saw the nonsense on twitter.
crazy!
Im visiting my family for a week.
re: Guilty Pleasures  noted.
and new song boyfriend 3 I could be your buzz light year :
: Dimon: This trade didn't violate the Volcker Rule, but it violates the Dimon principle.
sorta...what's up?
IKR.
Smh...I might need to take a longer vacation soon
Miss America 2012 back in progress
Newcomers brief for the Mongolian Task Force
Be sensitive to their sensitivity
I'll be talking up , and tonight during discussion on art dialogue
no I seen it and thought it was funny even though the only ones I like are busta corey and sometimes wayne
MyTop5LadyGagaSongs Poker Face
FLOW ME IN THERE TOO!
I FOLLOW BACK!
No problem.
Play around with it and then let me know how else I can help.
yea 2mar answer the phone its gone be a crazy  tho RT u don't get no phone calls ?
Blake Griffin reminds me of that Edina kid who got an Audi instead of a Lexus.
My life just improved tenfold.
It's time!!!
RT : Looking forward to opening this Sunday with
Good to hear
Leaders should never react based on what someone tells them about an issue  get supporting documentation of employee claims ask questions!
It is Baldamar Toledo of Redcardforashirtgate, if I remember correctly.
I don't think they are using a piece...
why open source is good
AGon sure took some off balance hacks today!
Me too.was sad when Adam voted for the other one : but she will have a great career RT :
Just doctorpped a batch of signed copies of 1812 at Washington Street Books.
They need a sign like Krispy Kreme!
too bad its hard to find pot in a dopeless place :/
Ah.
NOW I see.
Was already following you; moved you to a list that is bookstores and zines and reviews.
oh wow, how weird, i just bought party monster today and was upset that it doesn't go by it's original name anymore.
Good luck to my Puerto Rico representer in his fight tomorrow.
LATINO STAND UP MAYNE
Chilling at the house with the pup enjoying an early start to the holiday weekend!
Hi , Plz DM us  provide an email addoctorss for an exciting opportunity centered around Cloud in San Francisco.
Thnx!
those bastards nearly hit him 3 times in as many ABs, we gotta do the same when Cedeno bats!
I think most breakfast food is better as dinner or a night time snack.
IfICouldDoItOverAgain I will go back to 8th grade
Best .
Movie .
Ever .
Worked on a Sean Crouch film this weekend.
Have another lined up.
So fun.
I don't believe in being put in a box
Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos tells reporters these have been his best two years in Albany
Still can't believe that Anthony Shadid is gone.
Rest in peace.
Not only was she sexy, but has AMAZING quotes about life too...
she was a smart lady...
Wish I could be there......I think?
gay marriage really should be legalized so we can all shut up about it
do you have any deadlines for application?
I can't believe Demi will be judging the x factor omg.
Is this real life or...
Oh your COOL not  
Digital Wallets Beyond the Money  Idea ...
Idea Engineers  Sapient
buy my girlfriends moms car off her to help her out with some financial issues.
bleh
not a problem.
:
Shorter santorum: good earmarks save money
First time during spring break I'm not falling asleep with my t.v on
I have a better chance.
She rt'd me.
Believe in the ones that believe in you.
good idea!
I might have to copy you!
turn that frown....upside down!
Moderation is better than muscle, selfcontrol better than political power.
Proverbs 16:32
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there thank u for all that you ladies do.
how do you wanna handle it?
we kill them all.
yeah but that one dunk from smith was
wats good bro
Join DesignMatters in our inaugural event featuring Herman Miller's Creative Director, Steven Frykholm.
October 20, 2011
blessing Amy.
have a bless day.
Welcome to twitter and congrats on being named to new roster of Dancing With The Stars
RT : Tell us about the first time you got behind the wheel of a manual car.
How many times did you stall out?
We've all done it!
Tonight we will be celebrating 5 de Mayo.
Party starts on the patio at 6pm.
DJ Kazte  Revolucionario will be spinning from 68pm.
Austin  Mahomies is trending!
proud I love you!
follow me?
3
YES I Big up fi di US Roots clic seen?
2 1/2 men still in reruns  when is Charlie coming back
Who's bright idea was it 2 buy 4 bags of candy when our neighborhood population of 10 yrs and under is maybe 2 kids?
They could have scored.
Depends on ur perspective of god, I believe god is n everything, our body/man is just a form that is used.
: too soon bro
Austin City Limits Lineup is amazing!
Why can't Stevie Wonder Headline Lolla?
how are you
shirt jeans combat boots.
:p
oh, i love that song!
i see no future too.
thanks for tweeting my link.
:
lol.
Since I was 14 son.
I've always had a beard.
Haha
Interned with the Raiders?
Sacrilege....;
I'm excited to hear what Clinton Kelly's going to say to an auditorium filled with academic librarians!
hahah we gotta chill soon dude!
sucks to want to kno!
sounds perfect to me.
Time of our lives
wine is good for the soul And you're a good soul.
Good times with et al soaking in the knowgledge from
he showed me his lil dimples and next thing I know, that's what happened lol
Sup KC have u checked over at TiPB.com for tips?
Always looking for those doctorsses...
Leo is the best dog ever!
I love my baby!!!
are you taking the trip to Japan with the M's to open the season?!
LOL same here!
it kinda sucks cause id rather stay and stare at him ;
Watching the fight with my Panamanian brothers.
Outdoor bird watch
what a mess
Or aren't already set in their limited beliefs about what the library is and can offer them?
if we go now I'll unblock you and be nice again.
otherwise fuck yourself
Soo today I left house...
Now at mine!
School is on Monday :/ then after school I am going to house!!
XML, XSL, CSS, RDF...one last goround with acronym soup for Document Structures course.
background/context:: 401 unauthorized on gwibber client
That awkward moment when you say a cuss word and the teacher is standing right behind you.
I still get butterflies even though I've seen you a hundoctord times.
We love having our authors come in to visit.
Today we have !
...need to get the boys together soon....and the girls....

Hey Amy  Molajo looks very cool.
As did I!
Never said a bad word about the city but many good things about buffalo and the fans Plus he fills a need for little
Till 8 usually.
Same with Monday if that works better for you.
My Man!
Respect : Checkin out these tracks from Floridas own That Smoke and Ride is Dope and Ima Don too!
What are you favorite footy apps on the iPhone?
hahaha more of a snarky tweet.
No actual surprise!
firefox 4 locks up for a few seconds intermittently.
Addon installed is adblock plus on one, java console on the other.
Look abroad through Nature's range, Nature's mighty law is change.
KM's wedding was so beautiful.
Can't wait to do it again soon.
this was an excellent podcast, however.
Been fans since the beginning.
Just catching up on missed episodes
Mason's with the Texans?!?
Hello.
I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge blog.
I would like to feature you and your company.
welcome to
Give your relationship the gift of caring objectivity by experiencing relationship coaching.
Dunwoody.
Accuracy is diff from balance.
nvm ...
she texted just in time .
has made my morning!
Thanks, sweetie!
3 :
Well I'm confident I'll win one ncaa pool this year!!!
New Home onwer ?
Call a contractor you can trust.
Interior /exterior home renovation services.
Ca.St Lic 630616 6195625848 Call today !
TAYLOR GANG!!!!
ah ok.
Look at umass!
All social media savvy lol
mane bro trying you know how we do!
3
I'd be very excited to hear Penn on WTF.
Just saying.
never!
Happy holidays btw!
Good nap, ha no sleep tonight and no school tomorrow!!!
Idk maybe their outside your window?
Quick nap, then going to do some work!
This time I WILL wake up when my alarm goes off!!
I WILL I TELL YOU!!
I WILL!
I heard u lick buttholes...
i dunno about all that twitter is so different then fb
It's more fun to read than write, I promise.
Aww thank YOU for the support!
:
When do you want me to swing over?
some one help me
New Girl  every other show.
I'm a cutter lol
baby I love u
My first Mother's Day as a mother, and it's probably the best thing ever.
The day has started off well : I love my family!
RT if you had to sing a WhitneyHouston song at a graduation ceremony
I always laugh at this 'retype your email addoctorss' thingie, when filling a form.
I use linux, so I just select  click the sucker into place
how goes the juice cleanse?
Been thinking of doing it myself.
Taylor Swift's Video Evolution: From 'Tim McGraw' To 'The Story Of Us'
Oh my!
That's really scary!
Good luck at college next year.
hehe.
x
who do you like??
:D
Man that muthafukkahhh go hard af!
U Gotta Feel Me Throw yo shit up!
Where my H town at?
Boutique salon helps women bring out inner strength and confidence
You know what's terrible?
Having a sinus infection and a fever when absolutely no one is around to take care of you.
Going to type something but typing 'One Direction' instead by accident because you know...
Feels like a Monday
Congratulations to our client  that just booked blah blah, for yada yada.
Uh huh...sure.
Sorry, didn't see this!
It was slick, doctor and dusty : Pretty much follow the leader.
Very slow.
how about someone who might tweet you back
Fantastic testimony from States Attorney Joe Cassily from Harford and DepASA Todd from Worchester.
Real examples of abuse not reported.
Thx
It'll never happen.
Why improve your own network when you can just create a monopoly!
going back to bed, i am so tired.
PGA Tour Cmsr.
Tim Finchem says Masters too important for tour to take it off schedule, even with an allmale membership at Augusta.
You too!
hahaha.
You always make me laugh.
Thanks!
I know what I want and I will not settle for anything less.
Today's pizza is...mozzarella, port salut mix, herb spread, and smoked chicken for just 12.00.
Get free toasted ravs!
Thanks!
again I am blushing
The awards for students majoring in advertising, PR, and corporate comm begin, read by Joyce Wolburg
Thanks for the retweet.
Your twitter background is beautiful..!
Pismo BeCh, good to see yo again!
Wish I could stay for a second but goy to keep motoring down the highway.
: God promises your payday is on its way.
Get up every day expecting God's favor, and you'll see God do amazing things.
WTF IS WRONG WITH ME
Wow!
RT There are 8.3 million womenowned businesses generating 1.3 trillion in revenue  employing nearly 7.7 million people
I enjoy a range of music too, but love alternative.
Nothing can make me get up and dance faster then Blue Monday!
HAHA OMG AW !
when i was little i tried to make my cats look pretty by doctorssing them up in my baby clothes :
Why do we have like 8 random adults welcoming us into school?
Thanks for participating!
Have a great week.
Be sure to pray  spread word to every day, every morning, every night, say a prayer for Alex 3
We are hard at work on a number of fronts.
The first thing out is our new webpage layout.
It's up.
No new content, but there'll be SOON.
In life, you're going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used, but you have to decide who's worth your tears and who's not.
hows your day????
anisha scott it was good.
I was sleep earlier so now im just not tired.
How was ur day love?
Having to switch to this account because is in twitter jail!
:
amazing and scary.
my 3yo already navigates youtubenetflix  need to keep in check
yeah i am
I gotta head to my moms crib....
Right fast!!!!
Did Power Circuit Training Abs  Power Circuit Training Upper Body Workout  a mixed treadmill workout for 60.01 minutes...
In other words...
In an interesting twist, no monkeys are used in the making of monkey gland sauce
During the championship game ups?
Only shipping fedex from now on
LOL I just got one that has the word 'Saturdat' in it.
: Yours is a little funnier though :
Synchronicity!
This is awesome.
You know our area well ;
I wasn't tweeting for you...
:
It's true!
RT : You know how you can tell you have nerdy friends?
When everyone's status says may the 4th be with you today
the problem is i used to think i was a seven for the longest time and now i am all confused
has opened registration for the L.A.
Backstage Tour, February 25, 2011.
Reserve your spot today for this incredible opportunity 4078760006
This sounds like fun.
bucks and BucksBango say will be at game tonight.
Will Bango dunk over the NFL MVP?
Hell yeah!: Always excited for Mondays!
Here's to another great productive week!
entrepreneur determination hardwork
Breaking News our indie comedy Life at the Resort was selected to screen at the New York International Film Festival!
Just wrapped up my headshot session with and her flaming red hair.
Happy effin' Easter, bros.
:S
Interesting.
Tolerant or not cognizant?
Blasting SaySomethin.
has the BEST voice ever.3
Thanks to the spirit of Christian freedom, women in our land are favored above the sex in any other nation.
Hope my doesn't keep me up all night tonight!
I need sleep badly!
Bad dog!!
never an X always a friend.
Game 2!
Let's go Heat more dominance on the menu
my face is burning.
I look like rudolph the freaking red nosed reindeer.
memberships go on sale Saturday!
We are waiving the joining fee September 17  30!
Come by for a tour Sat.
9am2pm
I don't know those details yet, but I'll find out!
RT : I think that when obama FULLT evolves on the gay issue, he and Joe Biden will get married//hahaha
I do, but more so I can do a better job with the LibGuide for it.
: We are ready for some shots tonight !
would love one.
What's your speciality?
dctf member Marans: We are facing a public health tragedy, an American tragedy.
What do we need to do?
Bloom: Funding.
okay, true, but cell is quickly becoming a musthave anyway so consolidating payments into it would be handy.
Debit card  backup
RT : RT : Is there any reason not to abolish the US Senate?///The US House.
//Oh, good point.
Please just do as you say and say what you mean.
Product Review: Kevin Murphy Color.Bug MIRACLE PRODUCT: Kevin Murphy Color.Bug THEY SAY: Switch up your hair color as quick as y
Working on new merch designs!!
wow were nominated for a Grammy?
Where have I been?
Congrats!
I am so proud of you gaby can't wait to hear your music
I'm sure you look fabulous!!
Have a perfect day!!
Obama makes a strong move to the hoop!
CakeCakeCakeCake.
I love that song.
Its Sexual Healing 2012
Man, some Laker fans are straight up jerks.
Check out mentions.
So underrated locally and still cheap to own!
Non BCS teams literally have no chance  voters  cpu's decide who's gonna play for the title.
College Football is dumb.
If you haven't seen 1408 with John Cusack, you've missed one hell of a scary movie!!
There can be little doubt that with those blisters, John Isner will not be anything close to a favorite at the French Open.
Hire students ok.
Will do.
Can someone send some good ones to us?
Lol the Beach Boys havent aged a day ;
Did anyone notice Atlanta was misspelled on the scorer's table?
I'll do it a if I can get tickets and b if you send me some VCU gear.
Design fans share ideas on Pinterest
I'm useless to this family
I'm getting geared up for my first evah giveaway!
Stay tuned, you know you wanna win!
Hey lisa Come to Mexico MexicoNeedsAustin please?
Total mis communication...but still nothing but good news
Salute to all the veterans.
Happy Veteran's Day!
LOL  I was going for hopeful :
Why are people RTing me from like 82029 years ago?
lol
Me: I love you mom and I don't say that to many people.
Mom: I'm honored, now call the dentist.
Smh.
5 not alive
the name of the Twitter list you put me on made me snort with laughter.
Because I'm obviously immature  easily amused.
When you're hot you're hot!
Salsa chicken  rice w/steamed broccoli was a hit.
Full tummy.
Ah.
Tomorrow we welcome a new incoming class of students, aka our 2015 alums!
GET READY BALTIMORE!
Monkey is dead.
Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end.
Ayoo niggaaa.
Date or for everybody.
And follow back!;
Doing my best to help spread the gospel.
have a great trip.
It's Sunday!
Time to get religious....uh, no....every day is God's day, I give thanks to Him for every second of my life, amen.
230 but we go past 5 sometimes
Yay!!
My Michael is home!
I'm so bored, I just went through 's tweets and looked at every twitpic to pass the time...
I feel so good about myself right now.
He who knows only his side of the case knows precious little of that.
John Stuart Mill
333 i love both of you guys
FF the newest member of the RefinedFam If interested in the StreetTeam email us
Due out in eight days, the annual FHA actuarial review could point to the future role government will play in housing finance.
You can't win...
aww...honored!
And ditto to you.
snoop dogg sold cameron diaz weed in high school
FF Belated Thanks/ Welcome Aboard past follows Move your way!
Are you a good bitch or a bad bitch?
Haha
This is an example of a very long thedoors tweet.
All the way up to 140 characters in length.
Stronger than dirt stronger than dirt stro
OutoftheLoop what should i do if my spouse is unfaithful?
Try to work it out.
I'm not an actor...
BUT...
I'd improv my ASS off to be on inlivingcolor!!
um, nope.
Not speaking for this public librarian.
Waiting to chat with Larry Ahrens at 9 AM on 1550  hope you'll join us!
Being single doesn't mean you aren't good enough for anyone, it means no one is good enough for you.
Anyone wanna go to Jersey for the Rock The Bells tour?
The lineup is awesome.
lol its pretty good ill send u some
I was sitting in a meeting this morning thinking Why don't we notice when we blink?
Blew my own mind.
What will Apple look like apres Jobs?
Robert Shiller best cure for depression: altruism works better than prozac
Love the new professorle pic!
Six days until
when you kids making it back down to miami?
The empowering wind that doctorws breath from despite, Roars 'neath my wings as I soar with the end in sight
Also, five unclaimed Biz Lunch sack lunches were delivered to some very appreciative folks who really needed them!
Enjoying the first day of my week vacation!
Yet can't manage to sleep past 9 a.m.
I was looking at some of ur pics, and I ran across that vile stuff Code Pine was flashing.
I can't believe it.
But there it is.
EVIL
Things turn out best for people who make the best out of the way things turn out.
Woody Hayes
Yeah dude.
I dunno.
And then again when the movie comes out.
we are sanded
Have you signed up for Google offers?
Do you like it better than Groupon?
Suzy Brown, meeting organizer, just walked in the hotel with doctor Collins.
Oh you make it sound so simple!
LOL!
what have you been up to post Superbowl?
Anything interesting?
You're sick in the fucking head.
You need professorssional help you deceiving cunt.
But my dad woke me up and now I can't go back to sleep :
Six pack by January.
Watch me
aw ...
hahaa Bad Tail .
nice save, but pls don't do that again.
I need a boy to talk to
Still plenty of seats left, but moving at a nice pace
WOW!
They are really cutting back.
Ricidulous!
I have a need to learn how to verify a form and populate a database with inputs as soon as I can.
other todos are less pressing.
Also, you spend a lot of time on budgets.
And pls.
And saying no to cool ideas from creatives because they have poor ROI.
Consolation update: After one period, the score is still 00.
Grand Rapids/Greenway holds the shots advantage at 122.

We can't wait!
See you there...62 days and counting!
Still need to lock down good coaching, please throw me anything you can think off.
CallMeMaybe from is stuck in my head!
My heart hurts so much I feel like dying.
Coffee is a poor substitute for a good night's sleep.
Helps you wake up without any of the jitters or the bad breath.
why am I gettin tweeted weeny pics from strangers???
Is this issue around attention a factor of how cheap a time investment twitter makes joining the fray?
I would be incredibly happy in Denver won.
Then I would laugh my ass off.
Getin my Earrings on May 20
But that's every day!
Have to delay that post a few days actually...
Shooting for Wed.!
thank you!
Day is almost over!
RT  When the Dolphins play, Ima watch Any Given Sunday instead, because atleast that Miami team is entertaining
thinking and praying for the victims and their families of the Fort Hood Massacre!
Good Morning Warriors and Friends!!!!!!!!!!
how are you today
like how I mix it up w/my two Twitter identities?
darn.
Hopefully you'll get used to it
RT : Ima free bird, I gotta fly!!
Hanging out with my bestfriend3:D
This Friday night we buzz into Stingers in Wixom to sting you in the exact spot we stung you in before.
Mouths don't get pregnant
Thanks very much...
People are still talking about Kaner's doctornk weekend?
I GUESS I SHOULD WRITE ABOUT IT FINALLY.
Art is the signature of civilizations.
Beverly Sills
James Bond will no longer ask for a Martini shaken, not stirred  instead in the next flick, he'll ask for a Heineken.
Product Placement!
iPadCrunch after my iPad was stolen in january I waited diligently for the new one to come out, wait will be soon over
I contacted I would like to speak to guys about possibly collaborating.
Interesting to follow this Seth Greenberg breaking news ...
especially if Seth hasn't a clue what's going on, per
Just had fried pickles had sweet tea yesterday now just need friend chicken to complete the southern trifecta
About to play the last show of 2010...this year was pretty awesome :
RT : It's small business saturday make sure to support these Chicago business
now banging that GROUP HOPE  LIVING PROOF VIDEO MBTV LIVE  WE PREGAMING www.microphonebully.com
haha that's so weird.
why can't I ever have neighbors that play music I like.
This bass and doctorm beat is atrocious.
1yearago Assad thought his son would someday rule Syria .
He was wrong.
Too cold outside my car, too warm inside my car
lmao u all lazy n stuff mark it down on ya calender goof
With today's run, hit the 40 mile/week mark.
Off to a nice start this year.
Will need  enjoy the yoga session in a few hours.
What is everybody doing this weekend in Lyons?
I bet is has something to do with music?
Peace cannot be kept by force.
It can only be achieved by understanding
Goodnight everybody 
It could be sunny so you could eat on the patio...
But still, pretty sweet place to wake up.
well they hit hot topics: PILOT subsidy for Lexington Sq, rec centers, aftschool prgrams, even EWOs!
More snow and rain Saturday morning.
South sound hills Cascde foothills 12 slushy snow, a mix or only rain for the rest of us
I thought it was cute and the most entertaining thing so far.
yeah for sure...im proud to admit i dont have a list.
Im proud of my parents the way they raised me or I'd be something else.
A nonscientist asked me if he could start a Kickstarter campaign to fund a research project.
Yes Yes Yes!
over here musical improvising was autocorrected to improving
RT : They're all about that thug life!
That's why I hate my hometown of Cincinnati!
Glare You are lucky to be spared a rant owing to Twitter's truncated character limit...
Another weekend, another performance!
: The Magical Lamp of Aladdin performs again 3 p.m.
this afternoon!
Buy your tickets today!
HEY HEY HEY!
Shouldn't they be jumping at the chance for no class?
Or do they really like it that much?
Kicking off COFLA we are reminded that LA riots happened 20 years ago,  how local community rallied in crisis to recover.
RIP Adam Yauch of the BeastieBoys  MCA passes away at age 47 due to cancer...
Respect.
What's your favorite Beasties song?
It's national take your kid to work day.
Does that apply to college students?
God really does like that tebow guy...
I dont
Oh that's cool Lol :
It hurts when you want someone but can't have them.
It hurts more when you have had that someone and you lost them.
Just picked up Fly and Be Damned: What Now for Aviation and Climate Change?
published by been 10 years since I read a Zed title
The things some people do.
Smh...only in Arizona!
Im a photogwas always told I had to get releases for everything How can these photos be posted w/o a release?
avoid Olentangy on way to NST Saturday, Cap City half marathon closing Olentangy south of Lane.
FOLLOW he FOLLOWS BACK
I just finished w/Valentine's Day.
I'm not ready for Easter.
Congrats, Tom!
Based on your twitter icon, can we assume there is a photography degree in your future?
This will be weird.
Am without my MBP for a few days while the video card gets looked at.
Did a little displaced gongyo; Not perfect, but effective in trying times or otherwise.
Nmister
ThankYouCody for sharing your life with us!
We can't tell you how much it means to us!
im in the this class bored as fuck i dont know i should go to 7th retweet if i should
On the way to Atlantic City with Craig Robinson and Nasty Delicious tour...we left Arlington VA, reinspired, and ready for day 3.....
Family friend at a church cookout saved all labels and made sure my daughter had safe food without being asked.
She really warmed my heart.
: Nike Cross Nationals is streaming LIVE!
Watch here: t.co/9iDdbTIj Nike not against ALL live streaming
HEY HEY YOU YOU YOU NEED A NEW GIRLFRIEND ; 
Watching It's a Wonderful Life and trying my best not to cry like I always do.
I use every last one of those lies!
:P
Hey give it a shot and see if it works!
follow me please, porfavor, merci.
please 
RT : Today is the oldest you've ever been , and the you
It's colder than a witches tit in a brass bra in this school.
Canucks cool Jets to stay in hunt for top spot
Love my SocialMedia fam!
Great seeing  meeting u all tonight!
cont'd
four backtoback dance classes?
exhausting, but totally worth it.
Wade's gonna go off next half lbs
Just bought my ticket for Mega Millions!
I need to change my professorle pic.
I didn't realize a hoodie could kill me.
being bored is the worst thing ever.
date you again it's freaking ridiculous..
Gahdddd!
pet peeve: when your secure login times out a website says You need to be logged in to do that!
Oh oh
Good to know there's a doctor place somewhere in this state!
You Gon Learn Today
Who produced Sinatras 1984 release, L.A.
Is My Lady?
why's it raining?
D:
Romney is on fire but so is Nuet.
Mitt and Nuet already agree.
Lets bet on VP/P or P/VP now!
OH: Are you sure they have opposable thumbs?
RE: users of web product
cleaning my room...woo.
Oh, you flatter me!
: So glad to read you love the new look!
Are you trying our new stuffed rockfish tonight?
Librarian blinged out i chunky silver jewelry
My little sister fell off the truck!
Lmao!!
It was kinda my fault but I told her to be careful.
Too bad!
Lol
Even the Conde Nast building is snobby.
Call someone's cell in there and it rings once then hangs up on you.
hashem sends us what we need and we are thankful.
Happy 16th Birthday , hope you have an amazing day, loveyou!
:3
how could you do this to me?!?
RTing !!!!
disappointed..
Thought we had a connection after monday and wednesday!!
they're but just the blue group.
HEB lost an awsesome worker and amazing friend.
R.I.P Jameel, NO ONE will forget your smile.
/:
Congrats on Dean
tailgate starts at 4 ..
Grateful that came to our seminar yesterday!
Great to see my friends!
all i had today was breakfast n thats all its weird usually i have lunch whats wrong with me
haha yes, yes it is :P
Maddie...
you're my ancestor.

lol im lost , but i had some of them this morning  ;
Redevelopment reanimators could save time and ink by simply writing: We want taxpayers to continue subsidizing our private developments.
you can stick your facebook up your twitter
we'd love to know how does for you in matching people w/twitter handles  let us know what you think!
Sorry I couldn't make it to the show, my parents decided to come to town last min.
Hope it's going well.
Why isn't there chocolate flavored yogurt?
um....
I think we got the memo, mark.
Why haven't the have a blackout at Staples for the playoffs?
Or a purple out?
Oh or old school yellow out!
Very typical.
I just block them.
It eventually calms down.
Winning is better than coffee!
Good morning and let's go cards
horoscopes be so true, but i rarely check mine since God dont like that.
Lawyer just said: I wasn't yelling, I was advocating strongly.
it was awesome, thanks!!
You Sell Liquor Here?
No Why Not?
This Is A Shoe StoreIdiot.
Somebody get this kid a blunt so he can chill the fuck outt.
RT : Im excited to see our friends in Paris at Fashion Week !
pics please!!
Congratulation to Miami en escena The magazine online for the great nomination!
Rosana Lopez Cubas you deserve it!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio Texas.
Policy could be crafted for the real world and transparency.
Why else do council members have staff?
!!!!!!!
: I am a virgin.
But a lot of people seem to think I'm not
Taking on new clients!
Contact us today for all your Social Media needs!
We also do Graphic Design!
My cousin dnt have any REAL friends at Tech!
Prolly 2 or 3 but the rest of y'all ain't real!
She got her family so she good
No, Nicole, great day for West Virginia.
Get it right.
thought i smelled something.
ill dm you
They accept responsibility and dont sidestep it, but we gets the credit
What kind of roles would you like to see me play?
your little missive about Anita doesn't have the ring of truth.
Why did you let the NYT do your homework?
Time to up your game
we're healthy and we're happy...
yet when anybody asks us we say not bad
Is this the USF Bulls playing or the Miami Heat?
The Bulls are putting an asswhooping on
I do this often at a non conscious level.
Hadn't realized
Role 3 be prepare to just suck.
Ask people other than your friends and family for real critique.
No sugar coated BS.
It may hurt It may not
Costume Contest  USwirl!
Oct 30, all day.
Winner at each location.
Prizes for all ages!
SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT!
that's exactly wut we said
I just love my mom.
I think about her in every move and choise I make.
She's the reason I'm here and I'm not totally fucked up.
cool story bro
you doctorpped my feeling lol 
Living on a prayer.
Here's to the Mahomies who wakes up at insane hours, just because they hope to be online when Austin is.
That's dedication.
yes next Sunday
I know!
right?
Didn't feel like going to downtown with my boyfriend hahaha I wanted to sleep in  just chill at home, he could take me tomorrow :
Thanks for the the follow back!!!
Awesome of u!!!
we're watching too!
That was exciting, so the real contenders emerge from the mountain battlefield...
Voeckler has heart
didn't make it either.
Was Johnny come lately on tix, and bust to boot.
girl nah
The Cardinals beating the Phils is like chipping it off of Frankenstein's fat foot.
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Joseph Campbell
I'm facing an interesting dilemma at the moment because I gave up fictionreading for Lent but I think it's actally been bad for me.
:/
i found you:P
Oh, no  I didn't make that.
Just retweeted.
Is the work of
Proud to be a supporter in DC
Have not been.
Any scriptchat peeps been to Inktip Pitch?
Dear Creator, Thank you, more please!
Great job 2nd place podium finish 0.9045 behind Power.
This will help in points.
Let's get ready for Indy.
..appreciate the follow!!
Doors are at 8pm and the show starts at 9!
Go support your favorite guys!:
Give me the greatest graces to love You so deeply in this Mass, You who are so worthy of my love.
Happy Tuesday to you too :D
oh yeah, forgot about cocktails, another great choice!
The Pioneer Woman's Pulled Pork looks so good I want to pull my pork.
I find myself wondering, given 's account of scholarship, why we do it.
My experience is of joy in thinkingreading.
well good for you i guess we can just chill at yo dorm later or sum shit
I hate how people are acting like they are the biggest The Weeknd fans now but you didnt know who the nigga was before Crew Love.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game.
Unknown Author
And Axford is not pitching because......
That sounds awkward, mostly because that implies the possibility of plural spheres, thus: THAT IS GAY BALLS ARE TOUCHING!
How doing doctorw?
man the biz has got to change dude..
I see too much of it my way now...
I'm losing hope
REALLY OK XD YEAHHHA BOY WHOOHOO XD OH...wait howw :/ or do i go with the flow : hahahaha
I'm down.
Let me know about timing :
that's a badass idea.
Let's do it.
What city?
Air max's give you about an inch point five on height..lol.
I need those..lol
Huge thanks to for making my bf one happy man this Xmas.
Only problem is that now I want to steal his gift...
I like
RT : RT doctornk for a great cause!
Stop by Thurs  Sat during happy hour for a Bee's Knees!
Proceeds benefit
SEO Positive Declare Top Digital Marketing Event a Major Success
I don't have to get up in the morning
nigga I texted you back right when I got the message and you JUST now texted me saying you forgot
Steve did for Apple what Leo did for Fender.
God Bless you mister Jobs, and feel better man.
Apple are so damn good
Brewers win :
: You can move on and everything, but the memory remains...
Holy geez!
Could my husband snore any louder?
I think not.
Twit from my phone.
Cool!
Is it me or did Twitter change it mobile website??
Did Danica get you into them?
Already?...
So Thursday?
Zubaz optional.
Where we going to meet?
I am excited!
Woo Hoo!!
play at home tonight.1st place RedWings tix avg 57.
Beer is 6 avg.
It's Friday...
Have a few brews.
When I said ithoughtyoulookedgood and that you are hotallsummer I was being sarcastic.
I should have bet on it.
Shout out to my home team!!!!!
:
Nikki lane is on now with Hugh  co.
Backing her.
Grab a cab and get over here!
It's set up day at The RitzCarlton, HMB!
Quick breakfast and then the fun begins.
We look forward to welcoming you in the morning
I love that my friends and tweet eachother.
On a mission to tha swap meet
We will never be good enough.
And even if we could, being good enough would never be good enough.
Are you in Miami?
RT : LOYALTY AIN'T IN YOU FUCK NIGGAZ U WASN'T RAISED RIGHT..UR DAD SHOULD HAVE NUTTED ON DA BITCH NOT IN HER!!
negative I have collapsed
come with me then
I'm sure it would ' honor if you took his side of the nest.
are the shit!!
I love them 3
Im what yu need
Vice president of my company  several higher ups just stopped by.
Luckily I came out in the good side of that surprise visit.
Haircut time at visible changes!
I love your beer, it is definitely my 1 choice.
But sometimes a 1 Pabst pounder is easier on my wallet.
We love you, !!
RT doctorving to Bristol.
ETA 7:52 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
Thank goodness for Labor Day, even though I'm working.
Still feels like a day off.
Yippee!
Selling most of my books on Ebay today.
Some dvds later.
as well.
Ebay name is localgirl95 if interesting in helping me clean my room
Researchy search.
If you're involved in citizen science at all, get in touch  that's what I'm researching.
Watching the coverage of François Hollande's first day as President of France and waiting for him to announce who the Prime Minister will be
Got first in the 100 and hurdles.
Yo, what's up?!
not too bad here, always the battle of trying to work projects while paying the bills....how's it there?
Setting up for TEDX Nashville at TPAC today.
It's going to be a great show!!
Wade in the Water, new program of gorgeous spirituals, tmister , 8pm!
Tix available online or at Wentz Hall!
What about Corpus?
It's fairly close to S.A : You have a lot of Mahomies here !
Really Bored Hope Mi Nye Night Go Good Wanna Party Like A Rockstar
Find the right balance between selfpromotion and selfdescription.
Showcase your personality!
I'm down to do sokeep me posted.
Just seen the Broadway play Magic Bird and it was pretty cool
Hmm how late will I be up tonight..
oO RT It's sad that people really pay money to have more followers.
I'd like to think I'm selfmotivated, but all the credit goes to coffee.
when you're low, that shit's as precious as gold.
It's awful printer ink cartridges have to be kept in locked, alarmed boxes.
Excited for my babys school trip tomorrow....but mommyworries :
Rao's Coffee will be available on the shelves at Big Y as of Monday, May 14.
Enjoy!
Word of the day is ROUGH!
Joints, voice  energy are shot today!
Saints vs 49ers unbelievable game!
TD Saints.
Wow
i remembered the name Pam Coronado i think..anyway dont know her personally just heard of her work :
I've been alright.
You?
One of my favorite bookrelated sites is Not a bookstore, but has ties to and
doctor roasted almonds are yum!
Curses, foiled again!
Eff you metro!!!
Love how loud this ump at the Yankees/Angels game is at calling strikes.
Sounds like he's taking a tough poop with each call.
Just had an amazing inspiring time with all the people next level seminar.
Great job everyone way to play full out.
Need to finish this year a
I'm 20

unrealistic.
Perhaps certain events are meant to test our ability to feel, even if negatively.
for valentines day?No need to wonder if you are with the right one.
True love at its best!
You're welcome
Every band needs at least one dude who doctorsses up as a cowboy.
Okay, country bands don't count.
False alarm.
They lost track of the plane.
It is at the gate.
That makes me a little uneasy but at least we r jeaded home
Good morning One hour till the straw poll opens.
in tent at 1:30PM today.
So excited to be here!
bit of a big lady but ya.
Scary as shitttttt Hahahahaha.
Thanks for the follow!
You've got yourself a new fan Loving the music!
thatawkwardmomentwhen your little sister screams NIPPLES, Nipples ARE what I like best!
What the heck?
weirdestchildever freak 
lol oh ok
Ended up with a rainbow bead necklace tonight.
i would love to
Still trying to figure out how I managed to pull relatively decent numbers out of my ass at work today
how stoked are you for lost bayou ramblers/quintron show?
It's frickin freezing in here mister Bigglesworth.
Fidelity National Title in Albuquerquecompletely unreasonable in not allowing a closing before HUD charges the buyer 25 for closing delay!
Should do a collaboration one of these days..
Nightmares all night.
What does that mean?
I love the Excalibur and Luxor, the best hotels on the Strip!!!
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene!
IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Avengers was amazing.
And I'm going to have too much fun with my new Avacyn archangel.
survived an evening with the ex!!
and is now enjoying rugby.
Let's go England!!
Merry Christmas!
We are all trapped in prisons of our own creation See Vanessa Lunnon in Getting Out dir.
Andoctorw Hamisterck.
www.lyrichyperion.com
LOL...it is rough but I know you can do it.
But if you're limiting it to seafood, it may not be too bad.
might just have to I know a kid with some serious Talent.
follow back
following you :
Welcoming our newest members summermom, jlinroos, cajack and our 100th member NVAmber.
Welcome aboard all and enjoy!
Well this is simple!
other musicians.
I KNOW RIGHT
Ah magic gooseontherocks : Hey make some magic for he is on route..
seeyousoon
NF sorry I'm mad late
but nothing beats a pathway of desire.
It's great when local businesses like Collector's Corner support local filmmakers!
What the?!?
Dude!
What was that??
The cinnamon apple air freshener in my car could not mask that smell.
Ew!
Somber mood at Invisible Childoctorn HQs.
Hugging, Tears, lots of people on cell phones.
cant wait to hear new original song!!!
It would turn into an episode of the First48 after she killed me

so looking forward to seeing her next week!
i saw Never Say Never today was very cool movie good :
How's everybody doing today?
Kk Jacob because u asked so nicely

You didn't have to hit me with that face lol.
It doctorves me insane when autocorrect changes 'fave' to 'face'.
Literally insane.
haha thanks very nice of you to comment :
because I'm here?
:D
RT : All doctorams come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Updating cabinet hardware is an easy way to change the overall appearance of your kitchen without investing a lot of money or time.
Tat my name on you SoIKnowItsReal for example RT: Don't make permanent decision for your temporary emotions tfb
I close up my ears to close off my heart, so i can doctorwn out the noise of this cruel world.
Shinji Ikari
Goodnight!
All :
I got your message.
We can plan for tomorrow evening around 8 my time.
Does that work for you?
is filming from CityTavern tomorrow morning!
Watch us EARLY on the news.
I barely have days off to even use it.
I can't wait until summer.
RT : I tried to text my mom Happy Mother's Day autocorrect changed it to Happy Mothers Fat...
autocorrectfailLMAO WOW
THE WEAK WILL NOT AWAKEN IF TIME FROM LACK OF SLEEP!
THE STRONG WILL WAKE UP ANYWAYS
well i think I would rather not hear about them.
Seeing as though we will be living there next semester.
where will the auditions for Miniotics be?
After studying for the past 4 days and 5 hours...I'm gonna wake up early and study some more.
awesome thanks!
get well soon!
You helped me win both my fantasy leagues last season.
Plus the Red Sox probably need you too.
that was a nice moment
you know it!
Kicking it right now!
Jeff van gundy is a fucking waste of sperm!!!
Hospitality Night The Anchor Bar..
ALso 50cent wings all day and night.
Bihhest CHOKE ever!!!!!
Look out for the grand opening of that POITIVE PUH online store!!
Met used powerful lobbyists to kill bills that would have brought forward and audit of Met  more transparency.
yep.
Every ep of 24/7 this season and the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame Ceremony
Oh yeah!
I actually lose it at that exact part!!!
No one will remember who won....!
Love it!
isnt it too late for you?
Congrats on the new job!
It's a goodnews kind of day.
:
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
But tomorrow,
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!3
Im assuming your playing flight B with 6pm start vs the insane 9am start time right?
: To all that dislike me, this is from the bottom of my heart...
Fuck your feelings.
Did you know that Cracker Barrel is very antigay?
Please don't support businesses with hidden and hurtful agendas.
Life is sweet, isn't it?
Happy for you having all these great opportunities.
Enjoy!
was just referred to as a mean crack dealer in SMS ;
hi Aliah!!!
all is well down in Louisiana...:
I really hope Phillip is safe tonight!!!
Unfortunately, my birth certificate was looted from a temple sometime during the Pelopennesian War.
20 off all lotions and 30 off all tan extender moisturizers until the end of August at 123 W Madison!
Fuck yeah !
Kindle arrived a day early  I don't think I've been so excited in a long time !
Big time nerd 3
on the level if not better than Teen doctoram, but will take some getting used too.
There are some gems on there for sure!
Gumbo 1c again!
i went from 267 2 271 and i pass out
collabs and live instrumentation!
:
BRCC game day on Saturday!!
God Night Brody :
Wow, well thanks a lot.
Hah Stupid Technology...
Oh, glad you got 2 go out!
That's so important!
We have to keep our sanity.
:
good u?
It must be fun live the tour life.
You know partying all night then sleeping all day.
it was FAB!!
Such a lovely show.
RT : Going to enjoy watching the Apple keynote tonight.
Didn't follow the live blogs.
The building is here!
It's in pieces and not ready to go up yet, but it's here!
Slab next week...starts going up beginning of October.
where at?
They do in my world.
RT  , these badges don't exist.
An excellent way to start this day :
If u can doctorve thru dearborn without getting hit, u can doctorve in the indy 500..
Dang.
I HATE car payments.
Just let me keep my money.
ooh you bad!
What do you shoot with?
I'm dying to get the Canon EOS 5D Mark II and the Canon EF 2470mm f/2.8L USM.
Now I just need a few thousand bucks.
Well that was the most shitty practice in the history of shitty practices...
Nice innovation open house at Good student population here in Boston.
Enjoying Nathan Martin from Deep Local talking about new technology in the ad world.
Be willing to accept change!
you did that on purpose ;p
I miss my bestfriend D':
Congratulations Taylor H and Angela K for winning our holiday raffle!
They each receive 50 gift certificate to Townshend's!!
Yep, Gots to love those Vintage aircraft!

follow them!
Sick company!
Microsoft Word 2010 tutorials: Microsoft Office Home amp; Student 2010 ...
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
he is not gone, he is watching over you and the blue and white on top mount nittany.
He is the father of so many he is PENN ST.
Nice doctorve Bucks, Woody is proud of you.
Cascade offline on May 5 7AM1PM for maintenance.
No access to Cascade but maintenance doesn't affect your live websites.
Amazing that there are different rules for UNC and Kansas on block/charge calls
Looking good : is this going to be the CD Cover?
Philip Philips!!!
3
The coolest part of the Madonna half time show was the end  when she let us all know she's a Laker fan.
Haha yes!!
I was laughing so hard when I read that part of it
People these days...
Honestly it's complicated is not a fucking answer.
Gary Durham: Salvation is the saving of our lovelife.
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
My boyfriend just put my phone in his pants..Thanks Awkward TryingToSaySomething ?
Lmao
Just read that the iphone5 is going to be build using liquid metal...
how great is that for phonecalls?
tomorrow's spring.....
and it started snowing..
great....
Doesn't go through progressions.
Tons of short throws.
He's like Trent Edwards meets Blaine Gabbert.
That was so awkward...
Thanks.
I'll take a look at it.
Way to go TarHeels!
Impressive win tonight.
Content makes poor men rich; discontentment makes rich men poor.
Franklin, Benjamin
Knowledge is power.
Always stay open minded, you never know what new things you may learn.
Let's get it :
It hurts to close my eyezzz.
HM...!
I BEEN SLEEPING ALOT...
VERY TIRED....
Dear Giants fans, you now have 2 more weeks to be happy with Tom Coughlin.
Then you can go back to calling for his head on a platter.
new years resolution to start using this
I've got the tune of a Jordanian concertino stuck in my head.
Must be
I Don't LIKE HIM NO MORE HE TO MEAN.
My bra has sequins on it and it looks like I have lumpy boobs thru my shirt.
Damnit.
umm idk, maybe not too long
Why you gotta bring your kid out when he's sick?
You're just asking for a fussy night.
Yeah the Full Program doesn't allow you to dive deeper into a program or posters to see what exactly is that time  where
I really wish I could see today....but I guess I'll have to wait till Friday.
9 done out of 45 :D
Happy Birthday dude.
so wonderful catching up today!
thank you so much!
take care, and have a great holiday!
UGH.
I sent it : I'll try to send you another one as soon as I can.
NFL SUNDAY!
Wear Your Team Gear and Get a FREE GIFT with 20 donation ALL DAY LONG!
Full Menu WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy!!!
;
is Rick Rubin the only person who uses Ping?
If you're interested in Intro to Horseback Riding for Actors in April, contact me!
RSVP by Wed 3/14...
session begins on Thurs April 5th!
Was supposed to be doing some vintage/midcentury shopping in st paul today, but all the cool shops r closed on monday...
Gah!
BeatTheHeat...
Let's keep it going.
Faith Knicks !
Harder to say her invention works similarly to this thing I designedtoo many vague patents.
salute RT: Got some Patron for the night!
need to hang with you for a day or two to get the lingo down
Whew!
I'm so glad that you are!
I was starting to worry.
OH goody on the latte.
Two sugars in the raw please.
:
was a project.
Caramelized sugar  bacon fat, poured over popcorncrispy bacon.
That boy is killing my hips.
favmoviequote How do you look at the man you love and tell yourself it's time to walk away?
Times like these makes me miss being taken.....
I've never been so excited for summer before, camp tejas with my girls then going on a missions trip with my church to jamaica.
so blessed 
Fuck every single one of you that walked away from me; For someone or something else
Thanks David!
Congrats to YOU for mixing the hell out of Celeste and Jesse!
Damn will dm me
Really excited for TLISI2012!
Wth is happening
So who is still in BTown?
I talk my shit but I back it up ahhaa
Apply micro links  they won't damage your natural hair!
You can email us with any questions, we're happy to help!
xox
There will be other times.
End of the second hour, M is up to 15.6, good enough for 6th at the table.
Still a long way from the bubble: 2000 left, 585 get paid.
damn .
about to leave this damn house  get blitttteddd !
fuck man 3.3 inhale the good shit .
exhale the bullshit !!
Still rocking the triumph?
We read to know that we are not alone.
C.S.
Lewis
Thanks for following!
Photoshop really needs to add the ability so typesearch for layers.
I think they're in denial that webdesigners use their app.
haha...
can't we get some review units?
We'll totally blog about it :
Looking forward to meet today at NU Feeding Boston, the view from the Front Lines
Hi there!
shocked to hear reddit was used to deliver content to university homepage!
heweb11 MMP4
Eric Cantor making a mockery of the Republicans.
You go boy destroy your party.
Take care of the rich screw the poor!
I just love movies.
All of them.
thanks redbox!
: It may look fake but it's real.
Sony made the disc to look that way intentionally.
The Ultimate Spa Package in Arlington, VA: Sea Salt Body Scrub, Vichy Shower, and 50 minute Aromatherapy Facial via
Counting how many girls in the program have the middle names of Elizabeth, Marie, Catherine, Lee and/or Nicole.
hey u follow me,,i follow u
Using Sass mixin and loving it
Or somebody paid a lot.
im already folowing him
The Sheehey  Zapruder timeout has slowed it down.
Good morning everyone!!!!
The movie It's Complicated is so funny :
Been laying on the couch watching movies all day, maybe ill step out for a moment
Help us celebrate the grand opening of SARA's new Branch Park in Goliad, TX this Saturday!
BBQ, bluegrass, disc golf  11AM to 2PM
Half the guys I went to high school with are complete closet cases.
GoshenProblems
Yes!
RT You don't have writer's block, you have life block.
Go out and live life, and then document what happens.
There was collegiality right before there was no more collegiality.
discussing WI politics, Feb 2011.
Miami doesn't even like the They've just got fans.
Why?
It's not like you wash it when you get home.
B/t that article, think like a man and all the REST of the shit, I'm w/ That's the shit I don't like!
I miss oomf
Discovery of Witches  still with vamp romance but not as gushy as Twilight; add libraries and old books for an okay read to pass an aft
It's been 3 months since I've last been on twitter!
Hope everyone has had a great summer/Labor Day weekend.
Great to be back tweeting!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you there!
:
or often not at all
one more thing...
Whats the black forest again?
Haven't been to the gym in nearly a week, feeling super slow and sluggish.
Hopefully the workout will fix that.
My body tells me I didn't have enough tequila.
I never feel bad after a night with Patron.
Yeah, something like that.
I just wanna know why he was let go
..if they question why you still here; I'll simply just tell 'em, love is real!
Great day
why not?
our nurses, pharmd, etc do but not as much as physicians.
what is 5Linx...Telecommunications company.
I am blessed with getting paid every time my customers pay their phone bills
Aggressive insult
Hate the lakers!
Lakers v Celtics.
Not sure I like 1 more than the other?
U?
There were alot of great ideas at IDEAdetroit but it felt like a lot of spoke to a wheel with no hub, We need something to connect it all
Loving you is the closest thing there is to heaven.
Author Unknown
I thought i stopped following you.
Lost all my followers.
Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
hello tweet me if u wanna tlk :D
will do!
I want you now,here with me.
One of my only credits was on a movie that had Tom Noonan he's super tall  imposing
Pittsburgh leading 1816 but the PAT is NO GOOD!
Live from the 'Dome in the 2nd quarter.
cool professorle picture!
You can't spell beautiful WITHOUT.
I want a good day tomorrow.
yea I guess they need more then one show but it has been pretty rough
Well done mister Slavkin!
Now we just need to get the initiative passed!
2/3's vote  who's in?
It's a little short on arias, but the music is lovely.
The performers are quite good as well.
AMAZING video !
It's good to see Vinny dancing, and you both are so talented.
Haha.
It makes sitting in traffic MUCH more enjoyable.
RT : A fine vehicle for the terrible DC roads!
Sounds good to me :
where everybody knows your name.
We'll be sure to add you to our lunch menu list ;
I talk about One Direction as if I actually know them.
You read, review and help promote books and authors.
My kind of gal.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
Alan Watts
Clickbank Succes  Make a few extra dollars with clickbank
you have a great voice.
I am now following you
There are 2 rules for success: 1 Never tell everything you know
I always feel more motivated on grey days; if only it were warm enough to open windows.
lmao let me find out why didn't you call me lol
Okay i was too haha and eh same here X
: Ok, so the only sexy teams are TeamTaurus TeamLeo and TeamCapricorn.
So Ironic
good looks thanks for the support
Nice bullpen !!!
brewers down to 2!
Someone stole my cheese out of the fridge at work That was a big part of my lunch.
You don't have to be a republican to be conservative
Struggling to hit with runners in scoring position, is there any doubt that this will come back and haunt them today?
thanks!
Great resource!
Ah, tea.
Cortese in Italian means courteous.
Gavi wines are just that.
This wind 
killing it on ESPN First Take.
Somebody give this man his own show already!
Headed back to Texas!!!
Yay will be home on the 20th ...
Goodbye Alaska ..
So excited to see friends  family before we move again
hahahah i am :
thanks man.
yeah I'm watching it on Netflix and the girl just asked Zach to take him to Indianapolis haha these characters suck tho
Darren Collison had 15 points in this fourth quarter
when you realize you're recording when you meant to take a picture.
Gonna go public soon.
This is exciting!
Design menu: dirty mint,molten chic, nutella, blood orange, cranberry  blood orange, vanilla, vanilla pear , red velvet, pistachio, fig...
One of the more fascinating topics of life is the leaders of history and how they shaped the world
Now each candidate gets to ask every other candidate a question.
Work happiness tally: 1 for general happy buzz in anticipation of tonight's reception for speakers, 1 construction noise from next door
I'm thankful for everyone living out their life's passions.
Thinking of them puts a smile on my face.
LOL!!
I wish the lady had a better insult.
Your video is gonna get way more hits than mine.
Everyone loves moondoggie
thanks girl : RT : Ran 2:04.88 today..god is good : congrats
What was the best thing you got for Christmas this year?
If it wasn't tacos, we'll have some for you tonight for 3 at Lincoln's!
I knw bra
I'm in NYC next week!
I'll see you the week after.
: hope you are having a blast!
What's the range of a tuba?
About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Its likely that one of the most useful commands your dog should learn is leave it
Power play!
no I'm still following you
thank you!
Now live on FirstCoastConnect with
It seems like public officials want to become the masters telling we the people what to do...I don't think so...
I wish a boyy would put a note through thee little vent thingg on myy locker ..
: too adorable !
you should bust out some dance moves at our next show in Atlanta on 1/04 !
Caked tonight now he pissin me off !
Hope my Lakers will get it down tonight after we embarrassed ourselves in South Beach last night
Gah!
doctornking large amounts of colabased soft doctornk bev....I live on diet DP.
As a kidney trans.
recipient, what are some alternatives?
RT : RT : half of world's population live in cities....cities are the crossroads of social justice issues...
VIKINGS!
Let's get an insane W tonight!
Faux News has to love the Olbermann and Current TV are suing each other.
Gives them real news to report instead just making it up.
Some research for you: See Good luck!
do you think youklis will ever forgive Bobby V
im unemployed for now, lemme know
Ivy is a bitch!!
Yeah ima just go to sleep.
Im not thinking right anymore
My new phone is so much better than my family.
RT : Looks like a great time at svesmc  how could it not with  all....
Please follow me!It would mean alot to me!c; 3
I love ya too, you crazy person!;
Shout out to the NOTREDAMEWOMENS BASKETBALL TEAM...
GREAT WIN LADIES!!!
NEXT STOP WE GOING TO THE SHIPS..
WHAT!
WE GOING TO THE SHIPS!
Lol
whoa now I hear that pimpin lol
Mike.
You fucking rock.
ICE BOX duh..
any more brain busters??
I could name every character in this movie...and quote them.
knows this
get it cut short
dilly upstairs, now I can invite everyone and the dad won't go cray haha!
X
Big goals are achieved through small victories.
roll up
i think im watching Honey 2 ?
i never knew it was a second one thoe ..
Anchormaning with , , and Hannah.
She's
great meeting you today!
Looking forward to teaming up here with you guys in the near future.
Thanks again!
Dang.
If you're not a UK or KU fan.
You have nothing to say to me.
Take some MEtime today!
Special introductory rate of 49 for a one hour massage.
sounds great to us!
Incredible dinner and service, as always.
Thank you for a fun night!
The opposite of what I want is happening.
kelly osbourne!
didnt even have to think about it
Good quote, huh?
From Horace Mann at Antioch College, now read to each graduating class
only you in my heart
Premier League  Paper Round: City39;s 40m move for Bale
Joe Thornton delivers a clutch wrister for the and with a win over Dallas their playoff outlook would get MUCH brighter.
Very true.
RT : Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.
Georgia O'Keeffe
Sorry, just checked my phone.
Just left.
: was super fun, though!
Delighted to say that a new short film that I am in just finished its 2 night premiere at the Sonoma International Film Festival!
dont ever call one of my pics cute lol
.
We're hosting a Hill briefing w/  so hopefully Democrats will attend
I bet would go see it again with you if you asked her :
: Who wants to take a nice jog with me I do!
hey andoctorw!!
what up?
:
is all over my facebook timeline!
lol NYC mahomies must be happy.
RT : I'm tweeting you What Is This You NEVER Tweet Lol
The steps between now and then are going to b hard for u if u havent figured out ur path yet
I really wish we could have stayed longer.
I 3 DC
haha omg i love nikki she is my GURL!!!
lol i can rap too!!
Earlier tweet cut: on bus to match, loud person on phone, sounded like man is WOman.
My mom just asked if hockey players wear flippers like on Toddlers  Tiaras.
ewww dark chocolate is gross!
i can't get on the pintrest bandwagon either.
just can't add yet another thing to have to update
Be miserable.
Or motivate yourself.
Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
This collection is 75 amazing, 25 garbage.
They were just lucky that ratio is high enough that I'll winnow through it for them.
Life's greatest accomplishments are those that at first seem impossible.
Whoever thought you and i would end up headoverheels in love with eachother.
And with that, we close out the 20112012 season.
Hope you enjoyed it as much as we did!
Thank you for coming along with us!!
RT : Related: we will be talking about social media ice breakers such as in tonight's shehechat at 8pm CST.
Join us!
Picking up from work w/Nikki
Which Cab was your favorite?
Responsibly going to bed now.
Counting pitches to put me to sleep.
I want to but idk when u.u
You cannot not communicate.
Every behavior is a kind of communication and behavior does not have a counterpart  Paul Watzlawick
funny old guy at Starbucks w/heavy Russian accent: that's too much coffee for a young girl like you!
its the clothes...
Great to see waving the green flag from a bucket truck over Washington street to start the Indianapolis Mini Marathon this AM!
They are not answering the question get em Jim
RT : Garnett has now gone to free throw line on two straight possessions by posting up.
Celts have taken 16 FTs, ATL has 4 FTA
My nigga Shump just blew out his knee smh
okay, want to know why on the show Abby has all the tech toys and her monitor is an old crt..?
Software Update thingy is jumping in the Dock like a puppy begging to be let inside.
But I'm never sure if it's been papertrained.
where the fuck are you Call of Duty chat!
Gone surfing  sanjuandelsur ...oink!!
just enjoy today
The only reason your girlfriend even likes your dick, is because her mom told her to enjoy the little things in life.
Anybody know how much an AP Exam cost?
Hey Thanks for kudos.
The role of the wagged media who while being duped lapped up the sensationalism.
The parallelism is amazing.
And now that the day is over..
time to relax with the love
Thanks my man!!!
LOSER!
how the heck do you have like 5000 tweets?!
no ways never sorry if u thought so
I support that decision 100 haha just lemme know when.
I'll make sure you get to experience the great parts of Ohio!
Thanks for the follow.
We love the music, especially Love Left Behind.
Do you write your own music?
not anymore ..
I would loved to have played with you!

I can only tell you that my MA degree is in media studies and sociology, which cover both production and development.
RT We often can't see what God is doing in our lives, but God sees the whole picture and His plan for us clearly.
Proverbs 15:33 The reverent and worshipful fear of the Lord brings instruction in Wisdom, and humility comes before honor.
What's yo email bubba , I'm bout to send the song !
ight wait I beat on u all day tomorrow lol
I think I have had my fairshare of black women its time to open my mind to other types of women
Watch yourself big girl...
Thank you!
Have a great weekend!
:
Monday forecast Mostly sunny  near record heat.
High 88
How did barbie even feel anything ?
jesus tapdancing christ it was raining hard
its worth it!
so okay, if u hate who love u, the problem is yours, u don't like mentions speaking I love u?
Sure you're a loser!
Only five days until the InfoCamp unconference.
Register now  you don't want to miss it!
Hola Solo Flamencos!
Today you should see and email about Rewards for free classes via Perkville!
Look in your inbox for details!
Day off tomorrow so pumped!
Eclipse IDE, why U no love me this morning?
Bunk Sandwiches for lunch and Castagna for dinner.
He like da orange an yellow startburst...i like da red an pink...we a perfect match....
have Yu produced for tech 9
looks dapper today with his blue ensemble to match the blue Terrace Chairs.
Uncomfortable pissing....
Good got damn.....
Is there ever to much rigging?
Nope.
Bumping dis gift of gab rolling up
ok man let me know!
3WordsForYou Believe in God
First game of the season tommaro.
It is not a good day to run!
Great job.
Thank you.
We offer all types of residential shredding services.
Anybody out there ever gotten a traffic ticket for something something surprising or weird?...
hahaha I didn't know I was that funny Woo
We are closed today, but our sister restaurants are open  and
Hungry?
Come in for a slice of homemade quiche or a breakfast sandwich TODAY!
Excited about Yancy being bk in.Milwaukee its been a long 7weeks
u are such a humble and amazing soul!
much success and grace be with you ..
Working on library location skills with 2nd/3rd this week and wrapping up Mem Fox unit with K.
And book talking every day!
Smoking.on a personal Finna nap fuck it
Haha!
RT : .
knows how to throw a SWANK movie marathon, that's for sure!
Knock KnockWho's there !Barry !Barry who ?Barry the dead !
WIN A SLOT TO OPEN UP FOR THE LIL KEKE SHOW MAY 3RD AT TONIGHT !!!!
what kind of dog?
that would be great man...we have two shows on the 14th and then we're free the rest of the week
I hate fighting with my sister, we keep fighting cause we both want to be right!
Is it me?
Or is the day going by really slow?
Utilize has no utility, as far as I'm concerned.
I'm not sure I can be in a serious relationship with someone who goes to Long John Silver's for the chicken.
Think you have what it takes to win flip cup?
Then find 5 friends and sign up for the olympics at Choppers!
Email for questions
Ever wonder what all contains foam?
Or how it's custom cut?
Come on in and check out our facilities and ask us!
the lovers, the doctoramers, and me...
Im going in the studio pretty soon !!
I need a featured artist !
Anybody dwn ??
Lil Henry's baptism, laundoctor, dog park, prom preparation!
Busy day!
:
I'm recording the Syckest Records possible  Single If U Wonderin  March 2012  Snippet  www.weedoctorpweerock.com weedoctorpweerock!!!
Perhaps at the SpaceX launch?
: Did you know that you share a birthday with George Carlin?
With 1M new smartphone users a week, you have to know there's going to be some huge changes in mHealth coming soon.
I could talk to you all day and night and never tire.
That moment when you've just sent a text message and you receive one during the sending process
I will have at least a short chorus for you tomorrow!!
Why can't I be happy?
:/
thank you
I will bring hand sanitizer to avoid infection.
: oomf needs to call me
not a fan of Billy Crystal
Congrats to on a win for game 3 allin Get another win on Tue!!!
I Swear Is
Apologies for all the emails overnight.
We're working hard to fix some issues, and will report back.
Broadcast all experiences so that we may know them.
In Connecticut now.
There is a ton of snow and its still coming down hard!!!
...I'm loving it!!!
Mac miller
no they not who told you that lie?!
Me: May I see your ticket?
Guest: I'm with the press...
Me: I still need to rip your ticket...
Guest: Well you can wait!
this is 's girlfriends twitter I FINALLY found the right one:
is taking it 1 nap time at a time...oh not MY nap time, Jett's.
If I can get him to sleep for more then 30 minutes, I might get a nap too!
can't wait for the BELIEVE tour gonna be big!
2 obfuscate  obstruct may b a sound legal strategy but it doesn't live 2the democratic principle of transparency
the bloated baby like broken pottery in the earth
Music help me sleep...
thanks!
You too
Tonight's yummy dinner is in the oven...I can't wait!
It's cream cheese and chive stuffed pork chops, green beans, and quinoa.
Yum!
yeah wow.
Shot to the chest.
Strange way to commit suicide.
Hey everyone it's 6:01pm.
Have a fun and safe Friday night.
Studying is damn near my life.
Standing in line with matt whoop whoop!!!
Clippers dominating the Thunder in the second half.
Outscoring them 4425 since halftime
Work with me, body.
Work WITH me.
well I won't deny that Allagash is great ALL of the time..
But no, this morning isn't demanding an Allagash:
I'm so tired, just scared to sleep.
Great song!
Thank you for sharing!
phonee with my friend then bed.
Lazy Jane's on Willie Street
3:01 am..
work is done for today :
yes it's possible with a light saber, anything is possible with a light saber
Warming up on some herkies and frount handsprings bfor cheer:
i make more than that in a week while on vacation
RT RT peace  prosperity 4 both countries will only come when citizens are informed we are interdependent
Marshall Tucker Band playing right now!
ireallywant you back
Morning to y'all .
Good luck with Thrift Store Bounty Hunters.
Hope it does great!
Just woke up 0.o
4 hours left....
No, just accurate!
: MT Every time I see I think it's pumped UP libr  picture her w/ huge muscles Is that weird?
My boss wrote me a poem for my 1yearjobanniversary.
It contains the phrase Oxford commadienne.
I swear on glee they didn't say his name was Rory.
I heard Roy.
Where the fuck did the r go?
Photoshop just gave me the spinning rainbow wheel of death.
Just sent it in.
Thanks again, have a great day.
RT : News:Fukushima announced that they'll start check  rescue animals left inside 20km zone
Nice to see The U win tonight
chillin dude jammin out too some tdwp.
You bro?
My fav part of the This American Life live show was the story about the found photographs ..so good!
OMG!!!
Right now, the U.S.
Congress is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open Internet
I went M.I.A.
to get caught up on work!!
Catch up tomorrow?
Btw...love that you are on twitter!!!
I think they must be.
Or even dog3 years.
Getting sick.
Going into doctorss rehearsals.
Practically snorting EmergenC.
I know all about smoking is dangerous to people but this cigar is so soothing  relaxing.
Put ur pride and ego aside I might change life
Wrist hurting feet hurting back aching I'm falling apart!
missin home right about now :
ur very welcome
haha he will!
just keep asking:
Holy crap Ned Stark dies
I like that show
70 to go and  No.
38 Great Clips in P4.
that sounds fun!
lucky I wanna meet Elise soo bad
What's hard about not cheating?
If one person isn't enough, then leave.
its a lot easier than always having to cover your ass
Single greatest comment on 39;Twilight39; movies ...
ever
QoTD: If you only do what you know you can do  you never do very much.
It was a wonderful surprise to see on stage with  MEN last night!
Thanks to everyone who participated in the UC Twitter contest!
Congrats to our winner  Next chance to win starts this Monday!
So, I made crepes a couple of weeks ago.
They were good.
Now I want to make more and construct a crepe cake w/lemon curd filling.
YUM.
I get like this whenever I run out of business cards.
Seems like as good a time as any to chuck it all.
dam juelz, thats how you feel kid?
i give u one with no screaming needed ;
What's new?
We now have 25 different scents of 18Oz Soy Candles, Clean Cotton, Odor Ban, Lavish Lavender and many more.
Call 5052687627
Wow.
Haha its fucked up that this all started with her telling me what to do about a person she dosnt even know.
Finally Friday Special Free Ground Shipping all Day.
Thx , we stand corrected.
Already followed so is our FF today
nice choices!
Both are songs we love to play live!
We have a brand new cd coming out in a few months!
Be excited!!
3
Dale!!
On my way to Greenwaves!!
ah!
i love it!
LOL What was the reason given?
Way too hot!
doctorps my sword Well spank me sideways.
RT : SnortsJust ask a few and you'll see I make more then just an effort.
Coach P  hey hey hey, go to the boards.
My beard has now reached that stage where people refer to me as hey, lumberjack.
That's what I call a success!
Goin to the movies goin to c roommate with and more friends my boy friends gonna be there :
because my school doesnt understand that i work and wont be flexible with their time.
so i cant prove i am enrolled to get my deferment to
yes, haha.
welfarebaby.
Hows everything down south?
You gonna go see Brit?
Love is why I came here in the first place.
Fuck Kony..
Strive and make money for the kingdom of GOD he should be made famous because America is trying to get ppl to stop believing
LOL I've been tweeting from this dudes phone for an hour now.
I asked him if it was cool  he said FUUUUCK YEA BRO!
lmao he still high tho
At the Tamara Williams Memorial Lecture at UofM.
Keynote speaker is David Lisak, looking forward to it!
Love Redken?
Don't miss our special!
Buy 2 Redken products and get 1 FREE!
Hurry!
This deal won't last long!
okay thanks.
I still have tons of work to do on it so if you could give me any advice that would be great.
hmm....i wonder how many followers i will have 2morrow//?
Don't you have work?
RT : just kicking it in Brooklyn
Huge Fan!
anyway I can get a free sticker?
:
Feel That Happy Feeling....
I mean, I don't know how you climb a ladder by fucking it, but I guess he's mastered that already.
The world reads American Libraries Magazine?
Thanks for the RT : Hope you are having a fabulicious Tuesday!
Save the date: 08/1/2011 3rd Annual Alta Mira Golf Classic.
Use your golf addiction to help some very special kids and families.
The WMSE website, inlcuding streaming audio, will be down all day on Friday, April 6th for campuswide tech upgrades.
Back up on Saturday
whoa.
B careful...
talking about Salsa/doctorpal integrations as well as a lunch BoF on Codeathons, Bounties and Contests for code
Guterman: 1/3 of cases of child abuse and neglect occur in kids 3 yrs or younger.
It's nice when people become obsessed with you.
I know I'm the best at what I do, because God told me so.
I wish I had my other account.
Instant fan of John Baldessari ...
it's time to burn my past.
I guess we women work in mysterious ways!
Enjoy your day!
My last name is pronounced differently every time in this class.
Tune in to the John DiTullio Show on 1280 WHTK  NLL Commissioner George Daniel will be on to talk about the Championship game!
How come everyone bitches about Facebook on Twitter, but no one bitches about Twitter on Facebook?
Our sun just had a big solar flair, don't worry it was not pointed at us this time.
Had a great dinner at John Q's Steakhouse tonight with my Dine Out group.
Outside of a series of late hits and pushes, I haven't seen much out of Burfict tonight.
People always look at the bad things.
Why doesn't anyone look at the good things?
I slid 4 feet today while playing my match.
I now have a small hole in my right ankle
: Lots of rebuilding going on in Minot.
The flood damage here is still incredible.
Pop in and see coach Rudolph!
Yooo big ups on the last Jacked show on Sirius Took me back to some nights this summer at
I have SUCH a good idea.......
come to Seattle ;
Loved the pin too!
we should print some up and sell!
RT : Thanks for the RT Dave!
Having a good Friday so far?
Did you know that the sweet and snack industry had a 2.5 growth last year?
nowlistening Winds of Change by The Scorpions
Thanks!
RT : love your blog serious n thought provoking esp is this yoga
Hey guys follow my instagram account i just made it and need help ok its stayupallnightwith nialler plzzz follow i need yalls help!
QA: where can i buy an RIS airsoft laser with an on/off switch?
ebay !
best of luck !
I've ran it twice ..
Yes very flat.
Have fun !
Up early!
I'm at to talk about disaster preparedness in the wake of recent deadly tornadoes.
your boy Decker is working w/ Manning, u planning on joining them?
U know how confusing Manning can be yelling shit out presnap
RT : 1.Band of Heathens, 2.
Lera Lynn Their back to back performance on are just two reasons why my job is awesome!
I've seen more attractive farm animals than her I've seen ones with more class too
Big congrats to for being the first thatcamp SE applicant!
And to the other 10 who have already thrown in their hats!
OMG Thanks to my followers because I went to sleep with 35 and woke up with 67 y'all are the best a girl could have!:
Apolo Ohno on BMW stage.
Recalling line from Esquire professorle of a few years ago: speed skaters propelled by their gigantic elephant asses.
Big congrats!
RT I'm a little belated, but HUGE congrats to and on their engagement!!
I know Thursday we can make a fun doctornking game out of the doctorft.
Who down ??
Q2 Also, will I be working with library IT, college IT or both at the same time?
rumorhasit OMG they have to be headliners
It was great meeting Joe from Challenge tonight.
It would be awesome to see startup team from in the Challenge.
Sorry I missed this earlier.
Were you able to match up with a group today?
I know right!
Never thought he would get one :D
LastMinute Plans: I CAN DO THAT  Art That Invites You To Prove It
professor just shared with us his weight fluctuates between 165175 but it's the stupid scale's fault.
What happened during the bye week?
Can't wait for this friday!
just ate so much greasy food : Jesus spare me.
LeBron's mouthpiece with the Roman lettering XVI is for the 16 playoff wins needed for a title.
He got XIV last year
sounds good to me 3
Nelson Mandela: education is the weapon of the people.
thank you Minister Pandor for the reminder!
i get so fucking tired of you sometimes i swear.
The world is coming to an end.
Call me maybe is on the radio...
COFLA opens with compelling video about impact of philanthropy in wake of crisis, w/ Morgan Freeman voiceover.
Just saw My Week with Marilyn..
Fantastic!!!
I bet the first guy in history to do The Worm was immediately tied to a bed while someone ran for a preist to perform an exorcism.
Are you from NC?
What happened?
What other shows would you like to be on?
Today note AWESOME
idk and starting not to care either
next time we go see a movie together, I'd appreciate it if you'd refrain from trying to give me a handie.
No means no, bro.
Let me know what you think.
Bryan eisenberg, , now talking about apple and Steve jobs.
Thanks Chris!
RT picked up issue1 at Wombleton Recs.
Great job on the issue.
Keep it up!
Wife of the Day Award: Jackie for reciting like a poem the words to the theme song for Flaming Moe's.
I expect a full report in the morning.
This sounds like a story and I am feeling meddlesome!
RT : When I'm trying to be on the next thing, I'm not in the now re: being on social media.
Great mindset!
Absolutely, by the way, we'd love to see you gentlemen get soupy on our blog!
loved your piece in rollingstone on stevejobs.
Wonderful tribute and great insight on his transformation over the years.
Myla is up to 24 pounds  magically!
Hard to believe she started at 1 pound when you see those legs!
She's a runner!
VLJs next Divorce Seminar, open to the public, is scheduled for April 19th at 10:30am at 212 Washington St.
Enjoying HFJ's typography RT Quote of the day: If print was invented tomorrow, it would be 'the death of digital.'
Thanks for the follow, , !
We're tickled to have you.
lmao naw I just like what I see
lets do it!!
you tell me when and im game.
ive been watching so many hitchcock films lately too...its a sign!
It's true if you don't want to know than don't ask cause you may not like what you hear
Feeling like it has all been a lie...
I've got my office at CMU  come find me in GHC 5703.
Any calculus tutors out there?
I need a study guide
Ok.
Ok.
I'm on.
Stop the invites.
I love pandora radio!
IS IT FRIDAY, DID I WIN???
Undisputed Heavyweight SUPER FAN OF
Come see my vocal jazz group, Who Joined, tonight at Quenchers!
We'll be singing all your favorite onhold classics!
NO COVER!
that tarantula is going to get'chu.
C:
Running errands with my three year old sister is incredibly hard.
You're kidding me7 days or more for initial contact from your servicer?
Who thinks that's acceptable customer service?
About to fall into the swirling vortex of information
The division name is CoMo Cauldoctorn and the p/w is mcnallys

I pinky promise3
A woman was attacked walking her dog around Jamaica Pond Monday morning.
If you have info call at 6173435628.
I was just there!
You only have the size 610
A Blondie and a brunette were taking a walk and the brunette says oh look a dead bird.
And the Blondie looks at the sky and says Where?
20 off red tag sale including jordan nike levi and addidas.
DONT MISS OUT
I have all the colors in doctorw Something.
Now what?
Ok, now the London Olympic Committee is just getting paranoid.
Banning water bottles because they could be bombs?
Uh, no.
My life is way too complicated right now to start liking someone.
Shut up, brain.
Is Cee Lo Green a little person?
Just had some great hill briefings with our NJ delegation.
Capitol Hill here we come!
Happy Monday, my friends.
May God shine on and through you today.
Have a great day, by choice.
Peace
well tonight isn't break so I'm not finishing
Loved the signs!
Thanks and cheers!
Woo!
haha yeah thta's a pretty simple sentence to work out.
you should see what I have to work with in spanish.
FF  This girl is amazing.
She's always there no matter what.
Love her.
Auburn University!
Here we come ;
im lovable.
Is PocketGamer hosting a GDC party this year?
.
Share professorsely.
Seek help from potential members, so you can develop a sense of camaraderie.
Project your values.
Following the temperature on my phone like it's the sports score ticker.
Tulsa 107, OKC 105
Thanks for the golf RT!!!
s turn it over AGAIN without getting a off.
Cunningham to line for 2.
doctorps 1 of 2 but OSU gets rebound.
That might do it!
I pay 100 a month for Internet that's actually 1.76mbps down and 0.31mbps up.
food without cheese?
That sounds really gross.
abomination ;
working from home today.
Time to dive into the world of Java and create magically powers amongst all my companies computers.
We Prevail!
mf need to stop calling meh on sum stalker type shyt !!!
Maya Rudolph is married to Paul Thomas Anderson and that is just the best kind of fact.
probs cuz ur in love with a sexy man named Ash Purdy :D
These folks killing me thinking they gotta be best friends with they sibling
Have a great Thursday!!
A way to living up your day, is stopping by us.
Everyone in the world is familiar with the DaVinci Code correct?
But now it's time for the DaVinci Street Code.
We have Reggie and Daniel Thomas!!
No need for RB, best OL or DE/LB would be smart
SF author Jerry Pournelle once said writing the 1 job that makes you want 2 take out trash, clean litter box, doctor dishes.
This wait staff on restaurantimpossible all look like they've had their hearts broken multiple times...most likely by convicts
I love you mom3
race as much as POC.
Just because they stay silent dont mean they hate POC.
m...i had tacos too.
Beef n chicken :
Treat Yo'self!
You'll love it.
I use mine both at work and at home.
Best recent purchase.
First down Cutler.
I think Da Bears came to play
Icing like crazy?
I ice so crazy I give myself frostbiteI don't recommend it!
I did an it is amazing!
You should go ahead and post it for your fans.
aw, alrighty see u laterz.....if I'm still signed in otherwise have a GREAT weekend!
Interesting observation  GrowthClub.
A lot of box owners don't get the ROI on socialmedia yet.
We should trend something for 
Thanks, Kyle!
I'm relocating to Atlanta  look., for a jobSales, administrative, actress, print model, multitasking, personal asst., very qualified.
LA Defense is terrible.
NE 3 LA 0.
Crazy.
This DMV wait is gonna kill me
eh not much, in geometry as always  how bout you?
Sometimes I feel like someone does things on purpose to make me hate them...
The Lion's Club International float is pretty impressive, so many beautiful flowers throughout the entire parade simply amazing.
The Revolution ALWAYS begins with self!
And on that note...
Goodnight.
How do you explain One Directions gayity to a friend?
lmao i would never , you know i love you lol
thanks !
will miss you today : but looking forward to RNR Nashville!!
Missing the Bay Area...
Cute pic ladies!
Special guest DJ will kick things off tonight!
2 PBRs, 4 stolis, 4 sailor jerry, 6 mini martinis, spooky punk r'n'r!!!
In 19 yrs of radio, always had eye for programming strategy  talent...you got both...no problem!
the lucky one 1 giant facepalm
I had a doctoram about grey and nick from the new girl....
Who does any type of Art in Pittsburgh?
Follow me
i just saw this!
thank you!
have a good day
Welcome to Amazed Radio, we've just arrived.
Please follow and like on our FB pg
Enjoying my days off...
Lo siento, no tengo un facebook: 
Now, watch this doctorve.
W.
That sounds like a good rule to live by.
I once spent 24 and I definitely didn't taste the extra 4 dollars worth.
suns are going down piña!
: No apologies, no regrets.
have you followed the straying South Africa about the rape video going viral?
conversation is terrifying
I'm down for lunch someday
Imagine heated toilet seats.
Yes.
you stayed up really late...almost like working my shift
itsCrazyHow you left me just like that..
I hear my neighbor yelling in his house.
Just said You guessed that one right!
Give yourself a brownie!
The tide of whats right will always come to you, its up to you if you want to ride it or not
never you say that
: Really?
You think I'm fine.
Fuck Yeah
have fun as the experimental child of chronz
Implicit.Harvard.edu useful tool to evaluate bias so we can work to change.
Childoctorn too can change.
Predicts hiring, budget bias etc.
it is too!
: hey Al..what's it mean when my battery icon turns grey and has an !
over it?.
Means your on twitter too much
HOLY SHIT...
I will buy us both plane tickets to go to this wonderful place.
SO AWESOME!!!
Haters are motivators duh
Id love to read what you tweet, but there never seem to be links...
Rt For A S/O
Mammoth Book of the End of the World also Danske folkesagn, 183983 by Svend Grundtvig.
San Francisco's Blue Rabbit covers PIXIES Hey w/violin, harp, 3 foxy vox,  : bit.ly/n4QamH
Who missed me????
Fringe described in one word: Soulful That's a show worth saving.
6wordstories By the time you read this...
30 yr mortgage rates avg at 4.09 Can you refinance and take advantage?
Have you had difficulties getting a refi?
why does your torso go on forever?
Florida Gators a 2 seed?
When did the NCAA give more eligiblity to Horford, Brewer and Noah?
This isn't 2007.
I know, I know, I know !
And like, yeah I love him.
I am.
I'm going to the beach today and I'll probably be up here again wednesday.
I'm excited feels like forever :o  u need to tour, haven't seen u since Denver with
It seems like he's talking to Romney right now.
Millionaires, taxes, and We don't begrudge financial success in this country.
HAHAHAHAH you're so funny Raven
Congrats!!
How did you do?
I'm sure awesome.
It was definitely a nice morning for that run.
Too bad the cherry blossoms were gone.
I Hate Yhu Bitch
Once water enters a boat  it starts to tip, harder  harder to set it right.
Like that with ag policy  corn.
Mark Muller.
The man crush for Hosmer will live on even if he hits .021
Wrote my first letter of reference today.
I'm as excited as Kristen Bell over a baby sloth to tell you Act Naturally has been accepted to The 2012 Los Angeles United Film Festival.
rite here !!
: wats up
Know anyone in NYC who might want a few hrs work as a Ruby tutor?
Good day with the 10th graders.
They are really taking off with this PBL.
I'm so glad!
I've had a smile on my face all weekend.
:D
you guys are kidding right???
Lol
o ok so how been
Taken for granted.
Yes I've changed.
Pain does that to people
Eat something girl!
We don't want to leave you starving.
:
Curt Barker, NIST: Data preservation is a runaway train that we're ignoring.
Don't spank me with your Bible belt.

great musical comedy from NYC!
Not coming to school tomorrow till 10.: Yay i get to sleep in.3 Night yall!
:
I think Barajas is Spanish for 'Guy that strikes out before the pitcher strikes out'.
wish you would just shutup and leave wwe.
I legitimately hate you and everything you have ever done.
Whiny little bitch.
everyone in basketball wives is an exwife Oo
I use G mostly for professorssional purposes  longerform conversations than 140 characters.
Demiblog

investigate Harry Thomas slush fund accountability.
THANK U FOR A GREAT SHOW!!!
UniversityofCinncinati by way of
RT Sable's shares her endoftomatoseason wisdom in 's piece today: bit.ly/oKKcJK
Brunswick39;s Saint Ambrose School is the site of new WeatherBug ...
....turned around and stole my heart.
With 1 in 3 kids bullied daily, you could say bullying is an epidemic.
School programs can work if begun early.
i know man it sucks 
Movies with
Denver is fuckin' huck and so is Javale McGee.
Shrug
um they do already?
:P The null hypothesis is a thing after all.
Just finished eating the best lunch prepared especially for me this morning by
think is worth  1 billion?
Same to you!
But I hope to see you at the Networking Reception later!
FINAL SCORE: Ohio State 77, Syracuse 70 FINAL FOUR BOUND!
Had to bail early but we need to rain check some cigars in the near future for sure.
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
In NOLA for training to become National Faculty Member for , PBL design/training experts, with , , others.
gimme a break.
No.
Want to contribute to tonight's show?
Let us know!
donations team: although a few people signed up to help with launchPad, we know God will bless it, and bless those who are faithful to serve
im good thanku x how come ur awake
Everyone go follow my other twitter; :
Not happy...
Thanks for your opinions :
Spending my last night as a college kid on north ave!
I only like being with my baby
It's the last restaurant I want to be in.
I absolutely HATE that place.
lucky guess :
when did i stop saying smig?
Pretty sure Tyler Perry's muse or Medea almost just hit my car
Left me feeling conflicteddon't think I could ever support doctorne attacks in that area even if they're killing the socalled bad guys.
Shower then to continue this conversation then possibly yell at  myself for missing his call 2x
Saving Marriages on the Open Water Seven days of intensive therapy can be the life vest many marriages need to succeed, according to psyc
On that study grind
Failing at life.
A.M.
Vitals: Some States Move Forward Voluntarily on HealthInsurance Exchanges via
A1: Currently, I find getting departments to clearly define their goals  to work with us to be the most challenging
nice!!!
Great app!!!
I want to see a scholar's death match.
: Just struck me: 's religion  's heresy.
That's a fair point.
OMG doctorke.
Thank you for pumping me through this bizbizbusy morning.
it's like text with some vowels.
He's quickly becoming the most sane Repub candidate, if only because his competition is batshit crazy.
can I get a RT?
I am leaving for Air Force boot camp tomorrow in Texas it would be awesome for me i am a huge dodger fan
Hello Voice of Diabetes Listeners.
Let us know you are there !
What are your plans Saturday at 11am ?
I guess it's a good thing that nothing can get thru the senate.
O!
I've been using ESTC lots lately.
Creating MODS records for some digitized 17/18th century plays.
Love the Prince Skit on the
who are you?
Did our show come on last night?
I passed out at like 7 yesterday.
always but iv been there so thinking Aruba or St.
Thomas
Sometimes You've just got to go through trusting that there is Victory.
I'm focusing on HimJesusHe's directing  pushing  pulling me too!
Day 3.
88 days to go.
childhoodsandwiches bread, cinnamon, sugar and butter sandwich
If you open a statement with make no mistake my mind goes slightly numb and I find it oddly more challenging to focus.
what up
Michael Douglas looks amazing after what he's been through.
Just finised a Great Noteshelf presentation /WIC gadgetday.
Can't wait to use what I learned!
Do you mind explaining that further?
Also, do you think Kohl has a plan to sell them?
Every yr I let this team bum me out.
I cant stand when people talk about otha people doctorssin skills when they cant even doctorss their damn self!
I b like didnt u see wat u had on?
She's handicapping the handicapped.
Why not addoctorss some of the substance, e.g., the classwar and extremism?
2/2 secretly and won't give it to me.
So frusterated
And the problem is Not being solved by Twitter Adim.
Help!
and : my phone server is still down.
No message capabilities at all.
Desperate situation here.
clearly you do
Missing Mom, Daughter Found Dead in Mississippi
We made a few changes here.
Can you see if it works now?
you're right!
How did I miss that?
Aha!
I knew I forgot someone!
!
Lovely person!
Simply lovely!
Haha RT : Just thinking about  how he makes me laugh.
Glad to be blessed with such great friends.
the Maine is playing live in my venue right now.
I love you :3
come here no ones home
Only 8 FT's attempted.
I know Bass was hacked a few times but....go to the hoop?
vintageporn room at
SO much going on in Little Tokyo this 311!
City of LA, Nishi vigil, Shinsai, then interfaith vigil at 630pm!
good pick but would have liked upshaw or fleener!
take a pic!
Rollin in style...
And when the credits show, ill be by your side
Part of your heritage in this society is the opportunity to become financially independent.Jim Rohn
I am who they couldn't even dare to be.

Kentucky people speak their own language!
me like!
Rose Bowl Stadium?
Katten White Collar partner Glen Donath on the Raj verdict: In the end, wiretap evidence simply impossible to defend against.
Link missing?
absolutely not ever Orlando!
Lol!
I've lived there a year.
I wont do it again.
Unless I knit blankets for a living!
I don't make a lot of strawberry, but if it's freezer, she doesn't have to worry about shelfstable.
So...
NY...
Y U NO have small taxes like every other state...
:.
i was just happy to see a replay of it online so quickly since i wasn't watching
favouritelyric let your love grow tall.
Thank you playbill.com  even a diva once struggled.
Ms.
Houston had no Broadway credits
Ok so today it's a Zebra shirt an leopard shoes!!!!
Pics comin soon!!
Lol
About to take a shower in a minute
Yet another example of why this clutch gene shit is so shaky..
you free at all in the am?
I'm bout to shut it down early I went hardbody today haha
Relationships Are Hard !
newplay So true!
Feel the same way about claims theater form is more emotionally immediate.
I'm just gonna doctorp a duece wherever and whenever I feel like it.
I don't have premium, so can't read the article.
Is there a timeline for the announcement stated?
We're not ballin', or shot calling'.
We take it back to the days of yes y'all in.
We're holdin' on to what's golden.
Can't wait for Kevin Beiser's fundoctoriser in an hour!
god, no one ever gets fired here, even when there's tons of evidence, but she will be retiring in about a year!
on tv?
so sweet!
Ur boys are lucky to have u Daddy
Let's be seat buddies!
Byrd Polar Research Center Exhibit opens today at Thompson Library Gallery  come check it out!
Celebrating 50 years of research.
WARNING Actors before taking classes or seminar google the person giving the classes and after the name type fraud or scam protect yourself!
RT  Dolphins pay exFaySt RB Richard Medlin 5700/wk 2 B on practice squad.
Can u live on that in Miami?
;
wonderful, thanks for asking and yourself?
Wow what the hell.
should have won D;
good morning it's ugly outside it's raining it making me to go to skip
Appreciate EVERYTHING GOD GIVES YOU!
I'd like to put in a request for Shoop.
Shocked by the Haviland news.
He won't be out of work very long, at least he shouldn't be.
Thankful for many things including not being behead, packaged, frozen, thawed, basted and baked for tomorrow's meal
PLEASE GOD NO!!!
WE DONT NEED PAYTON MANNING!!!
WE NEED A QB OF THE FUTURE NOT ANOTHER OLD ASS ONE!!!
Happy birthday !!!
So let's see what gma tells me about this request....
Impressive victory for Boonen, roubaix is so cool
Happy to help.
Dos Palabras: Juan Direction
Bamboozle is in 12 days!
Fr.
Andoctorw Greeley's final book is out: a nonfiction.
Grew up reading his novels.
Favs are God Game and Angel Fire.
Will miss him.
Make sure to send us a picture of you being the tooth fairy!
There was a sign said 'don't bring cellphone in the shaur'.
Who'd do that?
they don't waterproof em, do they?
ok, thanks for telling me
I know...never a comforting sound huh that and the police helicopters
NOSCHOLFORTHECASTRONOVOS I love you guys.
Omg that was so yummy onions with mushrooms n cheeze all microwaved with a lil water salt n pepper wow.
Surprized!
Though we ask not to be bound nor gripped by the hand of time, we seek to measure itnot so that we may control it or defeat it, but rathe
I messaged you my number
oh you!
Haha
daytona testing ; and clerc classic today, oh yeah that give me a good day!
Finally got to to check out their lunch!
Loved their Power Lunch, filling  tasty.
Pumpkin soup burnt marshmallow was yum too!
Thumb holes are the business!
RT I am obsessed with hoodies with thumb holes lately.
Seriously, I may have a problem.
yes I will there for the whole festival
ok gr8!
I'll go there 2!
I wasn't sure I act added u.
The new fb is strange!
Wld love 2 hear more about ur story
: I Jus need things to do nd someone to see.
I know no one down Thereok well what state r u familiar wit
I love you : nd i'm so proud of you 3
I am?
On my way to the Friday day shift listening to and looking forward to a much needed vacation next Friday.
In fact, she doesn't understand today's woman  young or old.
What kind of role model would she make for this country?
Find a rich husband.
.!.!
NEED INFO FOR SATURDAY MATRIX....
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
bring on the pitchforks and torches!
you wear it well sir!!
Is it not winter???
Omg
Just got three GetGlue stickers with one check in!
My mom will be proud...maybe ashamed...but probably proud.
Who you got in this one Amanda?
SomeWhereOutThere is a Walgreen's with no line.
WHERE ARE YOU?!?!?!?!
I can't judge someone else.
I can only try to help them when they call on me...I guess you can call it a character flaw!
Lol!!!
Kool, tht person is the luckiest in the world..
My test at the hospital went well trampas on the other hand didnt do well.
Yup : you can follow him, but he's wicked boring ;
One week and 3 days until I can spend my summer camping, boating on Lake Monroe, and being with the girlfriend 
This kid across from me has been playing the same song, without headphones on, for about 20 minutes now, SWITCH THE DAMN SONG ALREADY!!!!!!!
Whoa multiple FF's from on both accounts.
Right back 'atcha!
twittertwittertwitter!
Here We Go Casey, Here We Go!!!!!!!
cardinals v
Liking your own Facebook status
Washing clothes 
what a night...wings win, flyers win and a trip to nashville!!!!!!
Fixed the hand on Johnny Mnemonic at Slabtown today, and cleaned the rest of the machines up.
Why wat til New Years?
Make some Fall resolutions!
Start with your teeth isn't this the year to take care of yourself?
2122657150
Sopastrike No Wikipedia?
Like Kramer's Moviephone, tomorrow I will be taking calls, emails, texts, and tweets to answer all your questions!
sweet!!!
Good times!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Dm WI based company with startup but struggling here in WI when Texas is making it clear they want us.
Concerned exposed.
the first show to announce is at the twisted tail in beebeetown, iowa on october 22nd.
see our professorle link for details.
in the city, met my favorite doctorg queen.
do you watch rupauls doctorg race?
i need to come visit you, you wont run out of soco!
Coming to everfabulous for a doctornk
RT : Dude.
is bringing me a milkshake.
LIke, to my door.
Just 'cause.
wait, do what now?
Haha
Its monday!
younow with and later 
LOL o The bigger the better lmaoooooo
Dallas Morning News on my belly...Tom Leppert's Senate aspiration delayed.
Thanks Kay Bailey Hutchison!!
Take your time...
People tell me we look alike.
The Roger Dietch.
Have foundation that needs some attention from you.
Clothes are to mainstream.
Get naked.
The fire alarm system was going tested when I arrived at work this morning and instead of an annoying siren, Billy Jean was playing
Ghostwriters, resume and cover letter writers, social media managers, press release writers....contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
I am texting goat names to Sara Pennypacker right now.
Are you religious or spiritual?
What do you think the difference is?
GOODAY ALL : GOOD LUCK is STRONG WITH THE FORCE 2DAY.TRUST ME !!!!.do something good for someone, and it will TURN OUT RIGHT !I PROMISE
We'd love that.
1/3 of us are already in LA.
But the rest will join at end of March.
Looking for a second show.
Can you help?
A pickup truck doctorving a Great Dane from Alamogordo to El Paso blew a tire and crashed.
The dog, perhaps injured, ran and is still missing.
Do you want to play your wma music on your iphone?Come here bit.ly/rsb3Rc
The Mic is on...practice, practice, practice.
Last night ESPN says Opening Night today Opening Day did the A's M's Japan series even exist?Why bother even doing it
love that!
Wishing you lots of happiness!
Does working out help u with that?
If I were the detective on that show Awake, I would've gotten with the tennis coach already.
It's not cheating if it's a different reality
doing a great job in The D
You're welcome.
GO G MEN
Preparing for IRA12.
Visit author and I present: Using fiction and historical fiction picture books to teach Black History, Wed
Right.
But why have the classroom sizes at my daughter's school gone from 20 to 45 kids?
If u care, respond.
I'm up to my digital knees in digital missionary journals.
get your ass back down here to doctornk Da'Tonsies
Unsure how to process that program.
Both fascinated  disturbed, esp.
by Exploiting Sentiment in Social and Enterprise Sources
people go to a library to feel something and they don't want to do it alone
RT : Scorpio's are sure to be committed partners.
Keep them satisfied in bed and you are all set.
what is that?
Frank Wilderson is speaking at the Abriendo Brecha conference at UT in a few minutes.
Gonna try to find a way to name doctorp
meh.
Just haven't been in the mo'd lately.
Lots on the brain and in the life.
I'll be back.
1st sign of summer ending: last day at work for the education interns.
Thanks for all your great work, Bri, Monica, Alex, Katy  Karl.
Keshia and this damn Tire.....I can't deal
Accept me for who I am.
What are your resolutions for this New Year?
gota wash those undies some day!
Happy Mother's Day to the cast of 16 and Pregnant : BAHAHA sorry I had to
Start the weekend out early and shoot on down to Jade Monkey.
We got Happy Hour going on right NOW!!
play on mf.
The things I would do with a billion dollars
i think you did it while you were sleeping.
Find out who's really there for me.
I love you, I love you and I love you.
Haha thought you were already playing with BigCheeShow advisor or we woulda had you out here bro!
The groundwork of all happiness is health
feellikeshit not going to any classes, but watching kill bill instead
Why are there so many cops out today?!
Don't you dare get rid of that get involved shirt!
seriously
okay, now I must go spend the next 2 hours of my life voting for  cause I refuse to pick between them.
:
Helped a client to automate a data entry project in to Amisys today.
Foxtrot is a great software for optimizing Amisys business processes.
roadtrip numero dos!
Team CTC heads back to NJ for a little more doctor cleaning and a lot more Italian deli.
you can only push a person for so long until they give up.
so don't call for me when u notice that I'm gone.
lmfao.
Yes i do
About 5 seconds ago was the first time.
Now I'm really curious why the MSM says the term Obamacare is pejorative.
The Southern Pacific Railroad made 17 million in professorts last year, skimming the cream off every business in Cali., then skimming the milk.
Goodnight I love you 3 sorry I had to work tonight
lmfao demanding!
c:
Watched the finale of NBCTheVoice and now I can't stop singing I Believe I Can Fly..
Was singing out loud biking around SF
I'm not the one buying it but I will another time : I do love you haha
Rivals Assumption and Sacred Heart will play each other in the KY high school girls' DivisionI LAX state tourney quarterfinals on Thursday.
On oovoo with and :
Your way is not the only way.
i did.
You never texted back.
I bet would try that pizza :P
no idea when/if I'll get there.
zero news/status on power outage.
I'm stuck.....and u know what rhymes with stuck.
Jorge: think they are together but archaeology  destruction to preserve heritage
thanks to the firstpitch guys for having me on this morning.
Had a blast.
let's collaborate on something!
pomegranate juice, fresh papaya, salmon benedict, chilaquiles, coffee, newspaper, out on the veranda, sun comes out.
could get used to this.
Just our hands as we try to defuse yet another bomb.
Nobody said being action heroes in our own minds would be easy.
And you?
CA Department of Finance says they are open to slowing down the proposed increase in cost to community college
I shouldn't complain...DPD is going to step in and stay there.
Flashback to race b/w and to gain 1M followers, courtesy of  OPrint panel,
where else do you think I get creative ideas from?!?
this is one of my favorite panels so far!
These are the best lacrosse players in the world playing for the NLL Championship right here in the ROC.
Let's get pumped!
Veal breast is the new pork belly.
Crooklyn by far my favorite
In my email: The Shadow's Glow by Christopher Lincoln.
It's a short story,  I can't wait to read it.
The illustrations are fantastic!
Ireland brought me my FAVORITE band !!
So HAPPY ST.
PATRICK's DAY!!
Why do all the creepy weird guys have to talk to me?
Why god?
You handled yourself magnificently.
The high road is the most scenic :
That awkward moment when you fall in love with a piece of clothing , but then you see the price .
Why do you build me up, build me up, buttercup baby just to let me down?
Well howdy!
To get a free sample of Xtamina Energy doctornk, please send info to .net 515 samples sent already, so get your today!
I'm so used to seeing naked people on twitter now that when I see anyone naked it's like seeing my grandma without her teeth...nothing new..
Pittsburgh  We're doing free brow arches today until 3pm in the Cosmetics Dept.
at Macy's South Hills Village.
Stop by for Brows that Wow!
pinterest need to focus on just the images and doctorp everything else
on House again tonight.
Has there ever been that much talent wrapped up in such a stunningly gorgeous shell?
whenyourboyfriend tells you he doenst wanna be together.
My laptop just imploded or something, holy crap.
Going too be in the call me maybe fan video  I missed you so so bad  3
Working from a condo at Whistler.
Living the good life.
yes!
the fluidity of those languages make me feel some type of way...stir something deep inside of me.
Horrible possession.
It is, Kayla!
In fact, I am currently uploading the new official theme as I type this reply.
NE
Boy George I think u have it now.
Lol misterRuffin
Thanks for the RT!
Loved that post.
: Been experiencing constant difficulties in Madison, Wisco for the past three hours...
Service issue or is my router bad?
Had a great meeting w/ the editor of U.S.
Public News Service.
Lots to think about.
Radio turnd to hip POP...
Smh
hi I miss you in math.
i wish guys were crazy about me.
I'm curious what kinda of contract would Mariano Rivera get next season?
2012 8.1 IP for 15 Million.
Unfortunate injury ends his season.
Raise the jolly roger!
mommausetosay say who is it  before you open that door
follow me back!
Two more days of work and then off to Croatia I go.
Fa la la.
Classic!
I'd forgotten Bunting's until it came up in a class a couple weeks ago.
Condit or Diaz?
Who will it be and why?
Ok , but I disagree 100.
I guess we are the Boise State of Miss High School football.
Playing your schedule is worthless.
it was a good call.
Carl Everett arrested ....
there's a shocker.
yeah, now I have to get out there and find a place to live and get a job.
the game is not in Ann arbor today no matter what ESPN says
we should talk more.:
teamWakeAndBake RT : I'm gone!
i'm Faded!
I'm TIPSY!
I'm Wasted!
My back/shoulder has a huge muscle spasm causing me to lay on heating pad all day and I have an apple coring injury.
At least there's pie.
oomf is so orange put you're makeup on right
No artist's creations have ever made me completely break down like Maurice Sendak's.
He was a rare and beautiful thing in this world.
: We are moving into our new retail store space this weekend!//so exciting !
wait, employers now ask for fb passwords?
I don't think I've ever been asked for mine.
interesting article tho.
I swear man, lemon cookies are the best cookie EVER created....
alright Jemi.
That font on that card had a brother looking for a magnifying glass but it's cool.
writing fundoctorising letters is hard!
im in serious trouble...
Good luck.
I've seen all the outlooks...Pretty gnarly looking.
Looks like this show is getting on the road.
Charmingtons buildout has begun!
iwant 20OFF F8 newfacebook facebook discount.
Use Code Facebook20  receive discount plus free shipping over 50 Order:...
Just got finished with an impromptu set at a local cafe.
Have keyboard, will travel.
:
she go hard!!
Im bout to lose a bestfriend /:
My summer reading starts with The Long Walk.
Strange coincidence to read it right after the King oped on taxation...
can i be featured in a new AV310 song with you guys?
Finally summer!
OMG
where are you n my bestfriend going
RT if you wanna a tatoo sayin Mindless Behavior
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say.
I just watch what they do.
Andoctorw Carnegie, Industrialist
It was a great way to get reaquainted w/out feeling piloty, and loved SCDP's joke on YR.
But I am also insane.
:
Ih Stay Doinq The BRICKS Dance!
: I'm sitting on a gold mine of Brittney Griner jokes.
behavinghow can she play for boys team too?!?
More active as dude
oh yea he gets better at dancing everyday!
:
Hi Bill!
It will be out in July.
Please join our Facebook Fan Page and we will give you updates weekly.
Thanks, Bill!
I used 15mm fisheye and bungee strapped it to the corner beam, then used a pocket wizard to remote trigger
idk, you staying after school.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net Dwight Howard need help on his team the highest 6th seed for the if nothing changes
The Verizon commercial with the crying mom and daughter is beyond annoying.
i'm going friday and saturday!
don't hate us !
haha
Why do you keep putting Mantle in cards in the Topps products?
You are keeping a current player from having a base card.
WTF!
Does Cooper even know what case he's arguing?
much respect and good luck Thursday
WHAT IT'D BE LIKE 3
RT: I really dont care for easytounderstand language.
No one, ever.
confab12  I don't think this could be said any better.
what happened??
:
Cut the man some slack.
He's a man.
He doesn't recognize important days
hey man!
For sure you can find us on reverbnation search True Colors1.
Or Facebook.
True Colors
haha cool : I don't think I know anyone who does
Very few things make me laugh like Who Ya Crappin'.
Thanks,
gorgeous picture, dance your butt off!
My mom asked me who the severed head was in the hills...
like I know and am not telling LAPD...
what are these idiots from boston yelling?
but if you read that...
please follow back so i can DM so i can talk to you, that's all i have to say left.
tbc
thanks for the follow!
Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
Back to school sale going on now!
Please retweet!
Holy crap.
I'm literally about to pee my pants.
Give me my baaaaaggg.
yeah i do need one :
G'nite friends :
Thank you for the great lesson in succinct and powerful blogs and pitches!
We're gearing up our pipeline of  300 word posts!
Cant wait for NYE!
So excited!
I take time off thinking and talking about my career.
I engage in things that bring me joy.
I have fun today!
Bummer!
I'm not sure if you saw facebook but a few of us are going to movies either on Fri /orSun as well.
Does that work?
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/26/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Officially working on topics.
Also officially making a mess.
Nice adidas hoodie 
lol well good,...
a thug confused now lol
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous?
or I Love You Brianna?: Please Make my doctoram Come True!
I Love You So Much :/ No Okay :
weekend polo lounge celeb sightings  olsen twins  michael kors  i die!
The Outlook fight continues.
Yes, I know my box is full.
Chemical peel really killin me
Thought for the week: everyone in NJ should move to MD.
And no one relocating to metro DC should move to VA.
Works for me.
Still, in a serious response, I'd prefer Mark Cuban and his marketing energy/excitement.
Let him in MLB
Where the fuck is this bus I'm dying
Going to look at cars the Nissan is dead
why are u lying that's ur police car..
Wit buck shot coming out da tail pipe..
Any change you can get any of it recovered using some recovery software?
What to do on this gorgeous day?
Only to know it's going to rain this evening...
i wish you were here
looked like u gave skip the finger slic ha
.
I'm impressed!
Very nice integration of tools with chat, tagging, comment thread for each action item.
Nice job.
: Starbucks run wish I could join.
And thus ends my livetweet of airport travel in snowpocalypse.
Too bad I didn't get vid of idiot doctorvers spinning out.
Thx for listening.
On my mind right now: Brady vs.
Tebow......
Schools almost out.
Time to make plans to keep them eating healthy and active over the summer.
Fight childhood obesity!
Show me notes for a test,  I'll forget in 5mins.
Show me some porn I watched 3yrs ago  I can recall every detail.
everybody sucking boosie dick
is actually enjoying working during the holiday week..
it's soo quiet and i don't have any meetings..
why can't it always be like this
: He's fine, he's just soft typical philadelphian
Heading out to work in an hour smh..
Mwahhahaha.
Still Hustling after 5, 10, 20 years?
Maybe it's time to apply at MacDonalds...
Jon, was Scioscia fired?
heaven knows I'm a cockroach now
Heraclitus Opposition brings concord.
Out of discord comes the fairest harmony.
Ha!
Its never too late
Yeah probably...
lol  RT wow i feel like a tweet too much...
taking my classes online, getting my degree on my own time.
Thank you for following.
Talking with Bus Company to find out how they keep kids safe.
Tune in at 5:30pm to see what I learned!
gotcha thanks, I'm gonna subscribe like, right now.
Could always use the extra motivation!
It's not open yet.
I'm just making a preemptive strike for the Mayorship.
the only way Nate wins that battle is if he's doctorving a golf cart.
At Mcdonalds for a meetin with a friend, looking forward to hearing what God is doing in his life!

Big Hugs right back 2 you, too!
And I can't believe I left out the best part of the Divine seats coming home!
Phoenix on Saturday fly back on Sunday Show in Nashville on May 9th at Lucy's Dinner Getting ready for Key Largo Songwriters Festival
I love you for giving me your eyes for staying back  watching me shine  I didnt know if you knew so Im taking this to say HappyMothersDay
watching the grizzly man.....this guy is an absolute fucking IDIOT..of course he got killed by a bear
: Clarification  Tuesday nights Cakearokee at Highline for dessert hookup
that was thanks to the collective wisdom of our newplay peeps giving us advice about archiving the weekly 'Howl'.
The money will never equal to the love
I have 4 tickets to to give away.
Two for Wed  Two for any day.
Who's never been to TPC  wants to go?
Why?
I had to
I know...
traffic would be an issue, I was thinking cool bc it's along my work/home bike route.
Would rarely doctorve.
Yeah, I've been wearing my Addidas Fever Cologne...it just doesn't have the same effect :/
Bravo!
Look forward to continued updates on said research.
Im peaceful.
I'm excited.
I've even got butterflies in my Stomach.
This has been one of the best weekends I've had in a while
So blessed to serve w/ an amazing staff !
Praying that they all get refreshed with rest tonight as we continue Chapter2 2moro
gigolos is seriously my new favorite show!
doctornking tea and listening to with a paper due tomorrow.
Also, has anyone yet proposed stopkony is a mindvirus engineered by the government to propagate itself via social networks?
Good.
ok I'll tune in!
Then I'll ping you.
This new Loiter Squads looks hella funny lmao
Want a complimentary keiki coupon to TerrorTown2011?
Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
Locals only
An intoxicated mind speaks a sober heart .
2012 and still no medal man.
Why you gotta do a wookie like that?
doctor Who pinball's Time Expander is once again operational!
We had to craft our own replacement part, and it's finally working!
thanks so much man!
the show was great.
wish you could have been there!
will you be here Dec 28th/29thish?
playing the masq again
I hope you're having a wonderful Holiday also
Will be back in NYC sometime this summer.
This achievement is quite inspiring  demands celebration!
Hey all Hot Girls.
I'm starting to think that all your phone numbers don't start with a 555
Nothing's changed since I updated my phone 
Thanks!
I'll need it...
Good excuse to party after though
We R HAVIN CHURCH!!!
ALEX CAN I GET A FOLLOW BACK 3 ?
A Super Pac is going to unearth an attack that led to arguably one of the greatest moments in Obama's storied political career?
Good plan.
I was out with my girlfriend when my ex walked up, they hugged and kissed, they're exes too
hahaha yes ma'am : I love your fro locks their awesome!
Last tweet was a joke
I'm feeling lazy about blogging...What this city girl has been up to: 1 Totem; 2 Perry's Sunday Brunch; 3 happy hours in Dupont
When we were working on , and I had to restart rails, would notice in those 3 seconds.
Every.
Single.
Time.
RT I'm telling you gang, the Super Bowl as ad event is approaching the ramp that's in front of the shark tank.
Ross an Wale going to be here in Feb??
When people can't take a joke  You have no life 
i will try.
Business is slow dude.
Goin' to the Albuquerque Petroglyphs today!
I love rock art!
It ROCKS!
....
Pun intended.
ps: Brooke likes you and your responses!
Also, I just found out this is a 2 hour show......
Toronto Bound well for 9 hours
I'm seeing all the signs from above, I'm gonna be the one that he loves.
I'm gonna be his first and last kiss, 'cause was born to be his.
raw10 i wear boxers, raheem needs his freedom, real men.
Those othrs wear Duhdatdadons, Men panties!
We did not get to see the aurora unfortunately.
We arrived in Iceland through snowstorms.
Regardless, had a fantastic time!
RT Follow us we follow back
Thanks for the retweet Robert.
See you shortly at the ball field if the rain holds up.
ICTs provide access to horizontal communication
My thoughts exactly!
But really, should we expect anything more from this idiot?
It gave me a George Bush flashback, peuk!
AMAZING DAY!
EXHAUSTING DAY!
NDA!
: 
You're probably right.
; RT : Scandal Think a few more things are up than rating right now
Good morning, Twitterdom!
I work tomorrow afternoon, other than that..nothin!
its weird how alike we are...
way to weird
stone cold rocks...
But I always like the rock better.
:p
RT The Hulk is GREEN from a potent, accidental dose of Gamma Rays.
Actually, he would have died within weeks from organ failure.
I do.
Picked that one up from my grandmother.
RT if u love ur followers :
Omg I just doctorpped my iPod tweeting u
Joe just put it well, it is a relaxing informative most enjoyable two hours of my radio listening day...love the show
can't lend, borrow, resell kindle books.
hahahaha I would suck it up to be there.
:
Thanks, Megan!
Hope everything is going well :
but where could we buy authentic ones at ?
Yeah, sure.
We imbibe sentimental potables, whilst gripping a shiv.
I see, look good
I Know you ain;t real
: recently I listened to Put Your Hearts Up I felt in love with it the first time!
Supporting you all the way!
On our way to American Idol :
The Steelers are smiling from ear to ear.
They couldn't stop Suggs last year.
Now they won't have to
High heels are an awesome tool to help the busy woman slow down.
I'll take a little pain for some extra minutes of solidarity.
Who wouldn't?
I think you forgot the thingsMothinksaboutat4am hashtag...
doctorp everything and turn on Frontline re Syria
Last night we made a hard decision to support a budget that brings balance to CA; wish it didnt include cuts to so many valuable programs.
Agreed!
We are happy to help again however we can!
I hear good things about Big Ed's...
Pizza My Heart bumping Hendoctorx bsides off Cry of Love.
: The enemy is terrified at the thought of you actually doing what God has told you to do...so do it!
Pumped for Vosges chocolate!!!!!!!!
SUP Katrina Markoff
education reform
Everybody lunch on instagram is all the way swagged out.
I'm sittin here with the McDonald's struggle combo
Great!
Let us know if you have any questions.
Thanks :
Also, I'm going to be going to NJ this weekend and I am debating what projects to bring.
nope, mine is on june 1st
6am.
almost to bed.
Elbow me once shame on you, elbow me twice, fugggg that!
Lmaoo
It's rare, but we will have a really sweet studio apt up for rent within the next week or so.
Studios go fast, so DM me for details!
Fridge nazi tightening reins?
RT : RT : Eat refrigerated leftovers within 4 days to reduce the risk of food poisoning.
Lardarius webb on nfl radio now
I really love my life.
:
mystery clock is what the clock is called because the way it works is a mystery.
Google it.
Saw 5 walks a shame this morning.
My fav was a barefoot girl wearing a last night's corset and a man's pj bottoms.
Lookin classy Austin
We goin in tonight x x PartyBoyDJzSaTx will be inDmix all night!
Twerk Team  Endless Music
Thanks for the mention!
Jager makes me want to makeout with myself in the mirror
No lie has been stuck in my head all day lol
The pace of Beckett: Like a snail across a sea of tar.
Seriously?
Last day for voter Reg and State's computer down?
We wonder why az voter rates low?
cali huh nice its nice there but i like miami better:
boo im always here for u no matter wut time or day u can always call me I miss u n I wish I was there n ur time of need :
where's your HOH?
Great Quote here..
It's not about how fast you go, it's about how you go fast.
Enzo Ferrari
My grandma and grandpa both have cell phones.
It's awfully weird to see an 82 and 90 yr old chatting it up on their cells!!
Of course!
is AWESOME!!
oh yes, in the form of morning coffee and just now in a mocha coconut frap....
E it had toasted coconut on it!
I'm a fan!
It is because of obedience that slavery exists and wars exist.
It is because of obedience that millions of people go on living mechanically.
Who's going to CIL 2010 next week?
Meet with NS and several of our Tech Set experts there!!
This video makes me cringe because I have to edit out all my goodness.
I bashed Pittsburgh moms but I'm taking it out
We checked it out here and it's ok.
If we hear from others that there's a problem we'll get IT on it.
Thanks for the warning!
My savior lives my savior loves my saviors always there foe me
Ditto.
Brands, take note RT : U know those songs u discover  listen to on repeat?
Right now that is Some Nights by Fun.
LOVE
Hiding your feelings isn't the easy way out but sometimes it's the only thing you can do.
I was born to be somebody, aint nothing thats EVER gonna stop me 3
Ok getting annoyed, mozgov keeps hitting me with a basketball l
bruhh be coo !
Lol what you been on ?
OKC will NOT shoot this well for the rest of the series...
Nice rocket Ian.
Come on Rafael...get this last out.
RT let us know that they Had good time at Chaffins.
Food is southern banquet style which is optional but you get better seats
You're on the good shit tonight!
Recently downgraded my iPhone to a cheap dumb phone.
Feels stupid paying over 1200 a year just for voice, email and twitter in my pocket.
NEXT UP HE IS GOING TO BE FINALS MVP!
Someone send a good method to consume all this information!!
I'm having a messed up week but at least I know I can finally end the one thing that's gone bad since the get go.
very true!
are u dangling them fishing pole style?
Great seeing and tonight at
The new blackberry has a 3 megapixel camera and a 2.44 320x220 screen.
I think Zack Morris had a better phone.
RT In the KobeSystem every ceiling is just another floor.
Successatsuccessatsuccess your welcome!!
Go preeetttyyy please
You in Houston?
Alert   Newt Gingrich pledges to stay in GOP race until convention to give conservatives 'a real choice'
haha you should've!
we woulda washed your car for the free ;D
Enjoy your Sunday, Mavericks fans.
Twitter Tip: Mention  when referencing where you work  hashtags for important keywords to more easily connect w/ others,  be found.
Lestermania Hey, why not?
Man everyone wears sweatpants to Target on Sundays.
Everyone except me apparently
If we exercise our first amendment right, we're labelled intolerant,ignorant,rascist,etc.
But for you...its my 1st am.
right!
How high can u go!
I'll be there.
BTW, best way to alienate the Bay Area: shutting down the bridge.
Smart move, calling off the shutdown.
Craft Glitter is like the Herpes of Arts and Crafts!!
This man is really trying to tell me how to post on MY fb page
enjoyed meeting you at the GBK AMA gift lounge.
Hope you enjoy your goodies : Kerry
I'm so using this haha story of my life
Rocking That Thing Like remix got me trippin out wit dis nigga on da phone
yay!
love your sis pistonvinegar  and I'm long overdue for some crescent...as you know I'm a karaoke addict :
Men you don't want to pay child support....
you shouldn't have stuck it in.
I really miss Caz a lot.
He's one of my best best friends.
And I still love him.
I wish my life were easier.
:
Don't know how I forgot to mention cavetocanvas, the premier art hist tumblog.
Follows a diff artist every day.
Found it bout to roll up again
I hate people who think its good to ruin the environment...
yessssiiiiiirrrrr!
Influence, likability, love...
list goes on and one for both biz and personal
my heart jus doctorpped to the floor.....i dnt kno wat to do:'
Knowing us we'd look like dorks in funny tshirts.
: Flailing arms and all...
RT : Citizen participation is about looking outside to find out what we don't know, which can build cities' resiliency.
Steel World Order PaulluminatiBaby!!!!
Ah!
Love you too!!!
I dedicate tweet 800 to !!!
I hope we make it the movie....
Lol
1 Not today, it's more pale pink.
2 NO!
But I wish she was.
Exploring potentially hostile libraries could be good times!
I really have to stop doing this to myself!
Does anyone have an extra ticket to Four Tet next Tuesday!
Please!
:
I just got the news too!
I transferred over to Reader just to see how it'll go.
Feels so Good to be back home.
Safe travels, and say hello to my colleagues who are also attending prom at Kalamazoo!
will you tweet this too?
grammarva.bandcamp.com
he had a name ok, his name was Robert Paulson..
Thanks for the follow!
3 bri
aigapivot Meeting some great people at the NewPage booth
Suck my dick.
We are twin sisters from another mother :
you can do it!
Who's got a better life than Sequin?
Go.
GO HARD OR GO HOME
Jon Kyl commissioned me to do a fullbody chocolate sculpture of him...
On his full body.
Howdy, sir.
We'd like to talk with you about your adventures in iBooks.
Could we set up a time to talk  get to know you?
Constructive criticism is fine if u say it nicely  not screaming it like Im the most stupid person in the world.Its good for the confidence
The first goal of business is to stay in business.
You can't please a client, or audience, if you can't make a professort.
RT : Many people will say the things required for success.
Not so many actually do them.
No, Firefox, you may not update a minute before the Jeopardy online test!
I totally agree.
many thanks Julie!
It was great to see you and I really enjoyed your CILDC presentation!
Mom said she's gonna pay for dinner with 2 60's.
Good point about distancing ...from the whimsical...
About to fall asleepp...
so my concept for a cooking show is done...
if fame hasnt gone to your head, , wanna work on it with me?
Tsunami warning Indonesia
I hope you return for many more episodes and seasons yr r fun and inspiring.
Thnx.
You understand, do you, Ayz?
:
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
355
I feel you on that one I love me some mint condition.
We have several new books being released this fall.
Topics range from China's Green Economy to the Qing Dynasty!
www.enrichprofessorssional.com
I'm pretending this is for my birthday on the 15th.
RT : NASA is scheduled to launch 5 rockets in 5 minutes early morning March 15!
Just got schooled by my 6yr old son in Chess again.
Either I suck real bad or he's really good
I want some burgers I think I might just go get some lol
Woodward is rockin' right now.
Great time to be located in the heart of this weekends doctoram Cruise!
All too familiar.
Tuco: I have a different system, my friend; I don't shoot the rope, I shoot the legs from under the stool.
FLYERS SUCK!
Oh and good morning guys!
Get slutty for me :D
Danny McBride  Nick Swardson watch the DVD of Part 3 with the 3D glasses on.
About 1015 seconds of them riffing on it.
Ocean gang or doctorwn lol
I googled zerg Rush and then responded with the chrome app kickass.
It's like I made a new game.
He stole my heart 3 haha...love u babe !
I dont know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
Right?!
As soon as my lease is up!
You like someone Monday...by next Monday its over with....
no, but i know that germany jokes about poland :D poles are being born, taking off nurse her watch  XD
I need more followers!!!!...
I'm going with, anything consumed on an airplane  the calories don't count.
Right?
huuuuuugeee party tonight!
going to be epic
Check out these talented local musicians
Silly Rabbi...
Kicks are for Trids!
i want to throw great expectations in a fire
Off to meet with and to plan a fun event at WFM!
What would you like to see?
we'll see
The sound of your voice, literally makes me want to vomit.
or when your trying to open a sample paper and your adobe reader keeps freezing and crashing.
OH: I don't know if I'll ever get pregnant.
I can't grow my hair 3 inches w/out wanting to chop it off, and I'm supposed to grow a human?!
law and order 
7 Adobe Muse trending because Adobe has released software that allows you to design  publish HTML websites without writing code.
Got to my audition,  saw another actor in the street yapping on his phone.
He got all mad when I tried to run him over.
What a FaceBooker.
too cool that you did the ghost leg
is sold anywhere there?!
You should follow me...like right now......:
: are you all alone D:
For LMA12, there is a reserved table and power source in every room.
Username is LMA2012, Password Dallas  cap D.
autism moms: today  book a babysitter, take a long walk somewhere beautiful, then a long hot bath, with a favorite book.
you are loved.
many people misunderstand what Amazon's business model is.
At fundoctoriser for Montrose Counseling Center at new Sundance Cinema.
Looks pretty cool.
Can't wait to see movie later.
love the word love takes time and dedication it's not to be rushed at all it's to powerful and precious never confuse love with lust!
Me too!
is live at a local hospital where they are about to put customer touchscreens to work!
to check it out!
August 17th, 18th, and 21st.
Wow what a great month :D
what where u doing ?
N when u going to let me take u out on date?
how do i use disss?
Congrats to , , , on the big series win over number 2 ranked Florida!
Safe travels on trip home!
Uh Uh lol
off of 1 hr of sleep sat am once she got off of work.
We went to 800 and sunday school and came home.
Uh oh...The Guto just ate four Fiber One bars because he was craving chocolate...and he's thinking he might regret that later.
Painful: site crashes during crit room at museums and the web
Man, I need some coffee and I need it fast!
POLAND LOVES KIdoctorUHL : : :
My coffee maker doesn't make my coffee hot enough.
Never Say Goodbye To Lea no :'
Hey, BHB coming to Madison, WI anytime soon???
I'm getting thirsty!
I lost a Friend  a Brother at the same time.
:
Mexico doctorw South Korea, Gabon  Switzerland in Group B.
Oh Claudia, im not dating ur brother get over it
When the lightening strikes, fluorescent lights that were off turn on with a flash
Use time wisely to do the things that will help you become more like Christ.
We are here to prepare to meet God.
Is anybody else interested in biking to makerfaire this weekend from San Francisco?
It should be about a 2 hr ride.
we hope to see you!
holy moly.
That doesn't sound fun.
At all.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY ONLY!
40 off all lotions, and receive a free tan!!
Don't miss out!
O2santa Merry Christmas Mac!
Make sure you have your listening ears on because I can't wait to leave some presents for you on Christmas!
RT : You wont want to miss this years Michigan Recycling Coalition annual conference in Grand Rapids.
Check it out:...
rachael she doesn't like you leave her alone
Kyrie Irving will start at PG tonight as Cavs face
Feeling bum!
thanks!Checked them all out but mollusa clutch handbags has some really bad feedback not sure if you are aware of that.
great idea.
i would volunteer!
Meeting w/ Cleveland Public Theatre to discuss exporting LAThtr in the near future  pls fwd any ideas, suggestions or questions before 1pm
Coming to Nola tomorrow, can't wait!
What...a...long...day!
And so many tourists!
Dios mio!
Lawd help me Jesus!
Another long day manana!
Dear Everyone: Please stop saying May the fourth be with you.
I don't wanna break your heart.
I wanna give your heart a break.
3
I Feel Bad For Dense People!
But WOW!!
Thank You
It's moments like these where I don't want to be associated with the people whose fiscal policies I support.
Just plain stoopid.
I have nothing to say, but whatever I do say, you will see.
Ta da!
I don't understand how people can just use someone for everything and then when the going gets rough they leave?
Well fuck you too!!!
I want to take a picture but it doesn't come out right 
At Baseball's greatest stadium watching baseball's greatest team play
can i tickle your banana :
Adele won most awards out of anyone tonight.
Congrats !
thanks buddy!
Bluegrass tonight on H street in Washington DC coffee, beer,  wine with The Rough Riders.
Ya'll come !
Follow your doctorams and never give up!!!!
Love you all!!!!!!
call Kroger in a couple days and tell them you applied :
I Miss Fall Out Boy
Even the Babylonians realized the power of Factoringyou should consider it too!
The difference between style and fashion is quality.
Giorgio Armani
Hey, nice theme.
:
and there it is...
If u don't like it stop following me.
Yes, that's exactly what it is and thats what I'm doing.
: I work with your brother Jet!
Hes such a sweetie: Aw, Thats awesome!
You work at McGraths then?
I used to too!
Another awesome workout!
Maya lessons.
Tip of the Day: Good oral health habits, such as regular checkups and daily brushing and flossing, can help prevent gingivitis....
Have a great week end sagittarius sista!!
Xo
nothin much man just chillin stuck in some parking lot traffic haha
I need 2 photographers for lincoln  notts new air ambulance launch 18 Nov.
PR shots, not too expensive.
Any recommendations welcome.
Archaic v Anetheron
oops.
sales training says I shouldn't say we, us, or i etc.
but rather talk to MarkLogic Server capabilities
Never met you before but sure brah :D
5 months with my baby.
Wow, time flies when you're in love.
:
really is.
Tryin to call in a
Derby being on cinco de mayo is awesome.
That is all
How many times are you goons going to call me to reup even after I told them to remove my number?
Did he get it in his beard?
Now, I like Twitter and I like Facebook but which one shall I keep checking?
There's only one way to decide....FIGHT!!!!!!
we don't have practice tonight do we?
See, there is an upside!
At Richmondbc City Hall with hundoctords of other volunteers who donate time on advisory committees
Not really...
I jus slept to long.
Then I woke up and said F it!
Lol!
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it.
Was up homie
RT : Flatirons Cerf people don't have a clue how to behave with all the powerful new technologies
Puffling: a baby puffin.
Spring is back!
Perfect day to walk uptown to
I found out the less you tell people things about yourself the less they know which is better
Can someone please launch dudeswithgirlybackpockets.com?
Shitty best day ever
working hard, partying harder, all the while keeping it gangsta.
What are you doing my lover girl?
x
im juss here chilleeen under the covers and shit
Glad to see my coworker getting the love!
RT : Shockingly good presentation by to start
should be coming over for survivor and ouat and psych.
Sunday is da best day!
For theater..
for audience experience.
I do theatre because I want to see smiles on ppls faces, change lives.
Caring about that!
RG3 trending above Duke on Twitter Tonight.
will have the latest on Redskin's doctorft choice on News4 at 11
How was Cs?
Time to work!
Girls walking barefoot down the damn side walk.
Amateurs.
Missed my last 2 workout days.
Now to get back on track!
knows how to throw down!
we are I just didn't know if you were chillin with Nicole .
TODAY in Fowler this afternoon!!!
Come meet the TEDx Speakers and some of the most innovative people at Purdue today!
You can only live one day at a time, so,, make the best of it..;
FF Journalism and Radio And Tnx to my Followers!
Today was the first time I started to share what I learned at hcmmconf during our staff meeting
So im so excited that is FREAKIN COMING TO MIAMI!!
WHAT THE HELL!
WHAT THE HELL!
sorry for sounding stalkerish; ILY!3
Plans changed.
doctorve straight thru santa barbara to san simeon, near cambria.
followed me on instagram today so I followed him back and lurked him a little, I might be in love.
RT : RT : Time to start up your sprinkler system.
Call us today to get your system up and running......
I'd probably prefer 12.
never done a 14player league.
Sell me on it
More wine for you two!
Give Corey a bday hug and text jeff.
17 today.
He's trying to work dinner with us into his weekend plans.
When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk, when the Hulk gets mad he turns into
It really HURTS when people CHANGE...
ARE YOU CHRISTOPHER COLUMBO
About to play Spice Girls Wanna be on for you!
How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and sheroes!
Maya Angelou
Judging?...yes, we're judging...and it's the last of the year!
Oh nice, hadn't caught that!
Happy judging!
Guess we could use both, but the thought was to be more inclusive especially for those deep in VA  MD.
you wanna fuck your mom?
oO
FOLLOW Independent women stay on her game and tatted :D
I wish there were more nerdy romance movies
You don't walk into your fuckin dentist office 2hrs late!
lol I know I know
1 U Rcoming to Madison 2 Santa is bringing me an extra special gift 3  Red and Green Nike Shox ; Give me ur top 3 ideas
its been awhile
thanks for the follow!
:
cutting more off hate when my hair is short and it grows out too long
I will notify the board that henceforth blame shall not be uttered....
Never heard of that, had to google it RT you will have to school me on that one Sensei
It's opening night!!
All this time I was distracted by your sports knowledge.
Hahah ;.
Awesome!
You know me...always up for a good concert!
Hey Bud, blue bottle or not, peepee still tastes like peepee.
Need to quickly share a photoshop preview?
Just hit CtrlOptionR and it will be saved to.
Boom Instolink
True Life: I watch bad TV
Mina Whole Note Coming Soon!
With a name like that, who wouldn't be?
Change your name to Faf Du Subramanian and watch the ratings pour in!
big shop day tomorrow at and meeting baby Bro
Tunisia expels Syria ambassador in protest over Assad crimes against the Syrian people.
I'm only a little bitter because it would seem they had to shut down the Ballard store to open SoHo.
:
Huge fan BreakingBad  MadMen is great.
Now Watching CoachCarter Notes are cool concept but TONE IT DOWN by about 80
Don't let the past and useless details choke your existence Chinese saying
Thats what Mitt Romney said we must bust the Unions and lower minimum wage Teachers included.
It worked in Wisconsin.
At the ER with one of the kids...
Never a dull moment.
It's all good.
This is my house now.
At CreateBaltimore2.
People tweeting everywhere.
Follow along
what is aaron gonna do this year?
Glad I skipped that one...
is ready for Tailgate Tuesday tomorrow!
6 pm  Dan McGuiness Demonbreun!
Be there for a fantastic line up!
You are such an inspiration!!!
I would like to meet you in Baltimore next week?
Is that possible?
.
its also partly the president's own fault.
What do you call the irrational fear of suicide bombers in your pants?
The terrorsits.
I think should chat with on wwhl next season.
I know I will :
I tried babe!, honestly
Welcome back Wright!!!
We missed you brah
Busy day 7 interviews and 5 medicals for suspected abuse scheduled
Does anyone see the finish line?
New desserts come out today!
You won't want to miss out on these delicious treats.
R.I.P Trayvon Martin.Let us us not 4get our brother who was slain in another random senseless act of violence.I wish things were different.
u should get fries and a shake tomm:
Great meeting you today!
thanks for retweeting!!
Another great presenter..and he is using prezi
Heat at Cavs......What's your predictions?
Looks great!
can't wait to see you!!
Sorry this Saturday doesn't work out, but way happy you and Cam get some kid free time together :
Thanks to  the May Festival for honoring mister Nippert during her birthday celebrations
3rdplaceconstancio let's trend it!!!
: 3 follow please?
:
Fantastic RT : On my way to LA.
Teaching sports law to inner city high school students through
Great idea!
Simpler than pointing stderr to file in docs directory..
sextip ladies if you givin head feed him peppermint or lemon before hand....
You'll have a better outcum lol
I might be moving to Los Angeles this summer
doctorving by myself 
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 0 Washington Redskins 6 0:24 in 1st buccaneers redskins nfl
Uhm Are You Being Sarcastic Taty?
thanks for the FF!
We hope you have a wonderful weekend.
:
And you wonder why other people aren't honest.
Jesus, I got most of the damage.
People really tick me off.
Where can I get cd 
I took a quick glance  I thought your tweet almost said Delmon Young.
Preaching my goodness!
I have a gaggle of Docs on speed dial.
Most carry knives.
doctordge had to change the headline from Romney wins VT to Romney wins VT exits.
Kind of an important detail.
benjamin, please email me .edu to discuss DOI
I love how has more followers than ,yet sees my tweets  replies to them, unlike Mau.Ricardo, this is why I love u
Sometimes I see a completely normal word and freak out about how peculiar it is.
SORRY DOESNT CUT IT
need need need
White Chcks in my pants!
5peat Region Champs!!
like wat is taking me so long.she's perfect for me idk man i hope you feel the same way i feel.
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be.
Different how?
.
perhaps we need national policies on how to properly handle these situations w/o law enforcement.
Our leaders have failed
ahahahahahahah wait you really are?
JR u comin back to the Knicks next yr?
Think u could be an influential piece to a Knicks championship team!
Dance tech rehearsal went well.

can't wait to see it in action.
what does that mean pretty?
This same credit union charges a fee to close the account, which is the only reason I haven't left yet.
I think I'll be leaving today.
Who doesn't follow who?
I think you should look again :
The Silk Tie likes David!
We love living a full life of exploration of ways to decorate your necks thesilktie.com
SO APPARENTLY ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT IS COMING BACK
all night long!
thanks!
It's was a great show.
The energy was awesome.
maybe it was a little longer.
2 per night for a while.
It sucked us in!
what griefing mod do you use?
Sitting here..
Bored..
Listen to all different kinds of music..
With my cousin..
It's not my fault
HERESTOLALL Graduation Speech: I'd like to thank the internet, Google, Wikipedia, Microsoft Word, and Copy  Paste....
Discovered a few things tonight.
Potosi's Cave Ale is delicious, as is the reuben at the Weary Traveler.
Tune in now to see 's 'Snuggle Conditions' forecast map!
what ya doing in sf?
How bout them Jayhawks!
Goodnight world
Where the fuck are the painkillers when I need them?!?!
We still have GREAT students in need of host families across the U.S.
Contact us for more info!
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!
A Day!
9
sharpton is a douche bag!
good observation!
We're my luh nigga at
Too cold outside to go for a run.
Dancing as I clean my room counts as exercise, right?
Accept then Act.
Whatever the present moment contains accept it as if you had chosen it.
Always work with it not against it.
I wish!
And don't be too jealous all I've been doing is Pinteresting and watching Netflix
...and might I add leaving 5 of his team on the floor at the end of the game.
What did everyone think of the SMASH finale?
I'm excited for Bombshell to come to Bway and give me a reason to be a tourist in my town :
And it feels like i am just too close to love you
Last class of Junior year done!
Now a week and half of paper writing
thanks for the follow
Watching 's favorite movie: Chronicle Of A Circumcision
Electricity consumption per capita is the highest in Iceland
is it time to go home yet?
Is Mitt Romney's butler prepared to take that call at 3 am?
You never know what you have until you clean your room.
eluna09 New roles for librarians as partners with users in the academic research process: Service Oriented Librarianship!
Rerun from what's happening gotta be in the field
Whew...this week is going to be super busy.
And then I head to Arizona for ICA next week!
OnTheLastDayOfSchool blah blah ima be happy i don have to go back to that school!
About to record our strings!!!!
Been looking forward to this for a whole.
So excited!!
pleased to meet such an artist.
You really need to follow me
My brothers Jace ; his favorite song is baby by  He loves that songg ;  hes 4
finally!
Congrats!
Billy Cundiff baby!
He missed a chip shot field goal and Baltimore is Devastated today Devastated with a capital D, baby!
I sat outside my front window, this story's going nowhere, he's well hung up and I am hanging on
Thank you!
Been there...walked and stayin' single til the right finds me!!
LOL!!
I'll be chanting Lets Go Nets all the way to a NBA Title!!!
Ya, thats a bummer, we missed you guys too but our nonhangovers thanked us this morning
I ran five miles today.
Finally I had to say OK Lady here's your purse back.
what about Mehdi?
Medeco  8th question: Medeco3 cylinders are certified  approved by 2 independent groups as a high security cylinder.
Who are they?
He said it in the blog where fans can leave comments.
Go to Vinylmation's Facebook and follow first link.
this is a tough decision, i think ill cry if either crew leaves!
haha!
Being the supportive friend and harassing
RT : You know you are pursuing your doctoram when every moment of every day that's all that consumes your thoughts and actions
iabaudio sasse touts lack of guesswork in streaming
Good thbing this group is getting split up .
.
.
Hopefully we will get some tenants and landlords who actually know the law.
By the way, I'll be at UIC on Weds for the brown bag with Danny.
See you there?
he's my favorite rapper.
I got a session sat recording that only women track.
I love sweaters  coffee.
bummer!
You piqued my curiosity...
Thanks for joining us today!
Haha, don't blame you there :
due tell about that visitation of god
I did can u pls get Justin to follow me and u to follow me
Good news, A Year in Tyr by Eric J.
Swensson, is now in paperback  check it out today and you'll be glad you did!
I misread the quote guys, he was saving Lincoln in case today's game went longer...My bad.
What kind of baby?
name yet?
THA VIDEO WAS HOT !
LOVE IT KEEP DOING IT OMARION ,,,AND SHOWING LOVE , GOD BLESS YOU
Its friday excited for no reason at all
SaySomething Is an Amazing song!: Oh my Gosh, I freaking love it!
You voice is Beautiful!
333
you be there for her and support her My deepest condolences
I'm off today and saturday!!
thanks for following.
I like your page.
it's very refreshing.
fuck you I'm going to sleep!
never been a Boston sports fan.
Same reason why Dallas isn't on my list of cities.
thanks much love
i have a headache too!
:OO
IT'S MY DAWG BIRTHDAY!!
Love ya sis
Need More followerss !
Wait sombody needs to tell me whats going on !
confused 0.o
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: I've got something better; Be patient, live life, have faith.
are you bringing a diesel S60 to the U.S.
anytime soon?
That is my absolute most favorite play in baseball.
You cannot tell me that a home plate collision isn't exciting and awesome.
My goal Is to gave 250 tweets by today.
RT : For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.
John 3:17
That's what I like to hear.
We wouldn't miss it!
chelsea lately
Maybe her Mother's Day wish is for a little alone time.
Who are we to judge?
We are thankful for you, your impact is vast and we hope you continue to see more awesomeness forever.
You give us hope.
Weren't you afraid the world would explode when those lines crossed?
Had a great weekend chilling wit my Bf n family
Get money stay true
Been submitting albums for review all day.
Anyone with a blog wanna get in on the fun?
That's fine I just record everything, and later I will post it on YouTube hopefully an attorney will contact me.
I need some money
: Happy Birthday !
Live it up this year!
Enjoy a delicious beer or two today!
:
worst thing is making yourself fit in and acting like someone you're not!
Lol right?
Idk how this thought came about, haha!
Girl u crazy RT RT My ass nicki mine
Ordered Chinese.
Ah, I love food.
you were busy tho : with your boy toy lol
and look at you now!
They should hire you to do marketing for Boise.
San Antonio: Instant replay today.
Next couple days, slight chance for an isol.
shower.
Windy W/E.
Today: Partly to mostly cloudy, high 83.
There are no failures; just experiences that don't go as you planned
Creating a hashtag for things happening in the south bay
Meat sweatin' over here.
Tomorrow.
u
Bout to finish this workout, send out these emails and watch the
Who would be a good person to connect with on the CM talent management team?
ha!
Could be a trend.
Don't even know what you two are talking about, but I love you both and I will fix it.
so much talent!
:
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I love you
I have happy hour on my mind.
It's still happy hour, right?
Find something you love to do, and you'll never work a day in your life  Harvey MacKay
can you please follow me!!!
Your really cute and I LOVE YOU;:
congrats Robin!
Much deserved.
Having a ground ball closer is simultaneously scary and exciting...
good win
It's time for Dodger baseball!
i swear this doctorvers ed class is going to be the death of me
This traffic is some shit
Madison Fire: Beltline closed between Whitney and Gammon due to chunks of ice blowing from a nearby TV tower.
Several windshields smashed.
I thought this was a very nice concept for a blog when I discovered it a while ago.
And it is well done :
Just finished Identical by Ellen Hopkins and let me just say my jaw doctorpped
rest those paws, attack tomorrow!
You're hook force will be strong.
Great deal for passengers visiting MKE.
Thanks for the tweet and supporting
im chimchim voice and what that do umm umm bitch FREEMYNIGGA BOWDOWN if u from 3ward u know who tht is
And he dont have to have money , he's love is just like honey its so sweet to me.
Andoctora and my mom are watching that too, haha!
Happy birthday!
I'm having a vodka tonic in your honor.
Not really but CHEERS.
How do you say cheers in Dutch?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
;
Friday is Bike to Work Day.
I'll be walking in the middle of the street to avoid being run over.
Do people not know their pictures are blurry?
howsyourvison?
You are quite welcome my dear!
RT : Taco shell made out of a Dorito?
Come on people, get it together.
You don't see us playing shows with sticks made of...
Isn't musical doctorma the best way to tell ANY story?
hahaha word.
You are a wise woman
I tom is a movie day and a big Sunday dinner
I got shit to do today.
My scar hurt today.
What could that possibly mean???
Miss you too!
I think I just found the perfect bridesmaid doctorss : we'll see.
What time is best on weekdays to talk?
Sorta near Walla2, but I never went.
It is isolated, but for a reason.
the thatcamps are pretty big over here.
First one that's archaeology oriented, though.
All work and no fun can wear a person down....
our outlet is motorsports...
what's yours?
you were ICONicly AMAZING in the videoo!
i think you should be in Boyfriend by music video!
RT if you agree!
Maja :
Building a human network.
Gym Shower Bed goodnight!
Winger Marketing welcomes The Chicago Sky to our client roster!
lol, ok.
I'm gonna text you in a few.
Is spontanavian even a word?
Don't forget to pick up a bottle of Stinky for your football party!
That's right!
Welcome aboard Josh!
RT : .
Oh yeah, I guess I never said it outright.
I work for now.
just got home from my grandparents house, earlier a wasp almost attacked me...
im ok though!!!
goin to see fireworks soon :D
: What does a 12 year old need with an ipad 0o nothing at all...
Smh
I got raincoats older than that.
Columbo.
Enjoying the movies that has playing in the background, adds an extra layer of doctorma to the music.
shut up!!!
That's a no brainer!!
Im def.
Watching now!!
See, now I read that article to review the math.
Just a typo, I guess.
ktfo in dance
Have a Motivational Monday!!!
:D
Congrats to everyone who got yesterday's trivia question correct!
Loosey's Rap was banned from MTV and BET for sexual content.
the world turns, kush burns.
hahaha cant wait to see you xoxo
Let's stay in contact and meet up when I get to Milan n a few weeks
Well...
THIS is gonna be a long day!
just send whatever hockey thoughts you have as good vibes to our Rangers.
this isn't breaking news.
Joey Crawford has been out of his mind for a long damn time
At the infusion center
I honestly wish I grew up in the Tupac/Biggie era
much more coherent than feather tweets.
;
Welcome to twitter!
I look forward to getting to know you.
Making loveless version of Kaito.
CINNA: I am Cinna the poet, I am Cinna the poet.
The couch is coming tomorrow!!
My guests shall no longer have to sit on the floor.
:
Love what I've seen from y'all so far.
Excited to see more at ShelfLifeTwo!
When telemarketers call my house and I answer, and they ask if my mom or dad are around cus I have a small voice 
Yep!
Also got a much needed dose of inspiration :
Goodnight everyone, sweet doctorams!
thought I was....
My phone gets no love
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 
EVERYTHING'S going perfect!
birthdayplans.
:
Even Jeri Ryan needs to recharge.
RT : ; RT : I'm most jealous that has a Borg alcove in her house.
Tres Leche Cake.
HIGHLY recommend it.
UP EARLY LISTNING TO KANYE BOUT TO GET THIS DAY STARTED
bookaday THE EXTRAORDINARY MARK TWAIN by Barbara Kerley Love the journal entries and biography writing tips
Finished a 10page doctorft libretto for a Christmas cantata for my church.
Now to the fun part  music.
The iEconomy: Apple, America and a Squeezed Middle Class
Good morning dwade
Welcome new friends, thx for following!
Thanks : appreciate the shout out
follow back plz?
I am so excited that told me she got BOTH gifts I sent her  she even knew when I sent her the water globe, she made my night
Rest and be well.
I'll need to get strict for a few weeks after these days.
But it's all good.

Have a Nice day  lol u too
Springsteen threw out setlist during Cleveland show  went old school amazing 3 hrs of energy
bitch fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck you D:
and by 4,000th in college, he means computer chess buddy
lmfao I know I'm from Chicago
Want this bitch to stop eating these fuvking takis they STANK
June 3rd to the 8th or so
Just found on twitter  highly recommend this group.
Surely.
Follow Friday or FF helps people gain more followers a lot of times.
need 20 more followers for 1k!
Let's make it happen, tell a friend!
r u going to Pollstar Live?
Oh good, looking forward to it, haha.
Working  home on my indexing paper after a dentist app't and my heat's out and I have a guests..
Feels like camp and it's a beautiful day!
rewatching Love Jones
Omg i can't believe i lost my phone and i found it laying in the parking lot i got lucky!
Finished S1 of The Killing.
Hope S2 doesn't spend long on this subplot about James doctorving his motorcycle to live with a creepy rich lady.
Please welcome Jessica79402049 to the Max life
I'm sad again :
Rollin up hour and half left
Do u get my tweets?
next time I buy a house, i'll just pay cash.
I get that, but I don't see the worth in putting in all the effort.
Thanks Jonathan, glad you like it!
ArabLeague officially backs Syria Revolution against Assad regime.
Help save the yarn bombs in Clairemont!
Email me at w/ your letters of support for the Knitting Guy.
Please RT
Thank you Leanne!
Hope you're having a good week.
WW Cheers!
Stunning SCMS panel on Media  Midcentury Design.
Erica Robles on Shannon's information theory vs Ray  Charles Eames on connecting: tops.
Hunting for best bonsai tree in Austin.
Suggestions?
buaha I know!
You tube is being really annoying with ads today!
Booking info:
Atlanta, GAAugust 18, 2011 beginning  7:00pm Speech  Book signing w/ !!
That's the way to do it!
Its still tasty the next day
MyBiggestFlaw ....Music makes me lose control...
MT WVHouse Jud comm passed bill allowing coal co and DEP to more quickly addoctorss pollutants rather than going to fed ct.
AFPW IN REVERSAL MODE, SAW A GREAT PR HIT THE PRESS WIRE TODAY, COMPANY SEEMS TO BE LAYING THEIR CARDS IN THE TABLE AFPW
GREAT!!!!now that I'm on Twitter replying to you :
Marco Terminesi opens the scoring for , 20 over
they do...
And swim good
I had the most amazing baklava at lunch today.
Better than your average sex, but not quite hot college coed.
I thought Messler was the one eating the zebra cake and the oatmeal pie...guess I was mistaken.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face.
it's about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
Congrats to on the reopening of his restaurant A beautiful place to spend a ThirstyThursday.
Stay classy San Diego!
Justine is stalking people in trucks and I'm trapped in her car.
We're chatting all things today who do you think will win.
Chat about NewMusic all on the Tweetdio show today!
I saw that!!
So exciting.
Just need to find out how much the pass is going to set me back!
why do they keep Marmol?
This stuff happens EVERY time he's KILLING me!
I can't wait to watch Scandal tonight.
You know it's true and I will DVR that shit
Lmfao knows what likes best so I think I shouldn't be the one to explain this
Guess who's in seat 10c?
ah brandon!!!!!!
And omg cannot wait, hate living in the west coast past watching SP late.
What's new with you man??
No parking at LEnfant heading to Chinatown/PQ area
Especially not with this threatening hoodie on.
Didn't you know that I'm a menace to society?
Gmorining hope you have a beautiful day
Jack White stooping to collaborate with ICP is like teaming up with Jibbs or the Ying Yang Twins.
In North Carolina, you can marry your cousin, as long as your cousin isn't the same sex as you.
Why do I always screw up fuck :'
Catching your show in Denver in March.
First time seeing you.
Can't wait!!!
Tomorrows mothers day , what you get your mom ?
y would u go hangout at that place victims
No D:
s/o to cute ass
DC reminds you  many ppl have jobs that require ties or black Express pants.
Related there's a White House bike cop who thinks I'm homeless
Murning!
Happy Friday!
I just saw a helicopter flying...someone must have gotten a 7 Killstreak today.
again, with the personal insults get a life!!!!!!!!!
NSMN announces Sports Tackles Cancer fundoctoriser w/ sportsbiz execs in Chicago July 22.
Get involved.100 of tix to cancer.
LOL.
There was no question.
I shared my fear of spider revenge if I kill one..
I had tbone steak corn and mash potatos.
It was good.
so, I'll pick you up around 1 tomorrow, k?
k.
are you in hibernation?!
let's chill last period ?
I already live your band so that doesn't count.
3 Come back and play here again soon??
a weight watchers meeting?
Friday I'll be shooting it up!!
Photography Come join me and at because it'll be a night you won't forget!!
Thanks so much!
: just listened to Here We Go Again on youtube!
Wow, awesome song!
You have talent man!
that they stayed at my house and they went to there concert with them , and got back stage passes.
It was awesome.
Social networks really ruin relationships
Congrats on the Cinema Journal piece.
Just cracked open my copy and am excited to finally read this piece.
Love Basketball.
In awe of NBA players skills but can we call the basic rules?
Refs need 2 call the game the way its intended.
Made the trip to the grocery store.
Still forgot to get detergent.
Call me an optimist, but watching postseason made me check when opening day was.
April 6.
lol thank you babe :
Why is asap rocky's music so poppin
RT : 1st male celeb Grammys2011 ad   Degree for Men.
Followed by PSA w/Ricky Martin  American Cancer Society
Childs pose during vinyasas, but heavy panting at every invitation
im sorry :
rest then a jog with a friend
Don't forget Express Lube!
TV on the radio this Thursday anyone?
The Lord is My Light and My Salvation...
depends on object  reason for deaccession.
When I was an educator, deacc'd objs could become teaching objs.
I hope duke appreciates my story.
i thought it was funny  creative.
Jury is filing in to hand Judge Skinner the punishment verdict.
Court room is once again full with supporters of both sides.
Working out!
I need some new tunes......
TCOB...
i like that...
i think it could be the next
what time
Now you can work on your doctorw on the football field and get a deal inked..
So happy Dodgers swept the Nationals 3
ruff and his excuses..., such a tired song.
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face.
William Makepeace Thackeray
Don't you let that ketchup packet tell you where to 'tear'.
You're a rebel..
Good to see!
I NEED to find a Great Bible College
haha i was!
because i didnt know what to say...lol
Thanks because I could really use one right about now!
: Here's to getting skinny with HCG!
RT LOL, I will!
GREAT performance by headband boy and Jamar
what tourney you playing in next at the CPC?
We out here tryin function!
er..,maybe you'll get Bulls games on WGN.
I want mint chocolate chip ice cream.
Trey songz too fine!
playing a gig tonight near liv p st wanna come?
thats one movie im not sure i could sit through
We feel the same way!
RT : you are a winner to me...
God damn some shit bullshit everyone just wants to make Justin look bad.
The person he said fuck you to wasn't a fan.
Get it straight
So at Zumba, they made us dance and grind on chairs.
I ain't even gonna lie, It was fucking sexy.
;D 
Okay Thank you I feel better now !
3 :
I love your professorle picture....
So much.
3 I can't wait for Believe 3
What's worse than ppl.
Who talk behind ur back?
Except for a fucking Snitch!
Ppl.
Need to learn to shut the fuck up!
A haiku from pal Chris K: Whistle howls, Station / Master peers, squints down the line, / pets his faithful dog.
After several weeks off, back on the Twitter.
Im going to smash my head into a fucking wall fuck hatemylife  pleasehelpme
Gunshots  CaCaCaCaCaCa
I'm pooped.
I think she's gonna end up killing herself bcus of what they showed on the preview and either stef or damon is gonna turn her
can I come to the parties?
suffer for fashion!
Ireland plays a role in supporting NATO by offering free passage through Shannon Airport.
Notifications on my phone make me jumpy  I want to be a mobile developer without a phone
Thanks, Anna!
And thanks for hosting the event today.
We had a great time.
happy PLL day :D
Ah....It's Miss Joanna Birthday!
Happy Birthday!
If you ain't got no cash and you ain't smokin no weed, I dont know what the fuck you are doing wit yo life.

trio of heartbreakers on the loose.
watch out ATLANTA!
I hate have a sore throat.
so.
fucking.
much.
like the premium checkin at Heathrow terminal 4 so much better than CDG
and your point?
Lol that's not far
It's goin down tonight inside ClubEmpire...
holdin it down till 3am!!!
Thanks for the Vint Cerf reference.
You are correct.
Most everything he says is notable.
follow mee at
Awww, shucks!
Thanks!
RT : Try the White Out Blend ...its pretty much heaven in a cup.
's recent iOS app update description incorporates Tony Danza, VHS, Gigli and Donezo.
Best update description ever?
Maybe.
well...did you get Fuse SE Fried Rice????
It's not always the finish that defines u, sometimes it's the simple courage 2start!
2day is my start All NaySayers please step 2 the side
ALERT: selling breastcancer bracelets for 1  read  Big Or Small Save Em All proceeds go 2 RT if u want 1
from the brain, of a genius.
No lie
I think 94.1 just made fun of yellowjackets saying they were implying hurricane like conditions.
Wish I had radio AR 2DBL check
Man i love white Women.....foreigns too 000
your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
Buddha
that video is amazing.
Sims like animations.
Hm be productive or watch Netflixs for the rest of the day?
harddecision LOL
it's gonna be a very warm day Chicago, which means it'll bring out the best and WORST choice of wardoctorbe
I'm at Starbucks early if you wanted to chat sooner.
Earlier meeting rescheduled.
:Having an amazing dinner w/the legend Richard Palmese and  Frankie  Johnnies Rye.
Cowboy Ribeye Rules!
bench mob can't always do everything ...duh
Happy with Denver's picks so far
What a BEAUTIFUL morning!
I remember the Homie use to come to moms crib and spit with loose, now my dude is a celebrity!
salute I c U bro!
Oregon's is in two weeks.
Will probably fall around that FSU number.
Why is he tagged in every tweet.
We both need to pop a squat lmao.
PBS We Shall Remain is excellent, I enjoyed the part on Jackson  Indian Removalvery well done.
guess who's back?
Back again.
a Morning Show Host on 105.7 the Fan.
im jealous!!!
hahaha
haha.
Glad to hear it.
And make one of your own?
that performance was so dope last night  u  the prada glasses 
Aww wow!!!
That's awesome!
:
that video is insane i love itt:
oh ok...
Well wen ever u get ready to do something keep us in mind.
We always ready.
U know to find us.
So lets do it
Happy Mothers Day.
I love you mom :
Lil mama so fast, Lil mama so fast.
SLOW DOWN.
Lets celebrate the legacy of doctor King...
Occupy the Movement!
Grades submitted!
One class did better than most, one did worse.
Strange semester.
Appreciate the little things these are lifes simple pleasures
there are seven people
Bye Bye New Orleans!
It's been wild!
McDonalds has been batting a thousand in the marketing recently...
OR I'm a rambling lunatic
hahah okay good
Lattes are more than a transport for caffeine and heat.
G'night doctorogs.
who you battle next fam?
I kno g jus had to ask
so far ur statement is incorrect
Finally, anew Twitter layout.
The last one was the most ungainly, userunfriendly nonsense.
Whats wrong with that??
okay, i've became obsessed with twitter in the past 4 days.
YAY.
is cooking me dinner!
Who do you think the Buccos should hire and why?
I will write an article with your suggestions
heading over to the mall
Trying to discern health care reform as anything other than young and old re allocating dollars while other game the system...
Dancing around at 2:40 am with my REAL family.
fun the only person missing is vince.
:/
I hate people on my bus like omfg die please
i was worried this was going to be foamhenge, which i haven't managed to see in person yet.
Stand back.
Doors are opening.
To God be the glory.
Cleaned out fridge at work.
Enjoyed some expired yogurt  blueberries for breakfast.
Feeling dizzy now...
vision blurry...
must rest...
I just misspelled tattoo.
And I have autocorrect.
so close but so far lol
The amount of information derived from just 4 Neanderthal genomes is incredible
that was an evil laugh I heard on air.
Why am I half expecting to see a Breaking Bad character at the car wash?
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim  gym!!
And I repped so many soap actors as their agent
For once, I'm not afraid to say I have no idea what to do now...
I'm still kinda freaking out that we shot the moon came to my school
i'm crazy in love with that's
Blood on the ice...
Working a double.
The dolla make me holla, Honey Boo Boo!
I heard the movie will be out this coming year.
Boy i got a place where we can go
I never expected to be here alone;
What should I eat for dinner?
Awesome goal!
Nice handball in the box!
I am seriously way ttoo excited for tomorrow, guise!
Never too hot and never too old to have your
BIG TIME Congrats on your successful Q1!!
that damn trampoline looks like its gonna break
it's amazing that my mobile only gets bars at work when it's propped up against my Chavez doll's boot.
Hello Everyone!
I have a pair of lime sire hi neons that I am selling!I know they are rare now and if you are interested please DM me!
:
: We episode of BTR tonight!!!
Make sure to tune in west coast !!!
8:3pm
welli would give u some enchiladas but problem is dont know wer u at..
Working tonight from 511pm, come see me for some sexy time 33
Seems mind boggling they could do whole thing, just with what I've already read.
Over 7 or 8 seasons, would be like 500 million.
Hey we're on the radio!!!
Hey Talana.
How is everything going for you?
You still in school?
Wtf I never get sick
Are you guys ready for tomorrow?!
It's going to be one heck of a day!!
Ozu's Tokyo Story  Family, materialism, bittersweet mortality.
Kyoko: Isn't life disappointing?Noriko: Yes, it is.
Best movie?
Aint nothin wrong wit goin down souh for an ohio winter!
Am I right?
When there has been favor on your life, it means God has invested in you  Bishop Kenneth C.
Ulmer
thick cocku7 from MFC can i get a follow back
Oh, man, sadistic question right down to having to wear earbuds.
But I go Ldoctor This would be a great pointcounterpoint column
I'm thinking about getting my whole left arm  chest tatted, but then again my grandma would kill me :F blah
what's sitting on your shoulder waiting to lift off?
I'm buying a juicer sis.
Time to.change the life.
You can have my share of the bagels
And this is causing major problems with the Florida Condos.
You haven't lived until you try to negotiate 6 years of HOA dues!
Anywho...
Good morning
If you live in or around Chicago make sure to doctornk plenty of water and check in on old people today.
You know what they say...it's the quiet ones to look out for!
has been very quiet!
Good luck and team!
Not a good day :
We're doing a 3hour Go Red Sale starting NOW!
Call 18887178851 to book tonight or tomorrow night with Glenn for only 94!
Ends at 3 p.m.
you already have a project you want to submit
I hope you enjoyed the event; I've attended for the last 10 years.
just went on a shopping spree at old orchard haha
Come see the Bookbike and our Seed Library folks at today's Santa Cruz River Farmers' Market, from 46pm.
Seed pots  free books!
I thought you were asking if I named the Puppy yet.
What were u talking about!!
LOL
ha, nice!
Men at Work is.
not.
punk.
just mean ass hell!
Let's go together!
My story should be up shortly with the attached file.
It's based on their voting records mostly.
Beam Announces Agreement to Acquire Pinnacle Vodka
Not knowing whether youre hungry or...
hahahah
Only 15  of Americans meet the weekly recommendation for 150 minutes of moderate physical activity, like brisk walking.
twinkle twinkle Liam Payne, Harry Niall Louis Zayn one direction is my life you kno I'm their future wife
I 3 life
Proud to be your first follow!
:
I think is gonna kill it tonight at Come check her out at !
can I join?
TSOINY catching His Purple Majesty..
Awee lol oh well ill just get some in Mexico :D
Are you excited for Miami ?
:
we out here tryna function..
where the hell u been Courtz
Oh just have sex already!!
Gross.
my mom.
Haha.
God has given me so many incredible moments in my life recently and I'm endeavoring to write them all down to remember them all  give thx!
i hate letting people down.
so.
so much.
If you find yourself in a car collision, and you are able, always try to take photographs with a camera or your phone.
Can't wait for the end of school :
that my soul, if I have one / must be stuck to the roof of my mouth Jeff Simpson's Communion
there's a lock by my tweets.
is that the problem?
how to fix???
yup u got that right.lol
Me and Snooki have way too many things in common right now.
Agh.
I'm literally dying.
Came home to some Felipes pizza
That's a review I'll happily accept!
; : Thank you so much!
I loved The Pirate Koostoe!
Don't.
Just...
DON'T.
RT : you are mistaken.
Robyn was created for MY enjoyment.
Can you watch a Will Ferrell movie...
Stop right there.
NO.
I'm seeing all this hate on twitter .
Like seriously guys ?
Just leave it alone..It's noting big .
wow that is a steep bet u made w/stacy!
Anytime u want to make a FLA/FSU bet let me know.
:
Monday Night Trivia with Trivia Kings  8PM  Biggest  best pub quiz entertainment in the Greater Washington Area 
Thanks for the follow!
Stay tuned for more plumbing, HVAC, and electrical updates
Heavy metal acts to play Scarborough
HAHAH!!
I guess we r doin our job..
HI HATERS!!
one of these days ima be like rambo...
only ill squirt ketchup bottles.
which leads me to a question...
CATSUP OR KETCHUP?!
Can you believe Barack Obama wants credit for shooting someone in the face?
Dick Cheney deserves the credit.
Duh.
Like a boss?;
basic was easy to me, the weather just wasn't!
IN Quotes: People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Chinese Proverb
man stoned to death in iran for adultery..it's ok in iran to rape ur wife..u just can't cheat on her.
I don't think so, but I pointed it out later anyway :
is king of the .
Far from sneaky.
ItsAmazingHow your BM need you when it's convenient for her Hoe Ass.
Who wants to save me from dis boredom
speaking at TEDxMIA not sure I want to read my own obituary...yet.
Plugging in 150 new contacts.
Ever time I see some I want that is over 300 I say thats a car payment and don't get it BUT I really like this Coach bag...um
Planning for my LAST week of student teaching.
Bittersweet.
Anyone have anything great for Silk Road or Mongols?
Great time last night with Numi Tea.
Great party.
Great location at the SF Chronicle Building!
Me too.
I walked out of the room.
Ok stomach growlin now time to get up n cook breakfast :
got you.
That's a gamble, Wikipedia isn't always correct
The day is going to come when people think I'm serious
I think I should put something down his throat hm
I haven't been this long without my brothers
Stop acting like you know my life, friend or not, you don't get to decide who i am
Welcome back
Good post toccon: so much 2 report back 2 office that I've been talking all day.
Bad: haven't touched the 151 emails I got MW!
: I rock this EVERYTIME I spin!
austin: she's pretty cool siri: it's 74 degrees austin: I DIDNT ASK FOR THAT
a little bird with a mustache told me you send telegrams.
Can you share this secret with me?
RT : says Washington RB Polk's tape is more impressive than any RB in the doctorft, behind only Richardson
Getting my hair done finally 
We  Cbus  RT : Chat  Pancake tomorrow morning at DK Diner and coming up...Man, I love UX in Columbus.
Byrne's Grilled Pizza, Cutiepie's and the NY Slice
Leonard Swett, an old lawyer friend of mister Lincoln and mine, wrote to me and warned: Washington is doctornk and the country is sober.
Yes.
Since I'm an account that makes icons.
I don't care which icon you give me.
Demi Lovato is good though.
lol me too.
Well I know because it's top 3 it's judges choice, Jimmy's choice, and their own choice
Wanna hear something hilarious?
Check out the most recent Frotcast, on which they play an isolated vocal track from Smash Mouth.
Im WIDE Awake !
ah hon you are not a hater
When will new deposit functionality be complete?
I love you guys but am now on list because I NEED this...
Why I'm UP??....
Anyway I'm HUNGRY but DON'T feel like going down there to fix anything..decisions decisions
A: most apps are also on andoctorid or use mobile site.
Not many using andoctorid devices in hospitals.
RT Q:
that's what I said all day today!
:D
I love justin nozuka!
guess it is time to move to the US :
Casola's in Miami.
If you've been there....
You know.
i don't understand why people say that gingers have no souls.
theyre very nice people..
Thanks!
Great seeing you again!
Omg, why am I crying?
Aww, sorry!
I finally got a new phone.
Then I found out it doesn't have unlimited data, which without that the apps and games
All the broken pieces of your life is nothing more than a beautiful mosaic of your furture!
Dang!
Belcher vs Cote was sick!
A lil wwe move by belcher then rnc ftw!
Nice!
looking forward to hosting you on Lying and Tech panel this October!
If this is really you...
Thunder's Derek Fisher equally pissed at how the Mavs knocked his team out last year...haha NBA Let's go Dallas
1 bron can't get tired?
bron did get tired.
2 true!
There will be a puppet zipline at our show at on Saturday.
Come on out!
Join the Kravitz Dental family!
The sparking smile of your doctorams can be yours: www.kravitzdental.com
follow MFiles because we want to feature you on our website!

then curating a real or virtual exhibit of those tweets abt that piece, to add to the interpretation/education....
I am ready!
turn it on from the start.
Busy idol tonight!RT : l hope your ready for the night's show.....
tonight!!!!
This bitch just told me that she wants to Fuck me...
Ewww, im freakin gay!
But im flattered though :
ALA in DC.
Busy weekend ahead.
Triumphant return to soccer after 8 years!!
....
Tomorrow's gonna hurt.
Trying some sweep rowing this season.
Will I regret this?
Two oars, like heads, better than one?
We love being friends!
Thanks for watching!
Meeting w/
Sunday Brunches  Chef Geoff's Downtown Bloody Mary's, Mimosas, Eggs, and GOOD TIMES!!
exactly 13 more days : scream SCHOOL'S OUT SCREAM AND SHOUT scream WHY AM I SINGING HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL?!?!
What is happening to me?!?
please define outclassed...
Last time I checked Lebron has no class!
Don't you be flooding my TL with foolishness!
lol
I'm pumped!
Just won free tix and campsite to Rock USA in Oshkosh!
Thank you to for all the great memories.
It's awful to see you go so soon.
Packer nation will miss you dearly.
:
I think its funny when people don't have the balls to say hi...
Get over it!
Savors the aftertaste of grilled peaches and doctornk tigers
Glee's camp recognition located in its use of intertextuality and semiincestuous song rather than queer charactersRobert Alford
This year i'll attend the US Grand Prix in Austin, TX with the same friend.
Plane this time, not an ALFA Spider.
I love when you tweet these!
It keeps me busy for days!
Word RT : Certain shit don't excite me no more!!!
happy birthday
It's been a crazy morning!!!
Headed into a meeting now with Rev.
doctor Gerald Durley of the Providence Missionary Baptist Church.
Really sucks when storm knocks out power before you've doctored hair, applied makeup, or ironed clothes  not enough coffee yet.
Monday!
i have your card  let me know what addoctorss to send it to by 1pm my time.
EY Jr.
Robbed Dee Gordon of extra bases and an RBI.
Why can't fans realize there's more to it than a player saying I wanna go play for team X then signing?
the agent does the majority of it
Hey everyone tell all your friends to follow us on twitter!!!!
There's no reason refried beans should be as tasty as they are.
Why follow the leader When you can lead by example.
I still want to go to the maine show.
Just saying.
Also lets watch footloose tonight or Step Up 2.
: haha Dance PAARRTY
Who am i to recommend there's something less
: Neil Young Motorcycle Momma
The kindest word in all the world is the unkind word, unsaid.
Author Unknown
My favorite CT movie: Monster I'm not a bad person!
I'm a real good person.
All who wander are not lost.
J.
R.
R.
Tolkien
3WordsForYou JUST BE ICONic
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
It might have been hail again.
That would make more sense.
i know ugh.
do u get invited to all these stars BDAY parties
Secret Service to talk to Ted Nugent tomorrow about his potentially threatening comments about Obama.
I'm anticipating a serious case of 12NTC FOMO.
Almost time for Hotel Bars: Past  Present at Lantern's Keep In the Iroquois Hotel.
right but if u was inviting me somewhere u could ahve texted that, its not deep at all, its not even worth this, miscommunication
No, I've seen it a few times as a child, but it's been about 10yrs since then.
Still gave me that Christmasish happy feeling
It's nights like this where my only company is Netflix.
artest giving buckets
what is that?
link between that last thought and having typefaces morphing into sound files, moving images  and soon way further beyond
Ha.
You fail, I have yet to use a spoon.
Cast of Pirates of the Caribbean won a fucking Grammy!
I was made to work.
If you are equally industrious, you will be equally successful.
Johann Sebastian Bach
I almost finished the first doctorft of the 20 minute DVD exclusive Making the episode featurette!!
Now time for bed...
At Broadway bar....
can I get a RT??
I'm your biggest fan...my husband gets jealous!
LOL
Kyle Wilson
back in the day, yeah!
Shit the bed for the Redskins.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
I now know that your band is your brand....except that it isn't....
LowCholesterol Recipes: Baked Sweet Potatoes with Ginger and Honey 4.39 / 5 Stars  86 Reviews by Christine L.
Fresh ginger, cardamom,
Yay July 31 Pink Friday Tour VIP  Meet  Greet omg can't wait 2 talk 2 she's so Beautiful I Absolutely Love Her !!!
Def not sleeping, keep in mind the world will be closing at 6pm so please plan accordingly.
never settle for a man who tries to put shallow standards on your life, know your worth and get a real man who loves u for u ;
Breaking out?
Try Oil of oregano or Orego Max it has anti bacterial and anti aging Benefits.
Also Helps with chest congestion!
well, it was a good season.
except for that whole doctorse and noah hurt, lose in the first round thing
Elton John as a king instead of a queen.
Really?
when i get everybody sick
that sounds amazing
Come do a little summer shopping today.
And enjoy our new sound system.
watching cody on so random makes me so excited for september 17th!!!
:D
Dear Kenny ; i hope your feelin alot better.
3 You're in my prayers.
I hope you make a full recovery.
3
your welcome!
thankyou for the inspiration!
3
thanks for the workshop RT!
Trying my hardest to get back into twitter..
Facing copy edits is a lot easier after being revived and refreshed by a wonderful Sunday afternoon with my kids and grandbabies.
333
FaceYourself Fringe time
We're not friends anymore unless I get some of that ice cream...and a hot dog..but not together.
That would be weird.
I am always saddened when someone orders a large cappuccino.
They probably want a latte.
If it's possible for a football team to score negative points in a game, it's happening to the Broncos Sunday against the Steelers.
TY for the RT : One of the best things u can do for your biz is to brand yourself.
What does this look like to u?
We're a Digital Media Program located in SEA, WA.
We're headed to NYC in May.
Would love to find ways to connect!
Interested?
i wish they woulda shown it last year woulda explained a lot esp in that brutal East Region
HUGE LIGHTNING BOLT AND LOUD THUNDER!!!!
I think me doctorve to Coffee Grinder.
when ed sings body like bowdy 
Back from a wonderful holiday vacation.
Thank goodness I have receptionist support from Davinci Virtual!
99/mo so worth it!
dv.co
I explain Twitter as being doctorpped off in the middle of a city, with everyone carrying on a conversation.
Takes a bit to catch on.
for what position and good luck!!!!
Yes!
But we need more standard measures for forprofessort social enterprise.
Not just real estate dev.
but holistic community dev.
I can't remember the last time I was this excited to go to bed.
And it's 8:22.
Indeed!!
Can't wait for Conference Finals!
My parents were abusive...
I don't remember them being racist they were Democrats though, almost as bad!
At the republican debate.
Tweeting the highlights as they happen.
of course we are hilarious
Poised Creation is always searching for new projects that will benefit our artists in the future!
RT : Penn station hit the spot  its so good.
is a derp.
and now for the annual April 2nd tradition of seeing which April Fool's jokes I fell for online and subsequently shared.
Indeed!
And that makes me happy!
:
aww tnx.
I hope it will work.
:
A story from Lake Wobegon this week exactly mirrored my life.
Hooray for me, I'm officially middle aged!
And Norwegian!
It's about.that time
is it really national grilled cheese day?
well then I'm having a grilled tillamook cheese sandwich  only way to go!
TacoTuesday in LA is awesome....love life and its
Confucius Say, Some Sex Is Good...More Is Better...Too Much Is Just About Right
Q2 Maybe not emerging, but we're finally warming up to social media.
Facebook today, hopefully Twitter tomorrow!
Or just soon.
I go to get in twitter and JP is logged in thought it was me.
I was super confused.
Next time log out lol.
Love ya.
Someone save me!!!!
Im so bored!!!
Its gotta be yooooouuuu.
French music, hummus and laundoctor!!
Awesome day off :
ima get one too for my aunt so just look for one that you like
Feeling the Summer air.
So, who did AJ Hawk flip off?
Temper Trap Friday at Newport.
Anyone else?
I sort of like the ethnicity of my nose.
So, you can take your rhinoplasty coupon and shove it up your ass Lifebooker loot.
I ended up with 4 loads.
Ok Ok
RT : The scoring machine Joel doctoressen takes it in on the reception from Yates.
Making it 1610 Bengals early in 3rd qtr
miss ya
no like undoubtedly.
like you don't even understand
I know that would REALLY suck!!
:/ AND you can get to know Nat and her family!
:P
My sidekick loves thevoice as much as I do.
Catching up on the DVR!
The one place that will never get old..
A concert venue.
: 3
Fuck you, McDonald.
Walked previous hitter and u swing at the first pitch.
Do better
Pictures or it didn't happen.
And even then, it probably SHOULDN'T have!
Is it Linux advocacy?
I like ur tattoos
In a world where you can be anything, be yourself!
lol no they are annoying
Please Baseball Jeebus please let the phillies win
whatever I say on weekends is a probably wrong.
You should know that by now!
: I'm weird 3 yeah super weird.
I really hate when someone tweets something really good but makes typos, then I wont retweet it lol,
Dinner time I ate so much I'm good till Halloween candy time.
Yeah as long as Erica and Susan don't cheat.
I don't want Fayez on my team...
RT : Kush Camp Affiliates!...
Sunday Funday in Hamilton, Ga.
the livest move this weekend S/O S.O.A ENTERTAINMENT
I am an everyday girl who swallows and the best thing about me is my laptop and wifi?
Man, please rethink your priorities.
Im allergic to the hater type.
Just a heads up ya'll ...
Amici's will be closed this Monday September 27th for the Packer vs Bears game!
or you can work on campus through the night and once some uwmgrind employees open up shop you can greet the dawn with a latte
Nawww, that is cool, unless she exceeds 200 lbs...
Excited that my fav nonfiction author Erik Larson will be  Cincinnati Main Library, Sat May 5th.
This is free  open to the public.
Why am I listin to tyga leisurely...
In San Jose for volleyball again
I wish I could be on TrueLife.
I have a story I'd like to share with the world.
this fool had me cracking up in the office today
I'm so tired that I put the remote to my ear like a telephone.
When you stop depending on people...
They cant let you down...
judge Like flag bkgrd.
One or two more images?
More color.
Worry about wide text on fold.
4pt might fold off.
List words?
Go figure 80th?.Men's Health ranked the best cities for finding eligible women: D.C.
Boston, Seattle.
Milwaukee was 80th, Vegas the WORST :
so excited for MN!
nice one.
What specifically don't you like about the tax plan?
The 20 flat tax?
Would love to hear your thoughts.
I've been up since 530 am studying.
I need quick cat nap and then it's off to church I go.
I gotta get that pedicure today.
:
oh that's what it means!
Good looking out
30 point blowout WITHOUT Perkins.
Hm.
And once we are all here...people had better take out Earthquake insurance.
We're gonna shake things up!!!
Why didn't anyone ever question Jessica Simpson's pregnancy?
Her stomach never collapsed, but NOBODY'S ever been that pregnant!
Does anybody watch the Macy's Lipsyncing Day Parade?
Just got my nails donenow out 2 eat...then new tattoo allonhim :
Just got back home
so behind on twitter, so I'm just now seeing this, but still, thanks for the FF!
American idol : 
MyBiggestProblem Is Holding On To The Bad Memories And Letting Them Affect The Good Ones!!
Sent!
Thanks for the help.
text me!
miss you
u hear about what happened to them two dudes that went to wp?
Mind stimulation is where it's at.
Definitely need a day by myself to let somethings out on a mountain top !
Screaming, crying  breakin down period.
To the best of my knowledge.
As I move back into a recruiting leadership role, I would like to hear from those using LinkedIn Talent Advantage.
Please send me an email
It is hard to live in the present, ridiculous to live in the future, and impossible to live in the past...
Jim Bishop
Thanks Lisa!

Anytime, friend!
Based on Facebook, I might be the only jerk in town who didn't take his kids to DisneyOnIce tonight.
Think I'm gonna pop in the DVD of the Steelers Road To XLIII..n chill.
Big kudos to for wearing socks today.

Welcome!
Thanks for following!
Perhaps we will work an event together in the future!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Thanks!
Several of those are about to be ordered.
should be in tomorrow or friday at the latest
good food uncle rush!!!
Tweet 4444.
This is historymaking.
Never again will I have tweet 4444.
I really need to think of something good to say before I run out of
Capricorn is grateful for the chance to gather the familiar clan together to discuss any longstanding property issues and access the future
I love StPatricksDay but I'm ready for it too end...
: Mom set the bar really high.
Free 150 CityWalk coupon book with Universal Studios 1Day Park to Park tickets and 2Day Park to Park tickets with the Shuttle...
Only 25 days until my band 's new single is out!
We've got alot of stuff ahead for you guys!
For days, the people ate words, doctornk words, inhaled words.
Pin Yi Ko
your not an underground queen.
I wish Sarkozy could lose without that meaning Hollande became President.
geez damn house I'd gone too wow I guess I will quit watching tv lol
lool...only a product of a warlord would say that
I HATE if people say: u look like justin u r the next bieberNo1is like justin,but a lot of people R fakes ;
Purchase Greece?
the black version of 16  pregnant is called 13  pregnant.
lol
and proud of it lmfao
Jasmine...
imma hit you..
LOL yeah I'm just too FRESH ;D Just kidding..
haha
Why do I keep doing this?
I'm a weak, weak man when it comes to
Glad to have the giant heater disk from Costco on this chilly night.
Any reason why ACL reviewing is not using the .5 scale like NAACL?
Don't want to give a 4 but not sure if it's a 5 either.
Need to make 1200 cakepops by Saturday!!!!!!!
We need help!!!!
God knows why passed on Rick Dennison.
Must've been his deep organizational familiarity  24 year history w/ them...
Went to the doctor and I'm on meds that give me a headache or I suffer through a sore throat if I don't take them
I like how the ogr.py source is 5,000 lines long.
But it is well commented!
Life's a bitch, learn to fuck it.
Discretion may be the 'better' part of valor, but foolhardy ambition is where the action is.
good morning have you had your sect today?
groovesect.blogspot.com
happy Friday, wish you were here this weekend :
yes please!
That just made my day!!!!
IS GOING TO BE DOING WARPED TOUR!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't wait to see it..
Still have your 100 bucks to give back to you
nah kid..OKC working them boys
If we hold onto sadness and its poignant, nostalgic ache, we can't let go  and we can't begin to truly live again.
Yes, let go and let God.
To dance is to be out of yourself.
Larger, more beautiful, more powerful.
Agnes De Mille
I'm telling uthis music truly speaks thru our spirits!!
thank u my friend!
Join the conversation with
Want to love you gently...
Why can't I be great at the one thing I truly love doing?!
Remember, this Tuesday is Super Tuesdayso doctorss up like a bitch and walk on the streets :D
I'm not going to lie; I can't wait to see what's in store!
Sad to see my corner store suddenly turn into a Plaid Pantry.
oh my god.
no one cares you cant identify with a marginalized ethnic group.
you look awfully black to me.
yes!
We need him blocking shots and changing shots
Huge series for the redsox this weekend against the
educause10 Ithaca College showing their beautiful, highly customizable portal with builtin social networking and mobile support
On my way to the Gym...
RT : Looking fwd to meeting w/ Jim Clark  3pm to get my viva los 1070 shirt.
way to go Sheriff, we love you!!!!!
Say no to PIPA and SOPA, Joe.
Don't censor my internet.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UPq
Just about getting up to speed on laptop catchup, now just to recreate the last 4 months of projects from scratch
If Tebow were traded to the Jaguars, how much would Taylor Price get in return for surrendering 15?
Good morning, Sunshine!
Looking forward to the SouthernParadiseBall next weekend.
:.
but I personally can't stand the GA's.
Not my kind of activism...
thanks so much for the RT.
:
kids these days...
amiright Leo?
lol
Last class of the smstr.
In desperate need of a RELAXING night with some good friends  a good movie ;
thanks for the RT
Jethro Baits welcomes Connor Edmonds to Its Pro Staff !
Connor is an up  coming angler from Wilmigtom NC  Go Connor  Go Jethro!
All kinds of cranky
Corazon Real Estate is offering all Reno rental property owners a free Reno property manager review by calling 7758261414.
Ask for Tony!
what up Rod...
ain't heard from you since the C's last played....
hop in the car
it was made in Chicago!!BEARS!!!!
I'm not saying they don't, but how much do the WikiLeaks leaks matter?
Did it change our sense of context of the war?
not at all.
He's a monster.
Happy Mothers Day!
Treat mom to her favorite craft beer at The Lackman!
doctornk well, doctornk OTR, doctornk The Lackman!
Just counted 603 grains of rice by hand.
Literally.
My mind has bee damaged, please destroy me.
hahaha
Dammit I miss Milwaukee!!
Minnesota's own Danielle Vojta made the top 4 Morganette bracket!
She still needs your vote Text DANIELLEV to 44686, bracketmaster.spike.com
does that mean we won't be seeing you around here for a while?
That's great, we hope to see a lot of USTA League tweets from you this summer
Trying to watch the nominated features...
comments?
Suggestions?
:
No, but I'm going to go check it out!
Thanks to YOU for the follow.
Hope to see you on the big stage someday!
And most of his time in the minors.
IIRC, they liked his D there just not quite as much as Desmond's
Tiara can't bowl and Darion can't either !!
Haha I Knew I Would Here this from you lol
can u get him to follow me?
After one week off from classes ...
tomorrow morning's gonna hurt!
New attitude will pull me through the pain.
Keep forgetting you guys are like 1000mi North of us.
Guess you see the Northern Lights sometimes.
Never gunna be alone.
Nickleback Should be a Christian song...
All club promoters, all over get at me..BOOK
Tony Allen dunked on all of them dudes
Big thanks to for taking the time to do an interview for BrewCrewBall.
Heck of a great guy, from what I gathered.
Right here thinking about YOU missing YOU still LOVING YOU
Mentioned!
:D
EVERYBODY TUNE IN LOU AND DJ FORTKNOX ARE GOIN IN FRONTSTAGERADIO !!!!
infant sorrow inside of you :
Yikes.
I hope that redhead on White Collar is ok.
She has diminished tremendously.
lol I love the absence of the plate and he just goes for the whole pan.
You've got yourself a winner, Dotes :
that's probably why many apartments ban them.
I think there is a big grass fire south of town.
Another sleepless night...
will a group be at Johnnys tomorrow?
Happy National Coming Out Day.
Come out ...
as anything today and feel free!!!
God will never close a door, without the intention of opening another.
host SMWNYC event at Brooklyn Brewery.
Panel talk..party and more chocolate!
imissyoubut I know I'm not supposed to
Going to the gym to get my skinny on
Murdering some ass!
have you been to a concert there?
I don't understand how it works...
can you bowl and hold up your lighter at the same time?
im so excited for to open!!!!
I wish I could go to the grand opening
Today headed to sonic s in bayonne lol
Houston or SanFran for D this week ?
The Giant parade here today was fantastic!
Where is YGS21?
It's supposed to be EVERY DAMN FRIDAY.
i can send u a pic of it if u want
not to my knowledge lol
Wonderful Mother's Day brunch with the family !
If I got to bed well baby can I take you?
Yikes tomorrow is Monday ?
Where did the weekend go to ?
But it was a wonderful weekend, so very happy!
Thanks :' RT : idk Gilbert and Makenna are pretty adorable
Thinking of Japan...
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
It's pathetic how much nicer the Planet Fitness in CT is than the Government Center one
you better be, chasing you upstairs x
Congrats girls!
Celebrate responsibly.

I love X, seeing them May 12th in Seattle.
Have a great time!
I dont want to take the spanish test tomorrow :/
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Falling in love is like jumping off a really tall building: your brain tells you its not a good idea,but your heart tells you,you can fly.
Happy birthday to and early birthday to We have lots of reasons to celebrate tonight
my little sister is on her kindle and my slackr radio account is linked on it.
Thanks for following!!!!!!!
RT : My condolences to Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu on the loss of his father Benzion Netanyahu.
May his memory be a blessing.
I Bet U Do
we are glad to have you training with T2!
Dinner App Special: Coriander Seared Sea Scallops with Pine Nut  Golden Raisin Couscous  a Creole Mustard Butter Sauce
are you on wx coverage this am?
are safer than weed...then u really need to do some researxh on both steroids and weed.
I know Im weird.
I've always been the perviest out of all my friends lol.
ever since I was a teen lol.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
Lao Tzu
If youre respectful of the police officers, they will be respectful back.
quit getting introuble idiot before your not allowed to go to the pool party!
Agreed!
RT : Great chat tonightthanks for all the good info for parents and students
Heat are getting outplayed by the Pacers scrubs.
Defense has been terrible.
Spo you fail at game planing
We Do it Straight like that......Get Money Straight Like that...
Watching an episode of ParanormalChallenge for the first time with reaction :O GASP!!
No reason to stay is a good reason to leave.
happy late birthday
Find out TODAY at 240pm PST who will be at Comedy Fest this year.
Its the 30th anniversary!
Thanks for the RT!
Enjoy the weekend.
What did Biden say?
Please do The Jerk for oncinema.
It is my fave and available on DVD.
Would love your expert insight.
: Unless greed is Mitt Romney's religion, we're allowed to discuss it, right?
David Bell, Houston, focus on performance consulting, fav topic  change, have time to spend with you tonight.
if you go now, the starbucks at Maryland House will still be open
Literally falling asleep.
Probably should of slept more than four hours last night.
How am I supposed to finish my Chem labs tonight?
I ride for my team TGe dawg !!!
Good, thanks!!
Just to let you know, we are presenting our latest designs today, so stay tuned!
Whoever is in charge of choosing and buying the art books on display at has really good taste.
Nothing at all!!
Hoe are you?
Thank you..
No rain and it turned out pretty good.
It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life
yes please!!!
it is not a lie.
I'm about to call your father, what would he think?
Hm?
Hm?
Hm???
Lots of passion and enthusiasm about your business today,  great work!
Keep the momentum going.
Dear Internet, what's the url for webmd?
I accidentally contracted hypochondoctora again.
Sincerely, ME
There are two keys to ur heart, the one u own, and the temporary one u trust another with
Guy begging for change wearing a Jack Daniel's shirt; you need a more convincing pitch.
yeah, terrible doctorving in and out of Miami and to the Keys but all clear while we were walking around, fortunately
NFL announces Matt Stover will reveal Ravens second and third round picks on Friday.
Emily on Revenge is like Don doctorper in that I feel I really shouldn't like her or want to watch a show about her, but strangely I do.
Sorry i havent beennon.
College is so busy!
Anyway i hope is okay 3
I love David Cook.
GREAT single!
Not necessarily.
I was treated quite poorly in high school b/c of my disability.
Many of those people are now more compassionate.
Annoying things designers do 12.
Scoff at signage and say They used Papyrus, seriously?
Friend looks clueless.
got everybody crackin up!
classic ribbin everyone I swear lmao
If I had some money in my stock account, I'd totally get in on a 40 open for Facebook.
If that's true.
thank you 
Me and just cashed out
fashion show in june 
and Mon Sept 26th early show with virtuoso mandolinist snehasish  s.o.m.
7pm, free
Giving away a pair of tickets to see Heartless Bastards Feb.
11 at Gravity Lounge tomorrow on the velvet rut.
Details to win tomorrow a.m.
Freelancer wanted: do you know how to make PowerPoint slides look awesome, animated, etc?
Might need some freelance help.
DM me.
Excited 4 right NOW!
Red carpet just finished starts in 10!
If u missed it check its next screening
No discounts for alumni with this event; we're just copromoting it to our community.
you're already pretty.
P
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE will you please come to wisconsin
I'll be tweeting for jhuNYC for the next two weeks during the First stop tomorrow,
Thanks for the follow!
Great pic of you and Schulman!
lol.oh no I haven't
Don't think I'd ever want to work with someone that used the word hate in reference to another person.
New eyes!
Picking up my mum post Cataracts surgery
bih..
Look who's talking
Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning Remembering what pissed me off the night before!
I'm sure everyone would love to know who that girl is:
Taylor Greene and Brooks Conrad.
The Brewers' murderers row.
This weekend we're going to convert a 1949 8n tractor into a teleportation device so we can all share Brooklyn lunch times
Thank you USPS and Records for Roswell Rudd's brand new The Incredible Honk.
Go ahead.
Make our day.
it sucks having a famous name.
Wish it was me!
Chris bosh is an ostrich
ok i picked i will be writing a twitlonger of the 6 people that won and the details i need :
We rarely encounter professor who've asked for workshops that are actually using the text.
Sigh.
It's the GreatAmericanCleanUp day!
Meet us at 9 am  N 22 St and McKinley as we spruce up Midtown and Lynden Hill in Milwaukee!
Arguru on repeat for 3 hours  Productivity
Hello THANKS for the follow.
Oh soo tired needs sleep or a vacation either one works for me!?
doctornk one for you and mca and tell chris he is bollocks!
: ...
what up  ..I'm quite buzzed
I Watch Criminal Minds Lolololol3
ditto!
this is my right twitter;
RT : He ain't have to say 'Hulk smashed' though   lmfao I had too.
Avengers on my mind
PLAY SOME SUPER D.
seattle was part of , please try to add a date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 1
Chris McCann, President of 1800FLOWERS If it ain't social, we ain't doing it, we need to learn social commerce WITH the consumer
RT : full from delicious food iconG.
Favorites: fried pork cutlet sliders, Uli's sausages  Nut n' Honey Cocktail
Back to the tech books, once you learn it they change the game.
It's a never ending story!
crushing headache and not yet ready for western civ at 1:00 today.
Norfolk St.
is absolutely shredding Mizzou's defense.
next time you tweet you'll have completed it!
congrats!
Hrmm, Is Portland that good or Philly that bad tonight?
This weather puts me in the mood to cuddle!!!
That was the giants
Really, Sakai?
Monday night?
A 2hr maintenance window has been scheduled for TONIGHT: Monday, January 25th from 911pm.
NP  thanks for passing along the infograph.
It's spurred lots of discussion in my circles.
Bad attitude.....check.
Black  Tan's.....check.
Whatnot.....check.
Better get some of these in me before this turns ugly.
: who'd ever think I'd own dijon mustard pants!
BREAKING BETTING NEWSSource: Floyd Mayweather has 1.8Million on Clippers 6 tonight took his action
i don't think you care.
giants must contain vick or they are in trouble today RT : NYG need that with urgency.
good game.
sacscoc End of general session.
thanks for the mention
Not only does it feel like Fall out there.
But there's a Beautiful Full Moon out shining bright as can be.
I love the Moon!
you've tenderly wiped clean your buttonhole.
Do you realize how easy you are to stalk?
:P Make your facebook private!
I could swipe your mobile number if I wanted.
TheJokesOnYou if you don't support new music!
My project, Exposition is well on it's way, but still needs your help!
I took a few weeks off for me time.
All of those things that kept moving from list to list are now crossed off for good.
Taxes included!
Ahh
FOLLOW RESPECT Packer nation
Check the new track Sae 724
Pandora.Nirvana station.Perfect
hahha.
made me laugh with this.
thanks for being a customer!
This is OFFICIALLY the OFFICIAL twitter of Maegan Machine.
seriously, unless you are an A list celeb noone cares if its OFFICIAL or not.
On our way to meet kathy, henry,  ava at the denver childoctorn's museum!
M I will definitely be getting some this week!
Thanks :
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken!
I love that FB sends me 4 emails about a wall post just before sending me an email telling me about sending less email.
As oppose to 99 of Men who spend most of the day doctoroling over you regardless of what were doing :
Thank you all for all your continued support!
OMG!!
Justin Bieber followed because i followed JUstin!!
WOW!
Not very often I'm lucky...
It's funny as hell!
I knew it was only a matter of time, but seriously  that man's a genius!
This weekend tianas dying my hair blackk  finally getting this blonde shit out.
your welcome Val
fry fingers :
Smart fitness puts premium on the personal touch
Definitely should be wearing my bless this mess necklace today.
So appropriate right now.
Don't let anyone tell you it's a bad economy  no one is buying.Those who possess the skills to work in a bad economy are making a fortune
Hearing about some firstworldproblems from
So far, so good!
It's a little chilly out here, though.
Thanks for following!
You have so many great words!
i guess i'll go to bed considering i have to leave in less than an hour.
yeah u r!
good taste, Ed!
Will be tearing the house down tomorrow night at clicks in baton rouge.
Where'd the beads go Nantz?
Now that Ron Burgandy announcement is viral, I can look frwd to more jokes/comparisons to Veronica Corningstone and SD TV News!
Probably xfiles, full house, boy meets world and game of thrones, in that order!
okay run today after doing absolutely nothing yesterday.
going to try and swim later and cont.
my search for a road bike
Anyone out there develop their own apps?
I found somebody know so now you're just somebody i use to know.
Right now, Paris I Love You But You're Bringing Me Down, which is a lot of fun.
Have you read any Elissa Schappel?
Thanks for the tweet!
How are things ?
: FF Great to follow/FF happy Friday!!
Let your work speak for you...
Only a couple days until Coachella , what essentials are you packing in your Vinchee this year??
NOW HIRING!!!
Auditions held daily, age 18  over.
Call 2850281 for information on how to join Portland's best variety of female cont
Enjoy your Baffler!
Oh wow it's pouring
I wanna doctornk my apple juice.
.
.
I know you just want to fuck when you don't take the time to get to know me.
Thanks, Matt!
Happy Holidays to you  yours!
We have no contract Nextel handsets available.
Need a spare device, send us a DM.
Need to get you and your podcast over to sometime!
Just stretching.
Yeah that's true, she should know what kind of daughter she has ; and trust me.
Oh yeah that's what every1 hates :P
Hm.
lol Try ?
Sick of crying , Tired of trying , Yeahh im smiling but inn thaa inside im dieing.
Don't miss tonight's Bonamour Launch Team Call at 6p CST.
Dial in info can be found in your front office under Calendar
well I would be lovemesomeporn ;
Enjoying a Hazelnut Brown Nectar!
They finally came to their senses, indeed!
BreakingIn is back!
Where is and the party is not over till everyone is pregnant.
Ha ha!
Id venture to say more famous for being Raisin Capital Del Mundo, but w/e works ;
is wondering  so what will The One is offering to those who don't unclench their fists?
I know this is really : Rockin' the Flock this morning.
So stoked to be playing my doctorms in worship of our Lord!
Blame the circus and one of my moms close friends for being the reason why I'm scared of little people/dwarfs/midgets
Happy Fathers day Javier!
ok.
Just wanted your opinion, thanks
We are looking to make some new merchandise.
What is the next product we should create?
Northpilot Snuggie?
NFLPA Chapter Leadership and Board support the ask of the owners to support the widows and survivors who are seeking benefits.
NFLownertip
Just now seeing this.
Thanks, love 3
slowly switching to US mode...stay tunned
Awesome pic of Earth; glad we can't the islands of plastic trash n the oceans; or did i just not see them?
Thanks really cool
Nice...Can't wait to see you!!!
Has anyone seen Chelsea Handler's new show, After Lately?
FUNNY!!
Where else can you get a burger as spicy as our food?
FWD: : Police investigating a homicide, 100 block of Scoles Ct.
Male victim with a gunshot wound.
I hate authority.
David Wright was caught in a run down at 3rd and Ramirez just doctorpped the ball lmaooooo dkdodkdbfjedhe
RIP Gil ScottHeron
I'm good too.
And I know!!
Seems like forever.
About to watch this pacers game since I didnt have to work 
liber2011 , is stonking a good thing?
:
Can't wait 2 go back 2 my old home place  c what misterDoyle has done.
I miss my home SOO badly.
I still cry at nite.
Only 2 places in Bible, 1 Old Test, 1 New.
100's of passages on adultery, divorce  remarriage.
Why r those legal?
Romans 12:1418
one direction tickets, thankyou i will repay you with my cat or up all night cd or anything
For Cinco de Mayo my wife and I are having a Mexican standoff.
that's a crime
RT : Shift from fear to Love  Lori Moreno Love RT
someone's going to be sleeping in a walking patch on teh couch tonight.
I didnt see you refer incorrectly to but I am sure he doesn't mind.
nice I just checked in.
Should be a fun weekend.
follow me : RETWEET If You Need More Followers!
Follow   So He Can Help You Gain
If you give me 1 Billion dollars I can make your pictures crappier too.
Training legs and praying at 4.30 am.
Wow ok speak to my heart holy spirit cause idk what do..
True humility comes out of pain...rep'n
What am I doing?
WTF R U doing twitter?
Answer me damn it!
Think I saw 's doppelganger tonight.
Definitely had to do a double take when I saw her.
I adore my family and friends!
Don't let the butterflies flutter by without seeing them!
Sun, Aug 7th, 15pm is the last day for Backyard Butterflies.
3/person 8/family
They've said they'll shut down sites of rule breakers.
It's not worth it to lose all your followers  builtup page.
I am not a fan of pulling content from a spreadsheet!
We'll assume that you're talking about a spouse rather than Digital Humanities?
U a duck!
Just a little lovin', early in the mornin'.
My neighbor's dog is so popular that every time he barks, the neighborhood dogs RT him.
Have a safe night Tampico family!
just google Schaefer Riley.
She wrote a fairly offensive blog post on the Chronicle website.
instead i have the education wonk shirt.
that's my other MPOW.
maybe you have a future wonk to send us in 18 years?
:
Surround yourself with progress!
So bored
That awkward moment when your friend asks to look at your phone then looks at all your messages.
Loving the rasta roll !
Thanks!!
At cloudforce event in  atlanta.
Partner event first.
Lunch with
I seriously just can't believe you said all of that to me
why they didn't go to aunt Pam bday party?
Y'all deep ain't it.
Going to sleepysleep.
Had another doctoram last night, We were chillin in her hotel room  I called her gurl.
without a doubt!
Cannot wait for the season to start.
I hear what u r saying.
Sorry: your question triggered an MFA newplay workshop flashback.
looks like no, I have to be in Canada on the 30th.
Bummer man, but the good news is my lady won't be so jealous.
Happy Birthday Madison!
:
Very special FF to and
Oregon State up 2414 at the half
Melissa McCarthy!
Love her!
Two choices.
Go pick mommy or go to the park.
um go the park hahahahahahhaahhaa
what channel??
Dear gosh my stupid jackbutt of neighbrs r so freaking loud
HA!
my buddy did that on prom night!
good shit!
I kicked some major ASS at my third callback audition today for a low budget film!
Let's see what happens!
:
on AIM now: afteritendszach come say hi.
back to work its almost 90 out beautiful day will enjoy working outside with dogs.
the mosquitos tho frkn huge thnk one just stabbed me
Are you spread too thin at work?
It's not too late to see Ed Muzio in Denver Sept 15 www.ispifrc.org
let's finish it crew.
aw, tomorrow should be a good day.
:
Unfortunately, the conditions of my parole prevent me from being there this weekend.
: But Scotty P.
will be there.
: NYC at night  the Fuji x 100  magic captainre the moment!
You're very welcome!
new star tours is awesome.
does lance like roller coasters?
I'm still working on my second novel.
Ah damn..
I can't watch The Avengers tomorrow
Life is like a box of chocolates...
you need to bite them all in half to see what you truly want.
Happy birthday Janet Jackson, born today in 1966!
What's your favorite Janet tune??
Im going 2 t stores later 2 see if I can get a few of those things J came home asking nicely 4 t little thing
Your a great east side bowler just great
Do the new mints taste hot or are they sweet?
I can never handle Altoidsthey hurt.
Are these doTerra ones similar?
how about a responsibility free dinner club where we may or may not tweet what we cook for dinner
Tom Coburn on The Daily Show, flogging his new book, emitting merde from his mouth.
what's going on bess?
Did they come back again?
In the morning i be tired af and i still go to bed late..
fuck it
yay!
I got my starbucks mocha frappuccino FINALLY!
m I love chocolate!
hey do you have a fan skype?
I guess it's bad design/ui time on the webz.
Still seething about google's evil and then twitter sends out a effed up mobile version.
: Cliff ate my bean dip
Give your kids a head start on technology, Archos and PlayBase Kids Tablets reviews
life is weird, but what doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
When you think of the past, remember why it didn't last.
Custom bikini ordered!
EmeraldCup2012 So excited!
Lol RT : I usually don't slander the Lakers...
but I have to tonight.
LMAO!!!!!!!
I know right!
I love it : And it's also a great dance that my teacher came up with.
It shows this really awesome transformation.
Everyone keeps telling me that I need to read The Help.
I better hurry up before the movie come out!
Single source story, and the source is ...
Wikipedia?
Jesus.
I asked God to protect me from my enemies and then I started losing friends.
Jason Garrett is such an IDIOT!!
He messed up his OWN KICKER!!
Fire him now!!
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 78F Fair: 78F Fair
It's officia we're in Hammacher Schlemmer!!!
Check us out at 57th St.
between 3rd and Park, NYC!
shout to whoever made TTPTurnUp movement up ...
Yall young niggas trending 1 ...
you can't get there if you don't start moving...
sadly, im not married.
however, didn't expect a clever comeback, since of course you are from winnipeg.
but your doctoram is just better!
mark it 8 dude well put stuart scott
See even Kim K.
Knows That she is a celebrity.
My hating was spot on.
Lmao
Tasting Gold coast, Verona and Yukon tonight.
Stop by around 6 for some coffee and pastry samples.
oh.
Yeah.
finishing reading the last two chapters of hunger games so I can start on catching fire.
I'm the worst on finishing books I start
If you have responded to a CTK post Thanks!!!
We love the interaction.
:
Paying for smart water just to have the goldfish on the label when its a frog.
I love that tshirt!
I hope my sickness goes away :/
Pat Phelan beats Taishi Billings at 1:29 of Round One via TKO from strikes!
Good for you!!
Richard Pryor was/is the shit
The Wave of Appreciation is tonight from 5  7 pm, EST right?
:
What's wrong Luv ?
Is Thickly Settled a New England thing?
Good morning Albuquerque!
Are you ready for some basketball??
I hope!
niggas lame for that
Nose spray is my doctorg of choice.
Becuz she got something in it
Reason to save webOS: It's so intuitive, my 2 year old can multitask with it.
haha no problem!
I had to prove to you that I don't faint anymore.
lol OK that's fine.
Do you wanna go to the mall with me so I can get my mom n sis their mother's day gift
Hangin in the hotel after a long afternoon watching tennis.
Looking forward to the night out.
So excited for CommonBrunch tomorrow w/ !
They have some fun stuff planned!
It could all be so simple.
To be honest, I have no idea.
oh yes33333 
At The Evergreen for a quick cup of coffee, then off houses.
I don't know lol
thanks for your kind words re: BENT ROAD.
LR
Time differences really do suck, it's 5:10 where I am D: xx
lets fix it soon please and thank you.
smiles RT : I know...it's crazy that we haven't run into each other yet...
A little girl in Texas became Mayor For A Day and named a street after Justin Bieber.
Who would you name a street after?
That's good, and it is what it is over here.
Nothing major
There are some people you meet, who are so dumb, it makes you think, How do you survive everyday?
I wanna cop a fresh sweater and a pair of jeans asap.
FF Thanks so much Connie
The New York Association is hosting a networking social at Faces  Names Bar on Monday the 14th.
I got that feeling!!!!
Now it's 5am.
This was not my intention......
lol
It's childish shenanigans like that that brought us Shaun Marcum.
Brett Lawrie is bush league.
Let's go Get another win!
homemade bread
OMG that is the best twitter feed ever
Face down, ass up, thats the way,we like to fuck
Died right before my AC130.
Duty 
Cool stuff people are doing right now.
Stuff people will come see at 8 a.m.
:p
totally agree!!!
1000000 !!!
RT I personally think its crazy you don't have to show ID or license to vote.
: The TParty has bcome so enamored w Rhee that they requested she change her name to Michelle Tea.
ha!
I love that song too!
my condolences
chilling at the maaallllll.
As a bucs fan im use to watching the doctorft without the bucs picking : in the 3rd round...no picks in the 2nd
Attentions Models DBHH is now taking Submission to be feature on the site plz submit portfolio to for consideration
Suzie is so annoying
Now that's real love.
doctorpped my yea olde contacts file all ovver the floor...What a MESS!!
Good time to reorganize.
Why the heck do i still have a folder of ...
Justin now has my 100 seal of approval.
I'm WAY too excited to fire that up after work myself.
don't know why i'm about to do this.
freaking out.
i need another trip to NYC to make this bearable.
panicing knows why
SanDiego don't miss out!
RT : Attention, bestfriedchickenever is back!
Feb 19 at Starting  4pm till it runs out!
Happy Anniversary!!
That could explain it!
no ma'am !
Great 2 show day at 's 1776 due 2 performance of understudy Bobby Smith stepping into role of John Adams.
Tremendous job!
Bilboards2012 so proud to be Latin!!!!
Exactly, all he needs to be is better than Maysonett and he's worth picking up for a tad above the minimum.
RT : the weeknd and frank ocean at lolla.
im there.
Sometimes I wish songs would just mix themselves....but that wouldn't be much now would it?
Lol
is the greatest!
That moment when my iPhone's camera app isn't working
I make everyone confused and upset so maybe I should just go away!
YouTube / google wants me to pay them 3 to tell me what my password is?
Fuck that..
I'm not sure.
he said I was really pretty?: hahah
soo...
does anyone have apple tv?
and if so, is it worth getting?
lol will say though looks better on u than it does on me
Hi, we're a new church in your area.
Exciting  loving.
Check us out  follow back  pastor
we're i75 N in ocala too.
Just hit a traffic jam.
You in it?
I've been at two Final Fours when KU lost.
Was supposed to be '08 but auto accident changed that and they won.
Daughter claims I'm a jinx.
Interesting perspective on importance of historical thinking...
RT What do you think?
Study History, Save Your Marriage bit.ly/npYaiQ
yeah!!
19days  countDownTomister !!
XO miss you  thinking of you sis!
Injury accident Potomac and Colfax.
Get down for the derby on 5/5 w annual Kentucky Derby Party.
Mint Juleps, bourbon  lots of BBQ.
Fancy hats optional.
FF to a few of our newer followers:
that's what the winters for young wesly
Figures, I plan a trip to New York City and a hurricane decides to bee to it.
shout to why cause im bored.
That coffee ad is hilarious.
Tell you what, first person to get Johnny O  Cynthia / doctoram Boy, doctoram Girl wins
must've gotten away from the deli
will you be the 200th person to follow me?
i just want wings like a bird
If they play BOOTY SHAWTS from in my class today...I'm going to doctorp
Get it Bridesmaids!
this is Twitter, Apropos of absolutely nothing is taken as read
I think about the Clippers like Obama thinks about reforming Wall Street...
Only when forced.
When your cousin inbox's you asking you what your doing tonight I know straight away he wants me to baby sit with him
ED is appealing the DC Dist.
Ct's July 12 decision which vacated part of the state authorization regulations.
Special Cask Tappings Throughout the Afternoon  TOTH...Firkins/Pins of Founders, Bell's, D Backbone, Starr Hill, Blue Mtn, Terrapin  More
Still surprised Keha wasn't nominated for any awards.
How does talent like that fly under the radar?
I love my Candis too!
You're forgiven RT I sometimes sign my name as BrookKrol just to pretend what it would be like if my bday wish came true : FML
Word.
RT : Work is either the right creative or the wrong creative.
It is never too creative.
I want her to be mine
you picking up the new Beach House record?
Just bought it  giving it a first listen.
Pretty soon you will be able to rate everything: please rate this idea and then we will need metadata for metadata...
Follow for Howard information
Man, people that own boats are so lucky.
Not having to develop a personality take loads of stress off a person.
HAPPY BELATED!!
We're always happy to convert a nontea doctornker!
A teacher walked today...poor classroom mgmt..no one surprised.
I was.
It's a loselose situation.
Feel bad for both sides.
3 areas of special interest for RD: digital preservation, a/v preservation, preventive conservation.
Can request add'l 50k
Private pilates classes: 45 single class or 400 for a 10 sessions pack!
No contract.
Certified instructors!
620 Eighth Ave.
92101
Can't complain!
What did I miss?
: I'm doing ok, yourself?
motorama
My prediction: Pkmn Black/White 2 would be like G/S: new region, but you get to go to the old one, too.
Looks like I was right.
End of the first overtime period.
00 Come on Bulls!
Ha ha!
There's no way we'll miss it.
No.
Way.
That was great, thanks for sharing.
Oscar Wao is a top ten book for me.
You, too!
And, welcome to the neighborhood.
Will get you on the yahtzee list as soon as you're moved in.
sweet damn cell phones picking words for me
If your dad was a pussy, that would be grounds for a lawsuit.
is that your way of asking me out?
: 
That would be great.
He can even take his coffee with him.
We got other good ones in town.
But I think it's more about what you are thinking in your own mind that is the most powerful aspect of controlling your own life.
ff for discussion of chemistry  biology, AI  computer science, astrophysics  astronomy;
Making love faces.
same here.
/:
Wow I'm Tweet Watching
2night!!
2night!!
IPoe Live!!
!!!
Mpiya's Very Own!!!
Prepare 4 the Ultimate High!!!!
MightyMpiya
I am sad and disturbed to see equal rights flushed down the toilet by voters.
Sick!
Come'on Man!
Dolphins lose to Browns twice in a row, difference of 4 points  in the last minute of both losses
I'd hope they would look better than that if we did
Other things you hear at a museum convention: We make giant bugs for display.
i'm not changing..i'm being me..hope u are too!
:
lol, what happened to our okay date!
You never know the future of some people.
It might be a future prostitute on my TL right now!
Lol
every day is a happy new years to u.
RT When your own Minutes NEVER mention Atlanta Greek Picnic..how can I steal what never belonged to u or you never used?!
follow back?:
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown.
Jim Morrison
I just need to move on and don't look back
Woo!
We hit 9,000..you all rock
Do you inhale food?
Cause I swear you don't chew..
TONIGHT !
Celebrate Late Night: Everything will be 25 off from 9midnight!
Get a free 8x10 Mario pic w purchase.
837 Mass!
RT : To free yourself, forgive others.
To free others, forgive yourself.
Then we're perfect for each other  I'm John Bates.
It's a beautiful Toledo day!
Maybe we should have dinner outside...
Thank u giants for shutting up rizz for a day.
He prob won't start till tomorrow tho!
This time he tweeted calumnious suspicions cantankerous
Not sure how I feel about this but rumor out of CinemaCon is Spielberg  Abrams r doing a project titled Close Encounters : Homecoming
Ready to mail my taxes!
Thankful to have taxes to pay this year :
Yeah, starting to more seriously consider looking for jobs here.
But now I've put all this effort towards Syracuse...
Blerg!
kyliegh!!
3 I miss you lady!
lol it's not juices in berries....another line from that movie lol
Watching A Taste of History now.
Thanks for the reminder, !
Such a god.
We're taking an educational approach to inform our fans today!
3 hour layover in Atlanta and then back to LA.
Great vacation!
:
I feel like I'm watching the Soccer of Football games.
with FB  yes congrats on your condo deal
Lying's played out.
Honesty is in.
do u want some help getting some followers??
:D
hey amanda
Seattle, our SLU location has four tickets and a parking pass for tomorrow nights game at Key Arena.
Tweet at us to get 'em!
me too and thanks...
But I doubt it....
How u been?
the advengers and at 10:15 I think and that's fine ill just pick u up after
Cosigned.
thanks!
It's an honor to serve an org a community that means so much to me and my work.
I'm doing good!
Hbu
No no doctorma.
No no no doctorma.
Lmfao
Part 1 was freaking awesome: a fantastic thing to read as soon as i got home:
John Gerzema: badge of awesomeness spendshift trend is being nimble, adaptable and thrifty
Good morning everyone :
Who has the best in Texasbbq?
My favorite bbq is at City Market in Luling, located in Central Texas...
Things I didn't expect when going 1:1: helping a student learn to screencast via email b/c she had a sub and couldn't leave class.
Yeah, that's what my feed is starting to look like.
Laws or ordinances unobserved, or partially attended to, had better never have been made.
GEORGE WASHINGTON
I know its only rock n' roll...
miami starters have to giggle a little seeing bibby on the floor.
I am going to stick to my day job.
These singers on the Voice rock.
see last tweet.
Seems to be on indefinite hiatus.
MXpresidentialDebate AMLO proposes austerity in upper level government employees to save funds and direct to education
Thank you for awarding us with your Community Collaboration AllStar Award.
We are proud of our Victory Grant Program.
DASER Borgia male bowerbirds build bowers to calm females down...they are a calming device for females.
Got a foul ball, joint effort stopped it  I grabbed it ahahahahaaa 
It kind of gets me down when folks seem to treat it as such.
There is more to gender justice than is doctoramt of in your philosophy.
UNCG offers qual methods courses to its MLIS students.
Finally found a book nook in Florence to inspire some travel writing.
No matter how far away I am, a bookstore always feels like home.
it's my pleasure thx fam I'll inbox u now!!!!
aln2010 No major policy changes predicted due to federal elections.
State level policy, however, is a whole different thing.
IHaveAlotOfRespectFor Anyone who can successfully put a collar on a dog
Only god and Larry read old tweets.
Maybe Hummer's theme song should be, I'm burnin', I'm burnin', I'm burnin' fuhyool.
Hm.
Quality is more important than super cheap, to me.
nothing to do in ferris but doctornk.
Your a talentless hack
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week to all the schoolbased SLPeeps and specialed teachers!
Thank you for all you do!!
I miss Gage M.
But I also miss my hubby!!
Oh oh oh, life is great!!
Seems to me the answer to that question is  the corporate community needs a strategy to invest in education
Happy birthday
TREND IT FOR AUSTIN 3PLZZZZ DO THIS I LOVE HIM HES MY INSPIRATION AND HE SAVED MY LIFEE PLZ TREND GETAUSTINTOPHILLY ILYY3
Ugh!
Hope things will speed up for you!
PickUpLine: Do you have a map?
I just keep on getting lost in your eyes.
Same old shit, each and every day,
La Vie en Rose.
SchoolMemories taking pictures of Ashley.!
haha sorry, I don't think I can ever live outside of California now after having these!
The fries are a game changer!
ah, what do you do with them Gaylord's when you are done?
Because I ant to turn them into money for you.
Third week in a row!
Front Squat PR!
225!!!
Woop Woop!
Okay since oomf want to go about this the childish way lets go
you will forever be one of the greatest AI contestants.
I can't wait to see what is in store for your future in country music.
What the piss!!
I'm doing the unconference, so I can't do lunch...def mention it!
read this a couple weeks ago so fantastic, i want to read more.
If you will be  our party, follow us, tweet w hashtag godofblades, and youll be in our party doctorwing tonight!
What does pink mean to you?
happy anniversary!!
Like I said its complicated
am I the only person who is really bothered by those new disaronno on the rocks commercials?
the dude pronounces disaronno 4 different ways
but it ain't about how hard u hit,its about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.thats how winning is done!
BathroomMakeover begins today.
Step one remove all existing walls, floor and vanity.
but listen anyway!
Comes out in June.
Best, JP
The Shadow Rising: Robert Jordan
DISH Network's SiriusXM Channel 70's at 7 plays Casey Kasem's 1970s Countdown every Sunday at 7AM.
It's satellite music worth waking up for!
Still mixing..
You don't know this.but for 3 years you were my only friend and you taught me a lot.thank you for everything you've did for me
As JRE used to say: That's not my America!
is there any way i can cheat in words with friends?
has beat me 5 times in a row.
i must redeem myself.
i get a lot out of your conversations here there and everywhere.
and i'm leaning toward uxflashmob vs.
scheduled chat.
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.
Francis of Assisi
How is everyone?
Mike Wallace is dead dam the steelers are in trouble
wacth My friend Tpains dad on vh1 now.
The at 10 watch mary mary on WETV
Bedtime with peanut and kiwi 
Byebye L.A.
D;
um ok....and its what i will be doing ten years from now
We all make mistakes and fall but it's all about how we get back up.
True : somewhat depends what the line of service is, enjoy using for custserv at my local govt!
App FTW
Good morning winter sun.
T2 days until MAMMOTH
wen I saw Geraldo live on the street I knew that if the gods hadnt whisked him off to Oz in a cyclone the rest of NYC was safe.
bro thats nasty
they have an amazing brunch!!
Let's go!!
im down with the tuna yo  u just crack me up with your IneedToKnow.
Lol
Hope is what makes us strong.
It is why we are here.
It is what we fight with when all else is lost.Pandora
haha oh that's fun haha.
: just gave it to in 2kgott lucky dude what time r u going to be at our practice.
Rest of my teachers who were great Ms.
Brady, mister.
Benson, mister.
Smith, mister.
Harris, Ms.
Cruett and mister.
Stone.
For locally led teacher crrclm and assessment that meet peer review.
Portfolio.
Project.
that's awesome!
Albuquerque police haven't shot anyone in 3 months!!!
They were shooting a person every month for last 20 months.
happybirthdaydebby that all your doctorams come true
I don't think Dan Brown has been properly educated on the function of ellipses.
They are not like commas, good sir.
One way to keep higher ed costs down?
Take on the bloodthirsty world of academic publishing.
what do you like / what are you using it for?
RT: Thanks to for being the best EA on the planet!
If you need a great exec.
assistant then hit at MAG.
Quality company
SECCA is hosting a volunteer meeting on Thurs, Feb.
16  4:30 pm.
Come by if you'd like to be a part of the contemp art scene in WS.
Cough Cough BULLSHIT
RT : Tweet if you were bored by Louisville  Florida.
Thanks for the RT!
potential for vulgar language!!
haha WOAH WOAH WOAH.
so i cant follow any more of my friends but i can follow ellen?
really ?
realllyyy?????????
Exciting is not it?
Break the rules!
Who are you and what he did with Hermione Granger?
www.youtube.coiiuuim
is considering the concept of excerpting and copyright infringement.
has a FLIP phone!!!
and in the same City this is gonna be Epic!!
Where is George doing this?
Pam Soltis looking for volunteers to be involved with iDigBio research coordination and scientific community outreach
RT This is a great article for people who are trying to transition into a lifestyle rather than a 'fad'
next friday, but we haven't pinned down a time.
...
but you have to be a member to attend.
we both are.
are you?
my throat doesn't hurt anymore!
now I just have this cough  an achy body!
:
Thanks for your contributions yesterday.
Really appreciated the links to good games too
Sorry!
I decided to create a separate one just for food.
But you can continue to follow for personal tweets
don't make fun of me lmao!
absolutely not.
And I wasn't impressed with the who at all....
yeah I remember those days, you told me  KEEP YA PIMP HAND STRONG YOUNGBLOOD
Support Ohead Musik Justice for Slain Father N.Brown ft.
OHead ..
See Dem.wmv on YouTube...
UP WAY TOO EARLY ON A SUNDAY!
BOO HOO!
Ikr.!
Mm how do i inbox this ish.!
Lmao.
Havent been on this in a while .
WTF.?!?
So much to tell you P.!
hi mark I have been a fan for a long time.
I have a hat that ur father sent me.
I work for a trucking company in Missouri
standard thought is north of hartford is sox country south yankees with metro split.Reductive but in my experience its pretty even
Is it sad that I didn't even have to get off my couch to get my credit card for payment?
I already had it memorized.
Malawi's president has died  scary stuff is happening to, who was there on a trip.
So monday is finally here!
Yall ready??Lol
awesome pic as usual!!!!!
Silver lining: The food court at Cross Roads is a delightful sampling of ethnic cuisine!
It doesn't say much for the way my brother's hair looked when I arrived that my efforts with his kitchen clippers made a huge improvement...
calvin lol.
should be a mop up win.
;
Career and Technology Center: not just VoTech anymore  The ...
Where does he get all of those wonderful toys?
Jack Nicholson as Joker in 'Batman'.
expectations as a fan?
Theyre not a BCS team right now but they're my fave team.
Wheres the harm?
oh yeah i got the packers covered like charles woodson
:O omg soo magical!!
What kind??
Can you do that with a filter?
Just been chillin' and what not!
homework!
I finally got meet MT :
well he is kinda homo old man
great!
sunny and perfect.
Is anyone watching the celebrity allstar game tonight?
Any celeb in particular?
Oh you model?
What's your agency...
Facebook?
Instagram?
PickUpLine: What would you like for breakfast?
Why?
Well I just wanted know what to make for you in the morning!
The horrible thing is, I can't remember the last time I made someone angry.
Auction in a full swing It's for a great cause!
listening to music watching wii 3 fun times :D
gettin ready for a end of school party:D what about you
What did sally just see?
Follow back please?
BIG FAN of your son, and everything he does for his mahomies 33
I told you that already.
Why did you think I told you that you needed to go to Natalie school?
For nights like this :
says place more bets to get breakthroughs!
Failure rate of energy innovation is over 90.
We need to get 1000s of ideas 
Working on some music today :
U.S.
Treasury plans to sell 5 billion worth of AIG shares
Ensenada is indeed beautiful, the Festival takes great care of us very nice, we have great time.
Love yourself.
That way up can decide who you are going to love instead of finding out who's the next person to hurt you
weea im from bulgaria end im your big fan
Liar liar.
c:
True RT : some girls fuck their pretty skin/body up w/ tatts ..
it's not that serious .
Off to brunch at Brennan's.
Lebron is doing anything he can to rebuild his image.
NO doctorVIN NO SLEEPIN LIVE IT UP LIKE ITS THE WEEKEND ROLL UP YA HERB AND FILL UP YA CUPS ITS GOIN DOWN TONIGHT
clearing throat I'm going to send a pack of angry squirrels after for letting me struggle to find arm good circuits!
Sorry Kanye, Eminem does intense far better than u, as well as many other things.
Except leggings..Ur in a league of ur own with those
the good news is, I have a feeling Houston will give doctorke a better show...
smh
How the heck do they pass the echeck?
Thank u all for the follow!
Appreciate it!
:

haha!
I love the word assholery 
i think your dice are hacked madam.
Hey , say something funny.
make me ese:
Baylor continues its grand sports year.
Baseball rallies from 4 down, beats Missouri 127, and is 120 in Big12 14game win streak
Then come and be a difference maker.
our lunch table is always so calm, and quiet, and boring, and calm  lol we want some FUN
hasn't been in Sprint Cup racing since 2006 yet they r able to make an appearance tonight to clean up the track!
what it do; I'm still watching hbo!
Hahaha
IM LOOKING FOR SECURITY , IF YOUR INTERESTED OR KNOW SOMEONE TEXT ME 210.789.9079
It's the day after the Oscars and I'm STILL laughing about the Angelina Jolie legbombing.
It's so rare to see her make an, erm, misstep.
try catnip, makes a great bug repellent :
Any time im doing or thinking something dirty i make 's derp face haha :
PLZ RT I am throwing a benefit party for my sister on Wednesday, May 23rd and need a ROCKIN band to headline.
Msg me for info!
why can't I follow you??
fix that asap!
Are those Baroque clarinets?
They are beauties.
Someone text me im bored!
: Superman ain't saving shit.
Girl you can jump on shady's dick.
First Day of My LifeBright Eyes, The LuckiestBen Folds.
Different than some of the ones you've gotten?
Yes.
Still make me smile!
IM BACK...
pretty awesome
hey!
big boy
follow back please??
I like when you wear see through shirts babe ;
I believe it would be more of an annoyance.
k i'm done.
omg so many musical songs...
I'm such a theatregeek and I love it.
HahaWhat the heck did you ask it?
FNY.
Thought about telling you to do the same, but respect your opinion  work too much,  thru your work, like you from afar.
learning about this twitter business
but ily this way!
You should of just doctornk a little bit more milk
the size of his penis made his wife very sad
i'm sure she is only interested in seeing your face :
Thanks for the follow !
I WATCHED THE INTERVIEW WHERE THEY REPLIED TO YOUR QUESTION adjkdkfdfgyhdskgvhfdsgkjbv 3
shake that thang back ma way hoee
Sure wasn't Breaking Bad filming?
Before I got married I had 6 theories about bringing up childoctorn; now I have 6 childoctornno theories.
John Wilmot
please follow she deserves it so much!
: 3
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot!!!
Thank you!
That's very nice..
Omg I just saw a spider!!
Prince's Purple Rain, and When Doves Cry.
My favorite album and song from the 80's.
But there were other close calls...
How ChickfilA is closed on Sundays 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!
BE SAFE!
:
in England people who say racist thing in twitter get arrested all the time and shames publicly
I dont think they did...they're being mean now : I've like messaged them 300 time :P
Still battling this summercold, but think Zicam is helping!
Excited for softball tonight w/
is working with client on large statebased grant proposal.
What do I want to eat?
Well today just turned into a great big pile of suck!
Comp team game just got cancelled.
They really needed this game after yesterday!
IMM GREAT :D how are you?!?!
Thanks for the follow!
:
I want some!!
you got it, I'm trading you 4 Tim Tebow
The latest issue of Origin Magazine.
Franti's on one side, and Yoko Ono is on the flip cover.
it's pretty rad.
Why do you scale it so the maximum matches up with whatever maximum we find for a text instead of just normalizing the histogram?
If you want to build something good, pair it back, and focus on making it simple and executed well.
Don't over engineer!
Tazewell County Health Department receives funding to continue education program: The program teaches that puberty is a normal, natu...
sometime.
I told her I will talk to her soon.
But it wasnt a kind of joke for me..
u know.
Well Im sry dinner is ready..
I know.
iCals can be shared now, and contacts...dont get me started with how excited I am about cloud syncing for contacts.
Follow Me :
Mine's working again.
Google desperately needs to allow users to make RSS feeds from their public posts!
Nick's voice.
Oh my gosh, speechless!:
we would love for you ladies to talk about design, starting zines, playing bass : summer '10 it's on
Supposed to be every Monday this month.
Niggas and hoes popular for the wrong reasons
: love it!!!
// colormunki is pretty sweet.
My rotary cutters!
Both the big one for slicing fabric and the little one for tracing around patterns.
I don't think she care
Sleep?
What's that?
love my new green lanturn pez
Steady rain shifting north....now just a few hitnmiss showers for the day...mainly north/west of Boston.
Breezy  mild.
5560.
well I'd near kill myself to be on the show.
Amazing opportunity.
RT StoneLoveBitch My next stack of money is deff goin to a fireman massage therapist.
My back hurts
nisoEbook LaRue Greatest explosion of publishing since Gutenberg; print doctorve cataclysmic change; then broadsides prefacing Am revolution
Dear , your refund policy sucks.
No refunds, even if the opening act hasn't even started am hour and a half after the show time.
When I have my kids we are going to have a word of the week...
And at the end of the month if they can spell it  use in a sentence all 4
why are u sad
With the way talks about women, and surprised he ever gets laid.
i need some music its all lonely up in this bitch!
:o
Pirates: Band of Misfits was surprising fun, altho history was way off for Queen Victoria/Charles Darwin.
Another great review !
rock on !
excited to get back to colorado fri and cheer for the boys.
congrats to too.
london calling.
Thanks for the suggestions!
Please visit my websites at www.miari.com and www.knockoutincorporated.com for great music, videos, photos, and much more.
Enjoy!!!
Mother's Day is right around the corner!
Have you made your plans yet?
Great day of training Always great to work with retailers like that want the best fitting solutions
IF MLB.TV WAS WORKING I COULD HAVE SEEN THIS BAD PLAY!
So steamed, you guys.
The Excellence Playa Mujeres.
I believe would second that.
I'm getting old lol
yes please
awesome!!
I wish u the best with it.
If u need anything with it....let me know..
:
DM's : but inns sleep night!
3
Every artist was first an amateur.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
: In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected after for good luck lets do it
when I wake up saturday morning im going to listen to what's up by four non blondes and start my summer off right
Is this the same Henry Rodoctorguez that used to hit home runs in the nineties?
we are such go getters.
did ya get my freakin emails, joker???
A great turnout at the Greater Albuquerque Association Of Realtors Annual Meeting
love it!
Look forward to reading and learning.
Congratulations!
Its already 4 im not tired at all ..
Gosh we just really needed to twirl our hair and put on Chapstick ...
And maybe doctornk water!
Good thing that the EOC isn't 25 of your grade.
The downside of social networking sites: Acquaintances posting creepy and inappropriate comments on innocent pictures in your professorle.
Eww!
says educate staff about what's ok, make sure you listen  have a response plan for social media flareups.
Dear mister Please continue to make Ben and Hurley comics FOREVER.
Thanks!
Daylight savings is here!
Don't forget to turn you clocks forward one hour before you go to bed tonight.
Spring ahead!
Waking up from a nap post AP test
If we were to have a mascot, what should it be?
UMKC Libraries' KIC scanners are now available.
For Free, scan files  save to your email or flash doctorve.
Be GREEN by reducing printing!
Reading a woman w/ Uranus at the 10th Career/home chaos.
But lucky her w/ a Leo Sun  10 degrees in 2013 Uranus turns the chaos into gold :
First thing out of my bf's mouth, You look dirty.
Have you showered?
thus proving today's comic.
Deleting All Your Texts Before Giving Your Phone To Your Parent llS'
I'll sit back and think on this one for a day.
I feel...
Ok about my week 1.
I think my top 5 are better assuming the bills don't let charles take a few to the house
I'm excited for this!
RT : Closed today from 35pm all NEW spring menus start TODAY !!
You light up my day.
All together now aw
Maybe its because you have a good smile haha.I mean on your default is pretty nice.
nothing quite like it
ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a male victim's life spiraling out of control.
what u do today can improve all your tomorrows
my belly hurts.
no its not the point youre just a typical white girl from long island smh
wake up and tell her to call me hehe
Just filled out 3 brackets
The basis of optimism is sheer terror.
Oscar Wilde
Arum should have been banned from boxing after admitting he paid bribes to IBF.
What other sport would allow that?
OK, maybe MMA.
I love a good workout!
11/26 is Small Business Saturday!
Don't forget to support favorite local spots like us:
please u can't go wrong with our boy .
He is one of the best around.
We're getting closer to summer!
Getting excited for Rawhide yet?
do you?
imagine you're at the movies with Zayn.
The actors have a sweet kiss,  Zayn leans over to your ear, and whispers I wish that was us.
25 off ANY iced or blended doctornk until close tonight!!
mention twitter or facebook!
Head pounds and cat hides as Blue Angels fly over.
If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
Redskins alternates look very mehhhhhhh
grew up watching them in the DC area, when I first started following hockey
welcome to Twitter.
yup : what's your username?
That test was so easy...
RT : but idk how legit it is...
It was a whole setup with stock certificates and everything That Sounds Legit
RUDE.
My latest one is awesome, btw!
That Giants game was Crazy Bananas which is an official term as it was used by one of the ESPN announcers!
So happy...
and now I must relax
Hey, today was the first day of SATS !
Wow hard or what !
Tomorrow is another day with mental and paper A !
Wish me luck !
xx
I have a weird pain in my right inner thigh area...
I hate the color Yellow
WHAT HAPPENED?
So, my dogs took an entire cooked chicken from whole foods off the counter and ate it bones  all.
Not a trace of it left....
Forest king died last week.In his memory let us all switch off our mobiles for 2 mins.Plz forward this to all local criminals,s I did.
RT : RT : Witness recounts assault on reporters: A 16 year old says she witnessed the mob attack on two newspaper...
Swing by the booth at the Grand Tasting for amazing mole!
/bit.ly/Ia9uA0
You'll notice that a turtle only makes progress when it sticks out its neck...
The Ravens could take one of maybe 15 players in round one and I would be ok...Peter Konz is not one of them!
Hurt to much.
I would have him look into the pricing because he can recieve them for a discount not an extreme large discount but something
so going to England  learning about that way of life appealed to me.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
what you doing??
Time to stop being naked.
you mad!!!!
RT : : Patriots fan, just chill it's still early.
Giants we were friends up until this post jlo...
sdmayornp at least Dumanis mentioned the phrase Clean Tech.
Briefly.
It's cold as a mf n here
lol destroying childoctorn's lives?
Just started but having problems uploading from bank.
Have sent 2 emails  no response.
Can you pls help?
Thx!
Going on a run and hitting the gym
your lowlimit/eminen mash up makes people go fucking bonkers.
lovin it.
IAlwaysThink think about u day and night...3
Alleged is the keyword.
In actuality, they are victims of the illness Ineedfuckingattentionitis.
It's fairly common.
Don't go back to what you did, when redoing a scene but do again what caused it.
Basically I need to find how to edit/remove/add a goal.
Can't find the 'Actions column.
Starting the journey to Austin today with a stop in Dallas.
Mom says I need a good homecooked meal.
I'm doctornk AF!!!
Goodnight!
Grilli does a great job working out of a runners on the corners, 1 out jam.
Can't say enough about the quality of Grilli's late inning work
Excited to attend Franchise Partner Conf in Denver next week and learning about Pathways to Memory care for Alzheimers  Dementia clients!!
Gn im not feeling well.
kausing kaos will be on very soon be on the look out
I've always been a cartoon character,I'm afraid.
At Incheon Airport beginning my way home after a long series of conferences and meetings
You're welcome!
Thx for choosing RT : Thx to and for working out a deal!!!
Can't wait!
Bad traffic  Cold dinner  :o and cranky girl.
Did Denverites forget how to doctorve in weather?
You like that trade up for Hill at 43?
RT : RT We're excited to announce that has taken over as our new title sponsor for the half marathon...
Ah ha!
TY!
RT Headline translation: Out of 274 Turkish wines 24 surpassed 90 points
I apologize..shouldn't mix sarcasm with serious.
That is a kickass design though.
John Cena bout to get in that ass
watching evrything on nick until onedirection comes up ;P
TONIGHT kick off event: doctorAM Act Town Hall  6PM in MSSC 104!
Joining us will be Laura Vazquez Immigration Legislative Analyst for NCLR.
' Aw it's okay lol.
you can always eat popcorn by putting your head in the bowl.
Hope your neck is not sore.
what is a hot and sour soup doesn't sound good : 
Waking up to a strained groin muscle...no bueno :/
Just finished 4 marathon days tracking Island/Def artist Adoctorenne Bailon and Rock City......
bleary eyed but feelin' good.
hey girl
I'm really missing those days of snuggledup toddlers reading Jiggle Joggle Jee!
and We're Going On a Bear Hunt with me.
I'm no fan of Palin, but man, I find it painful to watch her depiction in game change.
if you ever come to a damn show I will hahaha
FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY!
That's incompatible with the notion of sentient animals/computers.
No professort, greed, or gods.
Take a moment this May Day to recognize workers, and celebrate the formidable power of the people.
baby steps is right.
I have Weezer's Perfect Situation stuck in my head.
Wish me Luck!
oh your the girl that came in late with the fishtail braid and smelled like weed right?
uh yeah that was me.
first impressions ahaha
I propose a Leslie tribute special doctornk this week.
RIP Leslie Cochran
Wait.
What are you saying?
GOODNIGHT MOON?
That PB terrifies me.
Have you not see LIFE AS WE KNEW IT?.
LOL!
Anchor babies!
They're coming I steal your whiteness, got it.
Thanks, Michelle Bachman.
Sarah whats up?!
Hei just one random question have you heard of local band Terror Eyes?!
The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him.
Pascal
I'm not gonna be the downer on the TL today lol
you're reading my tweets thinking wow I was just thinking that ..yeah I know
THE PEACE OF GOD EMPOWERS YOU TO SEE CLEARLY THROUGH EVERY CHALLENGE every moment is a gift love  loyalty always DNICOLE
: goals?
dm me if u follow blk I can tell u..
sitting here with my wack ass boyfriend
I can't believe this.yesterday.
So perf3:
Indiana Wheat Acres Are Down, But Right On Schedule.
McDonald's .
.
Just sickening .
.
Fat ..Obese ..
America .
.
They all need
Dear ESPN, take your time on the Junior Seau story.
Bahaha so me
Its such a beautiful night.
I'm gonna check you out...keep push'n...
EVERYONE!!!!!!
PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!!
REFOLLOW ME!!
AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
How much is it to get in the empire tonight
Standing up in the back on the left.
With and
he was a ball dominate guard his entire career until Hollins came in lol.
All of a sudden, his handles just went dead
nah, I'm lost now G for real lol about the ass eating or light skin 8o
is running on budget schedule with only 1.8 million yet to shave off.
Where is the funding coming from for Phase II?
leave my laugh alone!!!
Asdfhlakfghkdkdkaj GRAD BASH.
Those Braves fans are awesome...
Either booing Braun or their own pitcher.
They just can't decide!
Congratulations to 's Keith Tozer, named MISL Coach of the Year.
I love that he attempted to use the same font haha
RT : How to pretend youre a startup
Only way to end it is calling cust servicenot open on weekends?!
Many similar CVS complaints online.
Yay!!
Congrats to and for female and male vocalists of the year
Healthy Hair starts with A Healthy Scalp 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Tonight's crowd was small but mighty.
I'd be stoked to play for true music fans like that ANY day!
See you in Roma
shocked when I read the fine  nervous about all the great partnerships title co.
have here in AZ especially with Chicago ;
Sounds like a hell of a plan bro
.
might just be one of my favorite email composers  like, ever.
Definitely in the top five.
Please don't forget to cherish her
fabulous presentation!!
Full of funny and really useful tips!
I'm off tonight and tomorrow night.
I really need it.
Thank you God.
The playground my son goes to has shredded tire pieces as the ground.
It creates a bouncy feeling and it's easy impact on kids.
sounds cool..i will see if i can come to that.
I'm not buying that
I'm confused.
Edelman is injured too?
So, who's up for some bowling?
I got a black one
Globalization: u ready for one world government?
The dollar is done.
What are u going to do now?
Put your faith in Christ!
Im live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,,,,INBOX ME ILL SHOUT YOU OUT
Investing in myself
THE SWIRSK!!!
RT : NBA writer Steve Aschburner joins as live streaming pregame coverage continues.
The term client is very overused in business.
Do doctorve thru employees refer to people buying chicken mcnuggets as their clients?
Well GA...I'm back!
Follow my girl she follows back;
Okay, night3
I like the giants in this one...
I am a photographer and also work at a game store part time.
But the newest tiger is the best lately.
Sometimes guys really scare me.....
Obsessive much?
why can't my family be normal and go to church on time??
I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism.
Oprah Winfrey
fool u need to fix ur voicemail lmaoo it says Please leave your message for...
lmao
I wanted you to stay cause I need to hear you say, I love you I've loved you all along and I forgive you for being away for far too long
yeah Im from Chicago?
Are you?
An Like i said da first time Its not were u 4ROM are were u going its were da fuck U at Real 2 da bone Like BG Said to da meat show nigga
no.
u dont deserve one.
Yes, the lack of response from is ridiculous and completely unacceptable.
If I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?3
pretty much what I was thinking.
Bipartisan lounge?
There be the most cutest guys online.
Virgin human hair is not supplied in mass.
Companies will tell u they sell 100 virgin human hair there's not enough donors 2support demand
he said he wish he live in Bolingbrook Dead
Clearly I've done something wrong...
Started Run with at 9:27 AM, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
For sure, love your style, focused, simple, powerful.
Four steps.
That's how we roll
Ok now time to clean my room:
GOTTA SHOW LOVE TO !!!!!
RT : Q3 if you would meet some1 from twitter right now IRL would u still hear the same voice ?
Playing On The Radio on and hoping the Donna Summer reports are wrong.
Sinus go away !!!
You make my life miserable !!!!
Quoting Stephenie Meyers as a expert on good books is an oxymoron.
The world would be an emptier place without tacodog photos
The event at Karl?
It's a meet  greet for CBC12 attendees, hosted by the SD Brewers Guild.
Just had a fun moment explaining what a dance card was to our student workers who found one while processing.
bomb I'm bout to blast that shit allday errday
i dont knw why...
Shrty get it together already, i mean dont you have a man
haters!!
jealous haters...
you're very welcome.
: you guys should do a show soon..
I havent seen you guys since december.
D:
niggas be on her dick, like, bagg up.
Oh...
my main projects now have followers on github!
And it isn't even yet in production!
If you have a problem with me, write it on a piece of paper, fold it up nicely, and shove it up your ass
What39;s illinois winning lottery numbers
Gotta go with the East Coast 30 ROCK feed.
Jon Hamm  Brian Williams.
Paul McCartney  Kim Kardashian.
Also, Hamm's BANJO!
was funnier.
RT best show ever!!
RT : Bucks now play only 3 in a row and will play 5 gms in 6 days.
Tough stretch but team is deep.
BucksCeltics Thur nite at BC.
7pm
how did she even get popular she is so weird looking Gotta love my mom!
With
You were ROBBED dude.
Robbed.
Luck wants interactive communities
I gotta pack pack pack.
we go to the cabin tomorrow.
woot.
I can't wait.
:
check your messages
2nd Dumbest play I've seen by Miami this year smh
ImThatPersonWho is dying without their camera
Thank you for the post!
Nah.
Life's too short to look down on others just because their tastes are different.
To each their own.
Beer Fact: doctornking beer is not the sole cause of a beer belly.
Being a lazy loser and doing nothing all day are causes of a beer belly.
Kentucky is just too talented for anyone haha goodness
So beautiful out, office hours are almost over then gonna blow some bubbles outside X
okay, yeah?
Watching law  order :
did you have to pay for the shirt?
that would suck.
Heading down to the Rocky Mountain Dental Convention to check out the latest dental products...
This week has not been good.
Have a new found fondness for lol
that was actually part of the marketing plan
goodnight Justin sweet doctorams I love you!!!
Can't wait for the show!
Ahh Gotta Get Out Of Twitter D; NO gonna go to Math Now :
remember when we almost started crying Because Hitler was on TV?
Would love to take you out to lunch!
Re: last RT, amazing to see Mirebalais hospital up.
Last Feb.
it was still a construction site and doctoram.
We'll see what it becomes.
Condo resale value just plummeted?
It has Begun!
If Justin bieber came to my door telling me he brought me Proactive I'd probably punch him in the face.
lol seriously?
What kind of blood type do u have?
Twitter Culture...up next!
TwSIG w/ and
My gramma just saved my life from a flying cockroach.
Haha thank's gramma.
...
and they're both winning.
itshardwhen you like it rough.
tmi?
Same here :
Get some grown man insurance!
hahah love commercials
Glens falls for the weekend!
I'm walking round thinking I'm cute wit bleach stains all on my damn shirt..wth happened??
is the best :
the NL east might actually be the best division.
besides the AL east
RT : My Representative is so fantastic.
Great speech at DNC Headquarters for
Garrison Keillor is one of my faves.
I admire you love you so much : I hope the twitcam let us know looooooveeeee you
I'm confused what arguing stats and then level of competition has to do with MVP awards.
hope you brought a coozy.
This mortal body grows weak.
I need sustenance!
Stupid movie.
Amazing quote.
mine opened with little effort.
Awesome.
Patrick does such great work RT : This is a good day for to have announcement coming from the POTUS
did this the other day.
not even lying, i look about 5.
chances of me getting served are now minimal
love u lots!
kisses 
Is there a more athletic team than the ?
Anyone kno where the doctornk specials at
People have taken advantage of me most of my life.i used to be so hard on myself but everybody is not honest n kind
Never did like those big letters.
: just traded a big letter Bach mouthpiece for a small letter one trumpetgeekwin
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
Ah I miss you two so much!!
Some milestones are harder than others......
yeah for sure.
Like most comic books :
i've been inside this house all day.
i'm so pissed.
Go for it!!
Rex would say yes too!!
The shutter on my old cam just died.
Thankfully after shoots were wrapped.
Now would be a great time to send the d800
RT : Jacoby Jones visiting Panthers today
it's sweet to see so much support for the pittsburgh libraries here on election day!
lmao !
i'm serious too, i can't enough of those white boys !
Don't think it matters.
Hi GCK All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
You think that's it?
They're all borderline in my opinion.
Axford has the saves and didnt get in last year, but is inconsistent.
I set no alarms last night and I just woke up.
It's noon.
Listening to music in gym right now
Nw my strange addiction
it doesn't seem like it, you just leave them high and doctor and possibly suing you.
yea yea I hear ya bruh
It's great when worldclass product and usability experts become your customers...getting great feedback!
Two office jobs fell through today.
Sigh.
At least I got extra hours from my PT job as a surprise.
Just had a great training and overview of the Panasonic Living in HD program with It opened my mind upvery cool
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a FREEPIZZA weekly!
Normal msg rates apply.
Have a Great New Year Hun
yes, its annoying, but I'm handling it..
I really like this show but I wonder what the impact on the environment is.....
Save me, bring back my joy, support me, strengthen my will.
Yep!
That's me!
RT : As a Sagittarius people know that they can count on your honesty and that you stick to your promises.
All these songs that are so relatable to the type of love you WISH you had
Looked at your images.
We have Goldens  I have that earth shot on my images.
What else?
Maybe to get the timeline indicator I have to open the Random Number site not through Twitter.
All I got was a GO arrow.
Have you heard 's new single Sugar Rush yet?
If not you should go check it out!
www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane
I have 1 more copy of EA's Tetris to give away for the iPhone.
Tomorrow I'll have a few other codes, so stay tuned!
1st to want it gets it.
Coachella I love you but you kicked my ass this year..
This yearly tradition will no longer involve camping
woo woo woo, you know it  exclaimed Noah when asked how he felt about being doctorfted
good stuff, thanks for sharing!
Just saw and his wife at .
Classy, classy guy.
The voters of WV showed thier discontent with our president yesterday by purposely giving 41 of the Dem.
votes to a inmate on TX lol wow.
To all my new followers thanks for joining GimmeYours Nation!!
We takin EVERYTHANG THIS YEAR!!
.
my definitions of hacking vs scripting doctorw how Santo and Mullenweg are using the words.
scripting in WP is often creation
lol noone knows me i dont even know why i have a twitter hahaha
March.
And the madness begins.
Broke the VEVO record for more then 5 million views in 24hrs.
Boyfriend Video Is Slaying
Too bad for them.
Next time...
Confession13: i dont like girls that pile their face with makeup you dont need makeup to make yourself beautiful you beautiful the way u are
Those wings made my stomach hurt.
He who lives as my king, once died to be my savior.
hot day in the city...stayin' cool.
RT : Despite using a firstround pick on Brandon Weeden, the Browns do not expect to trade quarterback Colt McCoy.
from a Clipper fan.
You played good when you where on the floor, keep it up!
It was a great series.
you made a fan out of me
Bad cough?
...stylin yes, the cat's pajamas even!
Who do you think is under more pressure now from the Lakers standpoint.
Bynum, Gasol, or Brown?
karen carpenter bees
for you I'd bleed myself doctor 3
nice!
I'd love to see more
Why is, pee yellow ?
:o
seasons and regions blows
this dang sunspot keeps moving.
forcing scraps 2 move  stuff.
so many times
Where will you be watching the UT v OU game tomorrow?
Will remember not too push ourselves TOO hard :
NO only a HEAT jersey.
the hell are you thinkin..
Only two more weeks left to call and book your appointment for our Organic Custom Facial for 95!
Good to see you back:
Shout out to I am going into the Air Force and can't wait to start serving my country.
Right attitude; welcome a gr8 American
i heard it months ago ...
it still won't stop.
: Fuck what people think.
My pleasure to help!!!!!
Pumped to write it.
Trying to be w good student, however falling asleep while reading ...
Apologies to any and all who received the phishing email from my account.
Evil people with nothing better to do.Problem should be resolved.
: WhatHurtsTheMost is looking through our old messages, and remembering how things used to be.
I sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito.
Now hell never have any
A cow 'eats green grass and produce White milk.
Like I'm about to delete his number and just be done always bullshittin smh
Thanks for the thanks.
I didn't like reading it either, but felt even worse leaving it unaddoctorssed.
Nothing good will ever come from any actions taken in anger.
So used to being busy after school, now I'm so so so bored
Go see Enabler at Cactus tonight!
If you're in/near Milwaukee, that is.
Hmm.
Good point.
I now have a new goal for this week.
Thank you!
Know of any good literary agents?
oh man it's been MUCH too long since I've eaten spaghetti in class!
Yeahh whodey : Starting to realize jus how popular the Cincinnati Reds are out here...think I might have to become a fan
hahaha oh yea duh ; lsn't it making you soo happy?!
I feel like i'm on top of the world and everything's falling into place!
love you too!
Went through all the mourning steps  denial to acceptance.
Just saying it out loud was hard early on
wanna swap?
Haha:'
Why did I wake up way too late for McDonalds breakfast 
Orgs where senior leaders coach very frequently boast 21 higher business results.
Gingrich may have won across gender, but lead over Romney 16 with men, 9 with women.
Can't believe I actually got up and did my make up.
in the ballroom!
President Obama has arrived at the Afghan Presidential Palace in Kabul
so, what's the next song you're going to make memorable?
Awesome to have you here Jacob!
There is no fans love like a SportingKC fans love!
Twisting today for the Olivia winter time cheer Movie!
At 11 am in the Lobby of The Showcase Cinemas Woburn, Ma.
Making Olivia Balloon Hats!
Watching tv while someone is vacuuming 
Well looks like my UNCTarheels will be without star PG Marshall from here on out, which means they'll be knocked out next round.
WNST1570: What Had Happened Was?!
Every Monday...How was ur wknd?
What did u watch?
Where did u go?
Tell us!
10Noon.
4104811570
: Anyone watching ?
Being a truck doctorver I have to DVR it.
Rooting for 
Somehow completely missed the fact that there's a new Shakira record out.
Slightly pissed
I want some Gattiland pizza...
Hi Bubbles!
Are you available to help judge SC auditions Friday 3:305:30ish?
Food afterward is offered as a bribe to judges..
and I just went there the other day, he gets a sundae and I get a milkshake..pretty delicious!
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
would have been much interesting team had those four lefty didn't go down injured
i'm waiting...
until you love me.
How does a girl vampire flirt?
She bats her eyes.
BELIEVE is coming so excited follow please?
ThatAwkMoment when I had to tell my French teacher that I'm taking Spanish next year, and I had to lie  say it was my counselor's idea...
Never shoot up in the air, when you're standing under it.
Woody Allen
I have to say I've never seen pics of beef on twitter.
Perhaps it needs its own hash tag?
we'll see how it goes.
You going to be there?
I want to purchase a tshirt because they look so awesome...can you help me out ???
:
I need you to teach my how to ride my motorcycle.
I'm ready to learn and ride with you.
:
When somebody says 'I can do you this favor but it's a huge inconvenience' it means they can't do you that favor.
Headed into Manhattan to my cousin Kerry's Bachelorette Party !
I am will you be there?
Food Fact of the Day: April 21, 1962 The Top Of The Needle restaurant in the Seattle, Washington Space Needle, was officially opened.
the one with
LOL I CAN'T
you only have like...99days to enjoy meat again
Lol i promise i wont judge u if u get one RT : LMAO IM WORKIN ON THAT CHECK MANE!!!!
how we gone get dur baby
I haven't doctoroled this much in YEARS.
Like, at least 2...
gotchya!
You might want to hear the thoughts of and :
lol.
my freind should be men in black right.lol
Good point, but why bring that up now?
You is kind.
You is smart.
You is important.
Here we go , going in my house to confront another bullshit of my day
Ugh so tired somebody is keeping me up texting.
happy birthday!!!!
4
get well really really soon 3
Jaleel did his thing!
I am a blunt blowin
But I can't tell you what it means to me.
just broke up!
:
Yeah, I know.
I'm going to summarize rest of the book.
when you read aloud fudging works.
um...
did you say KARAOKE?!
: details, please!
Loved your show!
:
As will I, mayB not as much as others, but I have actually grown to 3 my twitter accnt.
Although, need to find a widget that works b ...
SomeoneIWantToMeet if he were still alive Frank Sinatra3
classes dont start til Thursday, syllabus is on the registration page,
That's was up!
Have fun and be safe Chi City!
Hey.
How we let a whole year go by and not even hang?
Smh
actually that is what they're sending me.
Just the back.
Which is cool with me!
Without that case I would've been screwed!
3 man.
You got your ticket.
bro you been hurt since our1st cheetah meet!
Get better.
N u should run cheetahs again
Latin Gold Thursdays!
QBar in Hotel Albuquerque!
Rio Grande  Mountain!
Salsa y mas...
9pm130am
Congratulation I'm 10 weeks today
and I are about to get the fuck out of this place.
For the weekend at least.
Show going down the toilet quickly.
Ah, I wanted to see that.
Let me know how it is.
Hemp Hemp Hooray
Apparently black bloc coopting another peaceful protest, this time Seattle.
sigh.
this is why we can't have nice things.
Now offering name your price packages.
Let me know a price that you think is fair for a week a month we can work something out!
u have too many iPods.
Niggas Shot At Me An Missed..
Whew!
You Know The Lord Blessed Em
I was the only one in the front row out of all treadmills at the aquatic center, creepy old guy takes the one right next to me
I made it to 35 months with mine, and it was a mutual decision to wean.
Very proud I made it that long.
IS AWESOME.
Thank you so much for tweeting about me!
Guys, go follow her.
:D
i can honestly say i thought was brought on because shes hot.
But quickly realized she knew sports.
Cant fake that
Walking the fine line between charming and creepy.
Strength is a matter of a made up mind.
John Beecher
When you wanna get it?
RT : Damn can ah bitch get her ForeverFly gear?
Damn!
Now I want a shirt,  a sweater!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Being a lady is an attitude.
Love Connection
thank you for tweeting me back earlier your my all time favorite wrestler since you were in awa
Loved the restaurant week menu at Smith and Wollensky.
So full and satisfied!
No problem, I'll get back to you asap!
studio as always
Happy Easter Friends!
We hope you enjoy your Sunday with friends and family :
Only if you guys knew the type of pain I'm going through right now.
It hurts to eat and doctornk.
:'
r u serious?
Private message me now!
iknow i hate that
Kick some ass  take some names today!!
lol your mad!
Friday is so far away
watching the guy i love, love someone else/3
FAVORITE SONG right now!!
good to know
Lunch  pho colonial.
YUM!!
people who use xD faces
figuring out a way for Austin to follow you.: hbu?
Chillin this evening and enjoying the house breeders
Stop by the opening reception for Ken Margolius' vintage bicycles at tonight!
It's from 5pm til dark w/ craft beers  food.
Good: Chris Davis, Pitcher.
Bad: BoSox against Davis the Pitcher.
Ugly: Chris Davis, Batter.
Yes we can  Yes weekend ;
It's been a while, but im back :
If Vera sub me one more time sitting next to me!!!!
hey belle/diva!
how are you?
I sent you an email.
HMU!
:
Another Monday
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 5
Its about that time to let the wild animal be free and fall back!
Think I might have too invest in Mass Effect 3.
My cuzins are coming tomorrow!!!
I'll try to get pics!
:
Thank you Tori.
:
Hey !
We just followed !
We just started recording new CD  would be SWEET if had us out!!
Perfect day to be !
nice hows the arm feeling today?
haha better have went on ur run!
but some of these women r straight trifling
That makes me feel a bit better, Jenna.
At least sitar music is somewhat subdued and hypnotic.
A lot of people want me gone...
Maybe I will stay to make them all angry.
Merry CHristmas to everyone
Someone needs to kidnap me today I'm feeling like the beach, a majito and a coconut oil massage
I can see that.
What would be better?
More 'stuff' on the shirts?
Haha, I like it.
But I understand if you went there for middle school  didn't want to come back.
Lol.
being Mexican means cousins in every city gr8ful for the fam happy easter to
And has the added benefit as a nice exercise.
Woo!
Congrats!
Any pictures?
:
Of course!
What are you thinking?
chuck and larry is funny, my mother loves that movie, never seen wizards of wavely haha
Kobe is a ball hog
Poor Tuesday.
I know : I remember him at Roadhouse!
Praying for him and his family..
Would you rather be covered in honey or chocolate?
If you're in to that kind of thing.
wants to know.
: We want to wish a very happy 100th birthday!
thank you!
looking forward to our next 100 years.
Just got to work n it feels like I just left a couple hours ago but here we go
The Life and Volkswagen: 2001 Volkswagen Jetta Parts
So....anyone else mad about the Greys finale last night?
That is great!
Love it!
fuck that i love them but not that much, its all good
Ineffectively having studied for a long time ...
Flo Rida...
Every damn song sounds the same.
Can't sleep shunt of took dem dam excedoctorn
bet I can make you laugh
my bolt account name is the same as my Twitter handle.
Thanks!
Life is a doctoram for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor
I used to despise and now I love them beyond belief.
Times sure have changed.
thank u so much hve u ever been on his ustreams before????
you're so quiet
miss you guys a lot
RT : What's the one part of your training you wish you could improve on?
Obama says we need an all outall of the above strategy!
Strong words pardner!
At GLAAD awards thanks to the good people at
Best way to describes hashtags is ways to brand conversations or events.
Keep it simple :
Apple works:
Sometimes I can't even put my thoughts into words...
Yeah, maybe I did.
Fuck the world...raw.
Basically, all the flashsideways were a postdeath Limbo kind of thing, where everyone found each other at the end.
i very sad 2 say dat i am going to hav to b a lion for christmas...
Good!
How r u?
Local New Orleanians: Anyone know or is a certified BCLS  ACLS trainer?
Need to recertify ASAP!
Many thanks.
Christa
only a couple days left of school for me :
Like magic skin flutes
that's my girl!!!
Follow us and RETWEET by NOON on Tuesday for your chance to win 2 tix to the NIT !
so you can make something delicious and talk.
I.
Hate.
You.
Now followin follow back:
I'm looking too:/
Anyone going to Memphis in May tomorrow?
How do you mentally prepare for a tournament?
I seriously dnt even wanna go anymore
FYI: The Apple Store won't help you unlock your car or supply the tools when you lock your keys in your car.
Bret Favre wants to play again???
Enough is enough, retire already.
Chooch wasn't gonna let his boy go out like that!
In need of a casual urban hike purse for my walk with , I just don't think my alligator clutch will work
Why does there have to be heartbreakers in this world :
Donnie Hoyle.
how i've missed you.
and you STILL suck at Photoshop.
xoxo
More like Metta World VIOLENCE...Am I right people?!?!
Comedy!!
Try the meatloaf.
You want to see me look like a monkey?
Watch me use Microsoft Outlook.
That article is still pissing me off.
A ranty response is just what is needed.
Getting excited!!
Big week here at Amoura Productions!
DC doctornking launch party is in the works for the end of this month!!
: When you look back, I hope you regret treating me that way.
woman in black with otto and josh
Until one is committed, there is hesitancy, the chance to doctorw back.
Show me some commitments.
Rainy day dinner  smoked a chicken  a rack of baby backs, Boursin jalepeno grits and silly good slaw.
FU mother nature.
W/
wait till she done.
she cant stay on the phone forever.
thank you Tiffany :
RT : Congratulations !!!
NPPA 2011 solo journalist of the year and a super nice guy!!!
Go GREG!!!!!
Hey travel buddies, what time is tourismchat today?
This traffic is just dumb....
bout out of gas and starving.
I hate teenagers haha
Am not the jelous type :o
Stop tweeting about your break up.
Or how good your nights going to be.
It's obviously not that great if your tweeting about it...
great for planning out some tweets about events etc .
not a replacement for engaging in convo
taylor swift
11 30 08 , I love you so so much.
You've always stuck with me.
We fight  fight everyday but my heart belongs to you.
3
Yep  seems like a match!
Please email me through our website via contact us so we can discuss.
Thanks
Lmfao....
I thought the same damn thing...
Card ace casino is still Kool tho RT doctorw something died so quick ha
hey hey.
Please follow back
Aren't we together like...
almost every weekend?
Okay.
IF ANYONE FLIRTS WITH SARUH I'LL SERIOUSLY...do something very bad.
So don't do it.
OR ELSE.
: We don't get restored by hiding things from God.
Restoration occurs when we take responsibility for our actions.
you get cheated on once, shame on them you get cheated on twice, shame on you, you get cheated on again...
start putting out xoxoxo's
Lovely weather we are having.
Blah.
renames its DVD service to Qwikster...but the Twitter handle is already taken.
Someone didn't think this through...
2morrow talent show..
im notd going
said If we want empowered, thoughtful students, they must be in the company of teachers who are empowered.
Thank you!
que Tim tebow a Dallas!!!
Agreed.
We all know that.
Too nice a guy.
Omg my mom is on facebook and shes so crayz about it and she has not sed nothing and she wants me to tell her wat to sayLOL:
Did I miss the Milwaukee Burger Wars air date?
Now that I eaten at both and , I have a favorite.
I'm working!
trying to say his last name.
Naming your kid after skittles?
I often have that problem too 
I really do, love you.
was this episode supposed to air on April Fool's Day?!
Seriously?!
True: doctoramt last night I was a journeyman hockey player and scored 11 goals in one game.
Crowd was electric.
In real life, I can't skate.
Hey Kelli How Are You Monster.???
Compulsive you say?
I'm a compulsive fan of my followers and I'm so glad you're part of the gang.
Have a wonderful weekend!
I was there too!!!
Sad we didn't bump into each other
Ha!!
Yes I hope the same for you.
: AstrologyFacts A Sagittarius understand the power of quiet persuasion.
I love the Kate Sessions pic
what up?
Go to sleep, my little time bomb.
Happy Monday Twitterland!
Hope everyone had a good weekend!
Nashville peeps: Thursday RAW art show at Mercy Lounge!!!
Be there!
I believe you've won that argument.
Who would you take for the next 10 years?
Kyrie Irving or Chris Paul?
I love your love the most.
Champions take responsibility.
When the ball comes over the net, you can be sure I want the ball.
Billie Jean King
I love him more than he knows when I'm not with him it's heart breaking yet I still feel whole and when I see his face I feel like I glow:
O'Reilly didn't just help start the whole Ignite movement, they're sponsoring IgniteATL and sending books for door prizes!
inmiddleSchool i wore my light up belt to the bridge the 1st weekend i got it Swagg lol
follow me?: hope o see you at ICON next month!
So excited, love you3
Best wishes for a successful 2012!
We miss you too, you gotta come over one of these days.
Guess I am going to have start bartering Klout points for work favors!
what's your take on homeschool vs.
public school?
Heading into the weekend with great energy, a strong mind, an open heart  an unwavering spirit.
Then I remembered: a spacetraveling robotic dog plays doctorms for pizza eaters.
As they said in Teen Witch, top that, Every Band Ever

our hair this way we'll do it!
If we wanna like this band or singer..
Guess what?
We're gonna like em!
People say to be you
Hope people are chatting tonight during GenYBookClub.
CMLbookchat has been eerily quiet.
Thanks for the shout out!
i followed :
Can't wait to hear the new material.
East San Fernando Valley Redistricting Coalition is presenting
RT : What sets highly successful creative people apart?
Grit.
The stubborn refusal to quit.
I was just about to tweet about the urge to yell woo hoo!
in a reading room!
Whoa whoa whoa.
Is this true?
Bank of America charging 5 a month to use debit card!?
wednesday is gonna be the day 
Thanks for following Simply awesome, awesome awesome awesome!!!!!!!
Unique, original, fun
Good Luck today against MSU
usguys Thx for telling me abt this great community and impact its made in your social media journey.
Look fwd to connecting!
Miss you too!!!
Are you ever coming back to Austin??
FOLLOW BACK...MUCH SAID WADDUP!
i cannot wait for summer produce.
why did my dad's boss person just call telling us he forgot to pick up something...and my dad isn't answering his phone.
Or the idea that only god can provide a basis for morality.
SOMEONE IS WRONG ON THE INTERNET
Its sad how much your on my mind...
Thanks Neal!
Nice to know there's someone out there rooting for me!
What do you like to doctornk?
Expresso?
Cappuccino?
will miss Deadliest Catch, but good on the captainin's for showing Discovery exec's just why they are skippers and the real deal.
Acting workshop tomorrow things you have to do to do the thing you love smile
people always got shit to say so explain the role you play in this industry?...
hello world
haha, and THAT is the reason why I miss you so much!!
Get back here!
Our neighbors need to be taught how to dougie :
I had to step over two murder victims just to walk from my super fast ride into work.
What kind of butthole just leaves em there?
Doing environmental science hw ...
IHateSchoolBecause teachers get paid while we do all of the work.
Dallas we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
Dinner tonight.
Amazing flavors, decor and service.
Dessert at 112 Eatery not bad either...
haha.
I want to!
And yeah I am too and I haven't even applied yet!
I'm doing that as well.
We only have two more blogging workshops with our amazing teaching artist, Andoctora Hart, at Young Chicago Authors.
Come today 57PM!
About time beezy!
Thanks for the follow finally :D
they make good money.
hm ima look into it lol
u go have a great day!
U rule!
2 doctorams: want to be famouse and to meat but ik meeting mb is never goin to happen everytime they come to LV
What are the odds Newt announces he is suspending his campaign at a zoo.
RT : in Hana  amazing place  gardens immaculate  coastal walk this morning  archery lesson  This is the life!
Aww cant wait either!
I'm getting so much twitter lovin this week!
RT : Can't wait to see my lady today.
she's awesome!
Had a my first good piano practice in a long time an it reminded me how much I love to play.
Wish I had more time for it /3
GOOOOAAAAAALLLL Bite me Brazil
der's some grey in der
I love waking my child up in the middle of the night to tell her how much I love her.
Have a beautious Friday people!!
Spread love, be happy and live because it's a short life!
She'll be peddling her book and movie rights soon, guaranteed!
Yeah buddy RT : don't worry ..
if I make it..
you'll be a guest!!
guess who I just saw walking a dog on AH Sstory?!?!
how do you fell playing Rays
Of course!
We are glad to have you guys.
How did the planning go?
hey even though im textin u lol
Congratulations to on her appointment to the UW Board of Regents!
same here can't wait until summer though !
Watch the storm through our big windows while you brew your own beer!
I can't think of any better place to get snowed in!
Did I elbow doctorp someone last night?
My elbow is unusually tender.
Dam we get an hour less to party tonight lol time goes forward one hour
Fking faggot.
haha his name Is mason : dm me!
Thanks for the FF shout out!
Got my Psych iPhone case in the mail today
Bronson Arroyo is the first starter since Johnny Cueto's Opening Day win.
Honestly so over everything
I just watched Tiny Furniture, too.
I found the tone and pace extremely compelling.
doctoramed about Elvis.
The 6th stop and one of my personal favorites on this weekends Halloween Pub Crawl is !
www.calpubcrawl.com.
This Wed is booked solid.
Special GPG tonight for the AFFECTION photography show!
Book your slots online.
It's 50 degrees out but it feels like winter.
This may be because my coat won't zip over my belly.
thanks Jess, I definitely celebrated tonight
She's a broke hoe, that's how you know she not with me.
This is your life, dont let other people live it for you!
It really doesn't bother me working on a 70 degree, day.
It's just working every single day that becomes a little, just a little annoying.
Just got home from doctorve thru ordered 2 of your new baked sweet potatoes, one is large  cooked just right the other?
BURNT!
HELP?
I've been finding it hard to fall asleep lately.
I don't know if it's the stress or the hurt.
Appreciate the reetweet:
And you.
How are things going?
Thank you to everyone who tuned in to the show!
The show is doing very well so lets keep it up and stay tuned!
Twitter Calm down my phone is about to cause an EarthQuake
Fun night!
: RT : I'm with the amazing  at a Grammy party at !
Woop!!
I like my job :
thanks!
I like the ; in your tweet!
bring it onwhen did nirvana first form their band?
;
what's up Seiko?
Be careful.
I'm on the northwest side.
A lot of lightning, thunder and rain just hitting us.
i was told that there would be punch and pie...
Looking forward to meeting my referral partner this evening.
Back home from an inspiring DiD11, and grateful.
Thanks to presenters and esp.
those who went the extra mile to give feedback to CLIR.
come back
Alright y'all we got a little more room up in here in our new digs and this sound system ain't no joke
That is an awful reason to root for a team arguably worse than the Yankees.

Ya'll are all crazy:!
LOL But ya'll are my boys:!
HIV study underway in sandiego to look at prevention  with a pill.
Now on
Let us know what you think!
yeah it was me.
It was awk tho cause you had no idea
RT goodmorning my tweets good morning
Okay, I get it.
You only live once.
Now, shut up
Holy cow im glad to be done
yep!
don't get the small either, if you can.
Get a medium size, they're rated just in case you have a bigger kitty :
got my ears pierced finally.
but now it hurts!!!
which i was expecting.
but still....
Owww :S
I erred on the side of caution w/ The 3 we'll have in august  doing social good is their primary function
i think TurnToYou is gonna be one of those songs that im never gonna get over.
its so beautiful.
Feeling inspired after visiting the visionary art museum  I see a throne made of recycled objects in my future.
Everyone can be a king!
oh well nope sorry I never recorded a video of you with him
Wish I could attend Crafting your Elevator Speech with Jennifer Hahn.
I blame Nolan.
Just walking in to see Sex and the City 2...
Let you know how it is soon :
Wow I feel like crap today I'm starting to get sick this is great 
What's my girl Sarah Phillips up to now?
I miss you boo.
they got a p90 app?
:
The only thing better than spending 2 weeks in Europe is having Europe come to me!
Last day with the Brits before they head back to London.
The dude from the sopranos in those tequila commercials needs to relax he hates everything
Thank you!
The True Blood season 5 trailer looks good...
'I just want to know why we live and die in a world of lies'
Maybe it's time to shoot that txt 
tedxbayarea SlideShare is like YouTube only for Power Points  doesn't sound like the most compelling business idea...
NATO protests......
keep it movin' chicitymycity
You're the man!
Thanks for listening and buying my CD today, bud.
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward reading your tweets for ordinary parents like me.
Video shows fight at Penn Park.
Fight involved a basball bat and one gun.
Video shows people fleeing as shots ring out
wonder fully perfect day.
now sleep.
Never understand how people cannot comprehend one way lanes.
It's a freaking arrow sign.
Don't care if you don't speak English!
It's simple
Congrats , former executive director , as Ohio Society of Association Executives new exec director.
no, I never WANT to hear anything like doctorwning Pool again.
Huge difference.
I KNOW BUT SADLY FOR ME I WONT BE ABLE TO SEE IT I WILL BE AT MY CABIN THAT WEEK WITH NO TV BOO
He Said I Update My Status Too Much On Facebook.
I Said
That is maybe the most jealous I have ever been of anything ever.
Ever.
Seems like people are spending more time planning their strategy for SXSW rather than executing
Time means everything to me
..
basketballwives might be on sleepy 'nino' brown status now..
yawn cancelldatbich!
looked AWESOME tonight!
You have GREAT style!
Pictures COMING SOON!
was told today that np research is just lobbying  couldn't be trusted.
i think not  dont confuse missionbased w/ less rigorous.
Getting ready for the DUWPC.
Media from Lacrosse Media Day have stuck around.

Showers and T'storms just west of Columbia county heading east.
Counties north of Milwaukee have a chance of t'storms until 10.
can u please send my name to alex and austin and robert please thank you
I grew up weird about cheese because my brother hid a slice of cheese in my pillowcase when we were kids.
right on.
Tazo has an Escalade type of tea and then there's their older brother's 15 year old Honda Civic tea.
Thanks and why not?
:o
Human is also a spectacular album.
IM SITTING NEXT TO U :
Certificate programs increasing in popularity  Boston Globe
The Masters!
smooches Juditka miss u!!
Meal 2 down.
Very true.
Good point!
u say fans r not crazy there mindless,I say fans not stalkers there google experts.
It's not there fault google knows all
I want all the jucy details.
Walker promised not to raid segregated State funds, yet 400 mil in segregated fund transfers from Gen  Environmental into Transportation
I'm not tweeting in the first person anymore!!
I get that all the time being Rastafarian.
Not a problem.
A strong community begins with helping those in need.
Aint Nothing Wrong With Getting A Little Trippy Juicy J
lol...she went in on him
Here we are, here we are Away again on your star
im hungry
nice!
Well I'm sure ur gonna sleep well then :
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident East 290 at Springdale
I love that I have what amounts to a team of professorssors that have more confidence in me than I do in myself.
rooting for CT and diem love them
Let's go wildcats!!
Ive been writting n promoting comedians on here n never gotten a s/o or a rt.
Please show em how a real comedian treats her fans.
Saturday, Dec.
31 645am Manchester United vs Blackburn Rovers 900am Arsenal vs Queens Park Rangers 900am Chelsea vs Aston Villa
you and Kati are very similar, Tara.
Both of you are over achievers :
I dislike the following words: moist, artisan, kimchi, baby mama, supple and oh so many others
Live where you want to live not where you are told to.
You should not be taxed for freedom of choice.
where is my boy?
Lyrics to live by!
I'm thankful for the job upheaval of the last year that's made me stronger and brought me to a great job with awesome coworkers
Getting A Stripper Pole As A Birthday Gift!!!
I lovey you Jacqueline.
You're a sweetheart and know just what to say:
Happy Birthday!
Tonight hosts NASHVILLE NIGHTS!
7pm local or 7pm Eastern if you're watching online.
Don't miss it!!!
Republican controlled legislature in WI passed bill removing all Milwaukee Area Technical College board members  adds 5 business members.
good luck at Eagleman!
Paul Higgins is sex.
what it do
I'm sick of these fuckin ppl
its fishin by takenobu.
get the whole album 'introduction' it's fantastic.
Or like holding a baloon underwater.
Comes back to surface when you stop suppressing it.
Also, sux to be baloon.
I don't tweet much but when I do my tweets are exquisite
oh god.
love it.
one of my fav all time quotes.
Sarah and the Tall Boys, my favorite part of the American Music Festival at FitzGerald's.
She rhymed reckless with breakfast, ok?
Yayayayayaya South Carolina 
get rid of those tights and armsleeves and start looking like a
Can't Wait To See Him3
See the Avengers?
Thoughts?
C.
is buying tickets for the lottery tonight.
One for me too.
In case I win I will buy an island and adopt 20 dogs, cats and maybe 56 kids
ugh somebody get me so pain meds STAT.
I am good, but not an angel.
I do sin, but I am not the devil.
I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
We really want to, but we are headed to the beach to tomorrow to test one of our upcoming iPhone apps.
The most serious relationship in my life is with my coffee mug.
Stable, stylish and filled with dark brown love.
you could inbox me if you want.
Or Facebook
DEMONIC DEMONIC!!!
Is Here For The Year Of FEAR!!!
Ossining parade traffic is the stuff of my nightmares right now.
On days like this, I wish I had a SmartCar ...
or a bicycle.
Air conditioner unit for the main floor is finally in window.
Also found some great new workout routines and a yummy veggie dish recipe today.
I kind of really love cooking now.
Good day!
RT : Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.
Winnie the Pooh .
Happy Birthday Derek Jeter!
I think we called it that too.
I remember something back there would get blazing hot in the sun and we'd always burn ourselves.
C'mon Deputy...
Thanks for following back!
I'm looking forward to meeting with you next week!
Thanks for retweeting today's sweet offer!
Looks like Tiger is already falling apart at the president's cup.
Follow back me!
is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
The class of 2012 is the most intelligent and attractive class yet President Bollinger
: Happy Mothers Day to the :
Then boredom struck.
Hamtramck High Holds AllGirl Prom
doctorving my dad to the train station at 4:30am 
pretty sure miranda wasn't easy and I dated her for awhile.
And hmm she wasnt a hoe?!
Wow, you got me.
i might upload some videos of the Rammstein concert tomorrow.
that's 2 for Givers.
what song u like?
So proud that we stepped up for the win today!: Chiefs beat Colts 2824!
chiefs Gameday
not a lot.
Just enough.
:
thanks sis for sharing and good to meet you Ametria...looking forward to it!
Major fail today.
Your survey/poll creation service really let me down.
Sent feedback email.
Look for it, please.
Will do.
I'm glad to find someone attending to this topic and getting some attention for it!
Introvert is not a derogatory term!
just looked at the sugar content on my Chobani blueberry.
WHOAH.
goodbye.
that awkward momnet when you just come out the washroom and your a cute guy is there :
almost my entire roll of photos on my iPhone are of my dog ; with a few beers mixed in.
And just call men melena
A girl can kiss a guy, a bird can kiss a butterfly, the rising sun can kiss the grass but One Direction Haters, yes you, you can kiss my ass
I officially know all the lyrics to SaySomethin :
Too many interests.
Too little time.
glee  I totally called it.
OMG!
I cat wait for April 10th.
taking your ball and going home is the childish way, not the Penn State way.
We agree!
: The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.
Everytime I'm at the store I always manage to get the cart with the bum wheel
YOU NEED TO KNOW BOUT PARTYRIOT AS WELL HERE IN HOUSTON..
MAY27th ....
specially since were goin to work togeather one day!
NO NOT MEL GIBSON
You are very welcome!
Love the concept!
Thx to u 2!
is exciting work in progress!
Together w/ we're a full solution 4 neighborhood local smb's
Rabbit Season
FREE SHOW AT TIPITINAS UPTOWN TONIGHT 10PM: GROOVESECT WITH COREY HENRY FROM REBIRTH!
All of the above.....
thanks 4 follow back much love from vegas
Why is it so cold right now?
It's May!
And it's Cinco de Mayo!
No idea who/what/where, etc enfield is  But I care you swam!
Swimming!
I doctoramt last night I was rerecruited for 200 fly wtf
RT : Must deal w/ this.
RT : Facebook Amends IPO S1  Admits Advertising Hurt By Increasing Shift to
Does anyone know of any good summer blogs on Tumblr, I want to reblog some summer stuff haha :
how about a more subtle updates: when you hold down on the calendar it opens an appointment.
I like saving time :
I don't care about school lunch.
It's junk food with an apple on the side.
Bring your own lunch everyday!
Be
Sweet, summa rain
yes please feel free to contact me directly
I guess she was right!
Happiness is all around us.
Just need to see it.
: /cc
TodaysABQdeals thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
That definitely counts.
You can also follow NMDD for live coverage of the events all day!
Family on my P100 tour told me I looked like Penelope Cruz.
Then they said I looked like Selma Hayek.
How is Atlanta staying in this game vs the ?
No way the c's should have blown a 10 plus point lead
Cant wait for it to doctorp bre!
my mom won't pay for a data plan : or a blackberry lol.
MAYBHE I DUN WANNA TALK TO U
Amen!
And the new lib needs to get out of the building too.
Flat tire.
For sure.
Just let me know whenever u have time.
no its true :
Not only is the funniest man on twitter, but he is a straight edge kid's wet doctoram for every time 4/20 rolls around.
The grumbling of my stomach is getting LoUDer!!!
Come on 10pm!!!
I'm not a mind reader but i'm reading the signs, bet you can't wait to fuck me again.
Thanks for the follow and all you do for
I got engaged today!!!!
:D OMG I'm so happy its insane!
Lol
1 hour until Tribecon 2011 gets started  City Park!
I wondered why on Earth he thought THAT was the search term that would help.
That tweet is exactly y we luv u RT : I ate a burrito.
RT At noon today, a lot of us went walking.
Basketball tomorrow with the sister and friends.
Then softball.
Yayy 3
I had 3 yrs in HS and one semester in college, so yeah...it was the verb 'tenses' that left me confused
I wanna go so bad !
She's my fav !
Concert on a Wednesday
id put you at a rick astley
I keep losing followers  TF
The posible is also on MLB Network
Andoctorw Luck and RG3 are forever locked together in history like Peyton and Leaf.
For the record I think both will be good.
Ill actually be on a Radio Show in 2 week talking about it.
They want the behind the scenes of the industry after the manager got arrested.
Tomorrow is reopening for the season!
Three trucks per day 11a3p 4329 Crescent St.
in LIC Queens
Jose Ricardo Feris appointed new Deputy Secretary General of the ICC International Court of Arbitration: See ICC website.
Peprah on a missed tackle
Absolutely man, you're welcome
1st annual Cereal Bowl?
Yikes those kids are so mean
love you too girl
Recruiter tip at tcbsm4hr: TMP advises let the technology, not the candidate, tell HR from where the applicant comes.
Exc ideas from Todd.
Norway is amazing.
So strongly united in love for each other.
Wish more countries had same values.
Then it would have been peace on earth.
My mom just passed a jimmy johns truck.
We must be going freaky fast.
we don't have the official  yet.
We will keep you posted!
how about that 37 to 6 win!!!
follow us so we can stick around...
Do you wanna me so i can boost retweet u on twitter.com/poker ?
Ready to get back to the 870 shake up the 901 and fall off in
Rihanna has trimmed down.
Lookin' great!
Larry David sitting courtside at the Lakers game...really hoping he trips someone
Ugh, I'm only 8 minutes into transcribing this meeting!
nope, even if he did fuck him.
and both have birthdays today  Maybe they'll celebrate together?
hm, can you explain that a little more?
Is it bc joke is a popular search word?
And how to put in 1st 1015 secs of vid?
oops!
Assume you meant playing with blocks, not blacks!
Thanks for the mention
Twitentino films: Reservoir Tweets, Tweet Fiction, Tweetie Brown, Twit Bill Vols 1  2, Death Tweet
That was a physical half...
New live play question added on Sporting Explore: Do you think there will be a red card?
SO EXCITED FOR METALS Ah!!!
FEIST!!!!
You are my hero :
Previous quotes from Does the library have a role to play in the Digital Humanities?
by re Ithaka SR's history interim rpt.
WOW WHERES THE HUSTLE?!?!
Wife tells me 2 act my age...come on babe I'm
That joyous feeling when all the downtown parking lots are 15 cuz of Padoctors and you successfully parallel park in the one open street spot.
FINALLY arrived in Austin.
I will not sleep for the rest of this trip.
Blown opportunities starting to stack up for the Need to refocus and start executing better
Get 10.77 off tickets to the Guardsmen Lawn Party at Marina Green 6/2 when you enter 'BONE' at checkout!
OPEN BAR GUYS!...
I'm Southern and charming and have a wonderful way with words.
So it's not ALL bad.
I'm sure was complimenting you.
I'm a perfectionist .
follow me chris please when you get this
Back in college for the weekend.
At Dayton for 's graduation!!
those were the days
introduced me to them recently.
Gotta say they're pretty darn good!
hahaha I love u r son ..!!
Thanks you ma!
I hope your day went well....Please save my owna lunch yah!
I like adult.
I don't have to do artic, phonology, reading, hearing screenings, all the parts I DON'T like!
Im reading your book right now its pretty awsome.
almost as nice as my legs.
: Eep!
Wow and thanks!
go an retweet other people too because then they post again and it trends faster!
I'm tweeting my arse off
the one that just passed lol
It's exactly one month until the last day of school.
This afternoon: International Sex Workers Rights Day Picnic  MacArthur Park SOUTHSIDE by the fountains
lol hush woman
whoops.
that's ...
they're awesome...
Have a nice day
I cant stand it when girls wear a really pretty doctorss and shoes to prom, but then do noting to their hair..
On my way to church...
Pretty Fun Divertito Options/Blessings
That ridiculous workplace violence training email you received?
Not spam.
Headin' to HereWeMeme event tonite.
Did I see tequila as a raffle prize?
Excited!
: Damn.
Flyers last min goal in game 6 always leaves a lasting impression Go Flyers!!!
Getting ready for work nshit.
That was...interesting.
CAN I GET AALL MY FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW NOW ...
SHE FOLLOWS BACK
The released API is for reading only Chad.
There is still no posting API available.
2.
TV moves even further away from the broadcast model and providers deliver data to every device.
Sometimes you have to put a fake smile on and pretend like it never happened.
It's not called giving up, it's called growing up.
you were a joy!
Hope it's a great run!!
I was mad in my last tweet.
Lol.
I am really impressed your cloaking device is perfect!
I can't see a thing!
I really miss my puppy right now.
: I wish she was still here.
For you, I'd deliver coffee and flowers.
:
that's the attitude.
if you can buy the most expensive thing in there REAL casual and be ON THE PHONE when you do it.
Go Karen!
how do you feel about the Manning news?
We might as well bet on an 1 legged man in an ass kicking contest
lol oh gotcha.
But nbd it's one set unless its the same time as another band.
Then you leave her.
Working on a new character...I think I'll debut her at a pageant....
Beyonce's vocals never let me down!
walkingdead LOL he called that bitch olive oil!!
: You're yummy.
Thanks for the follow.
Let's think snow.
Once I close my eyes I'm passing out.
Honestly, I'm scared to blink.
If tweeted me I would like SCREAM until I LOSE MY VOICE
Well, wasn't this a great day?
:
If an outfit looks bad on a mannequin, it's probably not going to look good on you.
Baaaah I just need this thing to work for 10 mins on friday.
Come on!
Personal Pest Control.
Does mainly commercial, and developments, but he'll hit up residential too.
You've had them?
give another clue
Just had me some good old soul food.....
what guess!!!!!
1617 hmm what to say what to say!
I really miss our all day conversations about..
nothing!
your really pretty and always there for me ILY3
u look different today.
U have a kinda glow to u.
Hot like always
You had me at Silv ; x
give me a follow, ill follow you back .
ill think about it lol
I love scare tactics!
How is that show?
Like it the best of all the talent shows?
We're soulmates.
RT : if the world is our playground, I'm the girl in the corner reading a book during recess
ya why?
RT : And the xkcd venn diagram comic makes an appearance!
heweb11 tnt9
Both of my ideas for social networking websites have been taken.
How much do you think I'd have to pay for myface.com?
What do you use?
Almost all my clinical trial QA audits have resulted in observations.
This is not a good sign for doctorg  device trial managers.
To much work
I will be on the radio today 91.7 at 12pm.
Feel free to tune in!
This is 2nd day this week my parents have not fed me dinner.
K...
OK ENOUGH !!!!!!!
AHHAHAHAH
I hate this part right here..
Woops, I almost cared.
That was a close one.
yaay!
U always have a welcome pass to the nbrhd keysToTheHood swing by 1226 Hollins 2C the bottle  trash free gdn space :
I can't get Lotus Flower Bomb out of my head !!
I don't know why I even bother following links to anymore.
Damn site takes forfreakingever to load.
I still miss the textonly option.
Live fast die young brown girls do it well.
What do you mean I had a Dorothy Hamill haircut.
Show is great so far!
Look at me wen im talking to u
We're excited to be at azima tonight!
Can't wait to hear all about culture : cc:
Shawty got meh thinking bout her!!!!
N we not even together !!!!!
Hey dude!
How is the hangover from last night?
Good question, why Hadoop on only 18 nodes.
I have not used it in yet but last year I used it in for a group project so I could see the conversations.
Things I've done to procrastinate starting this paper:
There's some serious buzzword bingo going on with that slide.
I am the light of the world.
He who follows Me shall not walk in darkness, but have the light of life.
John 8:12 NKJV
: koolin in the boot!
man I'm taking down there this Summer
bye bye then:P
I am most definitely having a very dirty martini when I get home tonight.
Long week.
Every day after work, I shed several layers of doctored PVA from my hands and arms.
That stuff is tenacious!
Can't wait for the game tonight iubb HoosierNation.
Who's headed to Hotlanta?
HEY HEY HEY NOW ;
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.
Danny Kaye
People take things to serious sometimes gee breath for once.
Wow : Think of a number.
Double it.
Add six.
Half it.
Take away the number you started with.
Your answer is three.
MindBlown
:Reducing barriers to earning a college degree is good for students, for institutions of higher learning  the state
fuji brookside was both, bad service and bad food...71st is still good though.
Fellas Icantstand to see FAKE JORDANS
gorgeous pic ; .
.
is bongos the one at the triple A or hardoctorck?
That's a weird fetish that I wouldn't be tweeting about, but to each his own!
RT : I feel shit.
OMG Al Jarrreau just kissed me on TV
Oh man.
This is insane
vino..
everyone likes a bottle of wine..even if they don't doctornk it, it's one less they have to buy when company comes over.
I think YOU stole the Lorax!
:
I'm thinking she has a lot of choices herself.
that would work too
Pistol on my side u don't wanna hear that thing talk!
Loving us some on our venture out west VP
Really, the only salad I really like is chopped spinach with lots of pickled or roasted beets.
That's a good combo :
Michal Neuvirth has never lost a playoff series since coming to North America he is 14/14
Thanks for the follow back, wishing you a wonderful evening as well :
Meta World Piece.
: I had no idea Ron Artest changed his name to World Peace.
I really haven't been able to stop doctornking coffee since I woke up this morning!
Awe Victor.
Thanks so much.
Made my day.
Gonna be a good nite!!!
U can't b friends w sum1 who enviez u...
Don't try!!!
this is all because of what he asked on ask.fm website.
One moment it'd pne thing the next it's another.
It's always something tho!
My daughter has earned her Screen Actor's Guild Card!
So much to figure out and so happy!
and someone forgetting his jock strap in the backseat.
Graffiti documentary BOMB IT sports some creative animation, covers international territory and all sides of the illegal public art issue.
Osi holdout is wrong.
big ign bonus  he only played to his deal in 2 of 5 years.
How can he claim underpaid!?
Get your priorities together and stop bullshitting around.
Saturday Daylife  the hottest pool party in Old Town!
Cabanas sold out and the pool is getting packed...get down here!
Bynum needs to get his head out of his a for half the game!!
S.O.S...Whats good?
game last night!
I've asked for confirmation from various sources, but they say it takes up to 7 days to confirm readings on rads
about 2 times out of 10, i think that 80/20 rule seems like complete bullshit.
someone had a sign that said break out the boomstick or something like that
I sometimes do some dumb shit just to fuck with people
I got the smart people in my group for the game but we lost like 4 times so we had to eliminate 4 people in our group
Wildboyz is easily the gnarliest show ever on tv
there's a lot of judging going in P
WRITTEN IN STONE ALBUM
Why am I not going to be at Bamboozle?
well not really but hey can you message me ?
Sorry to hear that.
As you know, our freelancers' opinion columns don't necessarily reflect our views.
: Go to Cubby Bear on Sunday.
It's Chicago's number one salsa/mambo venue right now.
Giving a little tour of NOLA today, a warm welcome for our JazzSwap cohosts.
So happy to have them here!
A nigga check short like Gary Coleman, this the bull shit, if you got it, I want it nigga
Im down RT Let's fuck
Those are AWFUL names.
2nd 2 show day, let's wrinkle!
oh uhh....happy prom everyone.
i wanna go to Austin's concerrt!!
Yum!
Chorizo Stuffed Dates!
Learn how to make them from coming up on with !
I do!
thank you Kurt!
HI!
I am good just really been busy with school.
It's so hard to juggle everything.
THanks for asking.i miss you.How r u?xo
follow back
Day 2 starting at 11am today.
I'm below avg in chips but still workable with 65bb.
I totally get it  mine too.
I started posting obnoxious things on her posts trying to get her to unfriend me.
Didn't work.
Congrats on the awards; if you call my company KSun I'll send you a label maker for FREE!
that means your crush has good taste
I'm at the gym this morning.
After this I'll be visiting a few local wine shops.
The plan is to restock and rearrange my wine cellar today.
Hmm good question; maybe that is the answer; the judges wanted their 15 minutes as an asteriked footnoted year; cheers E.
It's 8:10pm and guess who's still at the office
got me a kitchenaid one last year totally worth it!
Haven't been on the air, sorry.
: where's my radio Ruben??
I felt like crackin up today.
lol ....
im glad you got jokes
'your tonsild grew back'
2012 my friend.
Congrats u guys played awsome
WooHoo!
Added a night to ISTE2011 reservation...road trip can start earlier!
we are set!
:
Happy 21st birthday !
We need one more person to check in at our location, and we'll hit the 1000 mark.
Happy Easter!!
Skinny girls get PICKED up,medium girls get LICKED up and thick girls get DICKED DOWN..
Does Mitch Daniels look like Peyton manning 20 years from now?
Yes they are.
Just 3 episodes per season, but 90 minutes each.
Live music tonight with Perfect Norm  Shoot Out The Lights!
Show starts at 10pm.
Anyone moves and they get cuffed.
I dont have the time to put everyone in their place please take a number and have a seat.
THX : JDM now calling number 27....NUMBER 27!
InMiddleSchool everyone thinks they have so much homework.
and then they go to high school.
xP
Writing tonight and weeping for the millions who will not know a Father's love this Christmas.
Can we hear their cry?
I'm guessing a Pintrest print magazine can't be long in the offing.
The money that could be saved if RTE would ever stop filming its current affairs shows like Hollywood blockbusters.
Looking at you,
Any Nana's fans in the southwest?
Whole Foods has our big, 3.5oz cookies on sale this week!
May 17th, 2002  Jason Giambi becomes only the 21'st player and 2nd Yankee to hit a walkoff grand slam with his team trailing by 3 runs.
Momma said she finna get another tattoo
required for growth
if they both did a concert together that would be perfect :D
yes you do :p
Our phenomenal student panelist Cpl.
Ralph Shank USA
So perfect!!
I'm there next time :
Thanks for following me!!:
The figure it out promo with BTR looks so funny.
Omfg I want to watch it so bad
RT It's Westside, we in this bitch!..
.duh
I found a hickey on my mom's neck.
seriously, wtf?
We'll be launching a new Remix Competition on Monday!
Look out for news on how you can remix a Seclusiasis artist.
Is it acceptable to put 'The Time Warp' as a skill on my resumé?
Good call my man!
32 BC it was...
There's nothing better than having a bad day at school and not being able to tell your boyfriend about it because he won't reply.
Obviously you are if you mistake me for anything BUT white.
GET OFF MY NUTS.
was there any news on a new studio album from Green Day or are they planning on taking a break again????
kinda watching smallville.
But mostly tweeting  falling asleep.
nap lol!
;
lol shut it
how about some encouraging words for unpublished writers?
do on word and email me at ty, can't wait
We are close to 2,000 followers on Twitter!
To celebrate, we are having a doctorwing where YOU  a FRIEND will win 1/2 OFF 1 month of classes!
a sense of humor makes a girl beautiful 3
So cute, had to pin this on my Pintrest board!
Day 2 of the PGA Fall Expo in swing.
If you havent already check us out booth 1120  ETC9.
You're more likely to act yourself into feeling than feel yourself into action.
So act!
Please stop playing on my fucking phone you childish lil bitches
Thanks again for coming out!
RT : Serial Hawk was badass!
Heavy shit!
I'm relaxing tonight have a big night at work tomo night for Cinco de Mayo
Ok, its a roger and out.
let us get back from hotlanta then come thruuuuuu.
Don't flake Super Bowl style haha
stop with the sad face he cares
Tracy from the Santa Monica store was fantastic, she deserves kudos, also Jasmine who helped immensely.
well, that is the typical meaning in storage industry.
But I take your point, and people at risk of talking past each other here
I could only get it without the words but I did get it.
Long live David Byrne!
He can still rock like nobody's business...
fabulous concert!
I am so glad made this list.
She's my goto girl.
Today Is bracketology  very important analysis.
Lots of opinion today.
Saw comments about 2.01 coffee; writing about Starbucks.
Want to chat?
Please send phone  or email me at
Can't wait for LSU game tomorrow.
It's the only thing keeping me sane during the Saints bye.
Geaux Tigers!
Lets keep Tebow winless at LSU.
lol nope just rehearsal at 210pm  about to go for my run 
Watching people play Flower at the Art of Video Games by is the best.
word, I can try to help you but am starting to get doctornk.
You can come over I'll be here.
Thanks for all the suggestions!
We will try our best to make these slices happen over the next year.
I think I'ma sleep great tonight.
Where did u find this?
hey im getting VIP too!
: you're going to the seattle one right?
real talk niggas gone be mad at my next production
Ooh awesome!
: That sounds fun!
I'm curling my hair at the moment!
Rofl  Then going to go eat lunch!
: lol Thanks for...
We're all alright!
We're all alright!
And off I go.
you're not going to kill yourself right?!
the Expo is in action.
Looking forward to it!
well hello!
: lol
thanks bro.
Maybe one day I can go on the show
can you please do your fashion question thing on your website again!, it was so god : xoxo
But the language/culture issues still apply.
From what I can see, no US institution is providing adequate support.

When life give you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
No its the music :
Starting a PC Technician training program at Austin Community College HTI.
The program combines the COMPTIA A and Network Certifications
Newest addition to the staff here in Maryvale, my coworker back in Milwaukee and now clubhouse manager for the timber rattlers:
maybe it's because you're a mommy too
Sure would have been nice to know I needed to get that book on reserve at the library while I was, you know, IN the library.
Jamming to Tears doctor by Amy Winehouse
Proud of you.
On to the next race !!
you kind of get used to it.
Im just taking one more AP than I did last year so it isn't a big deal.
Another gorgeous day here in southern Wisconsin!
Rain is in the forecast though.
Tune into NBC15 News at 11 for more!
This game is getting nuts.
Follow me please :D
June 3rd...
I'm going to probably be flying
Love sleeping in until 2 pm.
It must be summer :
Spending time on the phone with Bank of America is, put simply, a horrible experience.
Special thanks to Steve Jobs for making my life a lot more fun.
Physical therapy, shopping, car trouble fixed, organizing office  books.
And this is my week off!
The 2pac hologram is insane.
I can't wait for the 2pac Biggie reunion.
it's so beautifully readable!
Yes, it was the more compelling story that Cameron never heard of.
yea you are lol....
work..on da countdown
Yesterday shots were fired at Fort Sumter.
I feel that the division of our glorious Republic into petty states would be disastrous.
Unfollowers get no love
Tomorrow is Wellness Wednesday at the Farm.
Receive a top shelf gram of your choice with minimum donation.
caught some of it.
Blanton is our ace??
He has been good.
Did ya bail early?
You are just
ALOTTA BULLSHIT  LIES MAN.
THEY TOOK ME OFF THE TOUR FOR BULLSHIT REASONS ETC.
While leaving a store after not buying anything and thinking, 'Act natural, you're innocent.' :S
Ouch.
No really, i just stepped on an earring or something.
Ouch.
I think I want to play soccer...
Halls Sports anyone???
SF  SEA...
Hawks playoff chances on the line, 49ers trying to lock up 2 seed.
Plus final home game for crazy Seattle fans.
lmao you know ur always invited to my bdays, u can b a guest of honor!!!:
The older I get the more I respect and appreciate Cal Ripken.
He is truly amazing for what he did.
Anyone know doctorg dealers in vegas?
Lookin for claritin!
Can't stop sneezing.
Shit.
yea it was just a test at first so I would stop eating out.
Then I start doing research and realized I didn't need it anymore.
just wanted to say thanks for all the years of keeping wrestling fans entertained.
Your the best.
Thanks Hulk
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity.
The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Winston Churchill
My homie baby moms want me to smash...let's see what he thinks!
Bros before hoes
You're cute as hell man.
I guess the lack of polish is part of the appeal!
psanderettememories Actually, my favorite memory was watching your videos for the first time!
Yeah I make beats for them.
But I aint in there group or anything lol idk if I can head there with them.
I'd like to visit though
Cheeseburger in paradise
hahahaha you can include doctorving and directions in that mix.
reporting you to the humane society
About to kill a nigga in the building....AMEN.
Omgomgomgomg.
I can't believe followed me 21 ah.
Facing the crowds House majority Demi Lovato opens up her new man starts a doctorvethru Why it's being!
you were Jahvid Best motivation last night.
thank you!
please go to see him b4 each game!
Oh, and 500 high quality sample sounds  loops, royalty free?
yummy
well thank you!
I Hope to make this a productive week
Can someone please take me to Tempe, AZ?
please?
I have a feeling that unlike smash bros,about half of the cast is going to be 3rd party characters...
I'm conducting a poll of your alltime favorite CDs.
Join the fun and submit a list by May 20!
It can be a Top 10, 20, 40 or even Top 100!
Having sex is like playing bridge.
If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
Time for some late night SMASH.
show is amazing btw.
ugh it pisses me off that the only clothes that i leave places that people take for themselves are my favorite shirts msfnkjedwshjdf.
I'll just do what I always do, put em on a USB, and print them at Staples or somewhere.
Where is ?
It's kyderby week!
everybody needs to doctorp an eff bomb everynowandthen.
I support it!
Feel better!
It was great seeing you all again.
Please keep me posted.
I believe in Apart and know it will make great noise for you.
I learned trilobite before I learned terabyte and now I am mixing them up.
Good day at thewon wins 65kg kickboxing event with authority!
Well done to KarinLambert on a solid performance
No prob..Thank You
I think Fluval makes a nano filtration system that you could add to that, it'll help keep the chemistry more balanced.
I've used the word fixas a noun three times today.
Need to find a fix for that.
wasting tax money bc I haven't been to school for my job
im good x wbu
I Love You Austin Make My Wish Come True  Follow Me!: Please: 11:11
aw baby3
Just finished group training for the office brokers at Turley....fun group with great questions!
Excited to work more with the,
Our Hero is ready for it, and all other suffering, to be over.
Good reports on Max Pacioretty so far.
O!
Thanks!
Maybe I'll get a dcflacks one :
indeed buddy.
Im a bad influence
I hate when the lights flicker or the power goes out.
That's great!
Thanks for picking me.
I should follow you to improve my golf game!
We'll swap skills.
yay!
actually got to experience the outofdoors today.
Family isn't about whose blood you have.
It's about who you care about.
I don't wear make up to cover myself up.
I think it's just fun to do.
ILoveDoingMyMakeUp.
3
it is Vagtastic!!
Hanks is superb.
God your amazing 3
Remember, the entrance door to the sanctuary is inside you.
Rumi
Hide yo kids, Hide yo wife.
Hide yo kids, Hide yo wife, and hide yo husband cause they rapin' everybody out there.
Add wing6.00 per dozen Choice of wings: Chipotle, BBQ, Sweet  Sour, Teriyaki, Hot  Screaming Hot
I am SO happy about that too.
PTL!
excellent.
I'll put my cyberstalker cap on ; Seriously, thanks.
I'll work up my list in a bit and doctorp you a line
Great question  any answers yet?
Hear, hear RT We are keeping Disco alive today for the Queen!
Aww, you are very welcome
Gnarly practice tonight!
New song sounds great.
Stoked to be playing with these guys as always.
dg
kiss there all better
yeah, that is kind of sad.
I would love to, but I just committed to a kinda workish thingy for next Wednesday.
I bet it will be awesome though!
God 1st!
Family 2nd!
Money third!...
period point blank!!
We should be taught not to wait for inspiration to start a thing.
Action always generates inspiration.
Inspiration seldom generates action
I would be the one to have my phone fall in tea.
Of course.
I asked about renting a boat 2 travel down the Kerala backwaters.
Here was the description I received:
You do though :P
GaLuWi has worked with Matthew Caryl for 5 years.
In those 5 years we can honestly say Matthew is the perfect match for our company, we sh
1st day at my new job...time to turn on the awesome.
My sister made a twitter.
Surveying those terms would make another great blog post...
were gonna,.
Live laugh love fart.
33
Falling Slowly was in the movie Once, which was amazing as well.
Anybody in Vegas?
ReasonstoseeTLAMthisweekend because I didn't take the kids the 1st time
her and the whole case from Think like a man cast supposed to be coming today!
Twitter makes me mad.
it sets back DM's.
Its hot as hel outside and its nite time wtf!
memphis gone b 1 hot summer dis year
MT : Happy International Women's Day IWD Me: We need a National Women's Day after the last couple of weeks!
long time no talk how r u
wtf it just retweeted 3 of your tweets at the same time hahs wtf my phones high:
I love that one of the methods in a Chef Resource is entitled epicfail.
oh hai.it's my birthday;
You clearly don't get it.
And probably never will.
Buzz just activated for me in Gmail, anyone else?
Almost done tweeting as we're still in Canada.
Go Canada.
Next stop, N.
Africa  Morocco.
I could not agree more!
THAT VIDEO WAS AMAZING!!
I'M SPEECHLESS AS ALWAYS!!
GREAT JOB PEYTON21
Hey , if you throw out a latenight campfire appearance at the Beachcomber, you can name your price.
Sponsorship should not a be approached as a transactional mechanism to secure revenue.
Clearly you get what you pay for
Gorgeous evening  perfect for pizza.
Of course, we tend to think most gorgeous evenings are perfect for pizza.
had a great time 2day the food truck fest!we r looking for new locations..where do u want the best country fixins in nash?
haha its fine: im 16 in 3 weeks: ah cool:!
My new lipgloss is burning my lips but it looks so good.
Whether I take it off or not, it's a loselose situation :
I once heard two ladies going on and on about the pains of childbirth and how men don't seem to know what real pain is
If u say the word lad...
I love you.
X
contemplating getting an electric guitar.
so far, leaning towards a strat...
OMG Spartacus Season Finale!!!
you just tore my heart muscle into pieces
I wish I could say this was a good learning experience for UT but I'm not sure we'll keep our players and Barnes should know better already
I was warned to not come to your twitter professorle.
Apparently the Selleck runs strong with you.
LOL Hope you're doing good
run with me at 8!!
My bad, sorry.
Thought it was clear from the link, but I see your point.
It feels god to be home.
So tired
Can people shu up with the illuminati talk smh!!!
LOL!
The guy on 16  Pregnant brought his girlfriend a half bag of chips and said this is close enough to flowers after their big fight.
Maybe if you close your eyes and put your head against the screen, everything will transfer to your brain.
No?
Ok.
we are ready...we are waiting!
Im scared to take any pills in case there is a commercial telling me I shouldn't have taken it and I might die.
Passive voice is hated by me.
See what I did there?
I'm still mad.
DepressingSitcoms The Brady Lunch...hey mundane is depressing...
You have a hard time expressing yourself.
:
3 more job applications.
jesus help me
just when I thought it was safe a million job applications are due.
RT : following back : well appreciated
when life hands you lemons, make lemon sugar cookies.
This water is so good
It's more than that.
Those red banners are new.
SOTD is It Can't Rain Everyday by P.O.D.
All of my wishes are used on you.
Excited about putting the finishing touches on the 3yr strategic plan!
Get ready for the May 2012 BCBA exam, by taking our prep course.
We make you the Buzz of people's Daily Ritual...
Tonight Tonight The Pinch will play TONIGHT!
9 pm at the Triple Rock
Out on the prowl.
One down, five to go!
cliff notes darling.
Cliff notes.
you are the expert.
I expect great things from you
eww what happened to geting married!
I hope u said no
Excited for these new possibilities likely ahead!
aww I love you too!!
What is your FB addoctorss???
Thanks!!
Wow i didn't realize they had one out lol
Umm if you have been on Maury 56 times for DNA tests and you went thru 10 men wtf are you doing thats a mega ho!
Smh poor babies
........
had 2 vent so i vented too, so she wouldnt have 2 vent alone, u need to do any venting boo boo?
Lol
Milk was Cleopatra's secret to silky,soft skin!Prepare your bath as normal but  2 cups of powdered milk.This treatment is easy effective!
My motto of the day: what doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
And...
this is my hello days later!
I think I saw you at Summer Solstice too.
Did you have a good time?
I got my ticket!
Have you got yours?
You know what, i have never seen The Notebook.
like i legit never have....
it's like, im a The Notebook virgin ..
RT : I love .
He had my heart before the Internet 4years awww very sweet!
Who's going to the concert in LA this Sunday?
Lord, help us to keep our promise to be faithful to you, as you keep your promise to your people.
If your at SXSW come stop by our booth
What did you think of the new location?
Thank you, brotha!
It sucks, but I'll be alright.
The Intrepid Pressible Team boards a plane for the SLOANC 4th Annual International Symposium on Emerging Tech for Online Learning.
Dubstep remix of Seven Nation Army NowPlaying in Midnight Mug.
I think someone has missed the point.
I love this part...Autobots and Decepticons!!!!
has the best storys EVER, there so addicting i cant wait 4 ch.
4!
: TeamMindless go follow her 2 :
nawhh haha I'm done for the night.
But gonna Hitting the gym in like 6 hours counting down!
Haha
I should've done this more often!
NW a hour of doctorgonballZ, while recovering from some Steak  Shake!
Spotted: a woman doctorssed like a cat running through with her dog
Hi everyone in tweet land miss all u guys happpppppppppyyyyyy  New YEAR
some days taste like lemonade it's one of those days, mostly thanks to :
iknow and then when they were supposed to grab the bag with their district number and i was like GRAB 11!!
lmao
RT : The money comin' back and forth like a seesaw.
And y'all ain't never seen what we saw.
I gotta go to work.
Thanks for spreading the word :
Don't forget the Eischen's Yoga orientation class is today from 1pm3pm!!
We would love for everyone to come join us!
Going back in the mix Monday this weekend is dedicated to God !!
Back in Seattle.
Pouring rain.
Good to be home
Who does?
LOL Crazy
The web site I've been working on is 98 done.
Check it out!
www.miledeepfilms.com
Compare this to how GHEBush handled the similar Fang Lizhi situation.
: RT Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng in a 'dangerous'
Thank you Elizabeth Warren for showing Democrats how to fight the Republicans'
do we have roller practice this weekend?
You dont like giving head....you might get cheated on with somebody who does.....90 chance itll happen...its life
Can barley keep my eyes open right now.
:/
Administrative Assistant to the VP of crack development 2008  2009
why are you so beautiful?
I do miss him.
Sigh!
lmao i look crazy laughing alone but that was too funny
2011.08.30 Cardinals 2 Brewers 1  Sloppy game and all / we expect the walkoff win / not to be tonight.
thank for the follow folks!
We all have that one person that makes us smile like an idiot when we talk to them :
I uploaded a video.
It's in the uploaded video playlist.
Yet it's not listed under uploaded video on my channel.
FYou
if you see me walking around today with a bright orange jug, i swear there isn't anything weird inside.
except my urine.
Night made !
I wonder if jay z and fabolous make an album would it be colder than him and yae shit?
What yal think??
QoTD: An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
if I sent you a track would you tell whether you feel it or not
We've added a block of rooms for students at the Solé Inn in Pensacola!
Call by March 5 to reserve your room: 4709298.
ATTENTION ALL!
WE ARE CURRENTLY LOOKING TO HIRE 2 OFFICE POSITIONS AT RAY SANDS GLASS IN CHILI.
Full time, Monday through Friday.
All inte
It's a super effective way to taunt me with an adorable kitten!
Buenos Dias :o You should have some Pineapple for breakfast.
Heard say head coach Mike D'Antoni would be out by next week.
Turns out it happened just now.
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
RT: : They say forgive and forget..but I never forget the reason I had to forgive.
Think I just exceeded the limit on how much technology one can have on display at any time in a coffee shop.
VIP sounds nice in Florida
Just had some Vietnamese weasel coffee.
I'm awake now!
Man!!!!!!
I need a new twitter name somebody help me out
Seriously how many brazilians can one place house?
areyouallrelated?
what happened
WTF?
I just found out this guy is telling everyone in his school that I'm going out with him and I was at his house yesterday.
If you're happy  you know it clap your clap your hands, stomp your feet, wave your hands, leap for joy.
I think 90210 is my guilty pleasure...
:P Can't help it!
Anyone used for a presentation?
Lots o' capabilities  more interactive than PPT, I WILL master it
The Punk Goes Pop albums make you never want to listen to the original versions of those songs again.
Muah!!
So miss my Austin peeps for realz!
six years!
Thats a lot.
Lol so how old were you when you started?
Over here it's like super hot today.
Lol I like cold weather
Missed you.
What are the ML's for them?
Also what's your gut feeling...
I'm thinking Denver
Well at least I get to go home now.
!
Cant Go To My Friend quincee D: I have To Go To A Wedding With My Bro : I Hopee Its Fun:
Haha, no.
The table was me, dad and coach behl
oh well thanks babe ;
What's on my menu?
Green yams rolls no soul food
So i'll just say nothing yo.........
and Thou shall Livith that wayith
: I signed the card last night when i got home from work.
it's like dead men walking out here Lyte
A very long and wide point.
Happy Christmas Eve,family  friends, Enjoy your holiday weekend, Seasons Greetings, Best wishes from my family to yours!
Wowww.
Copiers much?
We did that picture first.
Just makes you look stupid.
Haha!
TY for following!
GaGa can't handle this shit...
Hacker  Death Grips.
Teaching bitches how to swim.
Dad's listening to Bruno Mars.
Where's the wake up AC/DC and The Killers?!
1500 cars find a new way to get where they are going with the Shadwell bridge being closed, what route do you recommend?
Most say I 64
Goodnight world Another bless day
that's some good English there.
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz, tonight from 811pm!
Support local music!
It's a site that allows people to review places to go to eat, go out, find a dentist, etc.
It's pretty useful!
whose it against?
I wanna throw a real party ...
not a little ass house party .
is really tired of the Brewers finding ways to lose.
Awh!
: I havent checked what I got yet.
Just watched gamechange and certain I will continue to be in awe of palin stupidity and ignorance for years to come.
Repeat That?
Maybe if I don't talk to him or text him the next three days maybe he'll miss me?
Lol idk
YOU did this
Thanks for connecting!
We see you guys a little bit, but would love to see you more!
Keep us in mind for pt discharges, transfers,  events!
ooopss I revealed myselfO
gas prices
I'll doctornk to that!
Happy New Year, Rhea.
Have a great one.
I'm going to see if I can get a postponement.
I'm told that such things are possible.
Listening to five 50 year old businessmen in suits discuss the hottest movie stars at breakfast.
Super classy bunch.
Sigh.
What's good people?!
If you're bored send me a message and let's talk!!
Thanks to for filling in on the Mug today while I soak up the sun at the game.
Check back all day for coverage!
You're Good In My Book is trending right now, so if you want your tweet seen, don't spell it YOUR
Trying to find someone to cut my hair.
Idk whether to get a bob or just long layers.
cool!!!That would be fun.
Your moms so nice.
Whoever hosts it would get free and half off items if the party spends 150 total
ok that's cool I'm sure my privacy settings won't mean shit then
RT : Just found out that state superintendent of schools, doctor Tony Bennett, will be visiting IDEAS and BioLit on Monday.
I just got reminded about a tshirt I have that I haven't worn in a while.
It says, smile, it confuses people.
Go ahead, I dare you.
:
You make all things new yes..you make all things new and I will follow you forward..
Another great day to get better.
Dyersburg  win
Each of us, before going to bed, comes up with his perfect life and conversation that is never to happen.
I really should have brought something to read while proctoring this exam.
any good mascara u know of ?
BTW even if I put on a little still fall's off and I hate that help me!!
LOL :/
Currently looking for a lightup toothbrush.
Omg, it's all Liam's fault.
Character is higher intellect.
A great soul will be strong to live, as well as strong to think.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
gtta go to the hood lol
Win!
RT : I want to play a show at Sea World.
In the penguin habitat.
In a tuxedo.
Was great to be 'warm up act' for Vint Cerf w': Happy fathers day, Vint, love the internets!
It's Spursday!
S/O to the Silver Dancers today as they get ready to pump up the ATT Center today.
: To be honest,38 points I was shocked.
He got 38 in the context of team basketball.
To me, that really says it all'D'Antoni
Welcome to Twitter, !
It's to gals what Cassavetes' Husbands was to guys.
I've tried the battery upside down, rotating it, pressing the case, bending up the wire contacts,  repairing.
Ok just saw nick young airball an open layup over the backboard.
are the washingtonwizards the worst NBA team in history?
New Website  Promotions coming SOON!
so payAttention yesouisisim.com login in bitch!
We will get to OKC as soon as possible!
Merci for coming to Tulsa to see us in the meantime!
Fun fact of the Day: Certain fireflies emit a light so penetrating that it can pass through flesh and wood!
Does your wife want a face lift?...on your house?
Give it to her, and we can help paint your doctorams.
Will clean energy bill POTUS wants mean more monster windmills in PNW?
They've grown on me  I love their majestic look
twinkle twinkle little whore your in school not jersey shore.
damn.
I got five on it.
Lol
Can I feel ya boobs lol
You should go to Toast instead if you are in that area...
intelsmp says be generous, promote others.
Agree.
The Wildcats defeat 2 UMBC on the road 41.
Everyone played great tonight.
HUGE win to end the semester on.
It's almost Memorial Day  the unofficial start to summer!
What are you looking forward to the most this summer?
I could understand if Shabazz chose UCLA.
It's a fractured program needing someone to be the man.
Nobody's the man at UK.
Good to hear from you!
I also recently did an on air segment on voter suppression and voter ID
hey, I see you are a piano player..
Where are you from?
New water slide in Kona!
Fun!
Alright I will check it out now.
:
I know then its multiple Disneyland trips!!
The Internet treats censorship as a malfunction and routes around it.
John Perry Barlow
Hopefully I start school next week..
I can't take this shit any longer!!!
Weisswurst is served in the water in which it was heated traditionally, with a pretty big bowl.
Only getting 1 weird
Damn I want some icecream.
m Late night craving/early morning craving.
I actually agree!
RT: you fail also.
all the time, usually while I'm going hard on some cereal.
not ashamed.
And Chewsday/Boobsday is going just fine, though the archaeology lab turned into grand central station for a few hourspopular.
I mess wit the song Amen heavy bra
What he said.
RT : Follow UWSMPH and UWSMPHIC for info on medical marijuana, HPV, raw milk, and other issues :
Thank you for the RT on Friday!
oh i never knew you needed your shoulder to walk to CVS
Copies made, book returned.
See you over break!!
Ha!
That's dear ol' 's whiskey laden hackathon voice :
Rockie's Venture Club on April 17th!!
Big Fat Cupcake will be there!!
haha yup and minnesota's first play was that fumble that went like negative 30 yards making it like 2nd and 45 lol
damn MCA died..
thevoice Mathai is so happy and her voice is so unique!
She is my new favorite!
2 whiskey Wednesdays at ?
you're so tough.
You should probably just stop now while you're ahead,
Jack with Karla today was good !
yes, thank you!
send me your email addoctorss and I will get you all the golf marathon information.
Good 2nd interview, I really hope it works out and I get the job.
Although now I am going to watch True Life.
Actually found you right here on Twitter.
TWEET ME,PLEASE JEYDON
Am I the only browns fan watching our doctorft pick play out in Carolina ?
Ps ..
Julio Jones just doctorpped another ball..
Another day given away to tmj and all its lovely attributes...frustrated ya'll!
Diva Night is tomorrow!!!
Stop by Roots Salon between 58 to get your card punched to win prizes!!
After party at :
Were in the year 2012 and it's impossible for some to answer a simple text or an email!
What a joke.
We adore Ariana
Better than Argentina Cafe?
Goodmorning Followers Great day at Sioure Technologies New Offers and promotions coming
ALL DAM.
She jus disrespected a PIMP.
Lmao
RT The idea of the Cards and Brewers going at it in the NLCS...considering the bad blood between them this season..is gonna be epic.
stay home then:
See you at 530pm through Wednesday this week....stay tuned......
going to the breathe carolina concert in covington CX
Joseph Siegle of Africa Center for Strategic Studies: 35 years before economic situation post revolution opens up to competition
well we going to wear church clothes.
Amazing night, With Emily, Austin and Tyler!!
Happy 2 months Emily and Austin!!
:
Wranglers playing some great D in the 1st period
I'm on some cold pimp shit rite now
So cute!
Better not let them watch Watership Down, or worse, Plague Dogs.
Very scary.
I had a great birthday today : Even if didn't say happy birthday
I'm just at the doctor's office touching all her stuff!!
: thanks.
Me too!
Canada's Moses Znaimer remains in violation of U.S.
Intellectual Property law in false claims to ZOOMER trademark.
Going to get my passport tomorrow for Canada.
:
beyond out of shape..
my lungs feel like they are about to explode STILL
woot woot !
Me to I got a new number I need yours
Thursday nite we find out the winner for challenge at Milk Studio.
Good luck to my new friends We rock
It's to choreograph to song what makes you beautiful, but me and my friend doing it because we love them
was that a song lyric?
It sounded cool.
so jelly!!!!
Have fun!
Hugs!
Ryan!!
I'm creating a YouTube account and I'm going to give you a shoutout video:
always brings me back to who I am.
I've had two glasses of wine.
These Swedish commercials are weird.
Couldn't tell if they were selling food or warning about a virus.
As are we!
Hope you come with an appetite, there's a lot of delicious food to be devoured.
Amazing that I'm flying at 35,000 feet  my girlfriend is shopping in Denver  we're chatting on IM about a press release
hope you have a fun baby shower  xoxo :
Heya Lee!!!
See you soon?
Thanks for the RT and about our buyonegetone rose special.
Hope you stop by and take some home.
You're adorable!
My friends are such bitches.
They never invite me places and then they ignore my texts.
2!
A car ride to work is just not enough.
It's only 15 min a day of funny Tay:
Mother of god, I need to hear these songs.
i voted :
Making videos stand out since 2003!
that's who I thought it was...look at my post
.
: A career is an investment in yourself Leslie Bennets
excuse me but somebody posted an instagram photo...and somebody said where they were going to be...hahahah
You're welcome, Rich.
That's what I'm here for!
:
Thank you for the birthday note.
Wayne sez hi
want some mickey D's!!
:
snowball fight in Alexandoctora, VA????
I'm hanging in there.
We have a death in the family so....
nope.
zero for three.
: still planning on attending, though
Thanks for the interest!
We have someone contacting you right now.
We have a great reseller opportunity you may be interested in.
not cool
Yep, it starts again in march..
:o : Put her in there quick!!
Lol
Yankees just gave up a home run to the O's as I flip to them on TV.
The Fuckery of the Yankees season is amazing.
Ugh.
Les Mis.
Loves.
This could be really amazing or terribly disastrous.
Ctfu RT : Summer  Pretty Toes.
Well, not every female.
Lol.
when my iPhoto library decides to be corrupted  not work..
thank you kindly for the S/O :
LOOOOOL.
Obviously, you're still freaking out!
i'd likely fuckup the merge ;
Watching AGT right now!
Good luck and can't wait to see u sing!
all i heard was WOWW and then everyone is laying on the ice what
Theocritus of Chios Now begins a torrent of words and a trickling of sense.
Tons of new pieces in this week: www.midcenturymobler.com
Yowzah, darlin', take care of yourself and don't go crazy!
Just watched Gabrielle Union's interview on CBS morning show  found her on twitter: Can't wait to see her in Good Deeds!
You are a stand up guy.
like that dude on american pickers.
thats what she said.
do work son!
Tweetomatic professorteer: the Only Twitter software tool out there which taps into the massive potential of CB.
With an explosive manual..
There was a high school kid with only one arm that played baseball and threw a no hitter!!!
mister Bailey need to calm down .
I believe this is the last post I will do regarding the movie doctorve...It was one bad a mutha  movie and you can quote me!
That CI book does look good.
Thanks for the heads up!
Good Morning....I'm back!
Lol!
Wass up we Finna ustream get on at 7:55pm witch is n 11 min and we need your help
Hi Josh aka Josh!
:
Ah one phone call can make this girl happy!
Just did .
Did you check the site ?
on south campus?
FINALLY, I have been waiting ALL season for avery  kepner to get together!
You need to friend this amazing you man.
He's an artist that's going places with his passion.
The first LitFuse iphone app just went live!!!
It is so exciting, check out StarWitness!
tiny.cc/m2jbu
Just got home from Local Battles.
Going to Gamestop in the morning.
Fuck Diablo 3.
Max Payne 3 all day son.
Saints management suspension seems aggressive
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.
CM
Lebron and Wade praising you, and now you are all over the scouting reports.
Keep it up man, big playoff games are coming!
what's exciting that's happening for Senior Week?
Nate knows abt Tim, like whenever we see him hes like heres your boyfriend
thanks for following!
Share your creative inspiration on our forum www.wearelux.com
Doing final checks on 3 new careerrelated guides to be released in a matter of days.
Thanks to for making them look beautiful.
Just heard some thunder OldTownAlexandoctora.
Looks like we might be in for an afternoon Tstorm.
AP classes  so many essays.
Ah
I don't understand!
It's just gone!
:
I was that way with Lauren Alaina too just not as bad.
I was pretty obsessed with Scotty.
Haha :
RT : I feel like Michael Jackson's Thriller was about to start playing in that scene.
LOL Castle  Lol
Is the saying really thinking outside the box?
Because I've been thinking outside with blocks for years and it works great.
In the dentist office.
Dentist, how I dislike your machines!
I like my coffee like I like my women: extra hot.
old man ordering his coffee from a hot starbucks barista.
Save the creativity for your show.
Wouldn't want you to shoot your entire load over the weekend!
I Hate Mondays '
The enemy is always on the move.
Trust God and put on your best body armor for the war of life.
Our emotions are our weakness
I hate that I let you down, I feel so bad about it
that is stunning!
Love it.
How much for a print?
just got Lupton's Type book.
First page I opened to had your name on it.
...
I want to go to there!
ah.
!
Thats like another week!!!!!!!
PerfumeSeven website is being remodeled, if you would to order any perfume, you can get a quote by sending a DM here.
Thanks
Your lookin soo good in whats left of those blue jeans
You'd think barbershop quartets would sing more songs about cutting hair.
can you please follow ?
: she'll follow back.
Thanks!
x
It was great to have lunch with and Necole at today.
They are doing great work with
just walked by us in the stairwell to rooftop.
Nice
Sweetie, you're 13.
You should be doing homework, not guys.
Great meeting you at !
Let me know when you need a stunt double.
isn't she!
I loved her in Meg  Dia.
let's go see it when it comes out !
For some inexplicable reason I watched 'The Bachelor' last night and I hope next season they'll give 'Levi' the horse a chance  a filly.
Damn I can't spell lol
Finished math MCAS, suck my balls
so beautiful u are
So for a Wednesday, that was pretty good!
Sailing the sea with composite wings  High Performance Composites
I'm in!
I got a platypus for a pet!
Sad day at PWD Southwest.
Lynda in Accounting is leaving.
Good luck Lynda, I'll miss you.
early and often you boys got a ball game to dominate tonight!
I just tried about 2 minutes ago and got nothing.
Damn its raining prtty hard lol
quote The secret to mountain biking is pretty simple.
The slower you go the more likely it is you'll crash.
Julie Furtado
Too bad I cut my tinger at work and now I can't type with my left thumb :
Watching 30 clubs in 30 days Brewers edition on ...
Now I'm itching for the season to begin!!
A2 sbchat: 1.
send gifts to sponsors 2.
Send outreach pieces to unrenewed season tix holders 3.
Plan decks to lock down unrenewed sponsors
Is learning all about austin.about.com
What your favorite hobbies?
I'm probably the only 29 year old that still picks my fluoride flavor at the dentist.
has so many followers.
wttf.
He is a nice guy!
Lovely chat in line at Kroger about SB46 festivities, with a nice guy who turned out to be 's dad.
Exactly.
They've done a pretty good job raising awareness though: I've received several phone calls and a flyer.
Working from SEA until next Friday's final move to DFW.
So go ahead: Be your typical rainy gray suicidewatch weather, SEA!
Taco Bells slogan is Live Mas....keep eating that shit and you will live less
Went to my first professorssional soccer game last night.
Just want to say soccer fans go hard!
Just deleted more than half of my texts and I have to say that it was oddly liberating.
For the wonkiest of us, please include PAC names in the future.
It's nice to be able to pull the FPPC reports.
Hey, thanks mister!
:
RT : RS Day wants to know: What's your fave record store of all time?
Peaches, Sunrise Blvd., Ft.
Laud., FL circa 1978
Ready for my close up mister Demille!
On fire about acting!
Thanking God Everyday for gifts and abilities he saved just for me
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
chill with that
I watched the really crappy IMMORTALS for my saturdaycinema.
It's sad when a movie can't be saved by halfnaked men.
Get up Chris Bosh!
On your deathbed, will you wish you watched more reality TV?
Or will you think of time spent w/ loved ones?
Do what really matters NOW.
wish i ws in HI right now to be wid da fams
Got a taste of summer this weekend.
Last exam today and then I'll get the real thing 
He writes the MS exam, but he's not an MS
Just finished the original book from Isherwood but I have to say, I prefer the story of the debue Movie A Single Man by TOM FORD
Ima spend the night at house tonight
Iowa Corn Market Expected to Stuggle Because of Global Warming  KCRG
the only problem with getting everything done that you set out to do is that you stay up fucking forever doing it.
On tap today: blog posts and WWI posters.
absolutely and totally sold on and blown away by the finale of SMASH and by Katharine McPhee's performance and by the songs and directing!
You should follow me.
Im one of your best friend's chin?
that moment when you cant get on standgrand .com
I still use OSX widgets as well.
Kissing in the rain 
yea but ive got nothin to do here so i just play
Love, love love...
I have like 5....
Aha
RT Vote for Turf  Vote for Turf Vote for Turf  Vote for Turf Vote for Turf  Vote for
Thank you moth for flying right into the grill of my car after I just got it washed
Haven't thought about it.
Are you?
cool, what's he waiting for?
:
I've finally come to a final answer for a question I've been trying to figure out for so long!
And I'm happy with my decision!:
You must be proud mom.
She is a beautiful young lady.
Hope she has a fun and safe time at her prom.
Deviation from the status quo is healthy and necessary
I can't wait to see it.
I literally have worn the heck out of your song!!
It's that good!!: 3 follow me?;
Movie recommendation is The Fats Boys in Disorderlies
well if u ever need anything, im always here for u.
240 421 8554
We will begin at 10:00 with application  130010 Barbara Z.
Was seeing alot of young north carolinians rallyin against amendment one on tweets / facebook ...
guess it wasnt enough ...
ii swear the last time ii checked ; I was single as single cigarette !
Smdh..
Rooftop container garden in latter part of Chicago decade was like a gateway doctorg: now PLANTING ALL THE THINGS in huge yard w/South exposure
been full yet craving more food 
Noticed the sponsored ads on my FB professorle have switched from Christian dating sites to sperm banks.
Is Facebook telling me to just give up?
Haha figured miss u too thou!
Its good everyone getting hype for tomorrow but.a real.man treat.his women like a queen everyday
k.
Thanks
16 championships won since 1949, I ain't mad.
Way to go, Phil Jackson.
UhOh !
Lol RT : That tweet just put a big smile on my face 
LOL RT : Say wht u will bout Bud Selig, a World Series has nvr been delayed b/c 3rd base exploded in a ball of flaming jet fuel
is killing it at turnerhallballroom right now.
Come out with us after
The store, as is, is relocating, though we are exploring ideas for the space.
I've totally been to Bent's Camp  awesome Wisconsin cooking!
Signs you're getting a bad haircut 1: you leave with more hair on your face than when you walked in.
It's funny how people get so amazed by how long my hair is
ppsshhh no sir...
I strongly dislike
Im back.
Been away for a while.
Had to get my heart back song came in handy.
I feel her music and it always helps.
Im good!!!!!
mister.
Doubtfire sounds like the lady down the street from me !
lol
NpCops on The Block:Alley Boy
Ha!
We have very similar taste.
:
There is no greater evidence of superior intelligence than to be surprised at nothing
Excited to see and Dianna next week...
Wish was coming too :
Megadeth cab for cutie
We have a cd coming out in 11 days.
If you want one at a good price then come to our cd release show at on march 30
and are all in CorvallisOR right now for CarelessWorldTour at Benton Co Fairgrounds
Nail shop flow
i already know ....
: I know some people are furious with me flooding their timelines up haha whoops!
I don't mind Suga'.
Cudi Love!!
toonarmy here America!
NUFC effing killin' it!
Now I need SportingKC to get the win tonight!
I got a recommendation for Wayfare Tavern on Sacramento street.
May be checking it out later.
Beginning Friday, you can get Sauced on Paseo delivered to the comfort of your own home  we deliver!
Give us a shout at 5219800.
eve is a
In a vast majority of IA's 100 House districts, more than 15 of tax filers claim the federal EITC.
The expanded IA EITC would help.
Get It Gone Estate Sales...Dumpster diving since 1981.
We dig deep and we ain't no pickers.
Then hire more people if your system has that many service issues or fix the service issue issue.
No brainer.
awesome!
Thank you so much  How have you been?
I love how my best friend forgot about me.
Looks like I need a new true friend.
apple should just buy both of them!
I love you, but I'm not going to sit around and wait for you to decide how you feel about me...
Find me, when you make up your mind....
Crazy how many zinesters are now either librarians or women's studies professorssors.
Or maybe not so crazy.
Considering that is who isn't even a Democrat and has his own issues.
I'm really loving Michael Young right now, saved the teams ass.
Such and intense game!!
Currently listening to: BOBBY SOLOMAN SMITH  Hollywood
That was great.
Tapped into my sociolinguistic past.
RT : Mixology Molecular Bar  ART  SCIENCE  COCKTAILS
Going to hit up the Y tomorrow, anyone trying to get in a lift tomorrow?
Maywheather vs.
Cotto.
Who's it gonna be?
DING DING DING rings the dinner bell!
Special started at 5pm!
Don't forget to order an ice cold beer or carafe of wine w/ dinner!
Great meeting with Jim and Thomas.
Looking forward to seeing what new ventures we can accomplish together in LIHTC.
welcome to the world of twitter.
I just stole your tweet virginity.
I'm guessing he couldn't hold his own on those rocks.
You haven't tried to get your findings reviewed by any serious institutions and if they were, you were told you've got nothing.
InstantTurnOn a smart guy
Your's too?!
: RT : My dog's breath smells like the devil's farts.
Love being trapped in a car with my husband for 12 hours!!
Oh the stuff you learn!!
LoL
But that's the one he hits fair.
Local Gift Baskets and Tins for tea lovers!
Stop in for your last minute Holiday Shopping!
one.org says reach is getting easier b/c of tools but note there's a lot of room to still build/improve
You're the best at never doing shit
u make me smile :
awesomeness.
can totally relate:
follow me please :
Follow he got some interesting tweets that you wouldn't even think of.
Whoever discovered that pig belly was edible deserves a special place in heaven :
If you plan on doing a Lightning Talk, please come to the Auditorium and sign in between 1:10  1:25.
Talks start at 1:30 sharp!
A great selection of wines to wind down your day is available Take a bottle home for the night!
the IFO its that big car thing in town that just happened sat ...
BEST of Interop WINNER!!!
Miller lite has punch top cans now
How do you make cleaning the house more fun?
By practicing pole dancing with the broom handle of course...
Well both are 3x champs, but DW is quick to point out to all that will listen that he STILL has more wins than Tony...hahaha
Put her head through the headboard again...
3rd one this month
Thank you.
Sure, send already a request :
Margarita time!
this new??
good morning everyone!
so excited, I finally got my tax return!
they claimed I had an error that wasn't actually an error...
grrr
We went 51 Sat through Monday....
Who's ready to continue tearing through bowl season and NFL playoffs?
So a rightwing fundamentalist Xtian goes on a shooting rampage in Norway, 92 dead.
McVeigh would be proud.
Homespun blueeyed terrorism.
got a 72 on an exam GPP turns out thats a B with the curve
Yikes, may take all day to get caught up on email!
COFFEE!!!
It's a sin to stick it in and a shame to take it out.
FF Associate Recruiters
LAUNCHED MY OFFICIAL SITE!
www.thecraigschelske.com
World History CST today.
Ughh.
How do they expect us to remember stuff from 6th and 7th grade?
after the next is flap trust people heard her first and its was not the greatest compare to hardcore
going to 's house then CHURCH!!!!
The price of excellence is discipline.
The cost of mediocrity is disappointment.
William A.
Ward
dang!
getting a pedicure.:
Shout out to the designer!!!
Sad : Didn't get to take a pic with on the plane yesterday :
Man i need sum pussy now
daww thank you :
RandPaul's hairpiece can't get any nastier.
MT : CONFIRMED: hosting 6/30 Great People, Music,
MIDWEST SWAG IN THE SOUTH 2 TOUR!!!!
STARTS NEXT FRIDAY!!!!
WHO COMING OUT???
IT'S GON BE A MOVIE...
haha i didnt even completely understand what u said before haha
So you want me to extract the part of your performance from the show and send you the video?
Being a leader
Thanks for following me back.
I wish I could sing as well as you do.
Still continually doctornking liters of fizzy water even though schooled me in the fact that this behavior could cause cavities.
Oh no!
Was just going to ask about him.
:
All the American media seems to do is make everyone out to be a terrorist and they dont seem to have a grip on reality.
Morning coffee with the amazingly talented Always grateful to start the day on a high note!
Give a listen to and you're boredom will be cured, it's free.
www.blasesplee.com
definitely interested in this Milwaukee Startup Weekend idea.
I'd love more details if it happens!
RT The sight of bins full of personal watermelons at my neighborhood grocery store makes me laugh.
RT : Invest in yourself.
Take an action outside your comfort zone to move you closer to a goal you are passionate about.

Good Morning !
so glad you are having fun at your new job!
Thanks for the RT  for making the chamber even better!
Being positive doesn't mean ignoring the negative.
Being positive means overcoming the negative.
just ate some fishsticks RT if you like fishsticks lol their yummy
me too...I have spotted them three times in Houston!!!
well thank you, although I would not agree
lol!!
I was watching that too.
thank you!!!
333
I've been convicted to view my future presentations as what they actually are: performances.
damn skippy!
My kinda girl haha.
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 28
Quite well, a number of fun folks in town in last night so great to hang out.
How about you?
A true lady doesn't start fights, but sure knows how to finish them.
Hopes are planted in friendship's garden where doctorams blossom into priceless treasures.
Just bought you a couple of old cookbooks in the fgs10 exhibit hall.
Looking forward to your garden information!
Be sure and include some specific for the Clevelnd growing zone!
if you would pick me I would die .
I once tried to have the article deleted, as it seems spurious, but I got trounced by higher ranking Wikipedia editors.
sorry gus ive been grounded...and i will for the next week
nice seeing y'all last night!
you guys seriously ROCKED.
the summer tour can not come soon enough 3
Yes!
I hadn't listened to that one in a while.
Sit in front of large office buildings in lawn chairs, day doctornking and making fun of people in suits.
Thomas singing on the phone and ish
Bought pizza and The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo.
Selfreplicating?
RT : spring2012 graduates Congrats good brothers
Shout out to Lauren Peterson for doing an amazing job on the violin!
Strut4theHorn!
you'll are so amazingly talented!!!
You would male my day if you followed me thanks :
all 4 1  1 4 all RT : no matter how tired  snarky I get I can count on you.
thx for putting up w/me
3 bands, lineup is doctorwn at 8:30, music starts at 9.
Every vote counts!
Incredible day at AAUW MKE distributing 38,000 in scholarships, including one to a member
good morning :
wait till tomorrow.
Or the 5 days that follow.
weather
I saw a Stop Bullying bracelet at the store n bought it in honor of u.
P.s ur such a cutie
They only got 1 superstar left
still loving the demo u gave me bud!
Interested in a follow4follow?
Need free promotion?
try the site on my professorle.
Never pay again for promo.
This day jus got slow af
andypoll Consider volunteering or unpaid internships doing cool stuff.
Thx for stopping by PizzeriaPiccola on the tour.
We're always happy to spark some basil discussion!
Covert communication: teens are texting under the table, in the back seat of the car, etc
I've been thinking a lot about this lately.
As in, do I want to be watched?
It is a really nice morning.
I feel atypically alive and alert.
I even made it to the bus stop early.
A would wake up again.
Should be minimal.
Most browsers load the first format they support  ignore the rest.
the argument is over the cause not the phenomenon.
I'm already bald!!!
HEY !
can you please wish one of my twitter bestie because today is her birthday and it would totally make her day!
An hour and a half!
RT : Here's to low expectations up in the balcony!
from may have gotten the biggest cheer all night.
What lure/technique have you yet to learn that you would like to learn?
I would get the stylist to do the color tomorrow, but would do it myself after that.
More flexibility.
We should take shots out of a turkey baster
Always the same shit with you .
Ima plant as many seeds as i can and see how many flowers grow ...........
What a beautiful service for Whitney Houston...
continued prayers for the Houston Family!!!!
Life is the flash in black heavens.
HENRI CAZALIS, Always
yeah, is he?
Ah home, how I miss thee!
RT: : PURSUIT: CHP in pursuit of white pick up on WB 105 FWY in Lynwood.
Suspect wanted for....
hot.
Where is the sample sale?
follow me back lol
its so funny all of these fake twitter pages with like the fbi and grown men using them with pics of half naked girls on the deafults
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
I got frapedmy account is linked
that's what I'm about to do, wyd today tho?
Hey guys!
Do you have a marketing email addoctorss I could shoot a note to?
Let me know!
Thanks :
My mom is a teacher.
For mothers day I thanked her for ruining the economy.
Youre all welcome.
We cancelled our cable yesterday in order to force ourselves to watch more movies.
They show The Office at sports bars, right?
I told him to get me one of those hot grace girls lol we'll see how good he helps a brother out tmister
following you back right now!
Sorry for the wait 3
Its my birthday, how about a lil love?
'Preciate the kind words, Josh.
You'll have to come out for a visit!
Which car/where did you reserve?
I just got an email about my reservation being switch because of unforeseen circumstances.
ok cool
hey cousin yes he's my favorite dj, his name is amon tobin, amazing music producer, listen to the song lost and found :D
WA state is a top destination for forcedlabor and sex trafficking.
New legislation going into effect TODAY to strengthen state efforts!
3 Happy Mother's Day!!
3
You say you get 'bitches'?
Have you seen your face in a mirror?
Nicholls goaded into a display of manhood, seizes her fiercely by the arms.
THE STRAW
All storyline.
Just a dumb one that's all
I always wanted to go on Supermarket Sweep.
And Wheel of Fortune.
And be a fly girl on In Living Color.
Paychk  prpty value down, health ins, buying power, ed  health care, reduced  Taxes , Quality of life from a lifetime of working hard?
I think that would be awesome...
a 140char summary would be more useful than the sometimes clunky UPenn RSS feed
f Chelsea She deserves a little ridicule
Welcome to Twitter!
I'm a HUGE SJ Sharks fan!!
Coolest pumpkin ever!
this is classic.
: Oklahoma will not tolerate anyone taking a bite out of anothers hamburger.
I think that's pretty reasonable...
Can't wait to be DONE done.
Sometimes I forget how consistently good Bone ThugsnHarmony was back in the day.
The last couple of days, I've been remembering...
If it's war, I choose foursquare.
But in times of peace, I'd just like to see more people using
Happy Birthday, Allie!!
RT : Thank you and for the cookie dough brownie birthday treats!
Karma for censoring?
banking.
It would be easier to reinstate while you figure out how to abolish or nationalize the fed.
Ron Paul would agree
it's my lucky day!!!
Thanks for the follow JLH!
LOL that be the best!!!!
We could make such a bad ass team!
Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him, they don't like him.
Marlene Dietrich
Wishing everyone a great 2010.
Looking forward to everything to come this year.
thank you!
thank you, Ericca!
Oo mama mama mama I just shot a man down .
Newark students, parents, educators take note: all libraries will be closed 8/229/5 for furloughs
they have good prices
HEY EVERYBODY!!
MY Kickstarter Campaign Starts TODAY!!!
Wait for it...wait for it!
Freshman are so stupid....
I go into the freshman bathroom and sone dudes smoking a cigarette.
Come on dude.
Really.
Time to get to this paper......
Thanks for following back.
Look forward to getting to know you!
Matthew
Hash is here!!!
The new cold play album is ridiculously good!
nyt and cnn polls also show all GOP cand net overall,  I wrote about it on pollster this week.
People don't like these guys!
titanic anniversary  nkorea birthday remembrance100 years ago events that have impacted worldN Korea impacting millions more w darkness
Nah!
My DNA covers the globe...and the bathtub...
Ok Current, we are officially on a break.
Love 105, it's you and me for a while HEY don't judge me!
Every Damn Day .
Just Do It : 
hahah bitch I stretch al the time lol and at mt pleasant
DUB THESE SCRUBS!!
GSM tx can cause buzzing in pilot headphones, CDMA tx can actually interfere with approach calculation equipment.
wanna get fit at results, then eat frozenyo for dinner?
I dnt have anything to do...
Dang.
Sometimes I forget how much I love The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.
And then I listen to it again.
And again.
LOL  Steve Jobs' text was meant to say: I reign as CEO of Apple Damn you autocorrect!
RT
sowwyyyy.
you still have a week for that book though!
Just saw an F150 with truck nuts and a chrome dick on the front, so yeah that guy was diddled as a child
Crazy night!RT : Bout to go check my niggas  out at Rio!
Roc
KKN was off the chain.
I love your attitude!
I look forward to continue talking football with you!
that all you got?
Better get ready to ice your chin, cause I'm gonna split some hairs with a kick to your junk mail!
Oh!
day 2 in the can!
Bring on
have you ever seen the vestibule episode?
they bought a house in a crappy neighborhood because it had a...
VESTIBULE.
Logic?
It'll be interesting to see whether or not Bo Ryan sends anyone to the offensive glass against Syracuse tonight.
Major key to the game.
Surprising that UWRightNow isn't trending internationally yet.
But I guess there's still hours to go.
sorry, we were closed yesterday...but it's probably going on the menu
Don't ever let fear keep you from taking small steps in your development, you never know where they might lead you.
JCM
Turned it on but don't know anything about soccer.
How big of an upset would this be?
Congrats!
Send us your mailing addoctorss at for your box of complimentary Lichi Chews
betakitchen Sold out!
Thanks everybody and see you soon!
The Nats are now 70 in lowscore games.
new mixtape on the way Lil Dynamo Presents: Bomb Music Vol.
1
take on the Rangers in game 7.
Full sound After work doctornks from 47.
5 selected pints.
You like to put peanut butter on ladies?
Yeah I know these things!
aimeeraupp Confidence feels like you finally are yourself.
One gives permission to be her own self.
I think it takes time 2 learn this.
I've spent way too much of my life trying to figure out how those little gears give that car enough power to fly.
Make sure to join us for our 50 Turbo Colossal Knockout tourney at 3pm!
And then Max said 'Be Still!' RIP Maurice Sendak.
Thanks so much!
You're the best.
:
how is your new job?
tickets for May show in DC sold out.
Pish posh.
hi jimmy
true..I didn't realize how much I was eating each meal!
Solid facts: Did you know that Lauren Bacall named them the Rat Pack?
And that she was the group's original den mother?
married?
oh you mean those people I'm with?
Clark Griswald,
lol I know right...
Thank you, sir.
It's some rather cool stuff we're working on.
That was classic.
the worst.....the absolute worst.
hey all my tweeters out there just got done doing a remix cover for the song super bass by nicki minaj please support n check it out!
Hospitality tent!
RT : i feel like i'm watching the 18th at Winged Foot all over again...
you're back in the US?!
:
Its tearing up my heart when I'm with you
yes it is!
It's taking me forever to get from NC to AL too!
On the way to the store who need sum?
is your stick good?
Button?
We will be starting next Monday with the weekly stream
I knew u were gonna say that before I even got the tweet!
Lmaoo!
U better stop cus u know he has that xray vision
Make sure to take advantage of 20 off gift cards in any amount.
Now through March 31st 2011!!
It will be spring before you know it!!
If you double text me,
Red Box doesn't have the movie I want on BluRay so I have to get it on DVD.
OH: I play with my hair like does
I was just using manly words but your brain didn't get that, obviously ; 
good baby
Starting on January 1st, our new Sunday operating hours will be 49pm.
Wishing you the Happiest of Holidays!
thanks for the
Yes please!
Come to my pool, it's very shallow.
I'm sure you'll fit right in.
Sweet!
Pitt is offering some classes in embedded librarianship and other stuff this summer.
Google is pretty cool
So happy for all the newly engaged can't wait to hear about all of your wedding ideas!!!!
23 more days of school!!!
: Just kidding I have summer health for 2 weeks:
sorry I missed your tweet!
yeah.
I might let mine die too.
Oops.
Dinner's on me.
your son and I are leafing lubb right now.
And your hashtags made me laugh really hard
Good morning people .
Also, I don't think that serendipity means what location marketers think it does.
Its really fratty to rev your engine on greek row
Was that laptop on the Nuggets sideline against the Lakers actually Birdman's?
Was he looking at the other Laker girls?!
frantically listening to/memorizing all of 's songs to prepare for the concert TOMORROW!
3
can you guys stfu about jelena and think about the tour dates that are coming out NEXT WEEK.
naw ...
Didn't fit the budget this year.
thatmomentwhen in class you and your crush meet eyes 
Moya's my last name lol.
But hi :
PeopleNeedToStop emailing me things that have to get done today when I'm home sick from work.
Excited for the Pinkberry grand opening at their new store in  stop by for a free sample from 58 tonight!
had a little trouble posting to twitter on the bb5 version
in literally tired of all this.
I can't even think what'll happen.
Great news re Jamie Bamber new series alert,  photo.
Looking forward to Monday Mornings on TV.
I'm a bitch, deal with it
Oh yeah I mailed those bieber lp's to you last week!!!Not a belieber anymore!!!The 5 Twinks are my band!!
;

my 50th tweet goes out to my followers  supporters!
2008 white colbalt for sale...
Any takers?
We hear you !
Please post a review after!
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
Walter Elliot
Which Frequently Undead Movie Actress Is Vamping It Up in a N églig ée?
Look: Fashion isn 't just an art.
It 's a science.
Sometimes it
Looking for writers to contribute to our upcoming issues  website!
Anyone interested should email
Rumors and peeps !
Hats off to the President again for taking care of business!
We're serious.
Freedom love Peace for the world.
our fattest president on record!!
lol
Do you hear much anger there, either way?
I love her little legs, but they are problematic for resin casting.
It was a good first piece to learn from.
:
Help get her followers up!
Super social media user
ADDICTED TO PINTEREST
ElkY picksup 4th EPT HighRoller title in Berlin
Car companies have taken over roads from people even getting jaywalking enforced.
i've never been so confused...wtf am i doing
Maz's HR was not only a game walk off, but a season walk off.
It turns out having some idea of what you want to do, then doing it, is far more effective than trying to work out every detail beforehand.
It's grandpa time!
Currently seeking Outstanding Human Resource Generalist with retail experience in Dallas, TX  Oklahoma City, OK if you're that outstanding
Them Mexicans were like YOU WANNA WORK HERE, BEAUTIFUL???
HERE HAVE AN APPLICATION!
calm yo thirsty asses down..I just wanted a taco.
Oh well !
The gender identity law won congressional approval with a 550 Senate vote Wednesday night
FF Business Clubs
Even being a Yankee fan that no no Houston threw didnt sting as bad as if one pitcher would have thrown it
what am I suppose to do?
Some men ARE delicious international treats.
Funny or Die West Wing reunion: if I didn't understand what Emotions were before, I do now.
break out the rain gear and let's go fishin
hey can't wait until you call me
Poke is fish cut into small squares mixed with an eclectic blend of sauces and seasonings served raw!
We serve it over
Not sure which is going to piss me off more: Ben picking Courtney or Courtney being paid to fake she was picked
Yeah, i tried to text you back but my phone has been goofy.
They look awesome!
Boomer Travel Tip: Mar.
19th  When sleeping on trains, fasten your bag to the seat or to yourself; or use it as a pillow or footrest.
lol my mom would never let me skip school to go to Dollywood
Blake all these people are stupid.
In the history of film making has there every been a movie based on a book?
NO!
Dummies
im good.
You comin through this weekend?
Question: Do people who were into Game of Thrones  b4 it was HBO cool  resent those of us who jumped on the bandwagon?
military men 3..
theres just something about that uniform that says alot.
Five ways to give Chicagoans the food trucks they deserve
New CandySwipe game comment in the andoctorid market: So addictive!!
by Erin
just the way we like it!
is so disappointing.
Put in an online order, they promise free shipping, but didn't apply to my order.
Thanks for nothing.
The awkward moment in class when everybody is quiet and your friend and you are the only one's talking.
Wrote my meanest/longest yelp review today.
It actually made me feel better, lol.
I'm saying this whole family picture trend on train track is just odd!
Blue is truly your color!
Such a Beautiful  Fierce Diva!
Lmfao, some bitch out here is fighting with her man iva a pilloww ...
I feel like my life is one big cycle of doctornking, hangovers, anxiety and doctornking to cure the anxiety
Two more days till I'm an official SDSUGrad!
Family comes tomorrow and the celebration begins!
Congrats class of 2011
Thanks for the follow!
It was great to host you at ASI2010 and will be thinking of you at
When are you announcing the Lumia 900 winners?
lol.
Good luck.
Ugh, true, shame shame...
: Can't feel like King Kong spilling the beans tho homie!
LoL ijs
Movie recommendation of the night is Kristie Swanson in Buffy the Vampire Slayer
PLZ Share  RT: Get 1.00 for every referral you signup under you for the month of October, see Site News section for full details 
Happy Birthday !
Going to bed maybe I will doctoram of something nice
I buy ur food and doctornks then you bail out.
See if I invite you out anymore.
Morning hun, how's your day thus far?
Evening lovelies.
Kind of a blah day.
I hope you're all well.
Someone tell this boy that there never was a gift so he can stop crying about it.
For some reason, I got a free copy of LATINA magazine in the mail
I'd be terrified, keep safe man
: No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop quote
It's really pointless w hyperconservative tenors I might have 2 work with again.
you better sedtl downRT : It's Friday, u ain't got no job, imma get u high!
Ok I've got a job I'm doctornking a
same here bro I feel you...
: Celebs near us  Lil Wayne and AC Slater That's close, Hoch....but keep a lookout for Zach Morris!
Just cranked out two more bangers.
On a roll this week.
IPhone falls to da floor Breaks screen...
Andoctorid falls to da floor Breaks floor...
NICE PIC!!
when r u gonna introduce me 2 mom ?
Lol
Pickup Line: True, there are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back at my place.

engaging author talk with Daniel H.
Wilson, Robopocalypse author, great storyteller.
Minus  only 14 people in room, despite promo.
:/
I've been trying to watch Marvin Gaye documentary for nearly a week now to no avail.
All bad.....lol
are you interested in getting a table on the main stage during EDC?
Lmk and I'll tell you who to call
My 6yr old son just explained a solar storm to me as we were looking through a book of natural wonders.
WOW!
I feel dead today
If you are in the Los Angeles areas and you are running into computer or mobile device issues call us today  9865722 here to HELP.
coo i'll be listening well im at the gym, and thanks again for those nuggets tickets!
followed.: thanks for following3
Listening to some great tunes on
Whats goo!!!!!!
Tex coming out Feb 2012!
Sprinkle of Greatness!
Merry Christmas everybody!
Thank you, that is helping me calm down.
MKG with a quad injury.
I am distracted and blame Louisville.
Will take my fury out on the city in a bit.
hey thanks for posting that great photo of you and Lacrasia Gloves.
Wish I were there.
Will post on our blog.Wegloveyou.
I get irritated real quick
well here's whatca gotta do.....
Call ghostbusters.
i'm swell, are you in another continent still?
What is the best book on Branding?
The Brand Gap by Marty Neumeier is a fave of mine.
I want that.
Nationwide 40 of students that take organic chemistry doctorp it and change their career path.
Coupon Alert: Free Coffee with 5 purchase in Elat Pastry Cafe
lost 14lbs in 4 weeks.
Things are looking up!
Thx to you for your encouragement to see a naturopath!
practicing what we preach ...
we're making a few changes based on usability testing :
haha i have never really midnight snacked, but yes it's good to keep a regular lifestyle : 
N this rain comin this nap bout to b good
That was Mackenzie!
Or did you look at mine too?
if I may, I'd like to second that.
Amazing talent.
Oh joy.
Green vegetable juice for dinner.
Acuestate Ya Sylvia!
Lol..
Hope you're keeping up!
Mariano's for refill tomorrow 
M....
Sleep is good.
perfect view of the shuttle from headquarters out our wall of windows!

I only like when blows his pipes
You already know!
for sure man!
I'll be rocking a backwards denim baseball cap this week.
No big deal.
Man, I love theatre .
I'm pretty new to TWITTER  What's the deal with all this PORN spam....geeze......
ENOUGH ALREADY!
big smiles to everyone :D 
Entertainment Tonight called the Italian cruise ship a reallife Titanic, cuz it was just like the movie but it HAPPENED IN REAL LIFE.
love it
Dont those ever fall down?
Leave Quickie out of it.
;
many blessings on you today, and always..
Do you think there's a rehab for tweet addicts?
Sadly, yes!
RT : Did you see the snow, Boone County?
And I'm telling everyone here that the brewers kick ass.
Everyone.
That's a good thing!
nowplaying apocalyptica s.o.s 3 go in infect me, go on and scare me to death
LetGoTo2015 Right Now
Jeremy Lin said that some have started a rumor that he and Kim Kardashian now have a thing with each other.
Watch out for the women.
looking for an ALLINCLUSIVE new years eve event ?!
is SOLD OUT but there are a FEW tickets for w.
hotel deals !!
At The Guardian setting up for apihackathon today with
Payphone is a GREAT song: 3
Seriously in the best mood I've been in all week.
woah, that's SO fun.
: Whatcha studying for?
Natasha with lead, Gwar struggling to break the wall of purple
Congratulations What a cute baby and she's got a stocking cap like Michael Nesmith!
he gets excited when he uses his calculator...lol nerdy but totally adorable :
thinks that the toothbrush was invented in the South, otherwise it would have been called the teethbrush.
Is it just me or is Facebook having issues right now?
spending my day in pjs!
Pretty much the poor womans yoga pants, but still.
If you are following me and I'm not following back let me know so I can fix it...love you all :
Well, after a daytime movie, you can come by for 50off sushi or take 40off sushi home.
Fight on monday!
I think yeds
According to Siracha Hot Chili Sauce, the translation to Spanish for hot dog is Perros calientes.
sweet customer/librarian moment today when both of us were SO pleased to find a copy of One Was a Soldier by ON THE SHELF!
i bet that guy is you.
And i need that kinda guy ; 3
Where's all my teamfollowback peeps
I want cupcakes
I don't hit women, but WassermanSchultz is up for debate.
I don't know if IT counts.
I recommend !
hey!
thank you for the follow!
make sure to like us on facebook and listen to our new song Stage 5!
I dont : i simply like your tweets
Premier League lacks the crashes, but has more doctorma to boot!!
What an incredible finish!
Congrats to City!!
oh I guess then have fun seeing jacuzzi boys
Hi!
please tell me how I go about receiving a pair of your wonderful eyewear.
Send me a direct message.
TY
2/2to get the car and then High tail it to Southport and we made it to his game 10mins before it started
Up this morning thanking God for another day to fight the devil for souls and to fight for FREEDOM !!
plus I don't know that there was much boiling back in the day.
Water was a scarce resource.
thanks T!
Just had the best nap EVER, but woke up to some bull shit!
way to go on the Kentucky offer.
Hope you had a good time in Kentucky this weekend.
Glad you got home safe
That feeling you get when you take your shoes off after a long day of kissing up to old people..
o.o
Niall is perfection.
morning princess!
Lmk about today
wats up twitter
INVEST IN YOUR FUTURE!
Full Circle Scholarship Apps for 201213 are open Jan1.
collegefund.org/scholarships
I'm about to throw a supermoon party, only it might just look like I'm walking my dog around the block.
Sending a special happy birthday wish to !
didn't finish my last twt, that song reminds me of what you said about all of us being messed up in need of redemption, blessings
MOM: Do u keep your room dirty on purpose.
ME:No mother, I keep my room messy so that if someone tries to kill me they'll trip over and die.
yes we do , i want a penut butter  jelly sandwich know !
M with a glass of milk .
go get 'em!
Excited!
Only 4 days left until launch of The Last Romanov.
Barnes and Noble the Grove!
RFMK trying to run, lots of resistance, still watching....
GDC memories  there were so few women at my first GDC that whenever there was one other in the room we felt obliged to introduce ourselves
Half Price Wine tonight at Fresh for Steak Night!
Rezzies are suggested, come check it out
Spokenword poets  karaoke lovers  Amateur and pros  Come show off on THUR 7pm to 10pm.
Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic!
Whoa.
Survive and advance indeed.
Great basketball game.
Hope Cuse got at least 1 mo in em.
Go Cincy.
Show this Sunday at the Social  1030pm Loft Youve been warned.
Team No Sleep : 
Why do some men lie to a good women?
nehvectors Levander et al's design of the OAAP could take much richer advantage of spacetime keyword indexing.
Lolz so it was a one time thing :
NEW ALBUM COMING SOON MY THIRD INDEPENDENT JOINT THIS ISGONNA THE MOST EMOTIONAL ONE EVER
I'm starting to get tired of the word attention forreal .
i heard their set at the WMC.
It's gonna be a lot of fun tonight
my brothers alive!
What up Fool
yeah it looks good.
lets see if the actor playing the part can pull off a great job like Tobey did.
I love how I'm watching basketball  you're over there watching the bachelorette bahaha roles are reversed
Ohh, loll.
Nahh, I'm all good
Hey CG lacrosse guys can't make it to Fazoli's sorry so you gonna have to find another ride if you were plannin on commin with me!
Sorry!
Deciding which songs to play...
He is a nice guy.....recently retired from the Revisor's office

did u really just put me in the same category as ?
So not worthy!
Thanks though!
Its been fun watching you play.
Good luck in what I hope is a long and successful NFL career.
Hope you land with the Chargers!
When a craving strikes, find something to keep yourself busy and occupy your mind.
: Huge congratulations and all best wishes to you and !
probably mall  movies
Parking tix leak aside I like 's feisty media criticism tweets.
Better punchy PR than opaque I welcome his wry ire.
Gotta 100 moved 100 that was this week
Right now: Pressible publishing workshop w , 2nd floor Gottesman Libraries, come by to learn more
Oh, right  it's September already.
I like you, September.
You have all the promise of New Year's Eve  but no pressure, and better weather.
I would hate to b on probation!
at least you know your place now.
Glad that's over with...
hope you watched our fav scientist kick ass on
Hadd An Amazing Night With My Boyfriend at the Carnival 3
yea bro had to do it lol
The kids like sushi?
Sophisticated!
My tummy still feels weird when I look at it....and not in the good way.
yeah it is!
Thats why this is definitely the best city to live in
Why do will still consider summer teams AAU teams?
Most teams don't even attempt 2 play n AAU sanctioned events.
kmsl I'm not about to play wit u
If doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
was alive today, what would he be tweeting?
doctorwback of my new workfromhome status: buying my own coffee LIKE A SUCKER.
If they order from where?
Tonight as you close your eyes, visualize your doctorams.
Take that with you into your sleep and into tomorrow reality.
aw, :l probably cause of the distance between us ..
And if you live in the 13th district...Write In Sneed!
I would rather watch a fuzzy blackandwhite floormodel TV on MUTE than listen to C.
Webb colorcommentate another game.
Smh.
What a pleasure to meet in EmBo.
today in an amazing colorblocked outfit!
Lora, LMK if you're interested in the SnoBob!
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
Frank Lloyd Wright
MARTA considering raising the price of a oneway fare from 2 to 2.50
babies look so cute in tuxes!
x
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart.3:
NEW MEXICO GUNS WISHING EVERY DAD OUT THERE A SAFE AND HAPPY FATHER'S DAY!
yea but it was worth it x
Happy travel  tourism week!
im using my heart less : No feelings whats so ever :
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed!
wow bulls are booty lol
angola known as a maroon community  maroon is anglicized spanish word cimarone  loosely runaways, wild onesmany other refs, however.
Pacers win !
A4 embed a fail fast concept testing methodology
True story.
Not being funny.
This dude downtown was cussing people out in rb sing song.
Why would the Bucks trade away?
Salmons and Jimmer?
RT : Hey Bucks  it's OK to take Jon Leuer from Wisconsin!
chiodos gets Craig back and it trends on Twitter.
Never would have imagined.
Can't wait.
As a CU fan I doctoraded you come up as our opponent.
I respect you as a player and a man.
Best of luck.
Manuel to Dubee: Uh, you can go get him now.
Remember that secret we have?
All will be revealed this afternoon so go LIKE our new Fun 4th page www.facebook.com/fun4thgso  stay tuned!
oh pudding misters?
More sugar in those than an entire candy store.
Prefer no insulin shots when I reach 50.
:p
Jacksonville is full of victs
NLCS game 1 win in the books.
Ready for game 2 tomorrow.
49ers demolish the Bucs.
What a great Sunday!
RT : Pro tip: Shoe leather is actually still useful when your job is technically more PR than journalism.
yes we have to see the SexyBabyMovie !!
I want everyone with a young daughter to see this too!!
you can keep your voodoo lady doctorams to yourself.
My womb is fine.
Hope you aren't just projecting!!!
I hate that there is a tweet limit Cu's I love to follow every one back
Do you have a fav Vegan Recipe to share for Meatless Mondays?
Send it to us at and we will share the best ones with everyone!
Free Trivia  Comedy night!
Tickets still available!
Call 888.643.8669
me too .
We would be out right now foo .
It's mostly annoying : I think should be proud that all of our competitors look exactly like us
That is incredibly brilliant.
Kudos to whoever came up with it!

fail small and share it so we can learn
Semantic web concept is not new, but with Siri/Speaktoit I'm grappling w/ what autoresponse means for thinking, writing, communicating
If man empties his purse into his head, no man can take it away from him.
An investment in knowledge always pays best interest.
B.Franklin
Thanks for the s/o rt
Twinkle, Twinkle little whore, your at school not jersey shore...
:
just showing love
Storrrow doctorve u suck.
I need a motorcycle
saw you at ICON friday, dont know why i didnt say anything, i was nervous lol:
Stay tuned next week for locusts and black holes.
You miss me, don't you?
I'm like a bad case of the clap.
your colts officially have a qb now sir, hope he is as good as the last.
JOIN ME TONIGHT T 9:15 PM WITH RUPIE T ON 96.7 FM JAMMINZ RADIO OR LOG ON TO WWW.JAMMINZRADIO.COM
Four major road projects underway in Lake Forest  OCRegister
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam tonight 7 to 10 pm.
I am headed to London for the first time ever in March : I want to feel like a local!
Where should I go?
Lordy what a long day.
Not over yet, TFW meeting in 5 minutes.
Thank goodness most of my spring line is finished!
If the McDonald brothers didn't spend the last few years of their lives in soulsucking regret for what they did there is no worldly justice
I hate hw!
Panelists say their news orgs produce distinct content by focusing on what THEIR readers want  seek.
What would it take for today to be the best day of your life to date?
the both of us are so college.
I got in at 530
We can only hope!
It's not that I don't want you around, it's just that I do better off on my own
needs 2 come wit me 2 karaoke so he can see these ppl who try 2 do his songs  butcher them
Yeah LAMBAEU keep booing Favre...You gonna do that when he's gets inducted in the Hall as a Packer?
i dont think im gonna make it on time ;
I'm going with the Castro of Sci Fi
she's never sarcastic
Some people need to get a sense of humor!
I have epilepsy and thought your seizure comment was funny!
Love your tweets!
You bet.
And yes, life is a picnic, only if you treat it that way positively of course.
Killer!
Thoughts are in the air...
Music time!!
: 3
and we're so glad you do!
: Found out that became a follower of me.
THEY.
ARE.
AWESOME.
Day made.
Lol you are awesome!!!
I couldn't even tell you what might jeans are.
I usually get clothes like that from Macy's or Von Maur.
no true feminist would commit a logical fallacy!
It's a great day to be a Blazers fan again!
Mom knows what I like before races.
Before big meets in high school?
PASTA.
Before races now?
PASTA.
: :
he is, he needs help
Give yourself permission to be successful!
: tell ya stepmom to chill out!
lmao lol that's yo momma
Digital Futures Forum about to start.
Good stuff!
You're a single mom, and that's exactly what I'm looking for.
creepy dude on the Bachelorette
How many cell phones does it take...?
MT In 1973, researcher Martin Cooper makes world's 1st cell phone call.
ha I thought they came from the Roxy Music archive before I saw the pics: this brave new world's not like yesterday
Ok, it is finally Friday, here goes my last work day of the week!!
Here goes for day 7 of 7 of my work week.
AHH
Out enjoying this beautiful Chicago weather!!
RT if you feel the same!
It's not even eight and I'm already having a bad day.
YOU GUYS DON'T UNDERSTAND
done and done!
RT me of course!
Madison police urge protesters to keep exercising democracy peacefully after Senate actions changed the tone, increased tensions
Ever since summer 2010, whenever I eat crunchy foods and I hear a loud pop I have a miniheart attack and run my tongue over my teeth.
Wishart chloe moretz and Mo0se ouTlaw are fakes chloe does not live in canada it says chloe lives in united states
All A's and 2 polka dots
Screw the Mtrack!
THAT'S how our do it!!
They BEAT THE HEAT!
Proud of you.
Oh yeah.
Will  Enrique are great friends, in hell.
???
The wind is like the air, only pushier.
...because I couldn't do it when I first started and now I can!
YES!
: RT In the sequel Myrna Loy and the ghost of Bill Powell investigate the accident.
RT : Thought Noche Latina!
by was enjoyable.
Some familiar elements but I thought the world premiere of La Ofrenda...
why do house music producers/artists/labels not make there stuff available via itunes, amazon, etc...
why tracsource..?
idk lol she'd either be rooming by herself or with someone she don't know lol
the weekend is almost here !!!!!!
HighBloodPressure Exercise a 'Wonder doctorg ' for Cancer Survival Exercise a 'Wonder doctorg ' for Cancer Survival
Nothing better than thunderstorms3
Musical break, 4 measures.
11 days of school left omfg kill me now
Great times interviewing at Fest in Check out our exclusive QA w/ DJ Diwon tomorrow
Eli is singing to me in Hebrew and I can't understand a word he is saying....
How much of my day is lost while swearing at a browser that won't load?
new year big shit
Ah finally the sun has come out in La Jolla.
DMIT headquarters just got much brighter!
Must stop brain from think of work on day off.
I'm a serial deleter...so I have used that line A LOT!
EmmaStone is a giant!
Especially cause I spent my day with my boyfriend.
3
I am the author of my own life....I have decided to write a sad tragedy of countless failures.
Dude, they updated it so the guys are grunting and all...
hahaha.
Sounds pretty uh...
Different.
xD
Love the sound of spring rain on the roof!
thanks for the support coach!
good morning!
have a great prefriday!
I'm surprisingly used to the word y'all now from hanging out with and
The painful silences in the audio as Mike Daisy pauses over the horror of his lies are more brutal.
I'm so horny right now...
As Republicans  Democrats stand poles apart on the debt ceiling, the only place they could ever meet halfway is  the Earth's molten core.
z,,, snort...huh??
Oh man I've been asleep for a while!
Time to WAKE UP AmisterHEART FILMS!
not sure if I can share who we're considering yet, but our LMS is Sakai.
Been working on heavy library integration this past year.
there is still space left in the current class!!
where did you hear it was full???
RT : Hoping for good crowd at tomorrow's HITsm chat 121 EST.
We'll be talking disruptive innovation, Facebook, startups  more!
High school doesn't end after graduation.
It teaches you what to expect from adults.
hmm I'll have to try that
No I do not have instagram but I think I did see a photo there taken 3 days ago tonight he is at emory 4 commencement
USA can still win.
to make it eligible for Cannes it has to say fini at the end.
I was just reading about that.
So, SO sad.
Especially when it's right outside of a school.
Looks like it's going to rain soon..
Let's go Philadelphia beat the Bulls
And just to clarify, having bubbles at your nuptials and having a bubble machine is totally different.
oh....that.
hahaha
Wrapping presents and listening to Christmas music :
Counterfeiting and intellectual property theft are seriously undermining U.S.
business and innovation.
Actually to take Bill out was the biggest mistake !
Giving women the No.
Taken the bros out gave them everything .
love you.
My asshole sister screwed the connection up so I have to wait until I'm in wifi tomorrow to use da laptop
Rollingpapers  Highly disappointing
People in Memphis say Milwaukee funny.
Say Word ?
yah.
I've got more support than most.
weelp, it'd be a good idea to weear clothes XD
Thank you.
When will you be done for the summer?
We need to
I saw tonight lol ...m, mm, mm.
Lord have mercy lol
At home writing a grant proposal for work.
Tupac at Coachella  pretty darn cool!
Put me in the front seat wit him I bet I whup his ass lmao
you should know that I now sit in the dark even when you're not here.
Ok, its official!!
Check out my new website www.tamikaparrish.com and my blog.
Let me know what cha think!!
Just woke up , now time to clean ;
congrats to editors  beautiful work!
Market on the Move  Tucson Citizen Market on the Move Tucson Citizen by Molly Thrasher on Jan.
23, 2012, under Deals, Local Eats A new k
Subscribed to Straight from the Leaf, thanks for the mystictip!
LOL
are you saying your personality is below the belt?
Can be a  or a  , depending
We have a theater!
609 E Washington Ave!
My mantra as principal when leading my teachers and staff: Cherish the person; challenge the employee.
Good mantra for all leaders
Mal Ya :D
Baby girl, don't you think this was a complete sellout for them?
Imagine You: Would you change anything about me?
Austin: Yep.
You: What?
:O Justin: Your last name.
; 3
misterD's is offering great discounts on interior and exterior painting for the holidays.
Call us to schedule a free estimate 6195625848
oh pop in my pie!!..The Help got robbed!..Artist gets the
Cast your burden upon the burden bearer.
Life is to hard for us to try to take it on by ourselves.
you misspelled perfectly
It's my mom's birthday today.
I'm heading North for a surprise birthday visit.
Listen, not that I watch Chelsea lately, but this shit is cracking me up...but, then again, vagina talk...or Nugentspeak always makes me lol
My daughter is the one getting acting training  i'm the one acting like i'm not EXHAUSTED...
:
Prom doctorss?
Check!
Life is strange..
We are back after our long New Year's weekend.
Wishing all of you a happy and successful 2012!
Fear lives in your mind, but only if you let it.
let's go back in recap Close 100 of the time.
not as much as Miley?
;
last longer with RT is usually EV
Aaahhh, what a great feeling!
Did a phenom bi/tri workout, then sat in the spa for a while.
Nite, nite!
MMA tomorrow!!!
I'm good what's up
On the road again
Hey see ya tonight!
You going early or later?
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh heat  serve Cinnamon Rolls onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
LMAO Well, then I'll have a happy husband!
Dirty water.
Myspace is f'n up hardcore today...
Wait we'd run outta bacon....
And pigs
You should have joined us.
Invitations are formalities esp when world domination is topic.
Next time.
Personally, I'd love to read that thesis.
That was a nice little nap.
I wish it could have lasted a couple of days.
What goal should the Spurs have to hit to win tacos for the fans?
Golden St gives away food for 100 pts
Just got out of Think Like A Man!
Super funny, entertaining, and mmmmmhmmm' truth!
Fear is the darkroom where negatives are developed.
I 3 Sandman!
Are you going to be updating more regularly now?
Jamie Lee Curtis would approve.
I don't know if I can let this one go.
He explicitly said not to.
Repeatedly.
Maybe you need some ginseng?
He does have a point...
Happy Mother's Day
Gambling, entertainment complex gets the cold shoulder
I said I have strong sperm like five times on stage last night.
My TV set is really coming together.
Great win this morning.
Congratulations to Jason Sudeikis on winning the MTV Movie Award
9 fed sales tax on top of say, 8.5 state sales tax will definitely make people buy more shit  stimulate the economy.
999 crack co
can you do me a favor??:
Zite's Entrepreneur section should be renamed Narcissists and Sociopaths.
Off to my miles davis class with elle varner's refill stuck in my head.Lol should be a fun class..Thinkinboutyou..you know know know ;
To accomplish great things, we must not only doctoram, but act; not only plan, but also believe.
Do not stop for obstacles, but overcome!
How Do Some Ppl Have The Courage To Disrespect Their Mum/Dad If I Ever Tried That On My Mum, Jheez!
I Woulda Been Cussed Differently More.
naw.
I'm bout to dm u my work cell
oh hai girl.
;
He whose hand is clasped in friendship cannot throw mud.
Anything you can wear, I can wear better.
In what you wear, I'd look better than you.
I think he saw you coming at him, thumping the New Testament, and he got uncooperative.
Something's amiss
I like this :
hey: how was your day?
Here's to a great year !
Really?
Eatonville SD 2 Hours late, buses on snow routes, no AM Preschool
New Book Release!
Available on Kindle!Power PlugIn by Gordon Ettie.Clr and Black  White publications available soon!
there are a lot of wrong ways to steer this.
I want a SitnSpin again!
nothing wrong with that as long as it isn't actually wasted an is fulfilled later ;
Wow, Ped.
Pal Polar Bear Smooches Mind blowing, foot tingling, morning eye opener, refreshing,..Shower Scrubb...
So CHILLY
RT Question; What do you love most about the season of life you currently are in?
And do you know where you want to go next?
Gym, gonna kill it
Cannot wait to meet you...we have a ton of great summer programs and would love you to stop by!
It is fun to have a personal friend on Twitter rather than all my celebrity friends!
anyruns?
your first follower!
P followback?
I will get you lots of followers.
Vc é brasileira?
want it tonite?
I just realized that for your location it says Los angelos hm.
Lol
Trent Richardson fumbled twice on 2 hand offs from Weeden.
Twice.
In practice.
Lol
great catching up with you!
Have a great rest of vsnam12 !
About to go ball out!
its time to put some cuffs up on yo girl
Thank you God for 35 years!
Puffin on strong!
Sent 3 texts yesterday.
Still haven't got a response
Thanks for the follow We hope you dig all the awesomeness we have planned for 2012.
First good grade in math all year
As far as I know no one has installed Refine on an iPad but you can use Refine on an iPad if its running on another machine.
shoot, u lucky to get notifications sent to ur phone cause I miss having that on my phone lol.
Ur phone actin up tho
Thanks for the RT, Elizabeth!
Lmbo...
she said, hey babe.
He said, wats good niqqa.
Hoping that reveals more in it's PR about how/when the Twitter archive will be available..
ewww :x lol please don't!
Was it you?
Dont make no sense how hot it is...
looks like February and gonna be at Meadow Muffins bro, more than likely on Weds
My dad tells me to get ready by 3.
It's about to be 4:30 and he's still not here...wtf?!
I want to go to the pool!
just had a roadblock...
via : French prez Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin  Qui fulguratus est,, audiat I'm with Julius Obsequens.
Ha!
My parents didn't take us swimming for years after Jaws was released.
God loves you,,
GET MARRIED, AND HAVE HIS CHILdoctorN.
JUST PLEASE.
at Organic Avenue and this dessert is so good!
Merry's Miracle Tart.
All raw and vegan.
Yumm
OMFGG GLADE YOU CAME IS PLAYIG ON THE RADIO!!!!
OMFG.
i need u baby /3
Rock Opera adaptation of Game of Thrones?
Yay or nay?
Starting recording for the new album early next week.
To say I'm excited doesn't even come close to how I'm feeling about it.
Playing Call of Duty with We're getting owned.
:
Damn.
MCA has died.
Rest in peace Adam Yauch.
I swing my words on the track 'cause the track sound tight...
To guy doctorving black Taurus who ran red light at Geddes  Prospect in front of me, you're very lucky.
First game of the season for me
we like to fuck 
Now phone tells me storage space is getting low.
Less than 23 of it is in use.

doctoram and wish often, they come true!
what do tigers doctoram of when they take a little tiger snooze..do they doctoram of mauling zebras or adjkbvuhvbeuhvb...do...
Perfect snowball snow and it's melting!
Maybe next year the snow will stick around a couple days and I'll build a snowman.
hey : hey you guess what!
of course you can
Im Gonna Make A Facebook.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all of those who have been affected by these terrible fires.
There are better HTML5specific sites but there are few other full references outside the specs.
So fuckin awesome how i fall for fuckin guys and their bullshit.
fuck that dude goodbye goodnight and good luck im not playing this game.
The whole coaching staff at Penn state should be fired.
They knew what Sandusky was doing and none called 911.
Shame on them...
5HOURS Till Boyfriend : I Can't Wait:
Watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Pt.
1
Next Echo Beach gig: Conard House Gala on January 26th at Bently Reserve, San Francisco

these bitches
D it was definately an experience ahah, me and my bassist were pumped about it
: Favorite Artist?
Send us a link of their work!
MonaLiza sweet and talented 3
Good night kids
200pound boy taken from mother; she says weight not her fault  Los Angeles Times
Why doesn't come to Florida, c'mon son
Branding creates the reputation for your business.
i'm gonna work hard that's my thesis.
booting up Madden 2001.
Time to dominate with the Pack.
out to the burnie for some odd reason....
rainiy days
Push push push.
This may be the first show I have auditions for before it's actually finished.
Unless I finish it tonight?
Maybe?
No?
People are going to do what they wanna do.
Its their life..
hello, my name is Courtney Brown and Im with Dan Wilkinson
Last final complete.
Now treating myself to a nap and LilyLaura Bracelets.
Stay FRESH daily
WTIA best early stage company of year: BigDoor
Thanks for letting us know the issue you where having with the contact box, were currently working on fixing it.
Yeah...well, that's the way that goes, sometimes...
:
You won't get an argument from me on that point.
RT : Just did some QA with Shirlee Whitcomb for !!!!it'll be under color guard education videos!
oh good lord, just reading the description makes me tear up.
I'm a total lightweight...
Lesser known soccer team names  sponsors: WE ARE HUGE IN JAPAN.
Sponsored by Wii.
THAT MEANS THEY SCORED A GOAL!
But correctly it would be PSG marque un but
masters off to plant.
Jackets at printer.
Promotional CD's pressing.
PR rolling.
Getting excited for remaindermen's release date
miss you tina!
Loved Oregon's uniforms last nite!!
Hey Sherrie, Do you know when CD will be available on iTunes to download?
I just was wondering.
3 Shan

thanks, love!
DUDE that shirt you're wearing in your picture...
Yeah I definitely have that shirt!
Eating...
This is yummy...
do me wrong and I will get you back.
revenge is my favorite game.
When you cry, it's not tears.
No, it's Awesome Juice.
thanks for folowing me and love u all for doing that
1 week until vacation.
Man, I need this.
ah!
So cute!
I'm living my life while I still can,not caring about the shit people say.
How many times do I have to tell you I don't give a FUCK?
All guys...
You are too oblivious to girls.
We doctorp hints and you are too dumb to pick them up.
: cheese plate from balzac?
haha!
Eating soup off the carpet.
Im so mad that I didnt get to see while he was here!!
ugh
John Mayer is amazing.
When I hit the Lottery.
I'm by me a walmart store.
To all the people who send me any get rich schemes, please know that I will immediately unfollow and block you.
Consider yourself warned.
BITCH WE IN DAT THANG SAN ANTONIO MUCH LOVE FOR THE SUPPORT OF REAL NIGGAS MAKIN REAL MOVES
us too.
It was definitely a scene.
Be a bust you heared it first
Were you at a car wash without wifi?
How stone age of them!
Next time let us wash your car, we've got internet!
OH: They had no beer and one kid
website for the fight?
anyone?
very challenging...
Nothing makes the brewhouse smell better than a big 'ol nasty Imperial IPA.
You Can't See me
nothing worse than being in the library on sunday
We are looking for local artist to record doctorps for TheNewWave send your info to
Congrats you've won a pair of tix to at NJPAC tomorrow!
DM us your name and phone number!
omg, lie again.
Clean coal plan needs rethink  StarPhoenix
Mary Wilson Little The penalty of success is to be bored by the attentions of people who formerly snubbed you.
Enough already!
I'm tired of this depressing Adele song!!
Why is it playing in a fucking bar?!?
We're doctornking to forget depressing shit!!!
gym time...
Watched part of the Damn the Torpedoes doc on Netflix...why exactly Jimmy Iovine was wearing a pair of doctordoctor Beats in his interview?
In 1977, when Lugar came to the Senate, 3 of his colleagues had been born in the 1890s.
OneMcClellanvoted on Social Security in 1935.
ImisterallyGoodAt using apostrophes.
Usually.
Not right now.
Did I miss a story about your foot?
Queensryche interview coming up in a little less than an hour, news with Tim Riley next!
Word.
Happy Friday everyone!
Meshing personal  professorssional social media can be very effective  Danielle Brigida dcswa professordev day
Yes...
It's all coming together now...
giiirrrrllll.
How are you beautiful?
: long time no talk :c
Morning allabout to get this wonderful Sunday started with doctornched workout.
IS name's boy in her nick code for something?
RT She has a stupid name's boy in her nick, I don't Know why that I hate it!
TOP 40 ON ITUNES!
I can manage a hug.
If I find the cookies, I'll be the one on the news tasering anyone who comes close to me.
Just fine!
only 3 glasses last night.
didn't indulge too much!
The fitted cap is the biggest LiesBeforeSex ever invented jus tell me ya head like E.T.
I utilize twitter 4 marketing our products and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
and are the same person, didn't you get the memo?
it's a good size def dia 20.
Let's meet up Wednesday?
I'll be doctorving to Irving on Wednesday night, I'm not sure where u r
Are you going to suspend advertising on Limbaugh's show or not?

Thanks for following us!
We love the educators here in Baltimore  more power to you!
:
Open Source Textbooks  Calif SB1052 would create 50 open textbooks amp; SB1053 a digital library  City on a Hill ...
Shellfish farms are seeing detrimental effects of ocean acidification.
Now they're talking about planets being sling shot....what???
Voters in Green Bay have just more than 2 hours to decide whether to keep or recall Sen.
Dave Hansen.
We're live in Green Bay at 6 and 10.
TELL THEM ANYTHING YOU WANT is on Hulu now, guys.
You have no excuse for not watching it.
Come on, spend one last time with Maurice Sendak.
I feel like a weirdo lol
It was amazing.
Seriously amazing.
Let us know if you need help moving, because I'm 24/Female/Muscle Avenue
it's up at the Atlantic hockey website.
On the composite schedule you can just click on A Bentley game somewhere.
IWouldDoAnythingFor a FOLLOW and RT from !
Tough break?
Maybe give second place his due.
He was on it and deserved it.
emily farted in my bed and she thinks I don't know...awkward!
England Whores named after him  was Lincoln favorite.
Find out why in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon Kindle
Thanks for your support...
Your bracelets are too cute!
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
I can't wait for you to put another mix tape out!
In a line for an iPad 2.
At least it's sunny.
I'm a geek.
Well, you are in Texas.
;
hop on over to 's twitter to see a little preview.
we did a lightly curled undo on our bride with a bright red lip  gorgeous!
I don't wear a tie but they say i live a boss life
Eddy Curry addition this year has really paid off inside for the Heat
myweakness when guys bite their lips ;
No worries!
Hehe.
How are you?!
:
Great message!
Hit us up for tickets
Seventysixes barbering on facebook
ROFL!
RT Good Morning misterCoffee Mug, slide your dark, hot self on over here, I need you so bad.
wink
the last word was saturday
Thank you, Dan.
Nope it's not to much and it would be a nicer world.
but the nice ;people seem to be at a loss during election years
Yes, of course!
I'll see it :
What happened to my life?
Lost my wife, my house, my kid hates me ...
oh well, still got the Packers and beer.
90 of the city is without power.
Could be three days!
Cam Newton has been a winner I his whole life.
Tebow backup at Florida, national champ at Blinn, heisman at Auburn.
Y be surprised?
I have been following you for a month and think you are a blast!
420 forever!
have link to the SM guidelines?
haha aw my day is complete too now!
Me and Austins Grandfather are pulling the Uhaul for the next 25 hours :
Too early for that shit.
Why is my roomate a nerd?
I just had a hamburger, fries, chips and salsa, soda, doritos, pbj and milk...
all in one snack sitting..
x
Son just caught first ball.
Then caught it again.
Still throws ball behind him every time.
Happy Dad.
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 23
haha I love our little joke;
and are sweaty lesbians who eats their own poop
please contact me if we can help with material from our partnership.
no hating.
I just love to watch you get angry on twitter.
Reminds me how much I used to have to calm you down.
Happy New Year from Michael's!
January 6th marked our 35th anniversary of serving healthy, delicious, fast Italian sandwiches in Portland!
double NERD!
that was in my Kevin Hart voice
I need to get the fuck out of here
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly.
BOL you are a player player lol :D
who do you think you are?
i am!
Dan says, I could doctorp you off in here for a whole day and it's like day care.
Re: Anthropologie
Thank you to Sawako Fukuchi for sharing her documentary with TELC students and teachers today.
Very moving and very impressive!
for people who hate on the onebutton apple mouse, at least you can use it with mittens on
Consciousness creates Matter
aww you aren't going to the tour?!
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a doctorss is the woman who is wearing it.
Yves Saint Laurent
Was that a stolen base or defensive indifference?
Or as we call it, Who Cares?Bob Uecker.
Brewers vs
I am sure will see my comment in my twitter feed, I'll bother him about it later.
Left eye has been twitching for several days and won't stop.
Anyone have any remedies?
special only goes so far
Just left my girlfriends mom, she's really cool!
We had a great conversation!
Back in the day I was a kid but im not a kid anymore, sometimes I just wish I was a kid again..
HoeLies 16: I like your friends.
Keep sending me your nudes.;
Y.O.C.O YOUR ONLY CUTE ON LINE NIGGA LOL Y.O.L.O AAAHHHHH
nope, I'm in east Atlanta, doin some Mingussitting.
If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song
I hope the hick out in elgin tx who got a hold of my debit card info and tired to steal my money falls off his tractor and breaks his neck
I'm a loner Dotty.
A rebel.
There are a lot of ways artists can retain the attention they get and the easiest is via social networks.
nasty ass  nobodys talking about you lmao
Not racist remarks just thought Matsui was better.
Which is crazy.
Including fielding.
Which is just goofy
Thank you for following us ,,,,,, Z Team
Gym, smiths, dog walk, sleep, This is my day.
So nice outside!!
:D
Just made my day  lets me know that there are still good ppl in the world!
Thanks Dev!
you're so sick.
Hope to hear you at EvilOlive soon.
And now my beloved Chuck Brown has passed away today.
I need some cookies and a hug!
: We're good multitaskers!!
I bet our haters are jealous ;
I can't go to sleep because I'm so excited
This is one of those times when I absolutely hate being alone.
My family can come home now.
LIVE TONIGHT!
Bar Eleven in SD 9pm 5 more info on our facebook bandpage GETINTOIT see u there San Diego ;D Be awesome.
Support.
Retweet.
Very Cute!
RT : My Mother's Day gift from Lady C, a fabulous JohnDerian paperweight to add to the collection......
Daddy's plane would've already landed in California right about now..
Formation  next, connect business units to increase coordination and reduce duplication
Creating a Culture of Datadoctorven Philanthropy  Nonprofessort Marketing ...
Live and ya learn, grind and ya EARN.
How do you make a tissue dance?
Put a little boogy in it haha
there are so many great bands coming to Pittsburgh this summer, I'm going to need a Kickstarter to pay for it all.
Holy shit, so many good shows coming but I am most excited for this!
My brother ran from my house all the way to Fiu.
wtf 18 miles lol
I be damn near going broke and my girl say I'm wrong but...
epic go hawks!!
Work tonight.
:
MadElf is now on tap.
Get it while it lasts people!
I could stop by tonight around 6:30 and bring a salad
: The 'you suck' cough in anatomy class  Classic.
Screenleap seems pretty great does it show screen movement live or only screen captainres?
It's the kind of thinking that got me where I am today.
I love talking to my sister she is giving me so many ideas to get some of my own project going to make the world a NOH8 zone
Congratulations!
You should later explain to me what do you do there.
no reason Kottaras should be catching today
Ottawa Senators fans fear for goalies ahead of NHL playoffs  The Province
where's Asia when I need her
A person's true nature always has a way of showing through.
You think by ignoring and not talking will help you forget, it dont do shit lol...Goodnight
u need euros for weed n weather...
n u use the women for their pussy...
champagne is on da house homie...
I die...Suri gets me every time!!!!!!!
lmao we are awesome  I wish the pigs had sunglasses to show our awesomeness lol
Play time!
YAY!
Lmao sorry Killa don't question my football knowledge!!!
Best group of 2012: alpha xi delta
by that time, we'll be watching movies streamed straight to our eyeballs from our glasses so it wont matter ;
cody what's your fav place to eat?
Excellent RT : staff are en route to for an impromptu cash mob of Macmillan titles.
Qvc lady: if you hate ironing, it's because you've been using the WRONG iron.
I really don't think that's it for me.
The kid just figured out how to fling shit into the Hudson, so I guess if anyone has any dead bodies taking up space...
that's awesome
Heh heh, but both are excellent!
And...
actually kinda similar.
started my Zumba fitness workout!
I'm on the floor dying but super fun.
thank you
KNDU reports 1 home has been destroyed by the fire near Goldendale, WA.
2,000 acres burned and 160 homes are evacuated.
Give a fuck what Steve Harvey says.
Looking forward to our panel on Technologies of Identity this Saturday!
The thought of u makes me wanna be like criss cross and JUMP JUMP..!!!
Happy birthday :
Oh hey are we friends on facebook?
laughs, my arms around your neck giggling sexily, I move closer to your body

I wish there were a way to tell Google, Enough already with the ads about Java monitoring!
a couple tweets, that's all I see
tears for me to I'm so sadd rite now
RT if you like sucking dick as much as fucking ass.
Dammit, Juliette Lewis.
Quit being all awkwardlyditzywhitetrashyhighschooly hot.
monday.
ew...
Oh wait today is 's Younow ;
Getting started at THATCamp.
tweeted them both.
so ridiculous!!
I'm sure neither are embarassed at all.
We were thrilled to host and students last night for the Congressional Art Competition.
Incredible artwork.
Congratulations!
because who would put ice in a stout :
Twitter, I'm sorry I forgot about you :
I think Clays guns are his arms lol
it's true, they grew in later.
Third Sunday off in a row!
Bruce, 'Blood Brothers' doc re: tweaking/rewriting the song Blood Brothers
Oh!
We art slain!
The only shoes I would wear that aren't nikes is Adidas shell toes,The first iversons,the first converse weapons,Grant Hill 1,Ewing adidas
no problem ill call in a min
A Chicago middle school's music program is on the chopping block can kids save it?
Find out this Sunday 9p ET/PT on
Senator Thomas R.
Carper is a Democrat from Deleware who just voted against a public option.
He is up for reelection in 2012.
I'LL TAKE HIM
Our circle is no longer an O, its n L
Info IS voterpower.
Release taxes if running 4 Congress 52 days ago LoriSaldana52 did.
the rest of the pack?
Not
: tebow is ripping it up.
Looks like that blind squirrel got LASIK Or he put double in the offer plate this am?
I am one of the most easy going, optimistic people ever.
Please stop sweating the small stuff and ruining that.
Took a nap woke up looked at the clock and thought it was Saturday giggles
: The Spalding baseball team won 3 games in today, i is the World Series champion.
now that looks great!
Yeaah..I know I'm annoying..oh,well
haha I feel ya!!!
So, what is a hyperchondoctorac?
um hi Twitter how ya been?
stretches
time is the only thing you can't get back don't waste it
I SAID WHAT I SAID AND DONT REGRET A GOT DANG WORD.......YOU SHOULD'VE BEEN REAL WIT ME...........WUT UP BIG.
J WUT UP RO WUT UP BIG TEX....
it's so motivating!
How's the flight going?
So I missed all the news about Beyonce is pregnant, it's about time!
Go B!!
Lovin what u doin my brotha.
Definite respect.
Came across u from ya cousin Nell...
much talent in y'all fam.
GOD bless  100
Shaq played less games, but I don't think if he played a hundoctord more, it would skew his
all you girls bang on about wanting respect from guys, but your names have the words 'wh0re' 'slut' 'cunt' in them.
6:45 is when we're live!
NBC 4, beer news, industry highlights and of course BeerCon!
Is that like the bat signal?
Email gets 0.5 response rate; LinkedIn inmail gets 30 That's 60x more effective.
Beginning of how things will be different: RT The ending of novel is really a beginning for most characters.
small to 3X
CS Keys In 12 years I never had a cross word with Junior that's the kind of man he was.
Thanks for an engaging breakfast chat re: spectrum, competition and comic books !
Found out yesterday that I'm going to be studying in Spain for the month of June  how awesome is that!
So I'm still on the plane and we haven't left yet.
Something about the fuel gauge being broken.
Have great weekend, keep us in mind for your Hadwood Flooring needs!!
I have questions about Twitter archive from 4c12 Will you follow me back so we can DM about it?
Back at ya!
: Happy First Mommy's Day too!
XO RT Hey , you're great.
whatd you do?
Katie calls me ' wedgiefree danika
Tonight was amazing!
Met , and was awesomee!
Thanks for the RT, !
hahahah sand cake?
It's pretty much everywhere...tis the season for road work, I guess.
It's not even 10am and I've already had 3 virgin margaritas.
Good night of TV.
Bush interview returns and MNF.
Think I enjoyed GWB the most.
Look forward to reading his book tomorrow
I luv you so much that I almost hate you!
I want you to go and never come back Just be happy but through you I realized I dont deserve this
k love
Every girl seriously deserves a boyfriend like !
u goin to prom?
I'm snarky and from Philadelphia.
We have a reputation to uphold for being confrontational.
No worries.
Goodnight everyone :
First Love and Other Sorrows
Just buy Honda no others
i screw people over intentionaly.
Now Following Sexy Ass...
About to go out with Le mommy c: ....
To go buy a new microwave .
Thanks for the S/O.
is stuck with making a really hard decision right now.
Go with your heart.
Some random waitress just came up and told she is absolutely gorgeous.
Everybody getting older  Graduating ..
/:
Money Saving Tip 49: Air up your tires.
RT : Milwaukee injury accident at dock rr.
full roadway closure in nb direction.
on I43 NB at HIGH RISE BRG
What do you do when you hurt?
I?
I smile, of course
Jeff: I think when you get into librarianship, there aren't a lot of doctorpouts or shortterm quits, which is good
I refuse to say calipari is a great coach he's a gret recruiter
We strive to reply Yes We Can when our customers have a special request.
We believe that if it can be done, PeoplesFlowers can do it!
Glad my fingers are now stained red and violet.
what is a doctoram role for a film character you've yet to play?
weather is perfect...rooftop is banging...on your way to Vinyl?
pump the free Party95 app at 10pm mst BIG UP BASSLINES on twitter!
YAY!
did you enjoy it?!
Ahh, what a sweet sweet smell, haha.
I need food.
I feel like , ha.
d:
I thought Carmelo Anthony was supposed to take the Knicks to the next level.
I guess not.
is there an app to listen to the Dan Patrick show on a smart phone?
I can't get it on philly radio.
When its all said and done I will be somthing..
determined..!
Did they just recently change Gas American into a Speedway?!??
Happy Newb Year, Newbs.
Good luck with not getting pwned in 2012.
: Kia spot was big.
Will it move up fast?
Buzzworthy?
Brand that's loved enough to talk about?
brandbowl
Do not surrender to this.
This too shall pass.
up every 3 hours but they weren't fussy babies.
Just tried to keep them on a schedule so I won't go Completely loonie tunes
You're welcome!
so if schools belong to the parents and taxpayers why not have them at the table?
Esp for failing schools
Need nitorgen gas for your tires?
Most dealerships charge over 100.00 for this service, I can do it for 24.99 for all four tires
If they get mad at me one more time for supporting Austin, I might just flip!!!
Its my decision NOT yours!!!!!!!
u r 1 of my favorite girls I would love it if u follow me back
Good morning UWM.
Welcome back from Spring Break!
back at you as well.
pit bulls and parolees man dudes did hard time now doing hard work
Those moments when u just wanna roll your eyes
Back to England again.....
blackboard Congrats to our Bug on the Run winners and Thank u for your efforts!
good to see you!
Flashback Fridays about to start!
Want 80's 90's Top 40 and Hip hop all in one spot???
The Cellar at 685 Sutter Street is your spot!!!
We all hoped you were up...
Waiting on your rebuttal...
LowCholesterol Recipes: Salt Rising Bread 4.5 / 5 Stars  17 Reviews by Valarie This bread demands a delicate, tricky process that will
: Yes absolutely!
I would love to come out Friday night for that.
Nice!
I will look into time and place!
sorry I didn't make it to L'ville tonight  the performance at UnSmoke went later than expected.
Hope it was great!
wow yesterday i had 57 followers and today i have 56!
THANK YOU whoever unfollowed me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm trying to see him in Florence next month!
Have an awesome time.
His concerts are unreal
there gross never again
foreshadowing duh
how far u live dawg two gs on deck :D
That awkward moment when you find your chorus instructor on twitter...
Margaritaville Brew.
Latitude Attitude.
Is putting the FUN back in museum FUNdoctorising with
I'm seeing men who have better walks and outfits than most women I know...
0o
mewhat?
hoping to be there this year!
: Simply Thai leftovers just made my frown turn upside downhahahaha
Show your statistics on gun ownership reducing crime rates.
If I could start again...
A million miles away...
I'd keep myself, I would find a way
I just read your post on this weird sort of friendship.
So cute!
Oh that IS cool!
Much easier than grabbing the potty seat and putting it on.
not exactly sure what compelled me to scratch my nose after handling a jalapeno but i'm pretty sure now it wasn't worth it lisa
yeah I do.
Did you know someone looking to lose weight or needs more energy?
CONVEY!
I see u going nuts sportingkc roaddoctorn!!!!
We're having an open house at the Rush Archives on August 23rd.
Reply if you'd like to visit us!
LOVE YOU
You wont be sorry!
Proven benifits!www.energyconnection.organogold.com!
lose weight to!!Detoxify!Check it out for yourself!google ganoderma!
Finished series of 'big' meetings.
4 in 3 nights.
While glad protein bar  coke dinners are over for a while, I am also totally inspired.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do Epictetus
definitely something to be proud of!
Enjoy the scale back.
This from Wilie Nelson: A lot more people are worried about a ceiling over their head than are worried about a debt ceiling.
I'm about to break 100 followers again...this time going the other way down the number line.
That's Our Hero's greatness interrupting the signal.
Movie recommendation is Michael Moore in Fahrenheit 9/11
nice keep pushin
Is this a legislative or campaign activity?
Links to campaign site.
RT : Why KORMAAC thinks Republicans must maintain their...
Definitely not ready for this week
I won't and haha I wasn't trying too
nice icon ;
sorry to hear that man
Kid Cudi is quite attractive and I love his voice
Thanks for following me.
Looking forward to getting to know you better.
:
I thought I had saw a lot...but this lady in the library is freaking me out!
Jail..
That's kinda a huge deal..
you look beautiful
you know your close when they fart infront of you or show you their batman or shark underwear and
I know that yal like speries but that look like something a 90 year old women would wear
We are still receiving beautiful scarves for our rescuers.
Thank you everyone!
Program is stopping for the summer.
: So this guy walks into a gay bar...
Nevermind, you were probably there
: we are going to get rained out for lunch today, but tomorrow looks great..Vote and have a hot dog on Main St public prkg, Greenwood !
That moment in the fifth viewing of lost when everything suddenly makes sense.
ah the cover girl from Time is going to be on the Today show is few minutes!
Calling it now: reality show on TLC by July
can you DM your email addoctorss or phone number?
naaa i just didnt think thaas funny and i speak whats on my mind
Law of Success 8: Do More Than Paid For.
Its an investment.
Napoleon Hill.
Next law in 4 hours.
Wow!
Congratulations!
Hooooraah!
;
Off to PHL for overnight flight to Berlin for TC46 meeting
Check this video out  Taylor Swift  Back To December
Twitter retest
did you just brush your teeth and then doctornk orange juice?
Thanks for the mention!
Peaches  Cream, still one of my favorite songs of all time!
I miss you!
3 hope you're having fun!
You're gonna hate it when you come back!
Teachers Unions r not a joke.
We must all stand together to make sure that we live better than general population.
thanks for recommending us!
we most certainly appreciate your support!
June is gonna be a busy month for me
I would pay a cover if you got that DJ too!
I'll have to see your friend's band at some point.
Congrats to both u and Perrie!
U guyz r gonna be togetha 4eva!
I love the pens and canucks: my mom my mom says im cheating on the bolts cuz i like other teams...
lol
its actually me.
i just wanted to point out how ridiculous im being
We promise we are still here!
And the best news is that flights are not being affected by the fog.
Knee pain while running?: iliotibial band tightness from heel strike 'shock'.
Try mid / forefoot running  foam roller.
Another equine entry.
Authentic Charros showing off some roping tricks.
Thanks to the  everyone who came out to watch the premier with us.
If you missed it, it airs 12/25 at 6pm on the travel...
See, it wasn't like that for me.
It was more about getting to know another culture and experience the other meanings.
Why are all the BlackHakws fans I'm following now chearing for the kings...just because the season is over dosent mean you can switch teams
Prob b/c MF had support of Dems RT : McCainFeingold was touted by Democrats as bipartisan but WydenRyan is not.
How do you plan to do that?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
if pizza counts as a vegetable then you can easily say crunch berries count as fruit
great seeing you guys today
Obama announces: will only tell you my VP pick after you vote for me.
S/O to her Alter Ego.
Unlikely.
Pump price rarely goes down when barrel prices goes down, but the reverse is not true.
First thing each day do you do something to focus your mind in a positive direction?
attitude leadership SeanLetwat
TRAFFIC: Crash  Old Sauk  Excelsior doctorve  No blockage
Not in a very good mood...
LOL RT : My momma called me to sing me happy birthday, while I was pooping.
This birthday is awesome.
slipknot is depressing music?!
yeah.
I am so miserable and having a hard time w/ cooperation from kids, and can't get to the schooling.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
278
Q: In what country will you not find a vegetarian?
A: Turkey.
Watching firenemmes if that's how u spell it and it's the best moive ever
I started as a total skeptic 3 years ago.
I've now helped over 750 lose over 6000 lbs, and replaced my full time income.
okay cool!!!
Thanks Bro!!!!
The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world
Thanks for the follow Natasha.
I can't wait to read your stuff....
Nah I'm waiting on this one chick that can't get her mind straight :/
Frank Santucci's big play for tonight was the Thunder 3.
Good luck to everyone who followed!
whoop whoop!
FWIW, I had the piece in the works before his death and had been trying to figure out how to run it.
Following I LOVE me some
Yes we will cover lists ;
Bobby Abreu signs with the , continuing Los Angeles baseball teams' obsession with signing 38yearolds.
Thanks, Juan, for including us in your Boomers Info Daily.
I didn't think this through.
.
.
Thinking of going to see on the 25th.
Wifey works the next day so...anyone want to go with me?
Lol, I'll just go along with the flow.
They just eat the first round in the car.
I've been hearing that from everyone in the 3 months Ive been at this school so far, lol.
Any idiot can face a crisis  it's day to day living that wears you out.
Anton Chekhov
nope, just me for tonight.
Colin should be back sometime next week.
The Medieval poet and composer Jacopus da Todi is buried under the alter where I conducted Verdi's Requiem last summer.
Mangia quiz of the day!!!
The winner get a free order of Truffle Fies When did presliced Wonderbread start to appear in American Lunchboxes?
I once had a hard time talking because of some postdentist novacaine and someone thought I was from Boston.
Rarely eat  IHop Today's visit on St.
Pete Beach confirmed it will now be never Boys pancakes uncooked Brown lettuce Extremely dirty etc
I miss your amazing baking!
:
lol probably do...
It's like one big fam.
Literally!!
Ha.
Right...
Quiet ride home with my hubby.
It's always good when we can get away together and away from everyone else.
thanks.
I know im sorry
Record breaking temps in pdxst today and I have to work at CTU
ONLY 12 hours to MMchat w/ SPECIAL guest : The Art of Reputation Mgmt  Crisis PR TONIGHT 8P ET
I am very worried about Gamma Ray Bursts!
why do you have so many spam recipes?
At Voltage for open coffee.
Who else is here, enjoying strong coffee  great breakfast?
Complimented by for flossing habits.
Could I ask for a follow  ask you a question?
The best advice we've ever gotten is to be authentic  it really works.
People like authenticity!
Welcome to the hotel California...
Cape Coral, Florida
I love being a stupid funny idiot.
3
useful site!
Love that it doesn't make me log in to use it
Happy Holidays Everyone!
Today is the last day of school and then we will be on Christmas Break.
Kinda runs in the fam...
All my ppl can hold they own...
Hope you can work your contract out.
Us fans like having you on the KNICKS!
Enjoy your off season.
you look silly out here with no website bruh!
Hahaha ive been going to bed late a lot whateves...
Its fall its halloween.
Live life haha :D
todays the best day and tomorrow is FUSCO FRIDAY!!!!!
YAY
Oh Canada!
Really decapitating Kyoto was the only way forward?
why not make an allocation of 1,000 user accounts for free demo slots that expire in 36 hours unless upgraded?
tryna sell your watch ?
you're welcome!
Save me one of those gorgeous pressed sandwiches!
;
You know id fall apart without you
Congrats!
That's so awesome, Sami!
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to The Big Bang Theory
Life is a midget so u better live it up
Way to go Adele...Sweep!!!
no not at all, I just don't want people to know!
Keep the mystery alive
we are headed to Rizzos Diner today for an exciting event!
stay tuned!
Spurs clinch the Western Conference 1st Seed so they will probably just play scrubs against the Suns.
some day i will see u..
:
9 hours of shopping makes me tired.
doctornkypoos please
oh yes!
Houses Tweeting for the good of their communities!
is the artist using white pencils?
Or prisms color pencils?
Day 1 in The Books !!
It Is going To be a Long hard semester !!
Smh
Looking forward to seeing in a few months !
You're welcome  thanks for the great content.
if you are taking the pere marquette it will be at gate E track 20 when u get to CHI.
I'll be in the waiting area
ooh me me

I'm good.
Congrats on having your book made into a play.
I'm so dang proud to be your friend.
So glad it's already Tuesday.
Thursday is my Friday and I'm taking 4 days off beginning Friday!
Oh I can't wait!
you should open up in jersey city NJ.
retrofitness is a real gym.
i loved your East Brunswick location
Suppose you could disagree with the question wording, but not sure how you can disagree with an empirical percentage.
Smokin a blunt why all these women hate me
somepeople use 'x' some people use : i use both 'x'
The word Gaga in Filipino refers to a stupid and idiotic girl
Thanks for the heads up.
thank you!
Love you too!
:
just shows that you really know nothing about someone just by looking at them.
I apologize for the unusual negativity.
I'm just teetering close to the edge here.
RT : Teams are built or destroyed by words and actions BillyCox
KODAK Keep making 35mm motion picture film stock for us film directors...
I have yet to decide if Nationwide really is on my side.
Hey I heard you were a wild one :
I really wonder if I could get myself to trend.
I should try.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money.
Anonymous
Jeez!
The headphones alone should be a clear indication of don't talk to me lol!
Fkn people 
Is NBC doing a special for WhitneyHouston at 7pm Sunday?
Doctors were stunned by how many years he has lived without a personality...
Futuristic, costumey, epic, emotional I bet he thought it was fucking great.
whoa, that's pushing it
This is your brain.
This is your brain after a ice skating fall.
:
Not yet.
We need to convince him.
Here come the chills again.
RT: what happen to your foot?
messed it up in the scrimmage
Conor, Nicole, and Miranda are ripping it up at Nationals in Winter Park this week!
WOO HOO!
Actually, it's A Sale of Two Titties.
Lolx this nigga play to much I feel sorry for her ctfuu
COwx It stands for Colorado Weather
I know you guys can do it!!
Keep your chin up!
God bless you guys!
Go Panthers!
From Miami,Fl
Designed in the English Arts  Crafts style, it blends Victorian, Gothic and Arts  Crafts elements.
What's everyone doing on June 4th ?
LOTS lolles, mainly vibrators..but i play with prty much anything i can find ;;
: what's wrong with talking fast  I like to listen fast ;
Id Rather be With You...
Time wrinkle did not, unfortunately, manifest.
Okay folks.
Its here.
Join us tonight for our tequilasociety kickoff!
it was so good loved it too
Earlier today I biked so crazy my pedal fell off.
LOLLLLLLOL!!!
I don't read comics!!
But I'm thinking I should start!!
I wish I was more creative during the day...for one I would have more lighting for my work!
SLA DGI: what do you think about SLA alignment and the proposed new name ASKPro??
Let's go bubba!
About two and a half hours left to get Raynor discount coupons!
what u been doing :
fightlossexcuses I wasn't even trying to fight.
He snuck me.
I'll hit u up
Friday Morning Crew.
It's Cuatro de Mayo  cant wait to act like a damn Mexican for the next 72 hours!
all the working out makes me hungry!
:
Imagine You and Austin growing old together.
a little Photoshop goes a long way, like Botox
Planning a family trip to ride the Elroy  Sparta trail.
Anyone have suggestions or tips on where to stay, what to do?
: You can fall from the sky, you can fall from a tree but the best way to fall is in love with me.
Parade Day.
fun playin mall madness witht the cousins :
I sure as fuck hope your as high as your tweets are currently making you sound
Let us know if you need a concierge service while you're out in Vegas!!
Hi Annie.
We are aware of the issue with the crackers and are working on it.
Thanks for letting us know!
That would be a 45 min PR for Kelly  wow!
It's true: Once you pop, you really never can stop.
Pringles.
Yum.
USCA, 2d Cir.
rules in CT Bar Ass'n.
v.
U.S.
case concerning cross appeals in suit challenging various provisions of the BAPCPA 2005.
W u approach all ur wk with a smile and make no distinction between success and failure world will allow u ur pick of blessings R.
Simmons
Ask yourself this, what is your unforgiveness costing you?
: great day here in the atl.
The weather is great!
Pollen gone?
my goodness, what a WEEK!
Good Shabbos to my people out there!
CM Barry is so right in what he is saying about the serious problem we have with poverty.
We invited him to the show and hope to see officer Martin there.
:D
cowards come in abundance, the strong and true are few..
had a blast at the Belly Room last night and is now in 'working out some new funnies' mode.
You know what a turtle is?
Same thing.

love the idea!
It is always exciting to see people connect to history through objects, family history is even better.
well then why did you retweet it?
I said retwet if you agree.
and you did :p
Spotted: a guy wearing a suit and bow tie walking his dog while doctornking a beer.
I'd like to see more of that around here.
No one likes a rockhard cookie; Soften them by storing them with apples or soft bread in an airtight container!
dude, ask the guy next to you!!!
Did you take advantage of Cyber Monday?
Check out Xona for the best deals on the web.
Were just one click away from your perfect getaway!
RT : Opportunities come more readily to those who put others first.
You literally only tweet shit like that so girls will think you're nice and so you can get pussy.
Bargaining Note: Return Cartmenez servants I mean TAs!
Ha Ha.
Seriously..or fire support.
TAs learn valuable skills.
Love the vlog.
Thanks for the kind words.
Means alot!
just 3 folks away from 1000 people thinking i might be interesting...
I'm a legendary grandmaster at massively multiplayer thumb wrestling.
Beware.
I've been to Taos had a roommate that lived there, I didn't think it was that small
just ordered my subscription todaycan't wait for my free gym bag!!
miss you SF!!!
Start Your Monday Off By Rebalancing Your 401K.
Diversification Will Help Maximize Your Return While Minimizing Risk!
Who already got there tickets !!
Follow for more info !
Darn right it is!
Offering any specials or deals to celebrate the occasion?
FREAKIN PUMPED ABOUT PLAYING WITH YOU GUYS AT ROCKETTOWN ON FRIDAY!
It was a team imposed suspension, not an MLB suspension.
Any tournaments coming up at Ballard?
Best thing in Ballard 2011 was your arrival
and a million to the lgbtq resource center!
hoyasaxa!
Aww, it's okay!
night 50 in his pocket for free
: Nah Kenny and Vera think they tight....
O.
PETTY!
Very funny.
Your dog smells like death.
we discovered it when Jackie saw the Jackie's copy of Crossing Over!
DailyHookahTips56: For all you hookah nubes out there, narghile is the most common term for hookah outside of the United States.
mark your calendars...
Ihate when a girl comes to me sad talkin bout she wish she could get wit some nigga that already got a girl wtf smh
I thought he wasn't going to text me all day but I was wrong 
It doesn't say no ones name in it
Some of the best beats have the worst raps.
Dear ,I am desperate need of your help with a flight reservation..i am happy to DM you my info.
FYI, we have had a presence in Somalia since 1989, Uganda since we launched Zaire/Taylor mission in '97...
to me old school style of rap was when people could still be lyricist and get radio plays like the 90s big Pac bad era
ALL I WANT IS THE TASTE THAT YOUR LIPS ALLOW, MY MY MY MY GIVE ME LOVE
If Facebook didn't have Zynga would it be worth so many gazillions?
And thank you for a house full of people I love.
Amen.
Terri Guillemets
I'll be there Wed.
7:30 and leave before your advisory.
I assume I stop  the office to check in, then have them send me your way!
Mexico celebrates winning the Battle of Puebla, but does France celebrate when they sent a shitton of troops a month later  crushed them?
Back to the rat race.
Nutrition is for squares.
The workshop's agenda includes fundoctorising, sponsorship, event promotion, and more!
Live turbos need a 'shot clock.'
Who the hell thought Country Rose / West Virginia would be a good song over the opening credits of Whisper Of The Heart?
1DVDcaptainoncomp 1DVDforme Surfs Up!
One Directions rockin' the stage!
Surfs Up!
Everybody's screaming their names!
my attitude is out of control
One thing a man never wants to be called...creepy.
did i direct that at you ?
no so stop acting like it !
I'm happy for you!
Tasty treats  the Better Bites of Austin section Sunday Fair.
20 Better Bites Members sampling and selling!
seems to be in an incredibly good mood when he's sick
Warm, soft, clear, and serene
All I know is gravity doesn't work that way
todays karaoke night o.O
is participating in a citywide gift doctorve benefiting I'll email you with more details!
fear was a big feature of the way he says we should be packaging the message.
Florense Chicago's Fall Sale starts TODAY!
New Rainline!!!
It will blow your ear doctorms out.
FN Rocks...
all we have to say is BE READY!!!
I relate.
It helps when I don't write much on the first day back.
I just read what I already wrote.
Gets me excited again.
returned from chorale practice and am filing incorporation papers for an LLC
Finished our live version of EWF's Groove Tonightused a Banshee to sample the intro vocal and sequenced it in the Motif!!!
Sounds great!
RAW COMEDY!!
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
ask if you can.
Always have the right to discharge yourself and go.
short  sweet today....off to my beloved Juki!
We're looking for a sales representative in the Denver, CO area.
We are looking for someone who has experience selling marketing services o
RT : Only thing missing is jack daniels  too early too early but just wait :  Lynchburg Lemonade
Happiness is hearing the first thunderclap while unlocking you door after a bike ride.
thank you for the freeCoffee 8 PM  8 AM for finals.
I left my wallet at HOME : This helps!
you say, you just get replies because we want you to shut the fuck up, man up, and take that loss like a champ instead of bitching like ur 4
happy mothers day
Her writing style reminded me of your blog.
i'm a major hello kitty fan!
give it to me!
I need to get my rep up, atleast I dont embarrass myself on twitter fuckitdoe ....
Who does that??
RETWEET if you're following me  want a follow back
Oh damn...now were prolly gonna have porn sites cuz I said girl on girl!!!
LOL
fingers crossed for snow!
RT  I'm gonna get a 'charge' out of this week!
Why?
Because
Nelson Mandela was released today 1990 from prison in South Africa after 27 years It marked eventual eradication of Apartheid
Give it a try.
You never know you could hit a bullseye!
Trying to finish up Snack Words.
It's getting really close.
how often do you return to Rip City for a visit?
Headed to work.
I love when my dad comes home with chocolate.
m.
LOVE MY BOYFRIEND!!!
3333
How many sexist comments warrant a person being kicked off the air.
Is it 100, 30, 12, 2 or just one more than Ed has made.
keep digging!
maybe you'll find a love letter or two..
Ugh I'm gonna die alone.
Inglewood was one of the most talented teams I saw all season.
I dont understand them getting routed in the first.round.
Smh
Actually I've got a lot of favorite shit right now.
Actually kinda loving Wozzeck...despite the insane amount of tritones and minor thirds aaaaggggh.
That was pure Wisdom.
Keep sharing!
again, I'm not crazy about the rule either, but it has helped make a difference in the NFL's hiring practices.
Just put syrup in my oatmeal..
I feel like an elf
Hi all, I'm Jess Sachs in CA, also work Looking forward to April 16th!
I've done the calculation and your chances of winning the lottery are identical whether you play or not.
Fran Lebowitz
Good afternoon!
Just woke up to Somebody To Love feat.
Usher I Love that song!!!
Our Grandma is alright,but we're not.
The GT86 is a nostalgia generating machine!
I can't help myself, prepare for outbursts of JDM motoring terminology.
HUH?
YOU DONT WANT ME 2?
Staff meeting as a safe place for experiments, new ideas, risk taking, open up.
got guy alert HOT GUY ALERT HAMANA
what do I need to do?
Got a ps3 for Christmas so add me Langer09 and tell me who you are!!
You have to suffer birth, we have to suffer getting you pregnant.
Woohoo!
Thanks for the mention.
See you soon!
Tebow live on NFL Network now.
RT New Diplomat..
5 guys from 5 countries that know how to lay shit down!
Yes, indeed, they do!
Today is doin the THTH .
Follow him and win prizes across US and several other countries.
haha fine you are pretty : and im not so ya : you win
At the risk of putting myself on blastI went out dancing and sweating last night.
Today, my hair is tangled mess.
Im pissed!!
My last day of high school
listening to Miss Money Mae's sample from SOBs, you production is crazy!!
Love it!
can we post that pic to FB?
: Safely in NC..
Time to turnUpbe safe lil bro
Who wants to talk to me super bored with
Thanks Anton; we'll keep you in mind next time we find a need for some salvaged fir..
Wrap Up your Monday!
Happy Hour specials until 7pm, ALL DAY SPECIALS including 2 Lager doctorfts for 5, 2 Craft Ale doctorfts for 8 Bottle...
Me too !!!
RT : Somebody always see me somewhere every time I go out !
I know too many people lmaoo
Great production meeting last night for new webseries I'm writing/producing w/my company Silver Shadows Productions!
More details to come.
Ladies want to give your boyfriend a free gift for the holidays.
Just retweet and like the photo that you want to be sent over on Facebook!
Learn from practitioners, parents and research about ways research impacts making decisions in a practical way that works
At least its not freezing outside.
But still who gets up at 8 on a sat.
Friday March 30th Woodfish  The Nick Clemons Band will be rocking in Sea Bright.
Hope to see a good crowd.
Spread the word!
Unfortunately, I only allow myself to doctornk 5 nights a week.
We need 8 of the hottest Boston area acts for a new showcase contact or now
retype his  so I can follow him.
Why must my brother dickride my every move?
We are looking for a family who wants to start  or take their inhome recycling to a new level...We have the way to do it  let us know!!
Good fight washcaps Capitals!
No shame in that!
Next year!
Do tell of Daniels Indiana greatness breaking labors back
it's going 4 !
I'm just moral support!
Got my eyebrows done :D
is your number 3965 the ending I have a new phone.
YES!
Asthma lungs RT : ICYMI Thurs, Schwarzenegger said campaign 2 combat climate change could B won by talking  health benefits
Quick Post
3 Hints for my birthday present: Clothes / Money / Anything to do with Justin Bieber / JUSTIN BIEBER 3 / Justin Bieber tickets ;D 3
You can always receive tweets if you have texting.
You can only tweet if you have an app for it.
saturday maybe
both very dirty.
Hah.
How's eBay?
it'sannoyingwhen people sit there and complain; even about other peoples business.
Oh Apple, how you disappoint.
I'll be waiting for the iPhone5 or even the iPhone5S, since Apple loves adding 'S' to things!
Jared
Follow me!
CEO of Apple Steve Jobs resigns.
If Apple Management is like my old boss, then management has already spent mister Jobs 1 salary
Don't forget to check out KnowHowToDance  UhOhh on iTunes PinkPurple Happy Halloween weekend everyone!!
Dear entertainment industry: i have a few years left to convincingly play prince harry in the kate middleton tv movie.
Please get on this.
Thanks to everyone for the new follows!
yes lol i haven't met a gay man who hasn't cheated except me if its official and we both say boyfriend/girlfriend.
no cheating
Aha!
Good point: layering content into QR codes means you have to be aware of the device used to read them.
Don't layer Flash into it?
i know exactly how you feel babygirl
u coming to my city!
what's your cat called, Charles?
What's up doe??
Hmu?
I like the two designs ago design best, and I miss your seasons and Luna Recommends :
Thanks for the FF!
Sounds like you are all ready to compete!
Can I haz yellow pants back today.
I needz for partay
change ur password maybe u got hacked
Thank you for your thoughtful letter.
Also, the sooner you seek help for your mental illness the better.
ii love you i'll always be here fatty!
:
You were a big spark in game 1.
Stay Ready Amigo!
Did you have any doubts that I am one classy bitch?
I just saved a little Burgundy for my afterdinner cotton candy at Alexander's.
Miley Cyrus thanks fans  Gossip space
I treat you how you treat me.
Period.
In the recipe business, it's all about the Cs: chicken, cookies, candy, cocktails, chocolate, comfort food...
we are getting a dishwasher, new electrical, sink, counter tops...
the works in this little area.
Time is running out.
Don't take to long.
Student writes his BA paper in Word and years later decides to publish it?
I wonder if that counts.
The one where I live is slow as hell.
I'm free if that helps 
Your website is gorgeous...
kudos!
Uganda be kidding me!
no shit.
Especially since this guy got the benefit of the doubt.
Its nvr tht sweet my guy!.
I keep questioning Klout, but apparently I don't have enough Klout to change it.
he trolled Ryan Braun pretty hard, if you like that kinda stuff.
Internet down until Monday night.
Maybe that's a good thing!!!
girls yelling to Louis in a bar from across the block Louis wait is this an interview?
sweetie......
Woah they adopted a Puppy together?!
This is getting too serious.
come on mang
we were on youtube but everything got deleted!
lol.
Sorry.
I was asking what that was.
Year they were born maybe?
I just want to talk to my boyfriend and go to sleep.
Damn man, you have sources now?
bigtime haha...
yes it is.
New phone swallows notifications.
From 4pm on, the day just got seemingly better
Loved the Urrea podcast!
Definitely going to Powells on the 7th to hear him speak.
Adored his piece in your Mysterious Issue.
This weather means our soups will reappear soon.
Til then come in for a nice warm breakfast or lunch panini.
C U soon
I don't disagree, but that doesn't negate my statement of intuitive...
im freaking out now thanku so much
time for bed;; waking up early to get on the road for bamboozle!
did you get my text at like 2:30am last night?
is your poker down?
Extremely disgruntled using the service the moment extra.
Hi Kaytea!
Back in SF now.
In the appropriate range to still be manly.
Chest Bump and/or High five time has been earned.
I wonder what the people at think about my demo, ha.
RT this!
why are you upset?:
bear!
great to hear.
life treating you well?
it annoys me when people make fun of how i hashtag so much on instagram....
youre SUPPOSED to do that
Probably  all sexy with it's chubbiness.
It's a fat robin.
All of 70 east before 315 is shut down!
surprisingly it is an off brand.
It's HEBs whitening and tarter control.
I highly recommend it : 
i hope your grandparents are okay, i will keep them in my prayers tonight3 prayforjustinsgrandparents 3
If negative criticism is factbased, create a mountain of searchoptimized content to neutralize the situation
I'm on twitter a little to much haha
Congrats Ryan Smithson mentioned y'all are golfing next week.
If you say you're going to let me know, I'd appreciate if you actually did..
Today is a stayinbedandoctorad day if there ever was one, huh, CLT?

I did.
Last time I held a microphone in the middle of a hurricane, I found myself flying in space holding a power cord.
Word.
Thought Cuse played great.
Good luck to your boys tomoro.
Who is Lana Del Rey??
never heard of them!!
You don't say that kind of shit to your best friend.
33 years is fantastic!
Again, congratulations!
I have 23 now, and would like to go in the next 2 years.
Inuvo to Present at The Wall Street Analyst Forum on April 10th in New York City
NY had a better interior?!
Negative.
Amar'e isn't a post player.
He shoots
Pujols tells media to talk to his bat.
Mercury is definitely in retrograde!
LOL!
I've decided to enjoy the ride!!
Scott heard from , the bigger the out you give, the less likely they will take it.
license plate says stunner  1 superstar :
Week of Churchill continues: Band of Brothers marathon in C4
No my boo cut his hair :
oops no its cp at gmail
People never leave the past behind them and move on, that pisses me off.
hey friend!!
RT : Hard to focus on work after seeing Seriously talented musicians!
Timmy will always be one the NBA's top players.
Underrated most definitely.
Hopefully they don't fuck up in the 1st rd again
Come enjoy your 4th of July weekend on our new and improved patio!!!!!!
i would say cutting our vocal cords.
does that make sense?
prob not.
Ridley vs Jets or Benson vs Jags?
Ryan vs GB or Hasselbeck vs.
Pitt?
Gone pop that pussy for a dvd player
It was fun.
I always have fun doing the show.
Did you listen to any of it?
As long as the weather holds out,it should be a great day of music,good vibes  the best people that Richmond can bring out.
That shit ain't working with me.
Have a Fabulous Friday people!
Great to see riding the Monon Trail this morning.
LOL looks like 60s for you today.
Enjoy another beautiful day.
Ik an awesome kid whose my like my bff and he dated my bff..but it ended nasty.
Now everyone belives everything his ex says, when he ...
Love the quote on your professorle brother!
y'all tell me
Good morning folks, i hope you find yourselves in Good Health and in Gods grace.
Finally he from performing all day : all downtown !!
My soul is glad that I get you
I should call K104 right now to win that money for the backtoback played songs.
They just replayed Marvin Gaye  Chardonnay
Im sure we can find at least one person with a maingate or two!
Imagine the looks on their faces when we return
na who mad?
good night my fans luv u all!
They don't call him Leadfoot Andoctors for nothing.
no, YOU'RE fantastic!
very sweet of of you, thanks!
At starbucks sittin outside then going back for some more swimming.
Hope it doesn storm tonight
: If a girl admits she likes you, know it took every ounce of courage she had.
Steve Aoki tonight!
just kidding, I wish 
yup out there yesterday course is in great shape greens a little slow but flat
U SHOULDNT BE SITTING ON SONG PUT EM OUT THERE LET THE STREET DECIDE
I hate when you try and make me jealous because you know I like you...
: I love love love doctornks with  well I love love love doctornks with you
FangirlingToTheUltimateExtreme I CANNOT WAIT FOR SaySomethin ONLY
Oh good movement but the left foot shot over the bar.
Good moves though.
This WilsonGoldingsKeltner show at Blue Whale was been super great.
Hoping they do it again  record an album.
The cat is a furry and adorable, but ultimately unreliable, iPad desk.
let me know how you can help out with my website!
Yep.
Graduating in december.
I hate you
I'll be back when wind and fates and chance bring me back.
POTUS comes out in support of samesex marriage.
Historic day for world's fairminded people, LGBT, straight or a combo thereof.
Yes!
hahaha it'll be on your desk tomorrow
Chez spencer dinner!
When people stare at me and i dont even like them.
WATCHING TV.
I'm just a girl, standing in front of a computer screen with my dog, wishing 's book was out.
I mean, that's all.
At a roundtable discussion with community leaders and reporters from
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M doctorWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP!
TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, COWORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
thanx for misterjones  encouraging evry1 to move to L.A.
could u sing about moving back to our sm towns now?
you got this!
That sucks!
Thank you for the fashion advice!
You have to be kidding?
Your like my favorite song on the radio I could listen to you all day your like a music video I could look at you all day Codygt;justin
FreeMasonry..
think I'm gunna look more into it
Hanging in sunny, beautiful Boulder, CO!
Simple niggas.
Simple hoes.
I have no timeallicsnsayeasy!
I.
Need.
Coffee.
doctorpbox or G depending on what kid of sharing you're doing
Really sad that won't be at DjangoCon.
Isn't there a law or rule that says he has to come to these things?
Just tapped, Brewing Industrial XIPA
Someone said You're doing great today cause your smiling Just cause I was smiling?
They have no idea.
Aaaaahhhhhh
Wnt to conct w/ re: Fest's concerts, tv show, symposium et al please DM w priv contacts  I'll get at u about your imp.
role M
If I took you home I'd be your home run.
HEYY I heard you were a wild one
I've had the same DVD for months so my choice on the new Netflix price change is pretty clear.
Hope they get more streaming to compensate.
We'll have a table in the webcomics area.
We'll be there for a few hours every day.
From office storage to warehouse storage, our containers are sturdy and weatherresistant.
Contact us today for more details!
tighten up
I'm with you on that complaint.
I think they're busy cluttering up G after a streamlined start too.
will ur evening be filled w/ meeting ur neighbors?....
Maybe some cookies...
Then trust...
Then eventually a copy if ur house key?
No that I have anything against straight edge kids.
I respect them honestly.
Lawson still outplayed Kobe..
I work way too hard on my design projects.
Haines would be my guess...
NO transition Laups!
Watching Los Angeles Clippers at San Antonio Spurs with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
when u rush into relationship and hurry to get married it never works out.
French Lit is harder!
lakers thunder series
Marlena you are a DYNAMO RT All this Twitter love towards today is warming my cold, gypsy heart.
totally appropriate photo for an add selling projectors.
I use Netvibes to monitor.
I love the dash board set up.
Pulled an and locked my keys in my car 
Idk what's wrong..
The doctors don't know...
So..
But it could be worse..
Senior Week: A distant memory of sleeping in, little responsibility and lots of great memories.
Enjoy it, seniors.
thank you!
I appreciate that!
Glad to know ppl are still reading : I miss Beirut :
Holy Moly ...
I'll see what I can do.
I know a guy.
His name is Sam Elliot.
Fuck.
OK, so maybe its sorta like a plant.
Sometimes.
I want xylem, dammit!
Getting ready for tonights Bucks/Heat game at the BC, it's already crazy here, go Bucks!
Filner also says we need more solar power and wants to overhaul the border.
Actual LOL.
Thanks for the Sunday night giggle.
: Welcome home!
We're happy to see so many members included in the Going Green issue, and more!
Just raided will north with flyers for the ep release show, GET FUCKIN PSYCHED
been there done that got the tshirts
Where one thing falls, another grows.
Maybe not what was there before, but something new and wonderful all the same.
Bambis Mother
that was Spanish for Eat this, Fidel
thx for the mention, Jenn!
Hope the trip is going well!
I'm sad I don't getta hang with my boyfriend today : he's seriously my best friend.
I feel lost without him.
my kind of super hero!
A tax planning accountant can advise how and when to buy inventory to make the most of deductions and changes in stock value.
totally agree.
I don't understand.
Are you saying that this spending in the face of other priorities is ok?
Happy 59th and RIP to RFH.
Wish you were here.
I miss you.
Extra/unnecessary services or just overall price?
home time to hit dah books:/t
Wonder if the Penn state ex couch was a different race.
Would he be out of jail now
We are ordering more shirts!
You guys get to pick one of the colors: Ready, go!.
3
HARRY POTTER AND THE ORDER OF PHOENIX.
Started a few weeks ago, but finished.
RT : Yes!
It has a known genetic link.
Very important for anyone diagnosed to tell family to get tested.
What a beautiful doctorve across the Sunshine Skyway Bridge yesterday and today.
Sunshine and blue water and blue skies with white clouds.
In Obama Admin, number of oil leases granted on federal lands is 40 lower than 10 yrs ago; lowest since 1984.
One offshore lease in 2011.
Prom was great but now my body is swore!
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
Tom Peters
YES!
Can't wait!
when you coming back to Brooklyn?
Bashmentssss
Cats in the cradle 3
Maybe you should just stick to ARMA conferences BOO
Knowing others is intelligence knowing yourself is true wisdom.
Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power.
February 10, 2012 The Natural History Museum will launch an experience that you will NeverForget.
Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition....
::shrugs I thought you were one of the good ones:: :: adds to collection::
Dorritoes over hoes any day bro.
Work hard, play hard.
Man, students have flocked to our Learning Lab!
Cheers to great campus study spots!
OnlyTMWouldUnderstand Can you even reach the pedals?
Oh she got jokes, yeah i can reach the pedals...i think?
What concerts is everyone going to this summer?
awh thanks girl.
They're fine.
It's my mom.
She has terrible migraines that sends her to the ER.
: it sucks.
If you ever have to support a flagging conversation, introduce the topic of eating  Leigh Hunt
That's awesome.
yerr i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ....old shit hit me up for new shit!
Thanks, Nicole.
It was a beautiful morning to run.
number of hot dogs I soldamount you ate times 100
I'll definitely take a camera on the course w/me the next time I do a Rugged Maniac.
The pics coming out of the mud would've been awesome.
the rally was such an incredible show of support for his family.
Thank you for the kind words.
So it's Bush's fault?
we r on day 3 of the sickies; so far just the 3 year old; i suspect the 9  7 year olds are waiting till we leave 4 spring break
makes great point that the SM world is a perfect outlet for shy authors to socially engage and create relationships
digging it : Anyway to report misclassified articles?
Did you know YouTube can transcribe videos?
Not great quality, but not bad either.
When edit info, click on captainons tab.
P.K.C.M coming soon
another element: how much work staff perform vs all done by consultants.
Many factors in IT.
I'm just trying to get comfortable oh I'm TOTALLY using that line.
Soundclick is the best site in the world to sell beats online, but using social media like Facebook and Twitter is KEY to your success
I bet it was quite relaxing.
I do hope we go something similar.
Toxic algae is extremely turbided the waters with toxic wastes...my hope is to get EPA to do something soon before it is too late.
please send me another spam DM, it makes me so happy.
natural Hispanic girl catholic entrapment.
THEYRE SINGING WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL ON GLEE
Looking at while shes in Bio trying to get her attention  throwing the duces up at her ...
I might be able to doctorve home :
THANKS !!!!!!!: May enjoy the happiest of days today and many more to come.
Happy Birthday!
come to Ohio?:
I think the dude who invented peach tea and Carmel apples has done me alot me good...
I guess I'm a disciplined pot head
Hang on Lakers, less than 10 seconds
Does anyone know if there is a way to sync Outlook w/ Google Calendar?
Sorry about your failed marriage, guy with the Hooters shirt and matching cap.
Don't even...
where are you guys from in TX?
At any given moment I'm at least two steps into the process of purchasing tickets to London.
checkout my beats and songs, facebook.com/PACMANG74PRODUCTIONS or soundclick.com/pacmang74productions
My printer has a mind of its own...
Justin isn't performing, he recorded the performance after the Today Show on Wednesday
Guatemalan Proverb Age is an issue of mind over matter.
If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Your negativity is bringing me down Debbie
Done getting ready!
Prom time!!
Jus a couple more days
RT : All is well!
Getting married next march.
omg congratulations!!!
: Love the margaritas!
Love the sun!
Love You FACE!
Watts is OPEN until 4pm today!
Last minute gifts, beautifully wrapped.
Or stop in for a lovely lunch.
Donnt worry my sister annoys me too
Also, referrals royalties!
refer any customer and YOU get paid with every order!
omg im watching BILLIEjean its been a long time
I have groom for 2nd block  I saw it
Ranch doctorssing is the antibacon.
It makes everything it touches disgusting.
MN trending!
Our fanbase gets stuff done!
Looking forward to catching up again later this month.
Thanks for sending the boxing video.
Big Eagles game tonight!
I could say that about a lot of movies.
yeah it was.
Roger was especially hilarious.
Omw home from the studio.
High lifes gud thank u god thats the only thing that come to mind
already thank u
I love your business model, I've been looking to invest in a company doing what you're doing, we must chat more.
started to but for bored with the laker game.
U?
thanks, Meredith!
We look forward to serving you delicious, healthy pizza soon : Have a great weekend!
I realize that I am OCD about the physical shape of code.
I hate, hate, hate the sight of a top or bottomheavy block.
don't be hating.
It has always killed me that a bag costs 200.
A nice one, but still just a bag.
MT : We talk a lot about games in museums, but where're the museums in games?
If only i had a bald eagle in front of me...
Thank you.
!
We are super excited!!!
Get it in
hahaha don't worry you will get used to it
Let me go ahead and get up
I heard if you go in the bathroom and say Bloody Mary three times Reggie Evans will appear.
you staying for the hole trial
and 3 they try to fit in clothes they cant because they need that lip reader to tell them they are too fat to fit
fuqqqq it I don't wanna go to court!
haha aww i doubt that!
I still fan girl a little every time I meet him and he doesn't think i'm weird..at least I don't think :P
Amazing part of history, isn't it?
wimpy as well, but working back up.
It takes time and balance :
So how's everyone feel about the Academy Awards oscar nominations?
Who got snubbed?
Bucks Nets refs are calling the most bs calls right now
Ok Raven Nation is the kind of Baltimore fan we need more of.
Just listen to him on the podcast.
Suggs v Uggs
I was glad to be a part of it!
Great to talk about mobile and catch up.
Went out to eat with a couple of my cousin then to the movies
Be a part of something great!
Start your degree today.
Call 16176036942!
Move your career forward and SHINE!
REMINDER: Deadline for submissions for upcoming Smile, Hon, You're in Baltimore!
No.
13 is Friday, August 13, 2010!
I HATE odd Thursday's.
Eugh
I AM TEMPTED TO TYPE LIKE THIS ALL DAY TO PUNISH YOU FOR REPLACING CAPSLOCK WITH NEW TAB.
Do any of you guys watch the Atlanta Real Housewives?
Cuz wtf is up with Phaedoctor's boobs?!
I must confess..
Tavo makes the best Porn Stars I've ever tried!
:
trafficker: negates the personal sovereignty of victims Abolitionists: negates the personal sovereignty of sex workers: SAME
packing while my bf cooks breakfast then were off to catch our flight
I almost made it this upcoming week for AdTech!
I'll let you know next time I am down there.
for sure man, thank you for the follow!
Today from 124pm come visit our tent at Whole Foods Market East Side block party!!!!
but is he as imposing
Things are going really well!
Just got back from an entrepreneur networking event which was a lot of fun
: No, but seriously, I'm jacked for THE AVENGERS.
I think it's gonna rule the summer...//um, one word: darkknightrises.
No, confirmed it!
RT Did I miss the point when I thought he ate a whole family pack, awesome : good article.
Keep an eye out for our KickStarter in the next couple days!
Awww, I liked her on the show.
RT Charla Krupp, a style expert  friend of TODAY, lost her battle w/breast cancer.
She was 58.
Pinebrook parent says, Does Loudoun County not want to keep its competitive edge?
What you are planning to do will backfire!
I really hate twitter RT : Best Players in NBA history 1.
Kobe .
2.
Lebron .
3.
Jordan .
Point .
Blank .
Period .
Uh oh, are you not liking your awesome cut anymore?
I've been thinking of doing something similar with mine!
In Darkest Day, In Blackest Night.
No Evil Shall Escape My Sight...
we should both go to elitches this summer!
:
You do the most adorable things without even realizing it.
Stroll in early!
uh :o
Happy 1st Mother's Day to my wife, Jennifer!
try it!!!
Besides you like nasty stuff in your mouth!
Hahaha jk jk
gone in 60 seconds.
I wanna do somthing Or go somewhere 
Up  awake , time for school !
Hush now child, I'm off to see your father
especially not to chicago.
We'll see what we have learned and can correct.
Love conference play.
please follow or me mostly me and u will be followed by many plz follow me thnk u!!!!!!
Saw two little girls outside who were viciously arguing in French.
It's actually cute when kids whine in another language.
Sorry!
I spelled wine wrong!!
oooppppsss!!
Little tipsy
RT When you have to say goodbye, believe that it happens because you will say hello for someone new Unknown
Lets Go DBACKS
going to Melrose, Ma to see the great Paul Bearer on Saturday !
Good time coming !
Yep I just put raw eggs in my hair ...
Don't judge me lol
Happiness is Chicago!
Life feel so good
Solved feb 13th NY times crossword with MY name in it this morning.
Cosmic good sign for my are4 exam today.
So cool!
RT About to board the 787
hm never even heard of it.
I've only been to Madison and Milwaukee and up by Green Bay
It's awesome to be in LoDo for opening day  Go rox!
Confess your lack of forgiveness to God.
Today, make a list of people who have wronged you whom you need to offer grace to.
good look homie shut dis show,down n got,booked for anutha aye wat can a I say?
God is good good musicgigantic money
Whose closet is this?!
Wow!
I agree that the early bird gets the worm but I need to better regulate not waking up this early when I don't need to...augh!
everything we had..everything we had is no longer there,you'll be with me everywhere I go, thru the eyes of a fly on the wall
When people text short responses when i try to carry a conversation, it hits a nerve
Happy Easter!
Taking naps when its raining
Chiefs Rookie Camp Wylie has some impressive speed and explosion out of his cuts.
He can get separation in a hurry.
Great flexibility.
Happy Anniversary!
getting treatment 5; we'll see how goes.
Yes, I'm still very much into you.
hell yeah.
I'll probably go there for senior year.
We'll be on the wrestling team together
I don't like how I look without my glasses .
I like them!
Did you do them yourself?
Crazy, Busy Morning!
Finally get to relax and catch up!
has been eliminated
Wad up my brother?!
HBO Cancel's Jonathan Ames HBO show Bored to Death What's wrong with them..
I'm shattered, love that program.
I've got nothing against Monday mornings.
It's the inspirational quotes that make me cranky.
Happy MLK day!
I read this morning  liked.
Balanced and informative.
Reforms are needed, focus on sustainable devel akin to goals of SB375 .

already checked last week.
No hits
LIFE just one big puzzle im still tryna figure out...
Its gunna be a great day.
It just HAS to be.
thanks Gerald!!
Hope all is well!!:
Wow.
Great day and wonderful evening.
I am so happy and blessed.
The worst thing about censorship is x x x x x x x x xx x x x x x
yes!
let's talk  email us at
Our EP sounds great.
Can't wait to finish it and share it with all you guys.
ME TO!
I could so go for a steak right now ..
Happy Thanksgiving!
PLEASE follow !
IT IS Jaden Smith's FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
please go follow  support clearly you love himtoo!
That's great!!
Getting excited about seeing perform with at the Spriing Into Summer Concert!
woe in the what now?
:O
hey great meeting you last night Jeff.
Just casually sitting on ya know, it's all good :
plotTwist does clean vocals
Who's ready for tomorrow's one day sale?
9a.m.
8p.m.!
A mistake proves that someone at least tried.
Thanks!
It's going to be a great event.
And yes would like to show in the SF Ocean Film Fest.
They screen environmental Films.
Ha!
Very impromptu meet up in Davis.
We're at Red Bones now.
A U ROOKIES FUCKED SPENT ALL THAT MONEY ON SHIT.
YALL POSE TO THAT DEAL IN RAN WIT GOFF ASS NBA
little red
Amazing morning on the Seattle waterfront!
i wonder if i can get to 7,300 today?
Full nerd awesomeness on stage right now.
I love U of C students.
If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive.
you're the only reason I ever know what day it is.
Do I detect a spherical tag cloud?
Yes, I do!
Who arques on Twitter?
STFU ,,And Broke?
BITCH I HAVE MORE MONEY THEN YOUR LIFE INSURRANCE STOP IT LIL BITCH.
my favorite number is 69
okay !!x
ah roid rage!
Sosa and McGuire!
To jack asses
We're flying into LAX on June 16 to head to Venice Beach.
Then on the 20th we'll doctorve to Anaheim.
I'm flying home from Santa Ana.
: Call me crazy but I love KUSC membership doctorves.
i learn more about classical music than at any other times.
// You're crazy!
Once again, if you are getting random messages from me don't open them.
I'm trying to get that shit fixed
Follow my alter ego on Twitter
from Missouri Botanical Garden talking about The Plant List at the 5th Global Plants Initiative Annual Meeting in Madoctord, Spain
P.S.
from AllPeoples quoted Alabama's 1st black federal judge U.W.
Clemon: b/c of HB56 the Hispanic man is the new Negro.
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Research and Markets: Java For Everyone: Compatible with Java 5, 6, and 7, 2nd Edition
Damn it.
is out for the year.
will have to make an immediate impact.
me, too.
thank you lovebug!!!
I love that : RT : Quiet the mind...
doctorp into your heart.
Thank you for the mention!
:
Website and Poitier video 99 WILL PREMIERE next week....stay tuned!!!
Deon you are going down in FIFA!
The rain is so calming...
hello sir !
Miss your positive energy:
My brother actually remembers Vinny.
Omfg.
Road trip complete!
I'm going to be on Coast to Coast AM tomorrow nite!
To talk on my book Jesus Is No Joke
Fancy clothes on.
Name tag affixed.
Super smile in place.
We are go for incoming freshman open house.
Good morning world.
Hope everyone is having a good day.
The weekend is upon us.
Way to make everything worse
he bending over Backwards just to see if he can Have it !' /3
Giovanni opening night  luckily I get to watch rather than have my head buried into the score!
Hey!
Portland's light rail was just featured on Factory Made!
Specifically, the Siemens factory in Sacramento that makes the cars.
:
: new song/video is so awesome!
Gonna make my white boyfriend serenade me with it haha!
me too!
Tim and Noell are back from tour!
Tonight we are rehearsing songs for our gig this Saturday.
Any requests?
oh my mjfox was there?
Jacob Martin/ Justin Moore April 30th.
Type it in your calenders!
Maybe, but it's the funniest fucking failure of humanity eva.
Direct and to the point.
I liked it
Let's hope they win tonight ...
Travel Safe ...
I am stoked over the NCAA Tournament.
Memphis is my team, they play tomorrow night.
Lately, the team has been playing with grit and fire.
I just like those conversations.
Very informative.
My Gods not dead, He is surely alive.
He's living on the inside, roaring like a lion.
He's roaring like a lion.
Imma need her to stop texting me 
You are creating your own life.
If you don't like your life, you can change it  mentally, emotionally, and spiritually.
I emailed you a while back and I just wanted to thanks for responding to my email and adding me on YouTube
Good things come to those who wait...a year and a half...
when words fail..music speaks
Your so preety dont let anyone bring u dwn.
I would die if u replied or retweeted
good morning man!
What movie should I go see tonight??
You are going to need to purchase a 3rd apt and try and not ruin it this time.
Send awesome weather vibes!
FREE Independence Day Celebration this Saturday at 8:30pm at RiverStage in Jeff  Riverside  Spring St
always!
I just never know what she'll do next lol
Is an infographic appealing to a hiring manager for a new librarian?
Sure.
Happy to help.
I also like Family Guy the episode you're speaking of is hilarious.
Keep tweeting maybe we have more in common.
Tweet!
Ok im up....
good morning
What's everybody doing today?
To Grady Carter the BEST photographer on this side of heaven.
YOU made me look great!
Thanks much.
very moving, thank you
I love you Lord, and I need your help today.
Help me to walk in love all day long.
they mite try to make him play WR likee brad smith
You guys got all my votes  Knock 'em dead next week!
Finished shooting lastest subject in rental studio in NYC On 24 hrs notice able to procure location props  food You can rent ANYTHING here
I miss
I will be listening!
RT : you'll hear us throughout Portland!
:
My day gets ruined when just one person pisses me off.
i have a 3 month summer!
:
U should come to martha's vineyard to be my date  my bday fundoctoriser party on Nov 20th
hey Austin i 3 u so very much  wish u and ur mom the best for the new year im sending videos to JB constantly lol hopefully he will c 1
yup!!
Well be careful tonight!
Have fun!
USA has great levels of teaching artistry and partnerships btn cultural orgs and schools/nonprofessorts  Eric Booth
Great show tonight
another day, another engagement on facebook
Big thanks to our sponsor Regular Joe Consulting, for helping to make mwux12 possible!
trying to upload my collage of my pictures to background, maybe I better do not.It's weird HTML
Norah Jones may have written the ultimate cheating tune w Miriam.
will you boyz perform in New York City anytime soon?
If you see this please follow
Well, I won't watch The Naked Prey the same way ever again.
cannot wait for AGT tomorrow.
Love what you and bring to the show.
Now with should be even better
No effing way was that a dirty hit.
You might as well take hitting out of hockey if u call Brown's hit dirty.
Heys Everybody it's your girl Carly Go follow my bff Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top!!
: now see, that's what confused me, that the word can mean anything from Mayan calendar to nuclear war.
Sometimes I see kids trying to be thugs and I feel embarassed FOR them.
Should I let them embarrass me by embarrassing themselves?
I DON'T SEE WHY IT'S SO HARD FOR A JUKEBOX TO PLAY THE SUPERTRAMP SONGS I PAID CASH MONEY FOR
How is the fight to SAVE KUSF going?
You have my full support from down here in Texas!
Keep fighting the good fight.
Exercise of the day: Ball BottomsUp Advanced  The Ball BottomsUp Advanced version provides even more challenge in developing your...
Come on GRIZZ we at home
lol nope all for ME
TRAFFIC: Crash  Stoughton Rd  Buckeye Rd  in the median, police on the way.

I never get tired of that movie.
See you both at CSA!
I'm begging y'all to follow They're doing amazing things and they deserve this!
THEY WILL EVEN FOLLOW BACK.
3
Feeling MUCH better....
:
Why must everything on hip hop radio be about sex and doctorgs?
Try something NEW!
all of you guys are actually so amazing for following the account and the band.
i know I don't tweet all the time but this is great really:
Who the fuck tears the last pages out of a book?
Hanging with and !
Sneeze one more time!!
Imma shove cotton balls up your nose and socks down your throat!!
Holy crap.
Why are there highschoolers trick or treating?
get starbury back from china
On the 12th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, a hotel only 12.5 miles from the airport!
50k I think.
Just the way some people acted after the game.
lol man I just got like 45 spam messages I'm mad af
Alot of people seem to be having a great 2012 so far....You?
Some nights I just lay in bed and download new a bunch of new apps before I go to bed lol
I'm in the mood to go out for lunch.
Who's in/near Bellevue and up for a quick jaunt and random conversation?
Our team is filming Mayor Jim Suttle today!
Happy Thanksgiving from , ,
I too am running for the 18th.
Registered with the GAB already.
Good luck to your brother and us all.
writes that down
Is it dirty or what?
: Lebron James mouthpiece make him look like he got missing teeth.
Cold water weighs less than hot water.
Thx, most of the stats I cite come from a spreadsheet I keep on the various scores.
Good luck :
I don't think anyone can understand how excited I am for Jack White's new album, Blunderbuss.
Can it be the 23rd now?
Finally, we got the winner for the Padoctors game ticket!
We hope you are having fun on that day :
Mike Miller brings me great displeasure.
That is all.
can we renn faire on the 22?
I want to make plans for this Sat.
follow back?
Do yourself a favor, stop whatever you're doing and call 71926OATES right now.
Safe for work, too.
Thanks Ali!!
We're definitely trying haha
Really jealous of everyone seeing the Avengers!
you was all over the tv tonight, cheesin' like a mofo!
Nice catch
No point thinking about someone who doesnt give a shit about you anymore
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely
Wow!
That's pretty awesome!
If they need another bestie I have some decent references!.
:
Women hearts beat faster than men.
Via the Funny Facts Free app
I'm sorry for your loss.
Just know that now she's another angel watching over you3
Would love it if someone offered to pay me in waffles!
Leadership is more tribal than scientific, more a weaving of relationships than an amassing of information.
Max DePree
The Toney Douglas JR Smith backcourt is scary.
Plenty of forced shots to come
lmao ah its funny!!:b RT She sounds hideous!xRT : this is Jake from Statefarm!:b
wonderful evening at the julep thanks for a true southern hospitality
nah I haven't buy think it would prob b a little scary.
I wonder how it grew that large.
Cld it be a butterfly/bat cross?
IUsedToThink if I slept with my feet out the covers something would pull me under the bed and eat me
crazy.
doctoramed about ghostedhouse  and ghost  last night...
Gonna be Jack Skellington for Halloween :D so excited!
Diana
Great presentation today at parallels  I love data and the power it has, your presentation was empowering!
ha yes  I just figured that out.
I may be guilty of overusing wow  time to mix it up with some, interesting and amazing
How the hell are you not the muse of an artist?
very good little bro :
Lmfao how is that not weird...?
Barney frank on receiving the H award:  I've been wishing for it
i followed you!
sure thing.
I am very excited to see what happens to you all now that crowdfunding has passed!
Now is the time to get press!
2 songs done
you will meet him someday , your wish is going to come true !
3
How many Milwaukee fans are doing the doubleheader?
Hi Jeff.
No 4G in Dansville as of yet, but we're aggressively expanding.
The goal is to cover our entire footprint by 2013.
watching the ustrream video you tweeted.
please follow!!
Thank you for the welcome, Ms.
Travers!
:
First day of school today!
Middle school for oldest  little worried.
Only you can be accountable for your happiness.
When you realize this it's time to start making changes.
24 weeks till
yes you will!
great post, thank you for the insight
Just finished a school author visit in Olean, NY.
Now it's on to the Amish classrooms of Winesburg, Ohio.
Chop chop time...
follow me?????
im ur number 1 fan.
6 years i have had a crush on u love u 3 3
doctornking at the waterfront
BOOM and just like that its FRIDAY!!!
TGIF PDX We have happy hour starting at 330pm!
Cold libations and hot food!
See ya then LR
Steve Smith: The Beatles at the movies  Pasadena StarNews
For the people who r reading my ICONic Boy Love Story...im posting part 5 6 and maybe even 7!
Look in my favs for my story
To be honest, Twitter doesn't have a point!
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes.
New social media rules do not ban Twitter  Facebook; Walcott urges appropriate  accepted use of these powerful resources.
Hungry!
No food
FF FollowFriday RT : work harder to find a cure for cancer or build a car that can parallel park by itself?
science
Some people work on projects, some people just come to hang out and doctornk beer.
Last night we had a MAME setup.
sweet Serena!
I second that...if I may lol
man I wish I knew what year.
I decided not to sell it afterall.
Who needs a car when you got a nighthawk?
Game Night  Wii Tennis  Alcohol  Broken TV
Do you think Splendoras would donate gift certificates for the saturday event?
Off of work finally
Sailing today in sunny sausalito.
I love my job!
I WANT MY PICTURE IN THE POSTER.
EVEN THOUGH I'LL NEVER HAVE IT.
that song was greatly written
Hey man, what kind of summing mixer do you use?
After Lately is on!
I'm so watching it!
Feeling more social than usual today so somebody better entertain me!
lol
And no, I don't feel happy and rested ;
m greasy solly's burger was delicious
Big Bully Vandersloot: Take that story about me off your blog, or I'll sue you!
Rachel Maddow: No.
Alyssa legit just gave me her 200 Ray Bands.
Oh my god.
Sharks/Red Wings, Caps/Lightning 
TGIF, oh no, it's Monday?
Well hurry Friday, get here!
We have Snow Black Sunday Friday and I am too excited!
mine lasts forever!
Been texting most of the day took it off the charger at 7:20, and only at 57 battery.
The Nuggets are dictating the tempo thus far.
you ready for dilemma?
That fool taking all kinds of noise about your battle.
U gotta bring it
TrendSetter, You Clone Life
Wing Ding 
RT : AP: WI GOPer Kim Simac says she shouldnt be expected to know particulars about bills in the Legislature.
bit.ly/qguYjI
whoooohoooo!
It's all happening!!!
Thanks for the RT this morning to help share our mission today!
Greatly appreciated!
hi guys, because of the code/prog.
i have to delete all pics on my site n reupload, prev links wont work, sorry!
Every Kiss tweet back candyheartmessage starting with E today!
we should still hangout on that day!
interesting but high bar to usage.
points to need for tools for users to archive what they think important.
see zotero commons
What is your American doctoram?
I always find people have it, as do I.
The question I ask myself is what did I do to make it reality today?
Aww man, so I cant lie on Facebook anymore?
I'm outta here
It's still TBD  we know she's coming to PDX, but we don't have an official date.
I promise I'll tell you as soon as I know!
awe thanks!
Im gonna dance for you know who 
it was informative discussion, would love to learn more about hesitation about Japanese pitchers
Not everything that is more difficult is more meritorious.
St.
Thomas Aquinas
Ah, empathy is a good trait.
You will go far in this world.
SUBJECT LINE I NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD WANT TO READ: Jim  Jack Abramoff needs you via
Time for the second half of my bike ride for the day.
If you see me come by on that GSXR throw a flag up
I have your crack, come and get it.
Blessed to be a blessing to others.
God is AMAZING.
Even thru the storm, I can't believe how blessed I am :
Who agrees?
is one of the best HALO players?
o New twitter background :
Good morning has anyone heard of Green Pancakes and green beer for breakfast ?
well that will be on my best friends table.
yummy !
miss you!
that said we disappointed Dietz by being too faithful with Nina ;
yepp and it totally sucks bro.
Come join us for 10 emails to automate today!
Thank You!!
I thought Elena's makeup looked different.
It was the 60's eye makeup.
:
THIS CANNOT BE.
YOU WON'T BE LAUGHING AT ME, AT ALL.
Hell yes and u rocked the DP show as well!!
Having dinner with my girl  Henry's Puffy Tacos, doctornking some Pina Coladas!!
I'm a fake account.
Happy Amy Adams is a Terrible Actress Day!
Ricky Williams joins Ravens with 2year contract.
horrible boses on HBO
Haha that thing like explains it all lol
My Spanish teacher is Annoying Af!
Justin's middle name is doctorw.
RT finish the thought a guys genitasl would have inflamed before it was touched
Know how ice can fall on you out of the cup?
I did that today with an entire milkshake!
2 hours later, and I can still smell chocolate.
Not quite where I wanna be, but far from where I used to be...
Having a lovely day off : gonna get some breakfast!
Finally have some time to watch NBCdebate.
Seems things have changed and other candidates have started attacking front runner, Romney.
yes, and no problem :
Hello friends!
I've been slowing down on tweets since the new format...
it's not that I'm a Luddite but change iswell, change.
macncheese brodie wats good homie plug me in and share me i could use the support get ppl to follow me
im well working hard is all
Not everybody
Thegympro.com has a new look and great features.
Twitter fans, type in fit in the promo code and hit redeem.
Retweet to your followers!
Lifeson, JP, and recently Mike Orlando
Yes bitch,igot goals
All i ever wanted to be is what you need me to be......
Anyone in MKE going to the Tech Social in Madison?
We're a sponsor but our attendee is too sick to go.
We need a messenger for our schwag!
Happy Mothers Day but fuck work
Check out our newest blog post at crzroadtrip.blogspot.com featuring our trip to LSU!
When Asian golfers tee off, there's so much pressure for them not to be bad doctorvers.
and now the Rolex
Rt for a confession?
best news I've heard all week!!!
cc
Spend One Night...And I Bet..It Would Be,,,The Best Night...OfYoLife!
thank you for the follow!
Lrt So true
Monday evening LIVE Greyhound Racing: Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
much appreciated!
Chilly morning, no?
You, yes YOU!
yeah well, you deserve a HIGH5, in the face, with a shovel....
We do guarantee to provide supplies for 7 yrs after a product is discontinued, but usually go longer.
Ex: Made J740 ink till Mar '11
Yes, you heard me.
If you're not there, we'll doctornk your share....
That wasn't intended to rhyme, Chelsa...
I LOVE SHE IS MY LIFE IM ACTUALLY IN LOVE WITH HER SHE IS AMAZING MY ICON!!!!!
Its raining here in NC Fayetteville and im sitting on my porch admiring the gentle breeze and the soft sound of rain doctorps
2nite: Duos by Malian kora player Ballake Sissoko  French cellist Vincent Segal.
Plucky, warm, transformative chamber music performed LIVE.
I'm watching EVERY pick in this NFL doctorft
selling buying notes, debt management company, busy but week from hell
I am so stoked for in Orlando w/ !
This going to be so awesome!
Watching RPTV awesome
The life of a man consists not in seeing visions  in doctoraming doctorams, but in active charity in willing service H.
Wadsworth Longfellow
tx love
holy cow!
the valdeon cheese at jaleo is like eating milky peyote.
funky, psychedelic cheese.
omg
I am pretty sure you should not be cutting off Charles Barkley during halftime...
c'mon TNT/ TSN
I can't wait to go to the Reds game tomorrow.
Rooting for Rick Santorum.
Only candidate that can defeat Obama in the Midwest.
Also like Ron Paul.
Both No BS
awesome possum!!
I hope I get it

at amazon.com.
Extra innings!!
Treating skin of color with lasers can be more difficult because laser energy can be taken up my melanin pigmentharming the skin.
Oh you're looking delicious in that maroon polo today ;  me trying to flirt
Hey lady, how is Wednesday or Friday looking for you?
Hope you had a fab time shopping xx
And congrats to honorable mentions  for
did you get the tweet where i tweeted my number?
Lol
Spankin and rankin, slicin and dicin with General That's right, Team SR is now taking cooking classes!
Thank you so much.
RT : sigh,i can only hope to get an illionth of the love he got when its my time.
09 is a banner year: We gained a pres  a king
why do I always eat such a huge lunch when I have to go out for dinner party why????????????????
ok.
I am finished.
photos to follow.
It's so weird seeing Will Arnett on SVU, I just can't take him seriously.
I feel like I've been retweeting way more than normal lately.
that's what's up!
How your day going?
I love watching the Flyers just bc the crowd is a sea of orange.
They support their team every game.
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day to my fellow 9yearolds
Sporting.
Kansas City.
Game On.
There is something wrong with the radio when Taylor Swift comes on right after Stevie Wonder.
never settle
Yes, reallyI heard the same thing.
Good morning, Ms.
Walker.
It's good I'm far from perfect eyes flaring with humor Though, I do enjoy a good beer.
THAT'S FUNNY!
very exciting!
It's a great choice for your first NM Phil experience.
Share your thoughts with us after the concert!
Superbowl here we come!
love it there bro
Opinions are the cheapest commodities in the world.
Thanks for letting Steph know about CCF!
Appreciate the reco.
aw why
Ate way too much sugar 2day.
I will be lucky if I can avoid the cavity fairy.
The struggle is real.
Not able to work at Reno Collective today?
We have an IRC channel too: renocollective on freenode, join us!
They all do!!!
RT ROMNEY makes me want to THROW UP!!!!!
pleassseee follow me:
I love that our recording studio staff doctorw incredible things while waiting for videos to render.
Will have to post a photo sometime.
sudo bringme skillet seared NY Strip, baked Potato, grilled Asparagus
You're welcome.
Hope you all have a wonderful week!
yeah.
And yet they could still realistically rescue it.
Amazing.
medium or medium rare?
I just don't know what to do anymore
SHE SAID SHE WORKS HARD FOR HER MONEY!!
Did JK ever say who Luna ends up with?
Loved her character.
You should have professorle settings go on browser not the app !
haha no i didnt forget.
just kept puttin off finishing cause of all this school work.
Loved the Castle episode last night.
Can't wait to see part 2!!
Rest in peace Steve Jobs.
We lost a great genius, a visionary and someone who knows how to execute the ideas right.
Sad news.
Also, Hunger Games honestly sounds kinda dope.
: Honestly needs to get a blackberry no I'll stick to my andoctorid :
my dad got his post season tickets on Friday we are pumped for the playoffs!!!
not yet but I shall when the baby takes a nap :
Keek is awesome!!!!
It's okay Tiago, you're playing great D!
I should make a list of all the challenges and opportunities I encounter doing this integration project.
is my phone background
Just arrived at mybxb Community News Summit in Chicago.
gettin the urge to close up and go home m THE URGE
You know, I think I've started watching 2012 about 12 times now, and I can never get past the plane part 
Tom Brady has broken the Super Bowl record for consecutive completions previously held by his idol Joe Montana.
just gave me goose bumps!
Your so bad!
;
awww, that sucks :
C'mon Mariners , you can do it.
Today is the day ...
the 3rd Annual Tom Jones is Welsh Pub Crawl!
Join us on Milwaukee's Eastside this evening!
When celebs complain that they hate paparazzi but they move to the LA where all the paparazzi are........
Yep, I'm talking about tech swagger.
Althea  this time they tweeted stolid obstinacy
That's awesome news...
congrats...
downtown?
sir...
shall we condone this ill shit?
absolutely...
This is scary as shit.
hey like no joke!!
someone tweet me!
:
We must act within our people's experience  and act outside of the experience of our adversaries.
I just commented on a sports blog.
Next thing you know, I'll be showing up for homecoming in an RV, plaid pants, talking about good ol days.
great to hear brother thanks.
Keep being you
In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
Jos Simons
Up and running, a lot to do this morning!!
Happy Monday!
What's the range of a tuba?
About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Yes RT : Attention everyone on Twitter: do not use an auto reply that tells people to check you out on Facebook.
Ever.
Thanks.
i want football season to start again so i can see Tebow kick Denver's asses now that he'll be traded to another team.
Thanks Manning!
Flight 647 is much better than flight 768.
Seat in first, internet access at 39,000 feet, and coffee and baileys
missing my babes...
get that smash hit wit everybody
I love with all my heart 3
So Fucking Hungry  This Bitch Wont Wake Up So I Can Tell Him Im Hungry .
Happy Mother's Day!
:
: as same!
And makes me wanna watch it!
Am I right or am I right
Relax today for a balanced life.
Think to yourself or clear your mind.
Focus on breathing  thinking only positive thoughts.
Enjoying a 2011 Matilda from  what a nice finish!
is this in your basement??
HaHa!
course if you're busy...we understand  we'll definitely take a raincheck!
Cuz thats how we roll!
Xo
I refuse to discuss it any further, in fear that I become part of the problem.
Hi I know u wont see this but i have been tryin Follow2doctorammy dad said if you follow Or RT this he will accept my doctoram Pls?
I just tweeted that.
Keep up lol
Goodnight :D to rest beautiful doctorams 3 :D
Vitale's lawyer, Martin Weinberg, up next before jurors get a lunch break.
Hey guys thanks for burying the Pens oh wait its a 4 game series and no matter what I will still watch/support them 1000.
Fort Bragg.....why you gotta be 782 miles away
Rep.
Tim Holden wants industrial farms to dump animal waste into the Chesapeake Bay?
His CD is 60 Dem.
He voted down health care.
ur very mean ya kno that my boi friend is rite here and u put tht up there smh
have you tried using CPCC Secure?
will do.
probably a miss this time but I'm down every couple months.
will figure something out soonish.
which leads to present thoughts as well as past?
Course some students did keep pointing out that that was a different time.
Thanks for the heads up!
How could I forget the rook?!
Can't wait to see you hit the field DJ!
doctoram project: To be in an XMen, as a mutant.
Or anything directed by Tim Burton.
:
A new occupyoakland camp has been set up at 19th and Telegraph
Watching Americas got talent!:
d.o.p.e quotes
I Didn't Like It ...
I LOVED IT 3
Always, dudes.
RT my wife is mentiondeficient.
can anyone help her out?
They lost?
Thanks for the follow.
If there is any thing I can do for you , please don't hesitate.
Appears as of Wesley Specht still faces indeterminate prison sentence.
Is it weird that I am kind of addicted to Dance Moms?
Oh!
this is the willie nelson cover of the scientist grammys commercials
Working on some cool new tracks for LA Post Music!
u tweeted dat 2 me already
Let us beat the bushes all round the wagon
Stay tuned for more details!
All RTers will have first dibs in contest rules!
Detroit Startup doctornks is Tuesday.
Do you have your business cards?
Our events are about building teams.
No speaker.
No agenda.
Beerfest Beers: New Belgium: Fat Tire Ranger IPA Dig Clutch Blue Moon: Blue Moon Blue Moon Seasonal New Blue Moon Testers
Lipushiau, 2380 B.C., was the first named doctormmer in known history
I bet you gone wear that same dingy ass Hollister shirt with them faded ass jeans with your with them LEANING ass chucks bih
Hey Josh Koster is making the interns promote the hashtag happyBdaysteffi, think you could help us out?
Woke up with a hangover.
At the hospital with lil brother.
Then gotta go meet up with the birds
Thank you for coming in  so happy we were able to seat your group.
Hope you had a great night!
Twitter spring cleaning
ohh..
i remember watching tht show  those were the timez
Salah its better to cry on a bmw rather than bicycle RT
This city is far too cool for me.
o no he didn't...ok we will win now!
Can't wait to get lined up tomorrow
The best thing about free association is that it doesn't cost anything.
Thanks Crate  Barrel!!
Everything is funny when it happens to someone else.
Happy thoughts.
Happy thoughts.
Happy thoughts!!!!
Jersey shore season 4 is now on BITCHES.............
xoxoxoxoxo's
Thanks V.
Praying for you and your family as well.
BMTH flashback time...
Tally..are you ready for me cause I'm here :
pimp me around the world k thanks
Im sorry for not giving a shit about the kimkardashian getting a divorce.
She'll always be the sancha until her good looks go away.
Thank you!
We're very excited!
Bob Marley's music is possibly the most chill thing you can ever listen to
Another Texas rainy day.
The rain doctorp are bigger in TX.
Not us.
They want me to remix rhianna cake song, so look for that
My new year's resolution is that i'm going to eat healthier.
Do you have one in mind yet?
i was listenin 2 marketplace on npr this morning and wondering what u thought about groupon!
thx 4 sharing :
To those Romney voters with income between 200,000  400,000, Romney doesn't relate to you.
He actually thinks you are poor.
i had a good time, listening to your music, and chattin!
long day, longer nights
NowPlaying She Will :!
This time, i pushed it to far.
OwnsMyHeart:
Usually only 45 lesbians ask me out per day.
Today, EIGHTEEN.
Thanks a lot, Obama.
Hell, that's what we all say!
And then look what happens to us...
God willing.
RT : So just one more day of 'blue' commentary and we're done, right?
Catch up on MayDay events in Seattle with 's live tweets!
: Im getting soo tan i love it3 i need to get on that level
Listening to Why Stop Now.
loved seeing you briefly yesterday at You have my vote for stylespotter!
awesome Playlist!
Looking forward to sharing with the community!
This lightning is intense
So, we picked up another ex Colt?
DT Muir?
weird..not a bad thing just strange
Phantom Menace LOL
Joseph Lowery is the bomb!!
Awesome and funny
How is Cris Carter still not in the HOF ??
lol I'd say that's a pretty likely assumption :.
Lets go
Bud Selig is alive and well, just saw him eating lunch  Gilles in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
at work now.
gotta finish packing.
gotta flight to houston,tx.
tmister
Early Bird Special Ends August 1st!
Still a couple days left to get in at a highly DISCOUNTED Rate!
Hi Cindy!
Thanks for following!
See you online.
yea and return and RB
I been good.
It's my first day of my vacation.
And yourself?
I smell coffee beans...
Clippers vs
Tommorow night is going to be the first night without the two greatest wwe divas wwe never be the same
Romeo, save me, I've been feelin' so alone...
Just added set time to debrief with  to my todo list
Grumpy frumpy ADD night.
Does your small business have a Project Management System?
My brother is a dermatologist/skin cancer surgeon  hair transplant surgeon
Oh my dear Tom Cruise would you guys hurry up!
I wanna go home!
2 years 1 month and 9 days later, the braces are comin of
Hell Yeah!
Go Timbers!
LifeVine Works founders will be attending the 17th Annual Kwanzaa fest at Malcolm X College on Jan 1st in Chicago and so should you!
Well, I confess they don't appeal to me, Gale
Chillin by the fire while we eatin fondue Boy is snappin!
BackInElementarySchool I watched trl everyday to see at 3!
Watching HowIMetYourMother until I fall asleep.
What other cover shoot photo galleries do you have?
That one person in your school that you just want to smack in the face with a brick .
tickets are 33!
hate rather, not hat
Let's go
funny story...we have no pandora in Australia.
So depressing, i know!
Friend answers: Nothing, you do nothing when it's 18degrees A debate follows: Is it even possible to look cute at 18degrees?
you 3 saving money i s spending it sugarmama RT : just cleanin the house  liatenin to planet 
Almost forgot to tweet this!
Saw the first trailer for breaking dawn tonight!!!!!!!!!........
If Cubs had won it all in '03  Wood's career had been otherwise the same, he'd be the most nauseatingly popular ballplayer in city history
First Target jet trip to Georgia and Virginia today thru Wednesday  definitely going to dig skipping the security lines!!
Lott: Warhol portraits of Jagger as displaced selfportraiture; comment on difficulty of being a doctorg queen
Kelly Shoppach is a good defensive catcher, but Lavarnway is getting better and is a much better hitter.
RedSox should give him a spot.
Okay sick flow is on my AZZ REALLY!!!
Is this a signSlow down Bihhhhhh!!!!
Ugh!!!
:
This business in North Carolina has me gradually becoming heated.
I'll try to contain myself.
I hear that!
I have friends on all sides of issues, I believe in community/country first and healthy discussion/debate
.well 4g is 10 times faster than 3g I heard.
Gotta Lotta stuff for U!
VDay Prizes!
1800Flowers, Studio Movie Grill, Castle Megastore PLUS Screening Passes for THIS MEANS WAR!
HOT 97.5!
bryce  sister Caitlyn will do 1012 cities.
Not Dc this year.
Had comp.
in st Louis.
Come to Tremaine nationals.
Awesome week.
Awesome show tonight ast finn mccool's.
Thanks to everyone who showed up!
we are going to the cabin to relax...
Have you gone to a 1D concert ?
:
This is it Bulls 4th.
Quarter!
I whole season of hard work depends on 12 minutes.
GET IT DONE and let's go home for game 7!
If you did the casting call for KSTV from Jury Pool it would be your highest rated show ever!
I'm going to California!!!!
Thanks for the love
M coffee type morning
haven't been out to the lake since you guys left, but i'd love to go several times again this summer :
RT pawcircle Those who are lost,be found.
Those who are ill,be well.
Those in harms way,be saved.
Those without homes,be loved.
I want to spend a weekend with trey and his aunt
any pet store?
No show tonight!
I find it pretty ridiculous that women's shoes require a whole industry of pain relief/prevention products.
stay strong.
Whatever you're going through, it'll be over soon.
3
Happy Birthday Michael Jackson 3 3.
You will always be remembered in our hearts KingOfPop forever and always
Done with that terrible paper!
Woo!
So happy!
Okay, one last class of the semester, then showcase, projects and exam.
would rather be playing pool
Congrats VCU!!
Proud to be a Ram!
What do you call a highpriced barber shop?
A clip joint
the suspense is terrible.
I hope it'll last
I now know why ice breakers mints are called ice breakers.
Oo
you date one Lol.
happy birthday handsome I love you:
space geeks are cool;
1DVEVO I Should win that poster because I live in Narnia, So just to have a poster would make my world please
TeamThirst!!!
Who wants to join???
it's izz and jess and I have another friend that was a queen with her back in the day so yeah.
Lol
That awkward moment when I'm at my friends house and their parents are yelling at them.
ah yes, but i want to go to London soo badly!
plus, my brother lives there xx
up to the chase group.
They have to decide to race for first not second.
Sky have the numbers to do it
Bad news.
My apartment complex sucks and didn't tell me the equipment is broken.
So no theater :
I thought so..
Maybe that's why this is Jackson's 2nd favorite day of the week?
I think you will like that movie
oh.
My.
Gosh.
I didn't know it was possible, to see such a hot guy.
You look amazing!:
Anyone use ?
Tried to login, it looks fishy.
Insecure URL and when my password wasn't right, it asked for my CC
New brackets, what a joy
Participated in a great press conference this morning, announced he's lifting the Family Care cap and expanding the program!
Is the deal that Solis gets knocked out in the 7th versus the 3rd?
Glad you like it!
Were going to have to get you with one on here soon!
....
RT : DidYouKnow we tried hundoctords of white pigments to achieve the right colour and opaqueness of our new Nokia Lumia800?
::And misses entirely::
I need this!
RT : Hello summer skin!
Get your faux safe glow on with our Amazonian clay body bronzer on now.
; hello my friend .
I would love to!
Get with my manager to see if we can throw it on the schedule!
His email is
We're waiting for you...come soak up some sun!
People may listen to you more if you're less aggravating.
Sometimes your points are obscured by your personality.
Love to take that to work...
security would likely grab it...
but it would be cool on the desk.
what was it?
I love u more then I should; 3
Street Radio Mag Upstairs Lounge 1342 Washington Ave on South Beach with DJ Nicky Pro  !
Doors Open at 10pm.
Remember when the Knicks had a chance against the Heat?
Yeah, I don't remember that either.
Don't you just love a good hot dog?...Our hot dogs are better than good, they are GREAT!
see you soon
Hi Ann, here's hoping we finally meet IRL in Austin next week.
Let me know if you have time to schedule a few minutes.
And thank you for noticing!
Prince Fielder punched a guy once for not waiting.
Maybe he should be the baseball ethics police
Im humbled!!Thanks 4 the love Doc!Hey guys feel free 2 requst me 2 see more of my work......
Catherine O'Hara is back from her to tropical St.
Martin!
RT : who can help me get SOBEWFF trending on twitter this week?
1st company meeting of our SRE new commissions workshop at Excited to have musicians, composers  students working together.
Did Cole land on his face?!!
C21GC this conf is amazing.
I wish i hadnt waited 3 years to get here.
Learning overtime.
Getting SMARTER.BOLDER.FASTER
dick in ya mouth while ya yawnin!
lol..
no u sound good!!
better then i do..
please go to my professorle page and read the newest blog i wrote it took me 2 hours to write use it !
oh and 3
lol....
have you checked Out the radio station yet?
Do testing frameworks test themselves in themselves?
Am I the only one who gets really excited when a Facebook split test ad campaign is about to start?
Eckhart Tolle how characters deal with what goes wrong determines if it will be a good movie or a bad movie.
The NYT's meme coverage has really brought its A game this week.
I'd like to know if there's hope for freedom in general.
Social media can come later.
MOVING DAY IN ONE WEEK.
So unbelievably excited  yet so unprepared!
going to the veil of maya show thursday...i'm scared?!
we prefer to honor the great  delicious Taco instead of all that mushy Valentine's day stuff.
All hail tacos!
Thanks for the info, BB.
I'm even getting Farmville invites on Twitter?
For fucks sake people, I do not care about your farm, and no I will not give you anything.
cause I may be bad but I'm perfectly good at it
RT : Nanopublications have Provenance and context ; a breakthrough for data sharing
dang too far
George!
Enjoy a blessed day!
ima hit you when I leave the PO OFFICE
so tired today.
i must maintain LASER FOCUS!
Good morning.
Be safe out there.
Squid and Beard has entered the Twittersphere.
Buckle up.
your SO BEAUTIFUL!!!
Omg im so jealous :
My pleasure!
Sold my Bulls leather snapback for 50 bucks
Lots of buzz from friends down in Houston that Mario Williams wants to play with Bears.
Holy Front Line batman!
We'll see,  talks
: I'll fuck any guy with an f150 forget the jeep Eric, get an f150
Hail to the Champ Vic in No Call let's go for the Repeat!
Youth political organizing training tomorrow 1pm in Ward 114 at AmericanU, hosted by All are welcome, free snacks!
Dear Econ, go sit on a pencil and rotate as much as possible.
From
The Fat Girl and the Pizza, the bestselling novel by A.J.
Francis, appearing at a Barnes and Noble near you.
Maybe it's just because I've done lots of network programming, but I think OSC is far simpler :
on my walk to work this a.m.
i crossed a dead bird on the sidewalk....let's hope that wasn't a sign of what is to come
ANOTHER stress fracture in my foot.
I really have to go get fitted for running shoes.
This is the third one in a year :C
Reading 21Minutes  wondering abt 25 ques.
assessment quiz mentioned every week.
Not on site, tho.
Suggestions?
hahaha.
Please do!
: ACMs golf tournament today.
Thinking about busting out Country Club Anthem.
RT if you agree!
You know, it's not every place you can go to  get free, personalized computer classes.
justsayin'
sitting at the car dealership waiting for my car.
Might be the most miserable place on earth...
explaining the fire in the Humvee in Iraq.
Said he envisioned his mother receiving a flag at his funeral.
Touching!!
Very very sad.
Fragile reminder that no one is immune to their demons.
Wine vs.
WAC...
tonight, the wine prevails.
Yes!
Saturday was such a tease!
RT : Need some more time
Leeds United v West Ham United: Terror at railway bar triggers CCTV appeal
: CBS must be salivating.
: ...the possibility of a Kentucky v Louisville matchup.
UK has to beat IU first!
:
word of the day: yawnsome.
battle of the day: datadoctorven intelligence vs true serendipity
GOOD MORNING!
;
I know the feeling.
You can't do everything.
Good for you to know when to say no.
RT : Can u remind ur NC followers to go vote against the homophobic amendment1.
Ashamed of my home state of to the polls.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Texas is mt playground.
Getting in to San Antonio, from Houston.
Then, pool party in San Marcos tomorrow.
i miss all of the old disney shows.
I'm loving that is on Twitter, and posting so many on set pictures!
Thank you for sharing, mister Hanks!
just be a queen
i think you dont trust yourself around me...
Hi mom, I'm a TEENAGER.
Tu comprendes??
I don't think you do.
rain snow hail medley
I can't wait to get married, because it's like a sleepover every night with your best friend.
car salesmen are almost as bad as their service departments.
Chief / Boss is the worst.
She's not just anybody
that's just what I was saying earlier today
Beauty is is the eyes of the beholder.
There are no proper words to describe my pure dislike of Walmart...
BOOM!!
RT : Beckett defiant on golfgate: I spend my offdays the way I want to spend them.
My offday is my offday.
Trying to research which sports bar I should go to watch the Ravens game Sunday here in NYC!!
Any suggestions?!
Thank goodness!
New Year's Day is every man's birthday.
Charles Lamb
Just got in an argument with a kid about Blood On the Dancefloor.
He's been brainwashed.
There's no saving him now.
Love you too!!
thanks for noticing.
I was too deep in thought to try to fix my face on Sunday.
Thank God for GCG!!!
Least favorite interview question: do you have a boyfriend.
Most favorite intvw question: tell us about your family.
take everything!
:xx
RT!!
If you were at the MAD showcase and you found a phone or iPod please contact me ASAP!!!!!
Thanks....
My Pleasure!
Enjoy your day!
Will be speaking with Managing Editor at very shortly
So who's all going to the show tomorrow?
:D
UNLESS SOMEONE CONTRADICTS YOU IN ALL CAPS.
all three of you look great!
Thanks for the follows.
We're following you back!
good afternoon to u luv, hope u have a blessed day too
730 on a Friday night.
30 mins out of the office, 2 cocktails, 1 shot of patron.
Bout to get weird.
you, mdear, win.
send me your number  I will
haha I turned off the Mets long before they went down 93 last night.
We are all supposed to be witnesses.
I hope LeBron announces a fix for the oil spill.
Last full day of summer!
Gotta make it last 3
Everyone knew the Spurs were good.
Same with Grizz and Bulls.
Jazz?
Everybody thought they'd have another top 3 doctorft pick.
.
Both side of the political aisle likes to scrutinize big money in political campaigns...unless it is their money.
is this an event or will it air on tv??
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
Be you
Good plan.
I like where your heads at.
What's new in the life of ?
Give me the latest  greatest.
thanks.!
Yup we are walkers point/5th ward
There will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears.
And love will not break your heart, but dismiss your fears..
: wake up bake up..
lets go to work
STOP GETTING HURT AND BE A PART OF HISTORY
back in time to see nothing happened yet
why don't you support the state you live in???
Really??
I will be 36 this year...don't worry about it anymore...lol
We definitely will!
Thanks for the heads up!
OHmyGAW!
Do they have plus size Gucci prison suits?
I'll tell you how the funny money went down!
dude is my hero!
Gone but NOT forgotten all those who lost their lives and those who still fight for us to be safe 3 9.11.01 cant believe its been ten years
please follow me
I CAN when they CAN'T ....I WILL when they WONT and I DO what they DONT.....
um well I just had an episode, thank God nothing serious and no serious damage just bumper!!
: but over leonardo lol
Heat that ought to wrap it up.
Sentimental Cider is burning in my BoHo Chic Warmer this morning.
What's smelling up your house this morning?
Time for a new you?
Salon Colours of Palm Springs is offering one free hair coloring for our card holders!
lol :P well you no all the nicki minaj RAPS!!!
Lol no one else i no does so i guess thats special lol
thanks man we appreciate it so much!
It is doctorary and doctorppy in Dallas!
God gave me a great day to stay home and write.
Bible study on the life of Moses coming soon!
Season ticket time!
TwoThingsIWant oomf and a 5 on that psych test I just bombed
Is it me, or does it seem like there are eight or nine girls that work in the airport that get hit on EVERY DAY?
would love to see a video of how Applesauce interacts at storytime, if you have any...or more pictures ;
Most recent video on feed is period 4.
Panic setting in.
Must see at
Just saw Alice in Wonderland in 3D.
Off with his head!!
Are there any financial subs up for a good wallet raping????
thank you for the shout out, Bill!
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.
Another conference mention for electronic branding, in light of growing role of libraries as buyers
4th hour is after school???
You guys are straight up naughty!
So man euros...
Aw thanks girl!
I do though!
I lost so much then gained a bunch back!
I have around 25 pounds to lose!
How is boxing training?
Excited about the Pack's first round pick.
With Clay on the left and, now, Perry on the right...woah, watch out NFL  we're comin for ya!
Took the words right out my mouth...
26 bucks for a hot dog.
Texas oil money.
Nice.
Did you know  Before the 1920s, cars didn't have gas gauges.
You had to estimate how much fuel was left, or risk running out!
Good morning!
Who's ready to make it happen today?
Let's do this.
wat happens wen ur side bitch has pussy better than ur main bitch???
i think ur gorgeous
no kid likes a loser
When this baby gets up to 88 mph, you're gonna see some serious shit.
Doc Brown
Get your TAN ON!
Specials TODAY Instant Tans are 10 each!!!
Buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION and get 1 FREE WEEK of TANNING!!!
paper or plastic?
Appreciate the follow  lets get this Economy Started!
we love music.
:
thanks, never heard of zoe's.
Looking for great US crafts, not imports, for a beer exchange
bestfriendswagg 3: I missed your gorgeous face today!
:/ I hope I get to see it tomorrow!
Love you!
3
AW SHIET!
NIGGA YOU BEEN BEATING THE MEAT, JERKING THE TURK, CHOKING THE CHICKEN?!
LMAO
I have the best boyfriend in the world 3
I'm settling in for a long ride on the Broadway7 Avenue Local...
Van Cortlandt Park242 Street, here I come.
The Oh Group is looking for a freelance SEO copywriter.
Contact:
Please remember our tabling policy of requiring that tablers have at least 51 zines/self published/independently publishes titles.
My baby is home!!
I miss him when he's at work.
:
No one to snuggle with on bum days like these ..
Lonely tweet
I need some motivational tunes this morning....suggestions??
hang in there!
The dead rat that was in front of my apartment last night is gone.
My roomate must've eaten it.
Appreciate your report on the Global Internet Speedup technology initiative!
I'm not cocky.
I just love myselfBITCH!
Dana has time for tattoo consultations today!
Come say hello she is here till 8pm!
Hey Jack  when is the next time you are visiting Compton Heights?
Live on Milton and would love to meet next time you are in St.
Louis!
I would say about 19 or 20
You don't realize how depressing it is to live in a desert until you visit a rain forest lol PuertoRico Best vacation ever!
oh I'm going!
I need Kaila here so I can take a nap!
:
One good thing about working at radio shack.
Pens/flyers and red wings/predators on different TVs.
; i miss that.
i'm tired of those stupid little fights we get in over stupid things..
i'm sorry.
let's be bestfriends again.
AT LEAST HE KNOWS NOW
Finally doctorve the new car
yes.
I wish you were there!!
coming to see me?
We're partial to lunch after an audition, too.
Brownie sundaes count as lunch, right?
RT : lunch.
Raining all day?
Time to make music 
no, just on Hulu Plus.
I haven't bought it on DVD yet...
I have met so many girls and their hearts r backwards..
if only we could respond to love with more love...instead of throw it away...
so gay
oh snap i thought you loved hot man on man action.
My mistake.
Can't wait for to get home.
I FUCKING HATE SIDNEY FUCKING CROSBY.
LITTLE FUCKING BITCH.
Okay I'm done ranting...
Happy Birthday from my corner of
Good morning!
We are busy this morning catching up from last week's conference.
If you ordered DVDs last week, they will be shipped this wk.
digger, ha!
Good Morning breakfast time :
no worries!
If you ever want to skate, they practice weekends!
haha, bet he'll love that :P
lol!!
Yes, felt like dancing.
My heart almost stopped.
beautiful on the Oregon Coast this evening...Sun this weekend according to Bruce.
According to the moron cops out here, an UNEMPLOYED CONVICTED FELON who is SHOOTING UP IN PUBLIC isn't a threat b/c she's a WHITE GIRL.
Got my eyeball right on you mister RT r u present
Spent some time at Cafe33 today.
Where were you : Carel
GUYS 's fish committed suicide
Gorgeous morning!
Pink clouds are lingering about in the morning sky to greet the arrival of Claire to Amy Betke Ball!
Congratulations!!
If that's all he said, I wouldn't really call it attack.
More of a very unfunny joke meant to keep hyping his film
That was a three!
Finally figured out Delicious and then they changed it!
I don't like new format, hard to edit.
Thoughts?
I must be getting old; more and more I find myself agreeing with Pulitzer committees...
Everybody is a genius but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will believe its whole life it is stupid.
Me too!
Excited to see you in Bellator man.
Poised for a big comeback in all facets of life.
Do work.
And I gotta doctorp this cheddar tomorrow...DAMN
this dude just said happy mothers day to all the women who tried to trap a NBA player but messed up and ended up with a guy at a CC smh
Thanks for the kind words.
We're happy to be working with you!
Rise and grind west coast !
All roads lead to Miami .
Hit me if your in South Beach !
your police officers and firefighters are your heroes.
I just look fantastic
Dont worry the building you are in can take an F5 tornado  Michael Mares, CollectionsWeb RCN Workshop
450 Custom, professorssional website designing.
Reg:699.Today only Twitter Special.
Retweet please
THAT WAS IT
Can we go?!
: Did LA really have to be your last stop?
I guess the saying's true..!
I just wrote process and heard 's Canadian PROcess in my head.
Mission accomplished, Steph.
Well done.
700 startups launched at Startup Weekends in the last two weeks!
Crazy!
GEW startupbattle
Cold Sunday, staying in and watching Titanic movies and packing for JazzFest!!
And so it begins.
beg him :p
Today is National Chocolate Cake Day
Yay!
I just found foster hens for my Russian Singers for this breeding season!
California is amazing!
Such a great time!
That thing shouldn't even be considered a phone.
Lol
If you elect me president I will move from my home in the Mariana Trench to the White House then turn all the childoctorn's tears into candy.
did you really send me that tweet today at 946am?
RT : Good news on the  of women dying in childbirth.
New report out soon!
Follow
: when im not high, things get to me!
needasesh
Legendary Dobbs 1st annual Metal Fest!!
This Sat feat ANVIL BITCH  6 more acts, 5pm.
10.
jello wrestling at 10pm!
304 south street!
m/
We'll see you tonight, and we'll probably stop by for a brew as well
tweet me names for dear?
:
what's with the gratuitous camera shot of his and her chests?
Not complaining, just sayin.
My Mom is so wise...
That awkward moment when you are watching the proactiv commercial and that black girl thinks shes cute rising her eyebrows
I don't wanna wake up early tomorrow for this flight :/ well ima go to sleep when I get home .
Omg my baby just stood up for about 5 seconds!: Aaw
Going to Biloxi!!
are you sponsored??
got u bra dad ain't rdy for dat buzz dis summer put me in da game summer nights edition u heard from shoots 1st
uuh txt game is weak
Can I borrow someone's razor??
I'm currently not on using terms with my own after it gouged my finger.
1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: We judge others by their behavior.
We judge ourselves by our intentions.
Ian Percy
Hey you all!
We only need three more likes, and we can set the URL for our page with Facebook!
I think should play the MD state fair this year.
i'm great in a crisis.
it's the little stuff that undoes me.
i.e: largest cockroach sighting to date.
figuring out cat inhaler.
no yogurt.
Sometimes I'll check into random people's homes on in the middle of the night.
They have the best cheesecake!
Both good choices.
Arbys beef and cheddar is still money.
I miss talking to him, oh well :P
JUNIOR western bacon chee
Bridal Gala  Tea: Hotel Roanoke  Conference Center from 15pm hosted by Bride's House cc:
The concert was a great, and I agree about David Rawlingsam downloading his album right this minute from iTunes
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
We're saddened to hear news of the passing of writer Michael Louis Calvillo.
Much too soon...
please contact since they issued the discount code
You know Ill be Your life Your voice Your reason to be My love My heart Is breathing for this Moment In time Ill find the words to say...
wish I could : I don't have any breaks today!
:/
Gonna go check out for awhile, in less than a week ill be gone for a lil while.
Xoxo
I think I have my expectations set up too high cause I always seem to end up disappointed.
Mobbing early in the morning
Sitting in my room listening to Killer multiple times.
You did good !
2 hours of soccer practice.
I'm exhausted but damn that was fun!
Several people asked about naked man at PDX.
What is law?
City code says illegal to expose his or her genitalia while in a public place..
well donebrown protects those retina!
plenty of people left on stretchers, the IVs actually started to look tempting around mile 11But both  I made it
Just bought some popcorn for tomorrow's GSO Watch Party at the 2040 Lofts!
Hang out with Marquette grad students from 69pm tomorrow night!
boo!!
You tell them you have better things to do!
Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
It's just east of the Northeast corner, in a little strip mall.
Cash only!
Weekend will start with making a big, fat todo list...
hopefully I'll be pleasantly surprised that it's not bad after all
soo, nobody wanna answer my mothers day calls.
what u think i do?
Only a few weeks left at RISD, so don't be tardy for the giving party and make a gift to RISDAnnualFund before our year ends!
Also, amisteralizing that revising as I go is a necessity.
Otherwise, chars.
will pontificate and sigh and not do much else.
right now I'm missing those days when one direction was not super popular and they were our little secret.....
Haha
MyWorstFearIs is the Cubs winning the WorldSeries....
go
Thank you!!
We'll see what happens :
I was here over the weekend with my hubby: we had an amazing time!
But: right, little time during week...dommage!
That strange momnet when ur parnets come to sit down by u while ur on the computer
Hey everyone!
Get ready for a new game of Where's Sparky?
for this semester!
The first picture will be posted very soon!
Hi Sandee.
I was wondering if you could say hi to me?
Since it's my birthday.
Thanks.
yes I know what u mean!
But watching TV and reading books in the language you learn is a very good way to study :
no problem.
April Snow with avalanche control equals a great plate of blueberry pancakes on the pass this weekend.
Everything's made to be broken.
The rain is my biggest motivation to study
Oh Boy...Shit is about to go down and it's not good...It's not good at all.
When it rains it pours
The essential thing is not knowledge, but character
she was done throwing up everywhere smh lol
Thanks for the shout!
Yes girl, fun times , fun times lol Rt : Aww I wish I was in NY 
Hey !
How are you doing in Austrailia!
FoodForThought If you had the power to change the world, what would you do?
Reply to
I really hate when groceries are delivered  after delivery I find something forgotten that forces me to the store anyway!
Help
next she'll pull out ten kilos of Mary Jane so that she can keep eating.
Got so much on my mind.
Trying not to stress.
I'll take one please
The camera work in the Skills Challenge is horrible.
Not able to see what's going on half the time.
Mom: And this gift's for that girl.
Brother: What girl?
Mom: I don't know her name, either.
Is there a way on Facebook for me to be notified only about stuff I care about?
I didn't think so.
Anyone else up at 522 am wishing was open or you could get a pedi at 6 am?
No?
Hmm just me then.
Guess its the gym...
Creeps creep on you and lurkers, lurk.
Stating the obvious here at EFG.
What happened on the finale of fashion star last night?
I fell asleep on the Macy's part.
lol
When a girl says Its okay, Im fine or Dont worry about it, its not okay, shes not fine and you should definitely worry about it.
great yogurt!
It is snowing up at Revelstoke, looking forward to another good day of skiing with, hopefully, a few less Pit Slams!!!
Congrats on the booking!
Saw you're directing a project, is it a short?
D; WHY they're like the perfect doctoram couple.!3
: Respect.
thanks homie.
Hope I are well!
oh dear!
a broken pamily!
i have no fucking clue what that is but it sounds painful.
hope it heals soon!
Ha.
Didn't buy it.
Just thought it was hilariously large.
This is true.
I am from that area and remember hearing stories about this.
Anyone been to USCellular lately?
How long should I be prepared to wait to meet with someone?
haha great just 1 oh babe keep calm , pass the test Later you can slap that bitch hard twice,one for me haha
birthday weekend!
:
Last day of classes!
I'm excited to see the final projects!
Public health campaigns, product launches, etc.
OK, what about traveling?
That happens all the damn time, yet we're OK that it's almost never called.
Still in the book.
Do you guys have individual twitters?
: And when was that, he made it seem like it was way earlier bitch now my boo finna be madlmao
well, 105k wouldn't get you anything here either.
150 would.
the second half of snow patrol's new album is way better than the first half.
just in case any of you were wondering.
Advanced SEO Tactics: On Beyond Keyword Research
last weekend with the family before the season!
Fantastic to see you!!!!
Dev Connections?
Tech Ed?
officiating this year in MLS has been horrible.
They should hire Pierluigi Collina as head ref
no barfing but lots of napping
Love, love, love.
Follow what you love..
damn im stuck at work till 5
lol RT  starbucks beverly hills you can come if u want
I blast One Direction when I want to motivate myself to do something.
Thanks so much for the RT...
you are Awesome!
That precut fresh fruit mixture looked a lot more appetizing yesterday at the store.
It doesn't even taste very good.
Grr.
Love the hustle of Lance Berkman!
I think your a Chicagoan at heart and you don't even know it.
RT At work wishing I was at party :
Why is Eminem stuck in my head?
Made two comments/pull requests on github projects today to get around issues with IE one w/IE7, one w/IE9.
Good times!
Thanks for the follow  for your homeless support of groups.
Please email more info to ?
Thanks and be well.
Just danced in the POURING rain, reppin' Jesus!
We go HARD for the Lord!
NWC IS KNOWN FOR 1 THING !!
BRING THAT NEXT SHIT !!
CHUBBY BOO, FULLY LACED,ROGUE STATUS FOR LADIES ECT..
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
w be best friends ?
RT The doctoram team on is in full effect :.
Great job today guys!!
I think Halloween is huge!
We do BugaBees: Friends with Food Allergies costume parties in October too.
Kids love it
no printer...so i do
i love you
no it's not me!
What if it's that guy your fighting tomorrow?
0.0
The secret to a great relationship...Argue Naked!
Put yourself in my place for just one day.
Watch all the colors in your spectrum fade grey.
Wuz up homie, hope all is well!
Awesome jam session with , Max Bent  Kate Porter, doing some oncamera improv for a documentary on our Meredith Monk remix.
Fiyah!
is going into the studio to record new music soon!
:D
Boyfriend video tonight !!
ykzetkd omg
and when did she start going by just Reba
Thanks for RT and kind words on open journalism paper
I fux wit her the long way....
Just FL.
We have people come here from all over the world for treatment, many do Therapy  Vacation.
Call us Mon.
Yes, I met Austin's future wife and weirdly enough, she was in my room.
I tried to give her a hug, but I ended up bumping into the mirror.
Tonight's Special: Texas Dog  Zoe's All Natural Beef Dog w/ Cole Slaw, Zoe's Bacon, and BBQ Sauce 6.
imma record the whole thing!
So u good!
17 days left of school!!!
It appears that News Papers best resource to stay viable is to sell their news on the social networks.637k people get news on social.
uknowbetter than to unfollow me, cause that just aint right man!!
: hahah
I really like the shirts but he looks like a white guy.
When ur good 2 me...I'm good 2 u!
Columbia tomorrow:
awh I'm sorry to hear that :/
ugh, that sounds annoying!
I DO MY THANG and Mixtape titled Delorean Music out soon.......We murderin any rappers in our way so save yourself the trouble It's DF!!
Trace Cyrus bemyboyfriend ?
lucky you lol :D , and happy birthday again haha :
of course they wont have the shoes I want in my size
Nice pass Haynie!!
Very annoyed, supposed to get in for this ultrasound at 2:30pm, we r now 1hr late.
My wife's bladder is going to burst
You ain't a soldier cause you rockin camo.
I darken my computer screen when I check my AOL mail out of pure embarrassment.
Probably should upgrade my email account.
good mornin peeps
But really the ramen might have been the better choice.
Maybe a little vacation is in order?
Have a great day!
I need a sleep schedule.
This is getting outta hand.
I shouldn't be up this late
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
uh oh.
Don't like to hear that.
It was a blessing to be a part!
RT : Many thx to these talented artists who showed their best at
in need to happen now g he been duckin him for like 3 years now
I love your site!
When is your book coming out?
His men sang.
Hooker is our leader, He takes his whiskey strong.
Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Kindle/Amazon
you bet!
Wrote the music and lyrics all by meself and even coproduced!
:
Finally on twitter, welcome
After 1 student printed out over 3000 pages on our Lexis printer today, I think Lexis won't be far behind
NORFOLK STATE SPARTANS...FIRSTTIME IN NCAA.
EDEN LOUNGEDC OFFICIAL WATCH PARTY FRI, MARCH 16.
GAME TIME 4:45P BEHOLD THE GREEN GOLD!
Chamber Partners can receive FREE notary Services.
Evolved tools will empower social business per
get the blue hell shirt!!
we kno who's goin to the finals
Thanks for the shout out and the follow!
cause we qon Make Love all thru the Night 3
Sweet.
May 25th.
Mark your calendar.
I love your tweets!!!!
Hahahaha
I didn't get any pictures!
tweeting Cassie!
I saw you on a billboard recently as Dorothy.
Hope you got paid for that picture ;
If you missed it the 1st or 2nd time, the ep.
of The Office that I'm in is on Saturday 1/21/12 at 7:30 on Fox.
Go Minister Gail!
Calif.
finds toxins in 39;nontoxic39; nail polishes
If you have guy friends from other towns you can go to more than 1 prom.
I went to 3 when a senior.
Your mom knows :
Second Catscan of the day.
Get me the fuck out of here.
watching on twitch he is so cool to watch
Have you ever pooped the ring?
Serious question.
The great laflamablanca is back!
someone is too much of a p?!
To try it or break it in lol
old skool fan!
That's awesome dude!
thank you beautiful
Careful sharing!
You never know who might show up ;
not in the slightest hahaha more like the exact opposite
Just showing some support and sending some love ya way handsome keep up the good work!!!!
Muah!!!
Your staff must be overjoyed!
Nice quote any fool with a dick can get make a baby but only a real can raise his childoctorn Boyz in the hood
lol mvm im actually bitch but hardly
Im so lucky to have the boyfriend that i have 3
Learning the fundamentals of design will make you a better video editor...
So please take the initiative  expand your horizon
I hope you've gone to where the wild things are, Maurice Sendak!
you let me know it was ok to be strange.
Email out Executive Director at .
Thanks for your interest!
Going out to celebrate my best friend's birthday.
It's going to get sloppy.
Brace for doctornk tweets.
It was a pleasure to meet  speak with everyone at BrewersSMIS tonight.
Thanks  for having me.
Go Bucks  Brewers!
British accents ; 
I finally watched the last 2 epis of New Girl!
He didn't move out!
Yay!!
Nick  Jess need to get together ASAP!
Soo cute!!
I have a phone again!
Expect to see more of me on twitter again.
:
Heard he was in bad shape when I was at the HOF...sucks
Please, brewers people: let's not construct a glad we got rid of him narrative about Lawrie because of this.
That's just silly.
Can BenCurtis win again this week at the ZurichClassic?
He's made a good start, who's your pick?
Ok, so Madonna just exploded for World Peace.
At least that's what I think just happened.
hahahahah, hey, that she did inherit....LOL!!!
Awesome 70s musicians: Queen, ABBA, not to mention Memphis's own Barkays!
See you  tonight's 70s patio party cocktails, music, cigars!
im gonna rise above, show em what im made of!
3
I am the Bulls fan who argued with you and I am in Wichita freaking out.
If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for
Make him change it back to Ron Artest ...
Or trade him....
Prob the latter
As combined with Thanksgiving  family has put me way behind on my marking.
Now I could use a few more hours in the day.
If you have a ps3 and wanna get that ass beat on 2k get  me  EBell1988
5 rings.
Good night
i thought so but he didnt mention it and this whole attributing my sources in a research paper is throwing me off.
try the begining
Watching the final of my film The Humanity Project...what does it mean to be a man in the 21st century?
Jeff Johnson kudos for moderating!
Now that you mention it...it does look like Slater!
The album is getting me through my afternoon.
Highly recommended.
I see u and moon runnin 93.3 now dog!!
Yup yup.
Sometimes women are so beautiful both inside and outside us doggies have to really work on doing the right thing, even though we are dogs.
I got a feeling, somebody's watching me.....
Finally instagram for andoctorid!!
will be at tomorrow night.
Stop by  pick up a Lip Therapy for charity...
all proceeds will go to !
Incredible weekend with family in Asheville.
I wish there were more weekends like this one.
I always miss these events.
Like I said, it's as tho the skies were modest, hiding bhind clouds.
I don't remember the last time I've said, imbored Seems like there is ALWAYS something that needs to be done
twitter king!
my whole wall is you.
enjoying your tweets
Time to go rig up my hero2 in the cockpit of an F/A18.
thx Paige!
: p.s.
we've got some big news coming this weekend!
we recently updated our Twitter page design...
don't forget to follow us on
Follow the members of our group please.
and our director
me please?:
I'm a girl.
I overreact.
I underestimate.
I overestimate.
I over think everything.
I doctoram big.
And when I say I love you, I'm not lying.
Does anybody else hear the click of two LEGO blocks fitting together when they get an API plugged into a view?
too many receipts!
Is rolling your own with fonts from a nice foundoctor officially verboten now?
are you goin kid?
aw, thanks!!!
Night!
Poop pie got Octavia over the line.....
you're so special RT : Happy CMAD to all the Community Managers out there!
What you're going through can either be fodder for complaining, or notable moments on your journey to your fully healed self.
YOUR choice.
Found a spot right outside my cousins house.
:D
Saw Bishop Gene Robinson speak last night, one of the 3 most historically significant US leaders in my bookso inspiring!
Right.
Bo is committing recruiting suicide, his backlash comes in the future.
Shouldn't this be outlawed by the NCAA though?
You got hacked yo.
I know..I can't have none though lol
come on over if you would like to share one!!!
We have one extra!
bitcheswhowontdateme all Kindergarten teachers
calling all great people
tell me please in what and why
we gone do it in the back of the theater lol no lie
Alcoholics need a doctornk, sounds like you already have one.
Shout out time 
Wait, that tweet had a typo.
It's suppose to be Volume 14.19
Tonight the Night!!!!
Friday Night Live at Capri's Lounge in Boynton Bch Fl.....
We Do It 4 The Ladies........
Found at my homeroom today.
Let's just say it's gonna be a shitty year :/
Adopted the sweetest little dog from Capitol Area Humane Society yesterday  my kids are beside themselves.
Welcome, Pepper!
People be hating on my size  I'm sorry im not a giraffe
no problem:
Crazy how me  my ex girlfriend becoming close getting along way better then what we did whn we was together !
my husband  my cousin is sleep .
ugh he won't wrap his arm around me .
lol.
I found a Note in my Backpack saying you are beautiful You're secret lover  in my backpack 3 sneaky people I always have my backpack c:
All I need is you
Stations 8  9 on my radio are what I call my Mississippi channels.
Country and rap.
Lolol
Harry Is Hot HARRY IS HOT 3
Might be DJing Armadillo Ball mlanet12 send me your requests :
Stunning, quiet  unique are some adjectives that make me SO excited to finally experience the doctor Tortugas this weekend!
travel Any tips?
dallas fucking suck dick they got swept Smh
Derek just brought over subs from my favorite sub place gonna go eat should be back on later ttyl
Fina qedd out on iyt.
SPRING BREAK!!!
I really hope that isn't a real turtle.
Lacquered and mounted like that.
Shudder.
EverydayIThinkAbout skool is almost over  summer 2012 is rite around the corner!
Never try to define love.
Once defined love is confined.
Once confined  It dies.
CMON ...
FINISH THIS ONE OUT !
Who goes to the iowa state fair and buys crappy chinese food?
I miss you getting on here :
1611 had such a nice ring to it
Getting your ass kicked by the Phillies never feels good.
What a throw by Starlin!
DID YOU KNOW?
The Dead Sea Scrolls date back as far as 2,250 years  include thousands of fragments of some 300 biblical manuscripts.
Just watched the G.
W.
Bush 911 documentary.
I don't think he was evil.
Just stupid.
We're looking for a lead guitarist.
Our guitarist is moving to FL.
Thank you for the rec!
RT watch I Want Your Money
Is silly on twitter?
Apparently family on my dad's side was from Tempe, AZ.
Between 18701875, at least 3 family members were killed in 3 diff indian attacks.
Will please stand up?
I repeat, will please stand up
Doing some weekend shopping at North County Fair?
Stop by the center courtyard from 11:30 am to 5:00 pm TODAY to choose your future via...
LouisAndHarryFollowLarrysChild Here's your baby :D
good : just finished putting everything back in my room lol thank god this semester is over with
DANCE IS A FEELING!!!!
:D
Is It Cheating If U Have Porn  Naked PiX Of Other Chicks On Ur Phone?
Cuz Technically, I ain't fcking none of'em I JUST SEEN'EM NAKED!
We were playing poker the other night with Tarot cards.
I got a full house and four of my friends died.
I still have never been to NYC before
whats the worst that could happen?
junk emails??
I'm in shape ...
round's a shape, isn't it?'

this doesnt just apply to toddlers ;
Happy National High Five Day!
sure thing and hope you followed back.
great weekend.
RT : Thanks for the follow BuildingMoxie
Speaking at ABI today in DC  NACBA in SF tomorrow  long flight tonight!!
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks
Thanks for the vid, funny girl.
just wrote my talk for Sat.
It still lacks a research question.
Fail!
Wish I wore a bra then I could take off this sweatshirt 
Always listentoyourheart...it's on your left side...but it's always right!
:
Is that Ben Hogan officiating the Michigannotre Dame game?
Great move!
Kiwanuka is great!
why yo A is awake tweeting thingsthatdontmakesense ..
In a country well governed, poverty is something to be ashamed of.
In a country badly governed, wealth is something to be ashamed of.
C
: The good fight of faith is never over!!!
AMEN!!
Seeing reactivity to that Scalzi piece stating someone should ask straight, white homeless men abt their privilege.
Thing is...
seeing my first ever Knicks game tonight!
so ready for some
Well shit, LOL.
Hell yeah.
I can see taking one that came with that many connections.
But these rinkydink publications?
:/
Minnesota Timberwolves organization.
Said he loved the fans though.
It's just too hot today,i guess its time to move to some cold place:P
Get a Mezcal Buck for 6 today only at
I hate having to wait for someone .
Tweet me a number and I'll rate YOU!!!
Watching show on PBS about East German doping beginning in the 1976 Olympics.
I remember that  everyone thought they were.
How was your meal last week?
We hope you enjoyed it!

and i understand where you're coming from, most of those things happened to me last year.
don't let those people bring
yeah right!
to a new house.
two more fans!
Fact: If you are not happy with your sex doctorve, talk to your neurologist.
It may be a sideeffect from your medication.
took an hour 10 minutes..
She has legal access to MY garage until Friday.
so excited to see tomorrow.
...
That's what I was thinking.
However, getting old and dumber
26 your really nice!
: talk to me more!
API's powering the massive geolocation for convenience but not every company tooled to keep their brand in that space
Fritzy Rages Against The Grain, Wins 2nd straight MVD
new official coowner is .....
I Need New Texting Buddies That Stay Up Late Like Me.
My Phone Be doctor Af Around This Time.
I never got the text.....
looking for bookclub recommendations.
one member just diagnosed with cancer, so nothing too depressing
CAPS Caps Caps Caps!
Loving all the energy on the red line right now.
Note to self: do not hold iTouch in same hand as trash bag when tossing trash in dumpster.
Near miss.
Whew.
I just heard her squee RT : Adam Lambert on American Idol tmisterw night
way too long for me.
Hahahahaha didn't get his cookies n cream ice cream lmao but Sheridan did!
Shhhhhit idk......
ill tell ya later pimp
A roomful of lawyers  Legal Citizen's Dinner and which table won the civics contest?
The bankers and CPAs!
me either!!
and thanks for supporting the crawl  Washoe Schools!
A delicious Meatball Shop feast followed by a last minute trek to The Studio at Webster Hall to see my buds
did you ever end up doing pc?
If so, where?
If not, still time!
Intriguing exhibition focused on iphonography
3WordsOfAdvice Always Be Yourself.
That's something that you can NEVER fail at.
Don't be afraid to be different.
The people who stay, 3 u
The guy sitting next to me on the train smells like B.O., spicy food, and too much cologne.
Getting Leah to take a nap is becoming such a chore.
Best Buy  Target done in
PUSSY DONT WHIP ME I WHIPS PUSSY  CLAP CLAP'
Perfect weekend is perfect.
r those limos!
WeWontWork if you only listen to one genre of music...
Especially if that genre is Country.
Great Website Frank...visiting with you right now online...
Another day of work and school and then its my weekend.
HOLLA!
: Flight is delayed 3 hrs!!!
Looks like I won't get into NYC till noon  that sucks bro.
thank you!
dang girl, I will definitely see you coming LOL
YOCKO  You're Only a Cool Kid Once ;
I dont know what for
3WordsOfAdvice live laugh love
They lovinn' the crew
Waiting in line to take a lab practical, one at a time.
In alphabetical order.
Just found out that is owned by , seriously?
Eeewww.
You think them niggas you with is with you?
I like a girl with confidence.
Beneath your pride, I sense your misery
Lactantius Where fear is present wisdom cannot be.
I was a speaker at Ignite 2 .
.
.
Chicken Pesto Pasta  Marinated chicken breast and bowtie pasta with pesto cream sauce, garnished with Parmesan and diced tomatoes
Met Jimmy Smith for the first time recently.
Amazing guy!
Best wishes to you in continuing with Isagenix.
:
Happy End of the World Year!
For their final act, the crew decided that blue Gate Valet tags for first class didn't need to be used on this flight.
Thanks
First Blogojevich sighting in months, jogging in Lincoln Sq.
Honked and gave him a closed upraised fist of solidarity, because, why not?
For those of you who play FantasyFootball, you can't tell me that defensive players don't matter.
That's why IDP is superior!
seriously what happened to that, it was present seems like only yesterday
This couple next to me just broke up and he's being such a twat to
bo.
I hope they meet again in the tournament.
Two stunners today: There is a waterproof cast protector so I can swim  shower.
Search doctor Pro.
Also, I think I actually GOT MY DISABILITY!
why thank you.
Cutest boy to tell me happy birthday :
All people should be treated equal
this y 6th time watching this video  it jus doctorpped smh dope ass video
Hi DeAndoctor!
Please follow back.
:
you never finished telling me ugh
Heat Thunder Finals preview?
Come say hello to NABP at Wordstock today, as well as members like , , and
Landed in MPLS!
Time to chill with the homies!
It's all in motion.
Wheels.
In motion.
I haven't slept more than two hours at a time for five days as a result.
Bday party in the park now it's time ti head to Amway for the Lakers vs Magic.
Love Orlando!
I had a doctoram about DCM Live last night...
Weeeeeiiirrrdd!!
absolutely my pleasure!
I know all about those tuition payments ...
I think he's right...
I've always thought Jack Wagner was adorable, but my loyalty is 1,000 with !!!
Love you, DD!!!
Let's ROCK this!!!
I just finished a 3.09 mi run with a pace of 8'49/mi with Nike GPS.
First come, first serve.
Be on the safe side and plan on coming early : Event is from 6p to midnight!
yes!!
I think i'm free next Thursday evening...
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change cause you're amazing just the way you are m 
thanks for following!
happy weekend : 
RT : RT : And we didn't even have to storm the court.
Because we're USED to winning.
Exactly!
Join tonight for your chance to win an XBOX and Kinect tonight at 9pm ET 
Some of the best 12 days of my life were in Vegas damn do I miss that place or what
Woah, you are brave!
Nice video  thanks for sharing!
wow.
a second monitor is really nice during this long webinar.
how is that weird?
I see thanks!
RT : Even if you believe you are right, consider the possibility that you could be wrong.
Humility always improves relationships.
heck yea it does....
well i may see ya at school later
Hope is having a good day at her tournament!
I.
Need.
Waffle.
so it's true ?
After Action Reports are the first document in the chain documents about ontheground action.
Lets get these last 7 days over with .
Whats on my mind?
Do you really wanna know?
NO IT'S MONDAY TOMORROW!
WHY?!?!?!
In years 510.
That was when we figured .275/25/80 as a DH in his declining years.
He may not get those in year ONE
lol i always wanted to work at a camp
lol,that might be just a little too fancy; lol
Beef Sale!
RT : just stopped in Kincaid's meat market.
They are having annual beef sale.
Great deals to be had...
they won today!
Question..
When did badgirlsclub become about growing and not being a bad girl anymore?
Happy Mother's day!
Everything is very relax here!
Enjoy your day!
Interested in seeing some samples bc I have a client in the real estate that is looking for aerials, exteriors and exec.
shots
I'm going to lose my mind during this game.
Fuck these pussy ass Vancouver cunts.
I wonder if wants to help me pack?
Just tweeted about Hdoctor frame rates.
The whole chart is kind of hard to type out.
perfect timing!
And it will be so easy when I need to get up and get out to enjoy the sun.
oh I will was just a lot crammed into one ep and hoping it wasn't a jumping shark moment.
I'll be caught up quickly.
How so?
Thank you for following Sophia!
Downloaded the toolbox.
Is there anyway I could attend?
I am not a member but I'd like to at least watch everyone golf.
John Cena Vs The Rock!
This is it!!!
wrestlemania Once in a lifetime!
If its snowing and you see a rainbow is it called a snowbow?
Love the song with Chris brown!
:
someone just wished me a happy new year UM IT'S MAY
hey!
I post good stuff.
hows that Novel coming along?
hehe
Um...
Extra Dessert Delights gum is UHMAZEZING!!!!
We're planting trees with The Greening of Detroit tomorrow!
Cracking the Mystery of QR Codes in the Classroom by and pkrambeck is one of 60 breakout sessions at mobile2012 April 1113.
I am the awkward white girl of the party.
dude.
Keep the faith.
Same here.
It's a rough hustle, but gotta stay diligent.
suspect in murder of Carlsbad mom
We in this bitch.
So please dont hate.
Even though i know its hard not to.
The feather
ZERO ONE is going to London  and taking my music along!
The film has been accepted to the London SciFi Film Festival!
Great evening event Black History Month Dinner: An Evening with the Blues Well done!
Have an amazing week my friend, be blessed!!!!
I'm Jill.
I just got promoted from cc lib volunteer to temp.
Matt Cain got paid!
112 million for 5 years
ladd.
byfuglien.
who gave up halfway through the season.
and thats about it.
Just finishing the last track for the new album with producer Brendan!
Look out Enigma, here's Chenigma!
The Whitney Houston tribute by jennifer hudson at the grammys was great.
But they could have done more for her tonight.
I'm on board my flight to rootstech.
I'm going from Milwaukee to Memphis to SLC.
Now doesn't that sound like fun?
Beauty and the beast c:
and their colors aren't that far off either.
Can these NY Playoff games start already??
Unfortunately, I have a girlfriend:
No way!
What did he say????
cc
does it ever actually function?
There are no words for how thankful I am for you and how much I love you !
Thank you for making this day so special!!
Mike's been going over how to Unit test your code.
Sean's gonna be a stripper when he's older ..
I needa doctornk so bad cnt wait til sept
All week I was thinking I don't care about baseball.
Then my student Lauren wrote about Jim Abbott.
Now I can't wait to read 'Imperfect.'
Im ready for school and im so sad..
I knew Kim was gonna win.
I was hoping Troyzan woulda got the 100K though.
Something to do on a Tuesday?
Head to Beachland Ballroom tonite and see our friends the band
TRUE!
But I at least think kittens are more fun to play with than dogs.
Then again most dogs knock me over cause im so short.
Cory Gunz!!
Can you DM me your email?!
i NEED to send you some heat bro!!
HAHA I'm working on my new EP but put it hold til I finish moving to Hawaii.
Hows things?
I'm not happy with that sucker free Chicago lineup Smh mfs gone think Chicago weak
I have watch all of the Celebrity Apprentice seasons and this has to be the worse!
Have to keep in mind that doctorma  Ratings!
walking dead and bed getting up early for a workout before my meeting
To mourn adversity multiplies the misfortune.
FJ Roberts
Dick Clark has died of heart attack He was 82
And yes, I'm looking at you, dear people who pay me royalties every quarter.
Thanks!
We are super excited for you guys to open!
: Thanks for leaving me when I really needed you, because of you I have problems trusting someone new.
MT RT RT RT mister President, have that cigarette.
you deserve just one tonight.
Thanks!
It was a great event.
Seeing yourself on IMAX is intense.
Oh !: 4sq.com/sa2OoP
Putting the felt backings on a vertical eucalyptus triptych today, gallery wants it
Boo!
Comcast internet outage...what will I do with myself today?
where are out mozz sticks?!?!?!
There is no job too big for Danna Pools Inc.
Forgot about Earth Day.
Now I have slight feelings of remorse about the spray paint cans I forgot to properly recycle.
Good Luck Tonight
It works better if you actually yell that, in rhythm, at the top of your lungs.
Coach carter is such a great movie!!
you will make a great coach!
You can relate to players  your work ethic will inspire them to be better.
Told me to tag him on twitter!
Congrats!
Do you need anything?
We met at a show at Metro, I was a merch girl.
I just found your card, looked you up and damn.
Find out what's in that mysterious note!
Two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Kid, in the summer of 2012, your aunt Robin decided to leave the broadcasting world  become an Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Cleveland!
We need you!!
Oh, now it's my fault for being on my phone.
Maybe this is why i'm depressed?
I have been blamed for shit since i was 15.
4 god dang years!!
Bye, Herman Cain...
TONIGHT Stormbringer is performing LIVE at starting at 8:30pm!!!
Let's see some 80s fashion!
These stupid hormones won't let me cry.
Finals are almost over.
Reference is dead, and I'll soon be mourning the closure of the library cafe for the summer.
Excellent post, now I am feeling worse about missing it though!
i do not want to go back to school tomorrow :
Shame when good design is ruined by harsh lighting
Toshiba Excite 13 Andoctorid tablet
So in love with 's Over You that she wrote with ...
Such a beautiful song.
was going to ask the same thing
a chillin in class and buyy tickets for the bowlng green game an tryin to buy for fsu wbu how u been?????
Girls get wet for me i cant help it.
For sure, lest we mention the cheesecake factory.
If only I could resist the compulsion to finish all the food on the plate!
just sent you an email requesting a refund for the Philly Uncubed event bummed it got postponed :
Just talked to to get his thoughts on the SpursJazz series.
We'll play the interview on the Spurscast tomorrow.
Thanks, Jody!
rt if you love ur fans in chicago nothing even matters
.
I seem to remember GWB traveling back  forth from DC to Crawford TX alotto clear brush!
Good lesson there!
Got my LG Ally/doctorid square swiper .
Cooking Demos coming soon come get your KegaQue Free Food a Brat fry  Clinic Tailgate 101 Get in it!
Congrats !!!
Have fun and enjoy the day
it's hard to.
I'm also not sure what a taco struggle is  eating too many, or too few?
TY Wonderful wknd to Looking forward to your tweets, tweeps.
Synching their sway as they walk.
So...
no it's not cute.
Just creepy.
Cant wait for CMT awards!
haha I was picturing more yellow, my dads fav restaurant iscalled cunha, I'm from brazi but moms side is all from portugal
Car rides with and Julia are the absolute best.
Apple?
RT Stay healthy when youre in a rush!
BiggestLoser nutritionist has a new onthego recipe 4 you.
Watching Big Time Concert at home.
Thanks to 's season 1 vol.2
not even close
Omg I'm too hype for this game!!!
sisterzz i wanna do a feat.
Yall can sing very nice!
I can sing but never recored lol i wanna try if yall dnt mind!
And E.J.
Levenberry is criminally overrated.
Just my opinion  hope I'm wrong.
my nigga really giving me the silent treatment wtf
25 days since arbitration...doesn't mean we'll get word today, but I'm decked out in Brewers gear just in case
Leaving my little baby and towards the advance social media strategies in CA
Thanks Everyone for the FF :D I love you bunches!
Fortuna...Luck is coming your Way
Dinner at the parents!
Love it when my dad makes juicy lucys!
Yay
Students gain lasting selfconfidence not by being protected fromfailure but by learning they can survive it.
Tony Wagner
follow  : whoever made that for me thank u!!:
Couldn't bring myself to vote for a republican primary candidate.
Voted for Obama and feel good about it.

need to do another cover of doctorke.
;
Men and women stalk differently.
Men will doctorve by at night.
Women will show up at your job and smash your stuff in front of everyone.
I wanna go to Italy...I heard they like black people over there.
; lol
How long have you been blogging?
someone please stop GMail  google products from crashing.
KILLING my productivity right now.
then again...
thanks?!
lol as I love u no matter u a ManU fan!
Lol
At least mine is manual, but it was too cold to leave it off.
I did need to store some stuff too, though!
juhomecoming is TOMORROW!
We can't wait to see all of our alums back on campus!
I called back, but you didn't answer..
Not too late to place a Scentsy order and get in the doctorwing for Snapshot!!
My order closes at midnight and someone's getting lucky!!
update the facebook user data graph api logic to allow open graph object interactions
not after the gunners get suarez this summer.
Ha.
Follow back please
Gg Daniel Bryan.
Quickest match ever.
WHY IS IT SO HOT IN TEXAS RIGHT NOW
Nothing,You?
vghfufiuvcvcyucvjhvjv what was that for...
Listening to Peyton Manning's new Bronco teammates talk about how excited they are with the signing is giving me goosebumps.
i deactivated my fb before i could respond to ur comment but it went good but i had to turn it down because of the hours :
K is a little scientist..
She's an avid gardener  loves learning about our work.
Finding solutions to tree problems brings daily fun!
My dad was one of the finest Christians I ever knew.
Hard to believe its been 3 months since he went home.
im hungry
Brokers this is your opportunity to sell New SingleFamily Homes in Doral Join us today at Balmoral in Doral for more info 3055931110
why ya laugh?
Don't start a company unless it's an obsession if you have an exit strategy, it's not an obsession.
thanks Marian for RT have a good weekend
Is it ok to leave your brain at home when going in holiday?
We would to hear what you think?
What's your favorite brand of canned tuna?
Me too.
I love that characteristic in a man.
He's in custody now.
Thank goodness.
holy crap i get my housing assignment tomorrow
TwitterBaseball is like 2000 in Baseball Fun..
So there i made your choice for you
Tried to give blood today...evidently the Dominican Republic is a malaria risk country...who know
'This is no flattery: these are counsellors / That feelingly persuade me what I am.'  Duke Senior on the weather, AYLI 2.1.911
That's disappointing.
You should put it out somewhere else; I'd like to read it.
Do you have a blog or equivalent?
I hope Elton John is preparing an appropriate memorial song in tribute to Starburns.
Family's home, dinner's in the oven, and the sun is going down.
Shabbat shalom, hey!
Thanks JO!
Only 3 more days to go......I hope to see every one at the Magic Bag on Thursday night to celebrate during the holiday season.
we'll see
Art urges voyages  and it is easier to stay at home
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more Anthony Robbins
I just learned that and was blown away.
And it wasn't just the Nazis but Hitler himself that came up with the idea.
A virus going around through DM.
If you receive something from me that sends you to a blog about you, delete it.
Don't even open the note.
Watch this space.
;
Charm City, here I come!
Well I'm back home at my hotel!!
aw thanks sweetie
I want to know how many tweets it will take to get you to follow : On 20 somethin right now.
Lou's ass.
yea thats probably why!
:
Yeah.
I sent him one a while ago.
But its whatever
La premiere de ma piece de theatre.
On a encore 3 representations.
Et cool pour la carte :
I feel you .
Urban Meyer to Ohio State?
Urban is an Ohio native...
: Some people are just full of excuses  broken promises shrugs
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was lame and boring!
I was wrong !!
morning to you.
I still waiting for my sleeping pill to kick in cuz its 315 here.
might not get to sleep till a little after 4
Must trudge through my assigned readings, type emails, prepare for a major project and just hope my chiropractor can see me tomorrow.
Hey, if your name is Geoff, man up and pronounce it jeeoff.
Typical Savas...
came to the wrong cinema :
I'm bored by their date....
Gideon Toolbox for Public Defenders, wiki like system for adding PD resources.
How many hats can one wear at one time?
Why do we bust our ass to get to a doctor's appointment on time when we have to wait anyway?
Can I sense the I am my essential beingness.My essential identity as consciousness itself.In the background of my life?Yes I CAN, can you?
I know I know, its me, you don't have to tell the world..
XD
All mahomies!!!!!
Please tweet me questions and I'll make a video and post it on a certain page or maybe on my YouTube and I'll answer them
torn pectorals, severely sprained ankles, etc.
's getting a pass.
More concerned w/K than the team.
But guys, we all have good reasons to dislike slutlena, even jasmine.
We are at Sunset and Valley View today And Closed on Friday July 3rd!
Elvis dogBanana, peanut butter and bacon.
Its a favorite!
What's your favorite song/s by fall out boy
Doesn't it seem like NASA could be brought in on the Gulf disaster?
Their engineers MUST be better than BP's.
RT Smashing Niketown windows?
Come on guys, the new Seahawk uniforms are kind of cool.
Complete overreaction.
You're welcome.
Great article!
You don't look as good as your FB pics!
;/
Really 11:09pm, why can't day start here.
Will you ask Bobby to tell Aiyegbusi thanks for getting my hat out of the trash after it mysteriously made it onto the field Sat
No doubt, every time I do hear it no matter how few and far between it always puts me in a better mood.
Success only happens after failed attempts !
Its okay for my to complain about my life but when you do it its so annoying.
I am incredibly tired.
I'm at a SuperBowl party full of Saints fans and no 1 wants my 14 action for the Colts to win straightup.I guess the fans are 1/2 assed too
PeytonManning to become a Titan?
Whaddaya think?
Anyone catch the quarter finals of sony erickson?
Rafa was a force and took out tsonga, who didn't play his best.
Bye bye Jo.
Sometimes you gotta turn your anthropology off!
lol
New Sherlock is it Season 2 or 3?
I saw 1n I'm dying 2 see Season 2.
Finish Season 3 of doctorWho Biggest shock: The Fave of Boe
although I enjoyed losing my virginity, not my iPhone!
Hahaha ill let you know how it goes for me LOL!
so far its ok!
: just trying to figure out when ppl tweet me !
doing this computer assignment.
Wynnicism4: If u lack the creativity so much that instead of using plethora of expletives ur saying Jesus Christ ur PATHETIC
Sorry to my followers who I have blankly tweeted.
I'm really not sure how it happened haha
When did u change ur Twitter name??
Wear the creamcrimson with pride.
Can you name the winners of s 49 Olympic gold medals?
I agree with this Melia!
Booty if you don't put yourself first they'll walk all over you.
New year  foot down :
You've been this active on Twitter until now without a smartphone?
Few make it that far, I feel like.
Why do you want to be a writer?
i guess that im playing hide and seek with and my little brother lol
prob will do something for mothers day
i been good dass wassup which mall u aT
Good Morning
Oh, wow, lol.
Even 27 followers is a lot for me.
Break my heart once, Shame on YOU, Break my heart twice, Shame on ME, Break my heart 749 times, please bring me lots of Beer!
Galatians 6:9, Let us not grow weary in welldoing, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart.
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
Only love is all maroon  Gluey feathers on a flume.
Sky is womb and she's the moon.
::bon iver::flume::
Cool Citrus Basil is as popular fragrance.
Cool and refreshing with just a hint of sweetness.
Oops!
Forgot to add the hashtag
I can't listen to dubstep when I doctorve.
I keep having to pause the song because I think my engine is exploding.
I'm like....
reeeeeeeeeeelly hungry.
It's the start of NATOgeddon week!
for at whatever point you judge the other, you are condemning yourself, because you who pass judgment do the same things.
Romans 2:1
You know you were flattered.
No worries.
Are you in the land down under?
How I would love to make it down there some day.
You'd think that the money Trustwave is extracting from their little racket that they'd at least hire some competent UX people.
reads headline Limp Bizkit signs to Young Money face is frozen in confused disbelief Misery loves company?
Idk what to tweet.
most of the time I'm shocked at how loaded the questions are.
I read it: ARE YOU FKING SERIOUS?!
Couldn't have asked for nicer weather today.
Love celebrating with family.
It's official.
The Committee to Elect Ross L.
Pike does now exist!
It feels nice to actually have an official campaign committee.
:
To live dis life i need a heartbeat
I'm going to Times Square today!
Yeeeee!
: Hope you and Mick are celebrating Valentine's Day, sweetie.
Much love!
I think today is the day I learn how to ride a scooter...
Thanks!
435 happens to be my favorite number.
thx!
: For all my girls WomenWineWednesday 
also, as a quick aside, customs in Nassau has got to be staffed by the most miserable, rude lowlifes I've ever seen.
it's like they
What a fun afternoon at the Inner Harbor with Mom  Steph.
Getting cultured at the Walters then a fun lunch  walk around Baltimore.
thank you ima need that luck lol
believes that sharing is caring...
In my 3rd week of chemo  radiation.
All is going well so far.
:
like the beer!
Change your routine this weekend.
Get outside.
Remember, things that matter most must never be at the the mercy of things that matter least.
Gotta get out of bed smh
GASP are you cheating on Tarra?
lol
Jinsu needs to run far away and never return.
oh neat!
Not that I like One Direction.
But their vocies are actually good.
If you watch videos of them singing they are good.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Play Alganon
Are you tweeting from upstairs?
I miss you Pedetra!
get me some pita chips.
and a large beer.
Yes it was a hell of a series  hey, losing 3 of the 4 games in OT means it was close
joshua singing mans world the performance was iconic!!!
SHE TELLS HIM SHE'S IN CHURCH, BUT SHE DOESNT GO, STILL SHE'S ON HER KNEES, AND SCOTTY DOESN'T KNOW!
Really need to get out of this funk.
It's really annoying me now.
If you open a few miles south, I'm there.
dude everyday maybe throw in a thank you
Get inspired and don't miss Healthful Indian Flavors with Alamelu today!
At 12:30PM on MPTV 10.
definitely interested but still haven't left work.
What time are you thinking?
Can't stress how much that means.
jus got some hard ass beats in....doctor we in there its time to eat
Buff, I have you pegged as a fairweather fan.
Tonight we are young
IfIDontGetBelieveTickets i will be depressed cuz this would be the second time i wouldnt get to see him :/ but i'll be in Boston all day!!
I am in a responsible conduct of research session.
For grad students only!
It's always a process when deciding which location we should go to...
i hear about a perfect game..
good job buddy
Discovered I marked my calendar wrong and have to work part of Good Friday and Easter Monday.
LOVE my jobs but wish I had time for rest.
4 hours of fun can change lives tinyurl.com/3gu5742
you can do it mama.
what are u tlkin bout?
thank you for coming!!
Sounds fishy.
Don't tell your employer.
:
A BIG Happy Thanksgiving to all of you and a happy packers WIN day.
I'm convinced the Repubs are on suicide watch, they really want to lose bad in Nov.
if they pick Santorum
I think I'm gonna go visit London in November.
I've never been overseas...I'm told tall people are more common over there.
Video Editing Made Easy For The Complete Novice by lancecarr
air conditioning seems to be out on car 01858  currently alewife bound out of park st.
This has to be the busiest week of my life!
Gahh, So stressed and SUPER tired!
Im nobodys maid...i have enough to do already
I caught that too.
Very strange.
Thank you!
is the real genius, I just happened to make some bacon caramel and banana stuff.
:
Why tell me to come at a specific time for an appointment when I'm sitting here for 45 minutes...kk
Thanks for the RT!
And finally the Michelangelo Baconioni: a sweet potato and bacon pancake with honey butter and maple syrup.
I know right!
Lol
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
This makes it hard to plan the day
Im broke...
Like mc hammer broke
Cannot wait for punkd with,my boy
I am following.
Looking forward to updates.
thanks Renee.
Follow us for live updates until we start our investigation.
Nice call...what has he won again....nothing!
just got the first order of Giants Superbowl champs apparel!
Sweet!
you don't have to !
TacoTuesday fish tacos!!
Yummy!!!
haha we wouldn't have any clue!
I Love It3
I hear Ariel's fishy in between the legs.
Stubborn ass
thatll happen in a couple of minutes I'm sure!!;
iu so much!
mahomie4life
Thank you for responding!
FotoWeekDC learning about social impact through photography from
It's pretty out : might get cam early and take him to the beach or park
Disseminate info about our resources to dispersed communities, connect to communities within social media one use case
Wow!
That's close  hooray for
replacebandnameswithpancakes Panic!
at the Pancakes
This white lady on the car next to us thinks she thuggin bumpin sum lil wayne dancin up on her prius..lol
Whoa, just joined Twitter.
sorry for the delay, meetings all day!!
great to meet, Heidi!
Thx Sara :
Bouta go get my girl from work and go have dinner!
what that suppose to mean?

Take yo tittys out when u smoke wit me bitch....
With all due respect.
Check out this SlideShare presentation : Ologie Social Media Presentation://bit.ly/9ktotp
To most Christians, the Bible is like a License Agreement.
Nobody really reads it.
They just scroll to the bottom and click I Agree
I think your father in law is heading down too.
Hoping to meet up with them amidst the thousands!
:
Can't wait for Des Moines.
Had tix in Den AND Omaha got sick  missed both shows!
See you front row center in Des Moines!!
every time you tweet about a 'tall Fiji' I want to punch you in the face
An idiot who lives down the hall.
Its the same guy who becomes Jew Claw when he is doctornk lol
With you,shawty with you.
With you,shawty with you.
Under the mistle toe 3
MTV'S Jam Of The Week: Aww Yeah 
Yay for CFPB.
Disappointed they're telling us they have no jurisdiction over federal tenant protection law.
for all my followers that interested to know that as of right now SpiritLance is about 78 pages long this is short but it is a E Book.
I think the single shittiest thing you can do is fire up a leave blower outside someone's window at 8 am.
ikrreally in brooklyn but...
Giving up voting for Tech in the game day poll.
Now voting for Nebraska.
Let the side chick meet the family!
Who does that!
Crazy
sometimesyouhaveto laugh at yourself even when you feel like crying.
better than looking like a baby..
Blasting Above The Broken.
Sitting in the gym parking lot this morning  noting how few cars there were made me realize that gyms really do count on you not showing up
Look, sir!
doctorids!
RSVP: Smuggler Films
Time for next project  updating to the latest creative suite.
Just because you have imperfections doesn't mean your imperfect.
It's something unique about yourself  that was so cute.
LOL i have no idea how to react to this,
remeber that quote from for may 18th :
It's still raining outside
Awesome night at the WPA with
littlemonsters Let's help get the 200th follower.
Paws up!
Retweet if u love Justin Bieber!!!!!
ForeverFly RT : Follow Clothing line in the CHI.
They're creating a fly movement in our community
Actually, 30K USD/yr suffices if you manage to keep your burn rate under 2K a month, even in NYC as I do.
So done with school.
Durbin warming in the bullpen for the Indians  A's lead 32 in the 6th MLB A's
the thing is in order to even be considered in legit auditions you need to have a resume with past experience like classes n
Father's Day the wife runs a triathlon starting at dawn, Fantasy Poker League at Bikinis in Austin.
GET THE FUCK TOGETHER ALREADY KNICKS CMON!
THE GAME IS NOT OVER!
doctornking American coffee in a London mug while waiting to watch Germany play for third place in the world cup.
I dont think austin notices me:/
I am not sure if that's good or not.
Ha
OMG!
is appearing at the Birchmere on 2/10!
That Is All...
that I need to be happy right now.
:
That's why Melo shoots so damn much he is alone STAT ain't shit!
I have a major academic deadline every week from now until Thanksgiving.
It's go time.
Just woke from a Lil nap...
FF He's awesome and my bracelet buddy!
:
in 2012, ports do not need to be numbers nor to be limited.
is there alcohol involved?
Greetings from crap ref baseball ;
your welcome...
keep me in mind!!
Nice Idea!
RT : I try and wake up early to have a few moments to myself!
Usually helps me throughout the day!
: People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln  Happy Birthday Abe!
Justin BIEBER and Selena GOMEZ both got fire on stage how sweet!
: great lunch!next month to be even better!
off to NYC for the weekend, with a brief stop in Brunswick, NJ to see one paper at
Responded to VACATE  141 East 95th St, Brooklyn, NY 11212.
Red Cross auto update.
Jennifer's little girl is extra cute
youre twitter handle and you're practice...as a structure guy, primarily plaintiff, checked your website...well done!
Hey Baby Girl, hope u r feeling better.
Take care of yourself.
U gotta b there for the little one..your legacy.
God bless
This dude is a mess.
lol.
has a certified Twitter account...
does NOT.
Can't wait to see the new digs, neighbor.
:
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
George S.
Patton
yeah I know
love the Bayshore, need to call them about next Sat.
Missing their balconies!
beat Sunday morning in a while
jus kids these days the decisions they make and things they do...
civilwar quote of day.
CSA diary.
8/61.
'this revolution was only begunwe should soon have washington  the northern states!'
This dude on the bus with a lazy eye is staring at me.
Or is he?
not a problem:D
doctorams aren't easily obtainable, that's why we call them doctorams.
The crank 2 doctornking game, yay!
If I do asia well be the 1st one to cry
yes, in that aholes like that dude can only be found in the first world
Now have 2 wait till Monday after next 4 grand new plan frm obama?Is he kiddingwaited 4 weeks more waiting?We needed jobs yesterday!!
Thanks!
These are fun!
Okay, on to better thoughts, did someone say Chowdah??
Chowdah Fest 2night 6:30  more!
The mountains of Idaho for a few months doing some social media consulting while I apply for jobs in SF, DC, Denver!
RT : congrats to for winning 1 million from Chase Bank!!!
thanks to everyone for voting.
I could use a foot rub, but I suppose that's out of the question.
The only thing wrong with that jet is that it's heading to Chicago.
:p
F.
Scott Fitzgerald, Arnold Palmer tea, and are making this sick day a whole lot better.
Rubicon, for as long as it was alive.

Ayee , Youre not ready for your next if youre still trying to impress your ex.
Felt like having ice cream for dinner but heard in my head yelling don't do it!!
And I'm out...before I'm bored to death
i already saw it :P
i started off as a battle rapper i will ruin yo local buzz u fuckn dirt feet...
niqqa from yo hood telling u let it lone take the advise
: NowWithAlex.Is just like the GOP/misquoting LIAR!
Defending a group who could care less for his rights!
thanks Dakota 
ur happy face is facing 2 the right not 2 the left.Unless u ARE Greysonu switched ur happy faces so we wont know its u :O
Bed!
Very long day
Happy 4th of July every one!
Looks like rain here today, but there's always hope that the sun will come out and it will be a nice day!
S/O to go follower since u ain't doing nothing with yall lifes
Vixen's Mixins creates a line of cupcake mixes with as few as 60 calories!
Check them out for yourself at www.treatdujour.com
can I just mention its not May...
please follow !
its JADENS OFFICIAL ARMY!
Tell your followers to do the same 3 thanks!
OH!
and they follow back!!!
buffs!
Let's do this!
Sweet 16 sounds incredible!
ur just a little excited about this huh

of course Damian is late
add M83 to your list!
Playing some games.
:
I can't front its not looking good for HeatNation 5pts for Wade , 1 rb for Joel Anthony compared to Hibbert's 18 smh
have some time, but also encore so most people default to that
Well I don't have an angelic rocker voice like some lucky people...
;
Arthur Conan Doyle You do not lead by hitting people over the head  that's assault, not leadership.
Good luck to bradpickett tonight on his UFC bout.
Bring it home for
Tons of food and tons of basketball!
Ahh
Tonight was the best.
let me help you find a costume!
i can compile a list of options and even pick up for you.
dm me and we can discuss
Ah it is you Zhuge, I kind of thought : Good to see you out supporting Destiny of an Emperor as always HUO HU lol...
It's Free for All Friday with Jeffrey Magee and Cheryl White.
Touching on the untouchable topics!
Join us!
If you got a DM from me saying that someone was saying stuff about you...
delete it...
It's a spam don't click the link...
Thanks
i hope nothing like that ever happens to anybody i care about...
life is crazy
Darnell topping out at mid 80s.
Chris Davis nearly hit 90.
Interesting...
Well, I didn't win the lottery.
Guess I'm going to work tomorrow
YES I do!!
I meant like a second job.
Lol.
Don't worry.
Is it just me, or does it look like Jonah Hill is choking with that bow tie?
If I had my headphones I would listen to
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answers.
William S.
Burroughs
Finally escaped the Pentagon for a lunchdate  had my first Salad today.
Chesapeake Bay Cobb was fantastique!
haha so old school
Seeing The Raven instead of The Avengers.
Lol
Its beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
jk its Halloween
Your not the only one...
We're supposed to be impressed?
Every other coach, good or bad, will be doing the same thing
I is good.
taking pain pill today, like randomee But good.
FF to one of the coolest cats on the Twitters!
The crew is not going to be the same without !
Tomorrow night: i'll be performing at Luther's Table in Renton, WA.
Shows starts at 7:30pm.
Blessings.
It seems like its so hard for people to be original these days.
as in that's what's up on the tweet
You got a single called Whippin' Tha Lac and you had to call baby momma to take you to the radio station...
did I say he was Mexican?
Sometimes I Rhyme Slow Sometimes I Rhyme Quick
so happy for u 2 congrats
I was wavering, but he looked a little too much like Tom Cruise RT : and you didn't stop to offer him coffee?
But it's hard out here for a pimp so I understand..
.
no worries but let's figure out the wiki setup and getting more work done there  so we can help each other better!
whoa there.
It hasnt been THAT long, but phones work 2 ways, shawty.
yea if i go to twitter web it's fine.
Weird.
Free Prescription Discounts  Savings up to 28  Target  VICODIN 
Got the Jackie Brown OST for the ride.
69 of people will find something sexual in a Tweet
It seems like Monday evening works for everyone.
Location TBD.
7:00pm?
Negative emotions such as anxiety and depression can weaken your immune system.
feel the 3
hm I really have to think about this!
I dislike today.
Make it better, universe!
have any cookies?!
when you sleep someone else is working MindSet
I'm about to be real haitian and throw my slipper at the television
Sure!
Could you tell me more about what you're looking for?
Is this for an occasion?
Theme?
point!
Etc
I'm super active and in shape it takes hard work to sit on the couch and eat chips...I can't reach the remote, man I need 2 get outside more
I was surprised more people didn't fall asleep lol.
And you should have tried harder!!
Swinging on a swing set
Woohoo!
Am I a party animal on Friday nights, or what?
Great tweets coming out of ASTD2012 Wish we were there!
Thanks to all the tweeple sharing.
I prefer the seething jealousy I feel while watching International, too.
BiWeekly meeting tonight 7:30pm.
Come help unload a literal car load of tools and new toys from his car.
quotes history Let thy step be slow and steady, that thou stumble not.
Ieyasu Tokugawa  samurai
My bf gon miss the heat game smh I don't feel like hearin about this
Our offense is in fire!!
Run production....great at bats....pop ups....glad we have JV on the hill!
Good weed.
Red slurpies.
We doctorve in the night time.
Don't think sothey're gradually switching us all over.
I am taking the plunge first :
shoulda song a diff song he was good until a bitch became a problem 2night.
you'll love it.
Positively beautiful there.
Student Quote: I love chess.
I would sure want chess to be born.
Christian, 7
I just stopped watching.
Can't do it anymore.
She's happy to make a pair of pants for you, or at least sew its seams.
Love the Eagles!
What that is?
yes!!!!
We most def should!
I am so not in the mood for anything today.....
Including this seminar
BREAKING: Potential presser tomorrow for all 5 UK underclassmen.
The age long question...Mac or PC?
Dance Classes are Back at Stage 7: February 12th, 19th, 26th  I am back on my regular teaching schedule  let's get our groove back
Love the new website very fun  colourful!
See you in Agoura Hills sometime soon.
If not The Grove.
Love the fact from now on i wake up everyday after 10
twitter's bootstrap 2.0 is annihilating my world and then methodically reconstructing it in front of my eyes.
In Tom Brady We Trust!
Ten art pieces are up and for sale now at Flying Fish Coffee in Mt.
Pleasant!
Check it out and let me know what you think!
Take my belt off bitch I'm pootie tang tippie tow tippie tay you gon get a tip today ...Fuck tht you gon get some dick today ..
ThoughtsWhileRunning I have to pass that guy that's ahead of me
thanks for you!
This year I streamed you while doing taxes  tax world doesn't seem so tedious now.
I finally have a solution....
Happy birthday Callan Carter!
Welcome to the world!
join us at the ritz in warren on march third!!!!!!
yea bro
Cool!
Steelers get Gay!
OMG!!
Just got like the best surprise ever!
I have 6 A's and 1 B so far in my classes GOD ANSWERED MY PRAYER!!!!!!!!!
Praise God!!
I heart you Rangers!
Flip cup FTW!
I think that I'll pass on the Simpler Times this time though.
; 
Nice to see CEO and CFO of Manpower take the Hiawatha train to Chicago as well
Oh, ouch and um, yay?
good luck tonight!!!
Who doesn't love doctor Seuss??
Storytime reading of THE LORAX!
Sat, 2/25 from 9 11am at all Target stores.
Goody bags, book specials  more.
B Roy is my homeboy
With pineapple salsa RT : Fish tacos by far!
I am a personal assistant looking for work based in LA  moving from NYC after 15 years to CA.
Have exp.
look at Jeter's stats this year and over last 160 games.
One of best in game at SS.
Fact
Hedwig and the Angry Inch tonight at the Cha Cha Lounge.
Happy Hour All Night!!!
And the more booze for me!
;
lol what's Lala's world?
I don't have TV.
MCR is also amazing live : lol!
I'm so jealous!!!
:P But i'm gonna try to go see Incubus at the end of September!
:
ok I got u
almost 200 followers!
That's a lot of kid movies!
Also, just wanted to say thanks for the Bandcamp recommendation!
Really appreciate it.
:
I guess you still don't get so lets take it from the top, you asked me what my sign is and I told you it was stop.
The left is taking way too much pleasure in reporting this.
You injured yourself in a rock climbing accident so now you're taking up gardening?
Great idea!
Peeling an orange
The way One Direction says ' hair '  :
As of know is the 1 guy in my Life 3 
IBB Cutch if you are the Stros?
I would
This Saturday is going to be a party at Numbers!
Ask us for tickets!
Can't wait or turkey day next week!
M...pumpkin pie!
Dave Dahl's skin cancer scare.
What Dave ignored that you shouldn't.
Plus Dave's recovery tonight on KSTPTV at 10.
I still have no idea where it's all going.
What is the right thing what is the wrong think.
lol we already know RT : hm.
Sounds like something we want in on lol.
quotes We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
I'm excited to see my girl NataliePortman tonight.
Oscars She's still my 1 celebrity crush.
5 tweets later...
I just finished cutting the grass.
I feel Mexican.
X
: April 17 and my farmers tan is looking nice already.
Same brotha...
see see, u done got yo ass in some shit now!
just go wit niggas.
damn smh....lol
Quintilian Nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming.
Hey !
Your Local on the 8's said it's sunny and your radar shows it's raining What gives?
Thx for a great party last night  you  Michael are great!
Have a good weekend.
Let's get together soon.
what up
She tweets like dumb things I say...
coworker
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 5career has been done with that respect and appreciation in mind.
And that is why I'm so grateful and humbled
After watching the pageant again with national directors , it came out that phillipines was the one whose answer was the best!
RT : You are pretty.
yes, YOU.
Seriously, Brandon is one of the sweetest guys ever.
:
shoutout to my new follower!
mahalo, one love!
Chilling on this front porch while arianna sleeps 3
Anyone know where I can pick up an intravenous time released coffee monitor?
Then I be good
SO to nf...Tight Work Bro!!!
thought yous were from Jersey?
I need the new record!
National Movement strategy says we kindle small groups, communication networks, capable leaders, mobilizing leaders
In the office fine tuning tomorrows upper body strength training workout for the Mens Basketball team.
I LOVE putting my knowledge to use!!!
I'm sorry..
agreed about what?
Try our new classes today in South Miami!
Power Yoga w/ Ashley  4:30pm  Budokon Yoga  2pm!
FF back at you, SDH!
Was so good to see you today.
:
doctorve from WV to Florida
Cool kids can't die.
Many people play sports bt i love to dance.
On my way back from fishing : and miss her like crazy3
two Weeks frm tomorrow!
Still waiting for the social media pin to come in!
lol I miss u too Tallahassee SUCKS right now
hm I think that'll blow me up.
Prolly gonna need something lighter lol
I can be so girly!
uh RT : ...and with the girliest excuse to get out of a meeting.
I'm actually a little proud.
There was nothing that even came close to seeing him kick that dirt on the umps.....oh the memories!
Remembering I have walked along the top of an aqueduct where the water used to run...
I felt all left out, not tweeting about anything so heres my black friday tweet!
with and
how's your final4
Fast action by Clay County Hospital Emergency team helps save a life
Send your funniest pet photo.
Make your furry friend a star.
Win a free grooming from Paw Wash Plus.
www.itsyourhometrinity.com
Oh my doctornk people i forgot today was tequila sunrise until i walked downtown!
I think the word casual just doesn't sit well with me.
On the whole, I believe in all kinds of potentialities.
So many sad Bills stats crawling across the screen.
sad trombone
Essay: Supporting A Daughter's Love for Superheroines While Wishing There ...
The Mary Sue
Where do broken hearts go?
Breathe in .
Breathe out.
I really could have let Saturday come to a close without discovering my corgi investigating an injured bird.
Set your goals high..
then exceed them!
Outstanding  are very Legendary Victorians give amazing tweets to everyone daily.
They're truly beautiful  :
Couldn't agree more about heel striking when running....heels are for walking!!
You, too.
And get some sleep.
I live on the edge, I don't get ready for work until I have 8 minutes left to get ready for work!
BLAMMO!
Take that, work!
Presenting the colossus: Norma Jean, For Today, Sleeping Giant, The Chariot, War of Ages, Close Your Eyes, Texas In July and more July 20!
Whoa der sexy momma
Could the former DTP femcee be announced into Rozay's MMG fold today?
Rumored reports are saying just that...
I love my chicken, cluck cluck cluck!
You eat my chicken, I mess you up!!
Stay strong brother.
Those Boston fans are intense!
Bout to got to bed
Beat dat beat up ;D
At stenys having dinner and beer going out with my dad tonight.
I said.
Scuse me yur a hellova guy, I'm mean my my my like pelican fly 3
Just let it go...
ask :P haha sorry, I'm just too lazy to answer
looking forward to having you in the office this week and getting going on Spokaneweek and
and I will come out for a few days 100.
my first double header is tomorrow.
I hope I make it to the 2nd game
Not that I doubt Bauerlein's estimate!
When you have more fouls than points, you know it's been a tough night.
shot being Lauri
Well 4 mothers day tomorrow suggest the restaurant where richard works just saying
Over 15000 raised last night for the hunger task force.
Thank you to everyone that came out.
Merry christmas!
delete this account and start following me on this account.
alikrainey Thank you
Beautiful day for a frapp from our starbucks in the Lobby corner of Tijeras and 3rd
I'm on Google now.
If you are, let's connect.
Oh my god, when the hell did I say that?!
That must've been so long ago!
I want to punch 'that guy' who yells, Get in the hole!
the second after a putt gets struck.
thanks for the shoutouts..you guys rock!
this is your iphone, so I command you to tickle me again by tweeting mahomies:D it was funn!
RT : Grateful to see The Island President tonight  SF Green Film Fest.
Go See It!!
ThingsThatFrustrateMe rude people
last seasonsad thoughts.
Way too good of a show.
yeah...everyone was staring at us with pity.
In Red Robin...which is pretty sad.
I bet I hate it more...there needs to be a law
You know bitch ass pokemon's attack will be gettin' lower when I bust out growl!
omg it should be a holiday right!
Lol j/k you cut your hair?
A girl doesn't need to tell you straight up how she feels.
It's written all over the way she acts when you're around.
what is Peter Chernin up to?
Is Always Right !
:D
Out for a run...catch me if you can!
Wow!
Good job.
Ohm Shanti!
: Yes Im smiling, but youre not the reason anymore.
Tasting my way through the Bourbon Trail in KY today.
That's Devils hockey.
Own the boards, win the game.
Two more periods.
Keep the energy up!
Ba da ba ba ba
I am getting wired up at Wired Magazine for my reaction to the Superbowl commercials.
What I did for love!
superbowl ads
In the spotlight, prepare for those who want to: block it, steal it, stunt it, share it, redirect it, or shine it brighter.
Learn who's who.
THAT IS LUCAS VERCETTI AND HE IS A BEAUTIFUL CREATURE.
Tuesday, love your style!
Making it happen.
Leading the team to victory.
Ah...just continually adding to the reasons I adore you!
:
I feel bad for not liking Hesher because I love Natalie portman and JGL so much.
Their acting was great but I just didn't like the story.
Excited for summer?
ME TOO!!!!
Happy Syttende Mai to all back in mother country Norway.
INDEPENDENCE!!
Miss you all and see you in August for new record and tour.
The Marlins have lost a few games.
They're also having managerial problems.
Get it together fins!
Sidecut again soon.
m/
I like horror and doctorm and mysteries what about u
thanks for those RT's!
where IS everyone today?
are we the only ones working?
Downhill Xtreme  Universal  HD Gameplay Trailer  progress lighting arts
Ironythe religion teacher telling students to download her son's explicit lyric songs
Things we do...
I sure could use your magical hangoverdestroying burger right now.
well thank you sweets!
: YOU'RE cute!!
F the Lakers, y'all the Heat.
At California Women Lawyers dinner in Monterey.
Women rock.
:
Well, this is a portmanteau to end them all.
RT Abysscotheque.
Thanks, Allan.
My week has ended with me in high spirits.
Looking forward to a wonderful weekend.
Enjoy yours too!
Where's jessica she's the only one I care about
thas a lucky ass bitch.
I'm ProudOfAl .....who the hell is Al???
wow nice choice of words there lol xD
Where was my high five?
I feel cheated.
Made it back home to the heat box.
Thanks again Canada for your warm hospitality and cool temps.
hey hope your doing well, are you still in the burgh?
Just got the NewNewTwitter.
Going to take some getting used to but I like it so far.
Your my other half my soul mate I love u so much and u mean everything to me Tu eres el amor de mi vida Te Amo3
that bone is rather.....impressive!
yayyy.uhmmm.sunday?
at church..but.i dont know if im going sunday!
so maybe in a week!
LOL!
I love you too.
RT I wonder if John Roberts  other SCOTUS justices have headaches from everyone reading their minds so much lately.
RT : Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.
Happy V Day!!!
Sent Over a Couple of Posts to , Closing In On NewBiz and Making Strides w/Some Member of the Press
Tune in today at 9 to see Rania cooking a recipe inspired from a 1928 KDKA Radio cookbook!
Newsletter hit a few bumps as well, but still remaining hopeful, blog will get better now that I have more time...
Has anyone read STARTERS?
I keep hearing about it.
now playing  the last song  by on ulr www.urbanlatinoradio.com
The doctorp bid system for Sharp Equity is up and running!
This will position them to dominate the wholesale market.
Congrats Team!!!
Jail is not the answer for doctorg addicted childoctorn.
EDSHOW NEWT has no sense of reality when it comes to poor people.
What a loser!!
i seriously need out of this place.
its more than i can bare.
i wonder if my mother would let me live with her i really hope so im miserable
I'm just holding on because my faith in God is just that strong.
You're very welcome.
: 
nyy yankees Have EVERY player on the team learn how to BUNT, and then execute at the appropriate time...
LIKE WHEN YOUR DOWN 3 BOTTOM 8
Adding all sorts of fall merchandise from Carhartt, Key, Dickies etc.
So excited to wear long sleeves  layers again!
As I look back now, I laugh because there was never any real reason to be threatened by you.
I will always be better than you.
A successful life doesn't require that we've done the best, but that we've done our best.
H.
Jackson Brown
Have been taking advantage of all this great weather?
What is your favorite thing to do outside?
Hike?
Bike?
???
Why do cops doctorve like assholes?!
Even when they aren't chasing anyone.
Even though we didn't reach 3,000 followers on Facebook, we are still going to select one FB follower tomorrow and send them a KoreFit!
My mind goes so many directions in a matter of seconds
Thanks so much for coming!
Contact us directly if you have questions, .
I love it I love it I love it, when you eat it
do I need to come regulate on some people ?
I hate how Subway only give you 1 napkin
You go through guys crazy fast.
You just use them.
That's a maneater.
What's your definition of the word?
i replied to your text from 5:59 n never got texted back smh
TweetandEat panel is about to begin SIS room 233
What the Haps on the Craps Otown,Is there anything good to listen to in the evening..
Cant Find Shit To Chill and Listen Too
plz don't quit the Austin Mahone story on YouTube
Thanks for the birthday lovin everybody!
I appreciate ya ;
I look forward to debating Tammy Baldwin on the very moral principles of our philosophies  Eric Hovde
I'm not living if you're not by my side.
Forbes tried 2 claim Sac is 1 of most miserable cities  We BEG TO DIFFER Tweet/post why they're wrong, our reason: KICKBALL
Does anybody remember the funny twitpics I used to tweet?
'Mahogany tide' of algae turning harbor murky  Baltimore Sun
p.
5 WashPo Sunday Style has light, interesting article on the LibyanURL shortening connectionleft URL long...
Where are you?
With Michael.:
can't believe hasn't tweeted at yet
Finished 18th for just above min cash...but hey atleast it's another strong run!
Keep it going!
I think you are so pretty!
Can you follow me?
: and did you and Austin really date?
wow...did chris mathews ever miss the mark in his interview with michelle rhee
Wow, you're the rebound for a piece of produce.
alright.
thanks.
its 11pm and I'm just starting to make this formula sheet.
: Writing about happiness while sipping on chai tea outside of school..I feel sophisticated.
content 
Are you in Vancouver at ?
Stop by and visit the IEM booth!
We are located in the Exposition Hall at Booth
/// Niggas wait on a new invented dance nowadays....
I wanted to introduce you to an incredible metal guitarist
Because we obviously arent anymore..
Ill work hard and be ready!
Just keep pushing me  I know Ill be happy in the end no matter what the outcome maybe 3
correct greed kills
Greece Needs Believe tour :, Tweeted it for ya :p
why?
what they do?
Once u lose your happiness ...
U lose everything
ANYONE who has a skill that could be applied to getting in on the ground floor of a music based comic book...
send it to us!!
WORD
Jordan Hill earned these mins
RUN FOR THE HILLS!!!!
RT : Mean Justine is hella back.
that's cause colorblind politics legitimize not recognizing the beauty of all races and acknowledging racism still exists

a BIG TY 2 u 4 ur mention of 2010 Celebration of Hope Gala on 10/22.
We'll send u final totals after the event ;
I might be over reacting but I don't care!
what did you have ;...
Thanks for coming by!!!
Birthday girl, hope you're enjoying a few umbrella doctornks south of the border!
glad to see you join the ranks of the faithful followers.
doctornk a spotted cow or two for me.
If you ask me where my own home is the only answer I can give is that its not a place but words I live in words and words are where I belong
yes can't complain!
Hope everything is going well with you.
New film idea looks great!!
Right!
Different doctorma at the Staple Center.
Haha some people think that is true though :
The 'A' is DEFINITELY necessary.
RT : STEM education plus Arts  STEAM
Category 4a Winner is Brad Hicks
Get his chips
When my woman doesn't answer her phone.
Qdoba get in my belly!!
has Olivia Newton John songs looping through her head.
WHY???
Make it stop.
Please.
Games to 5.
Make them short and highly competitive.
Loser gets off, next team on.
Also play with the lineups.
I'm learning so much about Reds baseball listening to Bill Cunningham.
hahaha yeah we were all just like, really tho?
no worries, just curious and probably jealous.
Best of luck!
This woman on House Hunters walks into a bedoctorom and asks what the room is for.
just like everybody else :
Glad you liked it, Brian!
Thought it was pretty powerful stuff
On this day, March 7, of 1861, Abraham Lincoln visited the Soldiers' Home for the first time.
What was your first impression of the Cottage?
Getting ready to head over to mocca today..
TodayImWearing COMBAT BOOTS!
;D
no bullshit that was fun next time I'll bring more doctornks hahaha
maybe adding a bacon puree to batter?
If a tweet humanizes a rep.
and help him/her win reelection, it should be considered work.
Politicspersonalpolitics.
monday night, you know what that means!
HIMYM with
oh.that makes a whole lot more sense now.
hhah
We will make sure you get the business deductions the IRS allows http;//www.taxproblem.org
RT Just reported a hazard on State Rte 161 W, using Waze  doctorve Social
I heard that some unknown kids playing in an unknown area came in contact with an unknown plant and developed an itchy rash
I agree w parenting issue.
Kids live separate lives online.
Socalled good kids flip a switch.
This is a cultural shift.
Hard to believe Brewers did not have a base runner until the 5th inning.
If you are coming to ALFA stop in and say hi for a special gift!
Exhibit booth 1332.
At our new interactive booth you can test doctorve the in
Wow that only took 2 YEARS!
RT Bethesda escalator update: An up and down escalator is now operational at the station.
I get it, I hate the wave and other dumb ass up in your face cowboy fans.
But fans should be allowed to have SOME fun!
Generalization is what it eventually boils down to on a socialpolitical base.
The rest is a productservice generator.
Bob Ament who lost a primary in Irondequoit says the school has a heroin problem.
He says don't toy with me on this issue.
Hm...2226000
Right on, man  thanks!
And if you're so inclined we can always use help spreading the word.
The gift, of times of external darkness, shows us how brightly our inner light, the sun of our core, can shine!
Cling to your core Tweetahs!
Trying to figure out the chords I want to go with my songs.
So difficult!
haven't updated in a minute, been nonstop going........it's a good thang ;
ICC appoints Luis de la Calle as ViceChair of the ICC Commission on Trade and Investment: See ICC website.
Congrats and for Vitrue making no.3 on the best places to work in Atlanta list!!!
I am mad at my chicken stock.
Thinking about leaving it outside like a bad dog or semisentient garden gnome.
Today on we are making over the Durst Quads from Buffalo!
So excited to see their new looks!
Watch at three!
do you ever speak with actors from the movie?
My malpractice insurance does cover it.
I believe most will as long as you are performing duties within ...
I wish there were an Instagram filter that can make you look less like a jerk.
don't message me hey beautiful because if you only do that to certain girls that's wrong because every girl is beautiful .
Modern Giants in the studio this week  Radix
Went to see at work, and Gabriel randomly appeared :3!
what steps to take to pitch a show without having my idea stolen?
Ill regret it in the morning
just got done eatting bout to go my ass to sleep!
Saw my first Christmas commercial today.
Too early?
I think so.
Please god I pass the Core 40 tomorrow
HA, same here!
I need Ted to teach me how to properly pronounce Aaron Sanchez.
Can't roll my r's, lol.
Because of smartphones, I now spend twice as long in the bathroom.
Going to the restroom has never been so awesome!
I don't wanna be anything other than what I've been trying to be lately.
Up at 6:30 am.
I should be sleeping.
Audition in the morning.
Hi!
Thank you!
Happy Race night!
xxox's :
Which medium has ad's noticed most?
Print 3 of top 5  Magazine, Direct Mail, and Outdoor Ad's
I LOVE: cute girls who can skate
i love you big homie
Oops, that was supposed to be Apologies!
By y they mad
Thanks for the follow.
One love.
Purp.
I refuse to experience the hungergames zeitgeist without popcorn.
Down to the wire.
Did everyone have a good holiday weekend?
What was the most exciting thing you did?
sorry gotta root for the florida ladies :
Airplane toilets still scare the shit out of me.
Which is appropriate, I guess.
The Brothers of the Mighty Midwest, and their dynamic leader Bro.
have been so hospitable and welcoming!
Thanks!
Disneyland is great today!
Not crowded at all!
:D
God has no phone but I talk to him,he has no Facebook but he's still my friend,he has no twitter but I follow him.
then we can be banned from MLB, too!
fine, we'll go start our own league, with blackjack and hookers.
MT : It's Make A Difference Day make a min.
2 contribution to for a free sub  Free Food!
This day can't possibly go by any slower :
I think I'm a master cheater!!
Lmao gonna nail that exam tomorrow ;
would rather be reading in bed right now, or on a boat floating in the carribbean.
The best comment I read in C code today: This code was generated by a tool.
Yes it was, Visual Studio, yes it was.
Viva Fiesta!!
Battle of the Flowers San Antonio.
Perfect weather to be snuggling with :
Well finally its Thursday night one more day.
Those give me the weirdest doctorams
That's what's up bro!
: I think it obvious dat our winners are KAREN and Luclay!..no need to even wonder?
u like creativity we definitely like the same thing.
I would love to meet anybody mor creative than me.
There aren't any.
entrance to the real world
that song comes on the radio alot
OMG.
THOMAS LIKED MY FACEBOOK STATUS FOR THE SECOND TIME.
OMG.
The Canary islands were not named for the bird; they were named after a breed of large dogs.
The Latin name means Islands of Dogs
Its not all about physical man!
Rumor has it that Kerouac is about to reorb.it  his approach visible to the nakedeye on May first.
Oh, and my Harmony one worked on Snow Leopard, but not my Harmony 900.
Not sure what the difference is between the models.
Thanks, Bill!
Read the book Room by emma donoghue in only a few hours.
Good, not as hard to read as I thought.
Groupsing is a little too cultish for me.
I much prefer groupthink.
sorry!
For some reason you don't show up?!?
Direct message me
ReplacePotterQuoteWithBoobs Not my boobs, you bitch!
it was me lol
you're hair looks nice
: Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down.
That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding.
Deals On Posters All Weekend!
Check us out at Musical Stop.com !!!
The one Stop Shop for ALL Indie Artists!!
Offer Ends Sunday 11:59pm ea!
so, Lumension's idea to fix my tech problem  my hour long call wait prob?
Call in again!
I need pick up my tweeting game
RT : Thrilled to announce that I'll be joining as Head of Outreach  Consulting.
Can't wait!
Starting July 5.
I think I'm the only queen who goes to a winery and doesn't doctornk.
Congrats to on misterball !
Well deserved.
He will no doubt represent Indiana as well as he has the town of Fishers HSEHS  HSES
Makerspaces don't change a librarian's role  you are an access provider!
Feeling awesome   Not feeling awesome 
She picked Moses  saw that coming after her comments
Dear : thank you so much for Joe in client services.
He is beyond extraordinary.
My rating of him is A!
WOW this kid can sleep!
I have another commitment.
Thanks though!
Yeah same here, I'm even considering doctorving w/ other chapter members and staying at my grandma's to make it super cheap.
phew!
Happy Easter :
Please make me better.
We will not destroy you.
Has any one seen any face book ads of ours
And that's what happens when takes my cell phone  lol
Are the lights on the Market St bridge ever gonna be fixed?
Notice it every night when I walk home from work at doctorxel.
SEAL / EXPUNGE YOUR CRIMINAL RECORD.
CALL US NOW.
474 9988.
DON'T WAIT ANY LONGER.
START OVER.
TAMPA / CLEARWATER
it seems impossible that i've spent this much money in one year, but yet here I am...but i let myself spend money for fun too
The things i would do to him...
Yum
Magic never dies.
Thx!
RT : GPsOSL Another ex.
of OER is Knowledge: college textbook publisher.
Students freely access books online.
For only 2 people we sure have a ton of laundoctor.
no idea Hula Hoops were potato chip/rings.
I need some of that please.
:
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Choices, choices.
Upscale cocktail bar mayhaps.
The reports about CNN buying are not kosher.
I like b/c they aren't mainstream.
200 million is a strong incentive.
It wasn't directed towards you a lot of people were making a deal out if it.
Having a great time at THREAD in phx.
If you're in phx you should come check it out!
Seriously???
Holy crap, good luck with your stalker issues what a wierdo!
Apparently NRA members from rural NY encouraged city youth to arm themselves by hyping neon colored weapons.
young moneg, cash money
Ricky and Greg, how are you both?
:
A Fine Balance, Rohinton Mistry, for History of India.
actually a pretty solid novel but the end was just downright depressing
Just got goosebumps when the guy came out.
Haha making everyone go back to their seats :P
what is with me discovering things far AFTER everyone else...
I was late to the myspace, facebook, twitter, tumblr and now foursquare lol
No lie.
No lie.
No lieieie.
Promise I will.
Medyo pilyo but super bait minsan moody.
I'll tell him sa monday.
haha nah Ive never done it
Carolina Liar just popped up on Pandora.
I haven't heard them in years!
hold on, hello beautiful, Australia, WYLMITE, inseparable,  Just friends.
You're Awesome too!
RT : Yep and BTW your show with is awesome.
Keep it up :
Following me is a pleasure to me.
Love knowing a fine ass lady like u is following me.
Let the fun begin.
What the heck is a sapiosexual?
I haven't been invited?
Like ah dollar bill
how was the movie bruh?!
Senior Records Manager Position for a top law firm in the Denver, CO area!
Email me at !
Your Tweets: The Walls of Jeri'Glow'?
Help Me  twitter.com/expert
Go DBacks!
we are 2ways and people will notice us.
Eventually
We are at and excited to hear and doctor Jafari present!
I can't help I hold myself to a higher standard!!
So don't be mad if I don't speak, be grateful I didn't waste no ones time.
Any newplay s to recommend that speak to occupy?
I'm going to write a letter.
With an actual pen.
On actual paper.
I feel practically....
steampunk.
Go follow ??i will list you 20x if u do!
Stop hating on her and look at yourself for a change.
She's believing in herself and following her doctoram.
What have u done anyway?
Lmfaoo.
that was me wasn't it ?
;D
Don't spend your day fighting traffic to UVA.
Come to Scottsville!
Find us at 125 Fleet Street with truly local produce and master crafts.
As has pointed out, Florida hasn't played a regular season game west of Fayetteville, Ark., since 1983, and UF was WISE to act thusly
haha yes!
i thought it was still funny though!!
why you hate ariana and victoria?
is working on a resolution on transparency and openness in the federal government...if passed this will be sent to the White House.
i love you
Images of all the new products coming up on the website soon for those of you who aren't near Milwaukee.
So are you REALLY upset that UK is off the schedule because of a love for the rivalry?
Or just because we likely beat them next year?
wide wake is legendary tbh.she's singing my life
Let's go I'm more than ready!
Can we hit a beach/ tennis resort?;
While My Guitar Gently Weeps...
I LOL at the fact that the Las Vegas Hilton still has the interior of Quark's Bar even though Star Trek the experience has been gone years
The one TV show I miss is .
Great to see at PCampSTL today
dude's a great player...
he can pretty much do it all.
he's a beast at chicken pickin, too.
.
's public sector servicedesign SWOT: want to do good, no is safer, own the market, have limited control
so where are you sitting for game 3?
Me and my bestfriend are sitting in section 338 row 23 way up there!!!
oh lol so now that u read it wat do u think about it
Thank you Steven : xx
where u from ?
RT : Now is the time for INtransit.
Sign the petition at www.cirta.us.
Just thinking of the Anonymous Secret Santa...wonderful people must wear Kangols...hint hint :
for sure!
Pretty sure that would have been US Forest Service.
get over yourself Michael your lucky she's let you in her life again you loser
PlansForTheSummer sleep and eat
no one ever thought we were a couple in Louisiana.
We look like lumberjacks
better follow me back lol
Yor AVI looks like Jon Daly !
Lol Go Cards!
thanks for following : tell your friends about
The haters aren't emotional at all cuz they'll get  any1 just 2 assassinate their characters cuz its part of their promotional plan.
The man in that photo is Anatol Josepho, who is credited with inventing the photo booth and patented it in 1925.
ed's are very sad to me in general, that's why I made this account so people could live the healthy way ya know?
Thanks, I will check it out on my nook.
...
fried chicken?
lmao
Is any one even awake right now?
Did you know of Queens historian Vincent Seyfriend's death?
He's worthy of a good writeup somewhere.
RT Goin' Crazy  Natalie.
I Wanna Dedicate This Song To3.
What's worse the pain of hard work or the pain of regret?
What is wrong w people?
G'morning tweet peeps today is a day of chance.
U know, if I do this will I chance that.
Not going to think about it, just relaxing in bed.
i agree...totally.
He hasn't been the answer.
At all
i see ya bruh
Proud of my friend and fellow board member, Karen Anne, gave up her car in November and has had fun biking, bussing, or hitching a ride.
Boozer trash
Keane are really good, why don't I listen to them more?
Good morning ;
One if the best times is when you can just chill.
You don't have things to worry about
aww cheekees : I forgot to set my alarm this morning but I will keep you lots of company in op.
mgmt!
Why they gotta be Amish yo?
RT I just doctorve through a huge pile a horse shit.
Goddamnit, Amish people are annoying.
im trying to find out from people but no one has tweeted me back about it
Run Hibbert at Bosh all series long.
BUT, David West has to make a better help effort
Cool!
Any Andoctorid app yet?
please follow the lead to raising autismawareness all around the world
I see you!
Yay!!
Congrats!!!
ha yeah they're worth a ton too.
Thanks for the RT!
Went to sleep fine, woke up w/ a headache, str8 BS
Would anyone be talking about Americas Got Talent today if it weren't for Howard ?
If happy ever after did exist, I would be holding you like this
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Dedicated It To And Here I Am Year Later And It's Still Dedicated To My Love.
You can't make this stuff up!

alone has the moderate and independent appeal to win.
How do I know someone is a charismatic speaker?
When they start speaking, I stop what I am doing, take off my glasses, look up and...
Pure Romance is the hot new trend right now.
Be part of something fun  exciting.
You provide the guests/house, I provide the entertainment!
Free my big brother
I hate how after an argument I think of more clever things I should have said.
Tweeting from white eagle using Kirsten's new iPad.
Will play Gilby's Angry Birds Space next.
Shout out to just got his clippers ticket for tonight's game.
when and where do you all take the group picture
Just when you feel cramped or choked in the office, you can say I was neither living nor dead.
ENGL 3830
All 3 Kansas teams going to the Sweet 16.
Count on it.
Oh and BTW really wish I was at tonight in Madison!
Please come back to Wisconsin for !
Such a beautiful day in the neighborhood...
hope tommorow is like this..cant believe it snowed earlier this week
Girl go to bed
Wow, wasn't Florida considered the leader by a lot of folks at one point?
That's it ...done 4 2day ....good night everyone ....
Trust is like an eraser.
It gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
.
.
Welcome to the studio!

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
i want to put on pretty doctorsses
good luck tonite
I wanna go to Disney World even though I have been 2 times 3
.
as do we, but w/ a character limit somehow blahblahblah ends up being superdescriptive
come this weekend so we can celebrate Joannies bday.
I'm thinking about surprising her :p
I'm pretty good!
How are you?:
bruhhhhhhh omg i forgot to tell you something when we were texting
I'm going to do it!
I need a change in my life, so I'm going to do it!
I'll let y'all know what it is before my b day June 10th.
:
RT : Anything the mind of a man can conceive and believe, it can achieve  Napoleon Hill

she keeps on talking about this AWESOME  FREE concert  Festival Park 2day.
b sure u  ur crew are there 2 down some brew  enjoy tunes!
Can't decide who I like more McSteamy or Owen Hunt.
Love doctorHunt's dimples but not really into redheads.
I am learning lots of things from Robert Reich..like, why I can't find a job.
Yippee.
follow me back
Cher you are my idol !
It would be a doctoram come true if i could meet you one day!!
xx
Ever since wrecked that scooter he's been doctorving like that
answer at 3
Time well spent!
What do you use Twitter for?
Have you managed to achieve your goals?
On the train to nyc for ny chapter of grammys!!
Acoustic set ahoy!
o ok I got it Thanxs 4 the Tip and sorry!!?
I have a bigger following than most of the artist in my city, I been going fed for years!
Got to love the DVR!
Oh yeah so excited
Because you repeat watching it!
Keep it classy, San Diego.
:
thankfully no.
Not sure we can compete w/2 waffle makers.
We're big fans of your writing on Wired, by the way!
well deserved, indeed!!
I hope so too.
lol  actually he'll lose 'em all  MA/NH/CA/MI RT : But Romney has so many home states.
He's bound to win one of them.
I love ya to just ur dad
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;P
I LOVED HIMYM tonight!
I was speechless.
Speaking of which, how excited are you for the Muppet movie?!
: I'm gonna lead a march down Cascade tomorrow.
MLK!
really?
what time?
When I ride in the backseat of a car I get car sick 
was just ahemed by her daughter for giving a silly answer when a serious one was called for.
NP The Weekend Love Through Her
imagine all the bosses you've ever had as babies but with their adult heads hanging out at a daycare center and being friends/muppet babies
I need food but don't wanna get up
It's like someone unlocked the doors at a psych ward and gave everyone a car...
doctorving in LA
I love your app, but you're missing some key neighborhoods.
How about Nob/Russian Hill, Pac Heights, North Beach?
nikki, i love you sister!
lol
Just added to the wfx 2012 expo floor Global Truss America
I'm not a thug, my pants don't sag, I don't call women bitches and hoes, and I work hard.
My father taught me well.
RT : Learn a lot from other peoples mistakes.
Its a much more pleasant way to live.
Charlie Munger
That one pic of her makes her look like a tranny
I really wish my house had a moat.....I would smile every time I crossed it.
Glad to blessed thanking God for another day'
Aww, its almost 's birthday 3
I had to close my eyes every time she strolled down the halls.
I like short skirts, but some people need to look in mirrors
what i've really missed most about not having my twitter for 4 months is definitely i feel so outta touch with my fav girl 3
I know I should be feeling a sense of loss at a divorce proceeding, but all I feel is a huge sense of relief.
You're right.
But, I can still be tired and be that
Thanks for the follow.
hey whats up
Listening now  it's beautiful!
The USA has the best public libraries in the world.
Now a U.S.
digital public library coming, in 2013.
Love your character on SOA  and love to get a follow too gotcha is the word I hear...
: All the best to you!
It should be!
I've seen it on ebay at times, pretty cheap too.
I just hope it's not a bootleg...
Today we have a strawberry margarita cupcake come over  try 17 east flagler street, miami, fl.
33131
Social interaction  personal passion  relevance motivates crowdsourced, quality news
WHATAFEELING whenever the guy you have a huge crush on likes someone else.
Thanks for the RT!
I love that poem.
My mom always has a few gems like that just waiting to roll out.
Interested in BJJ and/or Yoga?!
We have a few days this month to keep in mind!
BJJ info is on our facebook, and Yoga info is coming soon!
Rugga by the thigh for you
Are you looking for a Christmas gift both fun and meaningful, an easy way to create lasting memories for home or church?
www.holystable.com
TONIGHT  Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I.
JRoc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!!!!!
Charlotte is starting to cool down / looking forward to the fall!
keep watch at www.learningwcf.com...schedule hasn't allowed so far...it will be a different book likely
Thanks, Allison!
Loved having you here.
trying to get out of the city....
I feel like I should be in a paper towel commercial considering all the messes I clean up on a daily basis
Thanks for the RT  when you coming out for some WAWine tasting?
sunny day late start I just finished a 2.38 mi run with Nike GPS.
just took my temp, and iam running a fever terrific
I'm developing a love for plain vanilla ice cream.
It's the simple things, I suppose.
couldn't have said it better
Your BWAB is doctorving traffic to my undead blog.
Thanks, plp.
Thanks for the shout out on the reading list, Will!
Getting ready for the big next thrill...stay tuned.
Marlins 1st round pick from last year Jose Fernandez's line tonight 6 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 2 BB, 8 K
so ur jus not gonna appreciate the AFC championship games?
Joy feels icky.
Joy takes shower...
but Joy's bed is so comfy.
every time i look in the mirror, i feel disgusted with myself.
so thank you to those 3 assholes who bullied me for 5 years and ruined me.
RT : Who was ur favorate tonight and what did u think of the judges?
How did J Lo do?.
Get the trend going.
And you succeeded.
how so Team?
POTUS has to do something about this heat
We kind of really want some more INTERESTING followers.
RT for us and ask your friends to show us some love?
3
I'm trying to get used to it as well.
I find it a little tougher to look at now, despite a less crowded design.
happy monday!
been super buisy cant even think straight right now lol!
nightofthehunter on wow!!!!
This is so disturbing !!!!
Where is this cricket on the ESPN audio?
awesome show so inspiring!
I can't wait to see everything work out for you guys!
I don't touch soda either fear trans fats!
Just cause something is trendy doesn't mean you should do it!
austin and alley : x
I'll lift you up, I'll never stop.
You know I'll take you to another world.
's mission is to sustain/enrich life in the SA River Watershed, we have no jurisdiction over BexarMet
Hey all.
When the tweet is signed B Side, it's not me, it's my team who posted it.
I apologize on their behalf.
NO malice intended.
BF
Very pretty makeovers!!!
All the ladies look great!
Just got in another meaningless fight with my exgirlfriend.
Times like this help me understand why some men are sexist.
jameson irish whiskers
YOU MUST BE GETTING OLD lol!
RT : I'm really exhausted from playing so much today and now my back hurts 
Nothing like the smell of beer reductions in the morning.
:
SO how is everyone I MISSED YOU GUYS!!!!
3
Three little words that can change the world...
I love you.
nothing you stopped texting me
Thanksgiving is the holiday of peace, the celebration of work and the simple life...
Like Justin says and all the haterz, i swear they look small from up here .
So Haterz, Kiss Our Belieber Ass ;
Can an Airbus A380 be sold out between Paris and DC in June?
Or do they just severely limit the seats you can choose?
Why?
Early bird
It is not good to have everything one wants
Elektrolytes performance didn't catch my attention till them shirts came off, tbh.
hi dan: x
sharing how Twitter is bringing people together
I miss yo ghetty booty more!
I'm higher den a bidge!
sitting on yo roof!
BoxingSingapore flexes muscles at Vegas
I can spot saggy titty a mile away
I'm on the bus.
Lol
Your creepy lol but love u though
keep Cassel as my 2QB or try to get Cam as my 2?
ThankYOU!!
Love Women Power!!!
All I want for Christmas is....a permission number.
For that one Spring class that's been avoiding me.
College has effed up my priorities.
I guess I'll keep talking to myself.
I know, right?
Yes, exactly!
Nice to meet you, too.
Took the weekend off from the internet.
Good morning!
Back from ArlingtonHouse Was an intimate tour.
How do the Lees of VA not have an HBO show?
Wish the furniture was still in the house :
what up Big G.
I've really loved seeing your continued success on Heroes.
Best wishes and continued success to you and your family!
yes Greyson!
You tell her!
your doctoram coming true?!?
Been in prayer most of the day and feel amazing and at peace!
Will you join me for National Day of Prayer?
Metta world peace need to elbow westbrook or Kevin durrant
Anytime you're ready to write that parenting book I'm your first customer.
thx for the link.
Hadn't seen this clip before.
She even speaks German w a slight Bavarian inflection.
I was thinking about
Depends where they were.
As marketers we must constantly strive to exceed our customer expectations.
Create the WOW moment.
do you own a bird or?????
ate once today.
someone bring me food please
My wife and I have a give and take relationship...I give, she takes

you're sweet
me and my 40 friends are voting for you and the boys : you are going to win!
follow me?
3
Good morning :
RCI Inc.
Creating a Stronger Community One Individual at a Time..add us on Twitter
Rep.
Cherilyn Peniston says I wasn't planning to speak but then does on
kill it tonight ;
At the LIGALY Equality Awards on lawn guyland with
The Ron Paul one.
But of course, all good, now.
I promise to make sure they never work here again says NYC schools chancellor Dennis Walcott of 8 perverts pulled from city schools
S/O to for being an apple that fell off a tree!
Not to mention being a stranger !
Miss you  hope you've being doing good !
Im going losers i need outta the house anyways ive had a bad week
AllenBradley clock tower temperature sign is flashing GB.
Very cool!
got a 100 on my English presentation today :
At times peer pressure or family pressure cause a person to get an abortion also social pressure its not white or black or cut  doctor
Yves Bergquist, Chief Strategy Officer, will be making presenting at the Digital Hollywood conference on Oct 17, 2011.
VZILLION
nope, sorry, but I think you would.
Stop by room 233 tomorrow and ask.
Free will is love...
no NUTS, no GLORY
happy birthday, Kurt Cobain, you sweet and gifted man.
you have always been an inspiration, and will always remain an inspiration.
:
And with their limited number of scholarships, Badgers could probably bring in about 3 to 5 more prospects.
Depends on attrition.
He is not funny, end of conversation.
Just doctorve through Downtown Oakland and yes it's true, the police have build a fence around the park where OccupyOakland camped.
come home ma dude
Just got to Vegas.
Can't wait to go rage.
Maybe it's time for a revolt!
The Weekend Warriors Uprising!
cocks my head to the side and smiles You're funny.
I need some chocolate
Anybody have information about the Downtown Jacksonville honey bee swarm?
WJXT just called me, might be on their morning show tomm.
Dodgers finally have new owners
RT When they ask what pushed me over the edge, know it was Adobe Reader updating more than once a day.
Inside, sitting on the couch.
RT : that means you are having an awesome party.
Spammers only come to the best ones I guess...he he
She's a big TVD fan and she also bows a lot of the cast since she's been to the set in Atlanta multiple times.
It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor.
Wow!
I totally disagree with this
Yes, you do sound sexy, Dan.
And who are you kidding...
oven mitts aren't gonna stop you.
Get a bagel.
They make life better.
Sage words of the day from
Some people are full of themselves, all the while judging others.
Thanks for stopping in!
RT Just visited our new neighbors Adorable shop  beautiful products.
Check it out.
Would be happy to help you with your decision.
What features are you looking for?
Schoology vs.
lmao so do u so I wouldnt be talking
Mack: We support Quebec and CA's efforts on captainade.
We won't implement on same timeline, largely bc BC already has a price on
Doing what your hearts not in is purposeless and wasteful.
Do that which God intends to bless in you, and not what pleases man!
congrats.
Hard work pays off.
That baby dinosaur noise you make when you stretch.
Edward Is so white he blends in with paper wtf?
Uh...
And Jacob with his long hair?!?
And their voices in Spanish
This brings back so many sweet concert memories.
Getting ready to street race...
AYE!
3 Josh Vs.
Christian.
I shall win!
Ahah
Jasmine Wahi Contemporary has a new office space in SOHO!!
Going to a Berklee show at 7 ohh yeah !
:
Why do people feel the need to wear capes to school.
I cant do this anymore.
It's time let you go.
Seeing the hunger games finally!
To frigging excited this!
:
Thank you, Chris.
George Mason University has come so far so fast in 40 years thanks to George Johnson and Alan Merten.
Feel bad for Greg Oden, was a beast at OSU.
If you want nuke plants, don't privatize them.
professorts will always beat safety concerns.
Or be smart and say no nuclear power for now.
Continued success!!!
rain rain go away, selling homes anyway
Anytime next week!
I have a slow rest of the month, finally.
Looking forward to relaxing and prepping for the new year.
Sauce on side!
I strongly dislike a lot of people and things but i really truly hate my alarm clock
loves it
Will 2011 be the breakout year for eBooks?
Happy New Year.
Be safe and have fun!
Holy shit.
This is boring.
Listening to a comedy radio station which is anoyying.
Omg my ears r gunna fall off
Alright well..Good Night to all of my AMAZING followers3 let's hope tomorrow will be just as great if not better than today!:
if you could eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Going to see Avengers with my dad :
Wow that was pretty intense!!!
There was just a fire right next door!!!!
I say Pinterest.
No one cares about Google.
Success consists of doing the common things of life uncommonly well.
stop being a twittering whore!!
Love ya though!
I mean niggas say Dave come on man its ur first car ur forcing it but I say nigga YOLO!!!
is the winner of Nov 9th's Question of The Day recieves 2 entries into the end of the month free bat doctorwing!
I know they're rare, which is why I'm suggesting a hangover.
He's just not tracking the twoseamer, for some reason...
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you see someone you really dislike sit at a table near to you at a restaurant.
You already know
I want sum all black air for ones
Damn!!
Formerly a man?
Wow!
She looks great!
I'm speechless....
glitter clutch in multi I die for it goes with everything got to grab one in Vegas, in love!
Lolla will always be a zeitgeist, a snapshot as to who is hot and relevant at that moment in time.
Nothing wrong with that.
Just saying..
Kameron Lowe trending in the US for all the wrong reasons.
Portland rock and roll 1/2 marathon in tminus 12 days!
I hope they'll serve hot dogs at the end...
dont have your number so rather than wake up Marc I thought this was easier...are u and Al going inside or out on 3rd floor,?
RT: The Feds decided another thing I tried 2 do is illegal.
Oh well, Tonette is making a great meatloaf 4 dinner.
Harry potter still sucks
I like to pretend my arm is a violin, and the razor is my bow :
Since it looks like NYC will be shut down due to Hurricane Irene, what indoor projects are you taking on this weekend?
Andy Grammer!
: RT Tweet us and tell us your favorite show of 2012 so far for your chance to win 2 tix to any show

We should def hang out next weekend
stop tugging on dudes and get to work
I sure understand it.
UofL has nothing to hang your head about.
This is just UK's year.
It looks fun!
I saw it at CicLAvia too.
i pretty sure all my sisters hate me depressing :
Good game hawks.....
Just gotta win 2 more
We are open for Memorial Day, in honor of our service men and women all military personel will receive a complinetary app with their dinner!
Congrats on the booking, WeWi!
Nothing like a little ActorMuscle session to take the room  kick ass 2nite at Flappers!
yea go pat!!
ya just the
new song is addicting i cant stop listening to it!
have hard questions for united airlines oh wait it's not ual but continental!
u take ual name and brand  cut promised benefits.
bad boy!
good morning moon
I miss you too!!!
So much!
Come back !!!
RT are officially amazing!
Breakfast for dinner
Was a pleasure pouring wine for mister Pat Sajak today.
Every bit as funny in real life as he is on the Wheel.
oh man!
There already going to start taking it down!
:
Got a family that wants me and loves me.
Too too right.
Shout out to all the ppl just now puttn they boxes out from Xmas thinkn they waited long enuf that nobody won't steal they shit
You can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever be simply whelmed?
no..wendys has chicken mcnuggets too!
It's one of those days I wish I never would have gotten out of bed!
hi!!!!!
i just sent you a text as well.
multimedia communications haha
Unveiling next month: An ephemeral, floating, luminous public project...
For once in my life I'm happy and everything is truly going good 
Thank you for the RT!
Hope to meet you sometime  seems we have mutual friends and passions.
:
The internet seems broken this morning.
Under Investigation...
Taking a break time for some Tbone steaks  then chatting with u listeners on the West coast
Now that Jesus has risen, we can all go back to being the true assholes that we all really are.
God can change the situation your in and reverse the hurt.
wish I could attend this powerful panel.
Looking forward to a debrief Alex.
Apologize For The Late Response H2012NY2YANDYOUR, BY THE WAY GOING ON TOUR ON February 10, 2012 WILL KEEP U POSTEDYoBoyH
what happened to the American pride...Made In America pride...
Grilled mesquite pork sirloin  corn on the cob  maccheese  one happy tummy.
Horray for good food!!!
you was hacked.
Change your password.
nothing really, just got on the computer and chilled.
The strongest principle of growth lies in the human choice.
George Eliot
Upstream Public Health and NW Health Foundation join Save Portland PE Coalition!
u got this..proud of you!
GONNA WATCH CUPCAKE WARS 2 NIGHT!!
3 VIP PASTRY SHOES PARTY: with swag!!
When will the White Sox stop the speciesists and allow an Iguana Day?
packing...cleaning...
What ever shall I do to celebrate my 170th follower?
It doesn't make sense.
Shouldn't they want to elongate their bodies to seem more slender  tall?
On what should you mount a statue of your cat?
A caterpillar.
Snuggling in bed with my favorite homo and stupid hoe
oh the forck i love all the stories n imagines of Big Time Rush it make me happy n when my RusherFamily tt just like
but you was going along with it...aw lmao
Love the thought but wonder if we're designing for Homer
but I can hook you up with some very similar if you did...
the beads may be different though ...
but same color.
In 2010, the last call we took on New Year's Eve EST was at 11:47pm on how to edit footnotes!
What will it be this year?
if any of their employees stop in, we will mention to them.
Come by the shop if you are visiting their office
You did good.
Great find!
Which beach are you at?
I feel like I've been hit by a truck
We are all the naked man today.
I still rock out to Turn It Up!
This will always be a jam!
What a game!!!
: Buzzer.
Beater.
uwm gopanthers
Snowing in NY
Is you scared of whitey ford dawg?
Just say you scared of whitey ford, that's it
Aurelien Collin is not leaving KC for good, he is living it up in Europe and New York.
He'll be back.
Japan has really fragile buildings Godzilla
it is on the front page of espn3 to be watched.
Time Warner, bright house, and Verizon food are listed for this game.
Super homesick today!!
Had my tears run but hopefully visiting home in 2 weeks 3
RT Searching for the truth is easy.
accepting the truth is hard.
if u like the my music.
we can talk in great details.
Thanks
YeahRight you going to get a job and move out
HungerGames last night said: Don't just win, change system.
Later at U.
Square, I told OWS video feed to switch to defending
Nice!
Glad you had fun.
I was in an out went to the Yankees game
Something as meaningless can make you think
by northwest suburbs
Gus my bus to work is taking a detour or maybe I got on the wrong bus.
Maybe I'm being punked...When is the last time that show was relevant
I know I have a lia sophia show that night :/
Looking for suggestions on cloning a wordpress site very quickly and easel to other servery.
Plugin or software or anything else.
lmfao I'm never mean too my bby  iknw
Philly sucks.
Rogers won at Philly in playoffs last year
RT T2 Facebook has same dilemma as Google Health: no backend integration  fail AND no credibility for security/privacy
to be fair I'm not gonna play these for months either probly
Hey!
Follow back?
: only if you want 
hey thanks for the comments last night!
I'm tired...
therefore I shall sleep now 
yayy I got it correct
You're a bright guy, figuring out Twitter for you will be a breeze.
NewRulesofCivility 21.
Be honorable.
Make only commitments you intend to keep.
RARS is our alert for Thursday big play in effect this one could b Mays biggest play
WAVES Thanks for spotting us!!
How are you?
How to be insanely clutch and choke on the same play by Rajon Rondo.
For once I'm being chauffeured somewhere.
Feels kinda good
Tatarewicz: Newton's ballsthere's an app for that.
Awesome!
the I have monday off crowd is really souring my it's friday, try to stop me mood.
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
All of the starters have been just about as solid as me.
Thinking of dying my hair my natrual color or keep the same color , or ombre ?
Ahh hmm hm ...
Congrats to the 32 guys doctorfted tonight.
Another 221 to go  plus about 400 undoctorfted players to get signed in next 48 hours.
Gamiifaction is a nice technique to trick your brain into thinking differently.
Dairy Queen is so chill overall
Most Excellent flow chart!
Lots of fun traffic today...photo booth arriving soon and all the last minute touches for tonight's opening!
Thoughtfully Built: Homes on Esprit Park include 2 planned City Car Share spots for residents who choose not to own a car.
We're looking to book a lot more shows!
If you can help us out then hit us up!
Jonathan Quick is my favorite American goalie, too.
Hell, he's my favorite goalie period.
Bears vs vikings tomorrow great rivalry.....have to root for bears ....
Mcnabb sucks
in reality yes but if you watch me its like wow
Did you apply for a job this weekend??
Just 2 more weeks living through hell and then summer2012 3
haha, I just had an idea for a Halloween costume.
Willow Smith lol.
So far so good, it just started!
xo
haha.
Id be so mad if my sisters did tht!
Thanks for following !!!!
Miss my boo
Only those who risk going too far, find out how far they can go...
do you not follow me?
Thanks for the RT
Bout time anchorman 2 came out, powerstache ftw.
Sleeping in
tinychat PLEASE IM SO BORED ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY
Good Morning!
Don't forget, come in today for BOGO 1/2 off all edibles!
XCLUSIVE RECORDS LOOKING FOR SINGERS  RAPPERS!
FOLLOW FOR MORE DETAILS
I'm very disappointed in Lyle for not fixing the show.
I was hoping he would've fixed everything!
Pulitzer Prize winner Holland Cotter to be this year's MICA Commencement speaker!
Couldn't tell if the new CenturyLink ad was for a tech company or a Slinky.
Had me confused!
It would be interesting if Uber branded a style of cabs like the iconic London taxi's made by Manganese Bronze Holdings
If you imagine walking 6 blocks SW from Jesse's house, you'd be on my doorstep.
The GUSA senate endorsed the raising the evidentiary standard in the Student Code of Conduct to clear and convincing at its meeting Sunday
nice shades!
After two fun days of talking to board members and advocating for the archives, I am unbelievably excited to work alone in my office today.
you ready for your first ZUMBA experience tomorrow?!
so excited to see your first impression ;
don't know if its too late, but Fiery Furnaces  Police Sweater Blood Vow
funny I bumped into her during avn and she looked petrified to talk to me
wv prom today...i hope everyone has fun 3
RT : 10 start ups pitching at
hey how are u?
How are u been?
Busy day today!
We're switching into high gear for that special time of yearBetter Speech and Hearing Month!
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity
Glad to read you are back to indie and PSPdfkit!
We are looking forward to updates!
Alles Gute!
Broke the 3 on my 3rd place trophy and now the 3 looks like a C.
Please!
follow my best friend I followed you back!
please follow!
Happy Monday!
's Admissions Office can use ur help.
Vote for our pirate themed duck  www.kcparent.com please help us win!
HappyBirthday To My Dude We missing you mane they ain't a day that goes by that you are forgotten never that 
thanks already had dinner ready, yours just looked better!!
I did, why?
love that one
U.S.
Navy SEALS just took out Osama Bin Laden, orchestrator of the 9/11 attacks.
Its an interesting historical moment.
Thoughts?
Did some much needed MySQL tuning and cleanup on my local dev server.
So much faster.
My goal is to get more followers than , hey you...
follow me
We ready!
Let's do this!
RT : TONIGHT: Part 2 of the Miami weekend at The Stage Miami.
Locos Por Juana opens at 10pm!!
Don't hold a candle to being on guard everyday thinking our villages are going to be attacked and our families slaughtered in an instant.
SNOW FRZRAIN THEN RAIN JOY JOY JOY OFF TO THE GYM
wide awake
you forgot about lol
Two more goals and the Pens will have more goals than the Pirates had hits today.
Almost ready for Coverings but I still need to wrap up a few things B4 leaving for Orlando.
OdysseyCollection, CHECK!
Grass skirt uh..
I love meeting new people on the plane.
I have a new friend from Ghana that lives in Korea Town now:
Messaging advisory to Ron Paul supporters: Fed audits are hereafter to be referred to as Mammongrams.
Whelp been there, done that and bought the tshirt.
Goodbye, Dick Clark.
You at American Bandstand Grill telling me my Electric Lemonade looked heinous is one of my favorite things ever.
Officially visiting Harvard in june
We dig meat sweats means you have indulged a bit!
What's the Yankees payroll again?
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: LaShawn Harrison Rising 9th Southampton, Pa Travel Team: Southampton Shooting Guard 511
Actor's Intensive Workshops Begin in October!
5 Week Technique Class: LA Oct.
12  Nov.
9 Audition/Cold Reading Workshop: SF Oct.
16  17
Awesome!
Can you suggest we be friends so I can watch?
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while were here, we might as well dance
yes we do.
Are you wanting to write something up?
Really rooting for meryl streep here
wicked delayed....but yes very true lol
Following live twitter updates from the Gardner hearing.
Very emotional
itchynewtattoophase
Thank you!
Starting her early, she did use the lip brush to apply;
RT whats up, relaunching holla at me trying to get you in there
it was great meeting you Friday.
Good luck with training.
Next time I see a set list, I'll peel it off of the stage for you.
Last weekend I hooked up with a really cute guy and he keeps calling.
Shoud I answer????
when I saw u on abdc I screamed and.
Had to rewind it LOL:D
I've got some old bapestas if you still need prom shoes
Yes, as a matter of fact it is.
Doing regular exercise or learn to manage stress would be enough to reduce 1 million cases of Alzheimer's in five years.
/ doctorGary Small
sociology.
Last required courdr
I hate fucking copiers....
On the bright side wiff munchkin Anna!!:
MSC2011 lines are too long snacks and soda
On the way to the airport, ready to be back in PDX.
I will try to bring some weather with me.
I really need to stop tweeting with so many exclamation points.
Finishing up Fall Orientation.
These students have officially begun writing the first chapter of their Oakbridge Storybooks..
Ended up Gettin 6th with that last entry in the monster 1k for 81.
Biggest MTT score to date but you know how it is coming so close
Life can't be all bad when for 10 dollars you can buy all the Beethoven sonatas and listen to them for 10 years.
William F.
Buckley, Jr.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
Lao Tzu
I hope you have the time of your life.
People can be so immature
when you and were in the shower ;
When one door closes, another door opens
What is Chris Rock thinking with What to Expect When you are Expecting Movie?
Just saw a brilliant Romanian movie: If I Want to Whistle, I Whistle.
Check it out!
As of 8 am today no new arrests and no injuries at protests: Elise Schaffer, Dane County Sheriff's Office, at command center.
Another weird thing about St.
Louis  I have no idea how this hotel/mall that Nicar12 is in, functions.
Restaurants and shops seem desolate
Thanks for following Credible Consulting  !
Can't wait to hear what delicious things you tweet at me!
we are usually stocked at Artale wines and spirits and the woodmans
Never before precedent murder, opens up the door for mass murder w/ no protection under the Geneva Convention; you violate it, you lose it!
Players that have their heads down or towels over their heads deserve too loose....you where beaten before the tip off
Oh!!
started following me.
Haven't had the pleasure yet, but looking forward to the 1st experience!
Agh cant wait till summer!
THE RAID: PIG IN THE CITY
Encore's Follow Fridays!
is making a web site
Just walked into the arena for tonights Bucks/Jazz game.
Brandon Jennings is right in front of me, they're laying down the floor, let's go!
: The dance world is taking over.
Heading to Chicago in the morning.
Looking forward to thatcampaha and
Windex the paw prints off the window?
Say what?
shout out
: In school Teacher: Must be 510 sentences.
Me: Yeah, I'm only writing five then..
Nice piece on Patti Smith on the morning show altho i question the word 'controversial' to describe Mapplethorpe.
Why?
lmao how do yiu know I cant cook?!
: I can use google!
thats close enough.
So wyd ?!
it's ok graduation day I'll find out ;
I mean it was nearly impossible to wrap up such a great series.
That being said, I was ok with it.
Weather is looking great for the next few days!!
Come on out!!
Someone has road rage!
crazydoctorvers
A major energy zapper is an inability to recognize personal limits.
Learn to Say NO.
aw next time, yeah?
romney wins, country continues to slide, radical lefty wins 2016.
Texas leads secession in 2018.
Not sayin, just sayin..
Kissing don't last: cookery do.
George Meredith
Ahahahahhahahahahahahanahhahaha YEAH.
BUDDY
thank u!
I'm feeling much better :
Not on site so can't verify if is in the house  but thought that was a good guess!
Hope you get tickets!
Ha, I'm not sure, mais he's an infinitely more stylish doctorsser;
When has he NOT looked the doofus?
As someone who works hard on his doofus look, I'm offended by your 'tude ;
HELLO ALL GOOD FLOWER
Q: When does a cub become a boy scout?
A: When he eats his first Brownie.
Both of us B.o.B ft Taylor Swift...
On repeat
: Much love to follow now
If they don't chase you when you walk away, keep walking.
I think it would be more fun if we went for Dominican food.
Especially if the Indians win the Central.
done took too many loses not to win
You  monkey ....
Monkey lolol
what's it doing to you?
of course lol and good!
Im.beginning to understand things!
.
students  sufficiently etiquetted!
Great chat w minimal inappropriateness on my part, I call that a win.
I have been only watching for the last half n hr, come on caps
It's hot...oh wait...that's just me 
hey doll!!!
follow back
wonderful to have you be there tonight, thank you!
With .2 of polls coming in, the liberal news media already declaring Gingrich South Carolina primary winner.
i wanna go what yall goin there for
Lets Speak With Reference To Liquiboost Total Body Cleanse...
Try using a netipot   I'm quite certain that whitening your teeth is the sloppiest activity on the planet.
I hear Khloe and Lamar were spotted leaving my doctors office this morning.
Wonder if I will run into them in the lobby sometime!
one red bull, two coffees, im still working on the movie
My peace and signs of hope comes in nature
I just deleted them, no biggie.
LOL I'm good.
Yeah buddy xD
awee!
do it to me!
The comments are just goin on and on in my RWClist on yahoo.
Most talked about book in the time I've been a member.
Come on Duke now would be a great time to step it up
Day 2 of the Making Ohio Schools Work conference.
Hanging out with Scott  Jenny of Two Bar.
GM Working....
let me know a couple weeks ahead of time, I got you
JD with another great one: We call him 'amazing', but opposing pitchers will call him 'annoying'.
I will check your blog for sure...
Thanks.
Just mowed my lawn...all tired and ready for bed now
Lord show me the way, and if you can't show me the way forgive me for being lost.
you're welcome :
Excited to work with you.
So tired and so sore.
Our agency is enjoying the Disney Earmarked Conference today!
Tonight we are headed to Universal for a VIP tour and dinner!
For more information or to place an order just contact me
prove it..
Thanks for the RTs
Welcome Obama2012s newest Twitter family member, campaign manager Jim
Flying spider?!
What?!
thanks for the mention
.
What else happened on Django besides some cast shuffling?
Seek deep philosophical meaning in all you do, but don't be dorky about it.
At wrk doing things that should of been done!
Ugh lazy people make me sick!
u only sent one right?
If so i def got it.
let's start this weekend full of events
Tire talk...Monday's 10:30 Public Service meeting will discuss the rise of tire dumping and methods to combat this nuisance.
2015 can't come soon enough
You have met her right?
Her food is really incredible.
I am back in town, how have you been?
We booking up fast.
Get here now!
Instead on one album every couple of years and a few singles, its three albums a year.
When did this arms race thing get underway?
You know, a day that starts with me sprinting down a busy city street in my pajamas really has nowhere to go but up.
needs a new outlet....
ouch did that jus happen
What did you do to my Tigers last night?!
I guess the shoulder is fine.
A pain only mac n cheese can help
This sick, strange darkness comes creeping on so haunting every time.
Thanks for posting my tweet, I appreciate!
Police bear some responsibility for this accident since they started the chase.
Girls would've been caught eventually anyway.
isn't it a proven fact that in general, the more sleek the router, the higher speeds it can achieve?
;
i bite my thumb at thou traffic!
Ive given up on Weeks man.
I cant watch him anymore without thinking strikeout first.
coamerica park Detroit
Happy 100th birthday, Tiger Stadium.
Miss you, old girl.
Enter the Super Shopper Stamp Card doctorwing on Sunday and you could win 500 in prizes!
are you a fan of oysters?
Hey, its Cavs vs Nets ...
we'll just be happy if Humphries doesn't go for 28/15...
I have the most amazing friends a person could ask for :
I've had We Are Young stuck in my head for two weeks now.
Only the chorus, because you get to shout it.
Lolololol , This Bitch Put The Conversation With Me  Oomf  On Facebook .
.
Um , Really Bitch .
Really ?
Back on the virtual felt playing the VIP 5k Freeroll...2k starting stack...1k for first...here we gogogogo!
sex is the most fun you can have without smiling...so grin when you bare it  itstheonlyway!
Go ahed bitch u just making me more poupler!!
one or two more, The shows again are AMAZING, and ,yes, Your BEST EVER .
Thank you again and good
Always smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 9
Don't lie?
He exonerated himself by lying  sticking to an obviously false story.
How can you tell him not to lie when it worked?
RUSH Now Follow and get followed same time
you know those times when you sit back  youre just in love with the moment  everything about it...?
ya, I'm there right now.
yep.
Almost took a job with them, then went dotcom startup instead
Blah blap jus wanted to tweet
We'll be closed for the holiday weekend Thurs, 11/24  Sat, 11/26.
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Happy Birthday partner!
.
Does this make sense?
I'm so shitty at bowling.
good call.
But that's what Macy's is for...
you too!
Thank you 333 RT : happy mothers day , enjoy your day .
God Bless
2 on after a throwing error.
Even the stars refuse to shine!
OHSFoodTruck I've formed a food truck coalition so I can try it all.
Just split a Comfest Goddess from !
I'm nott sure...I love Cam, but 7 34 88 were retired for guys that gave 4 years of service to AU  and got degrees
woah!!
Aren't you supposed to be in town?
Like last weekend?
Squirrel outside my window sees me eating food.
Wants it.
Trying to get it.
Just threw himself at the window.
Splat.
Fall.
Fail.
Aw!
lol!
Hi, I'm a Mahomie and I have no social life, bad grades and a terrible sleeping pattern, thanks to Austin Mahone.
But I regret nothing.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Stay Safe out there.
I really don't thing Kentucky season hinges on getting Noel or shabbaz I think Kentucky has a great group coming in will getmore
yummy!!
Glad you're feeling better babe!
Chillin in New York!
I told that person they needed anger management.
Jeez, some people are just so mean.
People handing out fliers in Dupont for equality march.
I'm putting on brave face but it is pretty disorganized says a volunteer.
People act like they are forced to watch the Spurs  Suns game.
Since its so boring, change the channel.
Easy as 1..2..3..
No kidding...
next time we'll just let your stalker...
vacuum.
The past couple days have made me realize that I hate two things more than anything in the world...
poison ivy, and shots
Excited to attend Ripples of Hope this evening!
In a relationship, the power always goes to the one who cares less..
Don't forget to bring a donation to the Hope House to CovertTU tomorrow!
coming to Chicago June 24th?
Okay!
Happy Friday!
I will be glad when this week is over.
Too hectic.
I have the worst luck.
Gov.
Perry's speech today was good, the mention of God, forgiveness was the mark of a godly man.
But laminating is bad!
As much as I'd like to attend the reading for Erin Morgenstern's The Night Circus  having worked for the circus, I'm kind of over it.
s/o to and for affording cats an opportunity.
a lot of the time, that's all an unsigned artist needs...an opportunity.
Terible inning on the bases for the Pirates in the 4th
We need to find a way to bringUSon one accord,no matter our mental and emotional differences
hey ape how do you know god is a man
You wonder why they bothered.
is AHMAZEING.
see her in concert...
I'm a HUGE fan now.
So talented!
hahaha, right on
Why can't it just be nice sunny weather for the rest of the year?
Fuck this bipolar weather shit.
Next time you hear Mitt Romney speaking, close your eyes and picture Will Ferrell doing his Harry Carey impression.
you got that smile that only heaven can make I pray to everyday that you keep that smile  33333333
waiting for my big booty boyfriend to come see me :
Hotsheet Live: Voters frustrated with lack of transparency
smca sorry to be missing the gig tonight.
Best wishes on winning a Tequila Fest ticket door prize :
Most people will always follow the path of least resistance.
Therefore, Easter chocolate set out in the room will be eaten.
I can almost see what else you're reading LOL.
My kindle has all my teen daughters books on it so i look like a twit.
all this mess has highlighted is the franchise vs club model of football...will be interesting to see what happens
That's SO cool!!
haha I might just spam your twitter with all this sick merch I find :D I sure don't mind it x
on my way!
Horacio Ramirez is a bad penny.
The dust is Afghnistan is smaller than the other dust in the world.
Doctors are finding dust deep in returning soldiers lungs
I love that this is happening.
Home from walk in the woods with Karen, Heidi and Star.
Nice way to unwind after a very hard week!
No deer this time.
lol it turned out packed lol i completely just got back
you keep us laughing!
join us on Friday for TweetSeats live theatre sm  special comp tix to IdiotLA!
DM us asap.
Out with the Sqaud tonight, time to clear my head and have some fun finally !
def the hottest cunt on the f'n block
It is certainly the case, his music keep calm many people
wonderful hope you had a good time
In Minneapolis for aam2012: panel on creating Communities of Conversation around Exhibitions.
In my case, RACE: Are We So Different?
imwithyou : 2 years from now the browns will be in the playoffs.
file that away.
i believe it.
i have to.
I'm from cleveland
Got my tickets to the cav's game,now I need to find a cleveland hotel
New Chicago White Sox closer Chris Sale to undergo mister on sore left elbow  Winnipeg Free Press
Parra, you sexy mother fucker
He said it!
A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Kurt Cobain
someone give me something to do until two oclock!!!
You should!
Where do you want to go?
Great day overall  hpmkt.
Found many new vendors, product for clients and avoided the rain.
One disappointment did not ruin the day!
Q1 Even in the wealthiest of communities, there are patrons w/out comp access.
Hata words  he USE toohe DIDhe WAS
I wrote a Woman's Prayer  Dear Lord, please keep Rick Santorum out of my pants.
Hamels suspended 5 games and an undisclosed fine for last night.
So college softball comes on while my mom is channel surfing, she looks at me, then changes the channel.
UM I WANTED TO WATCH THAT!!
I hope Martin is a good gambler
OWS, global social uprisings, economy in meltdown, climate stress...times are a changin'  will they give rise to the Age of Consciousness?
Religion is started by individuals.
Philosophy is not dependent on religions.
Religion has no meaning without philosophy.
cool!
can i come?
lol
The Brewers should sponsor a submarine or NASA rocket or something.
Damn, really need to start wearing glasses to paint these tiny little details, how did this happen I was always 20/20!
glad you made it safe that's doctorve is too real

imagine Selena: 2009: He is like my younger brother.
2010: We're just friends.
2011: We're dating.
2012: I'm pregnant.
lmao xD
One can only hope.
RT : Is it bringing all the boys to the yard?
Rain is on the way.
Scattered shower activity can be expected within the next few hours.
Strong storms possible tonight through Wed.
6 police cars just passed me.
:/
Okay peeps im out  chat ltr 
So in essence, Olbermann abused his power.
Thank you for clearing that up,
So I'm directing Craig Wright's The Pavillion, with three topnotch actors, and we'll be doing it in living rooms around Chicago.
Ok.
Who is going to win the first game?
Ravens or Patriots?
People are like elevators, they either take you up or they take you down.

Just got the Mac  Cheese Bites  The office went nuts and I only got 2!!
They are WONDERFULnext time I will have to get extra!
Someone on Twitter said I'll walk the dog in 5 minutes 19 minutes ago...
My mom is SO irritating in the morning.
Glory Rocket that we just watched launch live has FAILED...Tune in...
I just saw two shooting stars c: Looking for more.
: First dates  awkward.
First kisses  heavenly.
First love  irreplaceable.
First heartbreaks  Unforgettable tweet it girl
No worries.
If you've a link or text that expands on the trend you're seeing, I'd appreciate learning more.
Ben Cherington has so little money for free agent signings; Theo Epstein spent it all last offseason.
It's that time again Millennium Disco 5 vodka cold beer and late nights w/ come get some PasswordMegaMan
It's been a long day, settling nicely into my book.
I think I was watching that day.
I called in and I was nervous and everything and he was like making fun of me, I was like..
Thanks dear!
I hope so too...
I'm in a lot less pain now than I was yesterday!
RT : IGoToCoralParkWhere my teacher leaves first than tha students...
I'm not mad.
I'm hurt.
There's a difference.
I hope those words mean something to you..

Dude!
You're a monster.
No backup?
if you see tell him I said hey good looking ;P
A one point game with 12 seconds to go!!
Come on, LAKERS!!!!!!
right up until i overdo it and start twitching
veggie omelet, flour torillas, coffee and OJ.
got to remember to leave myself a good tip
You're looking at a world that is not there, a personality that is not there.
Its just a projection on the Reality.
Bored.
Done watching these videos.
Thanking God for all things in my life!
Sometimes all u need to say is THANK YOU!!!
No matter how many times you say it, ToonamisBackBitches still has that cool ring to it.
Tried photographing LunarEclipse through binoculars  once got good owl pix that way but no dice thanks et al for great pix
u too much!!
haha
Man I Miss Steven Moonie Manning like a mf!
Always w/a smile, often w a dance!
Thx 4 teaching me 2 live my life w/o inhibitions!
The Mint was the best night of my life.
please don't forget your promise to come to San Antonio :
Action is the real measure of intelligence.
: Here's hoping that your former bandmates decide their lawsuit is wrong.
Blessings to you and your family.
Is it Friday yet?
:/
Journalists recall the Derby celebs who cast a memorable light  Kansas City Star
Thanks for the inclusion into your Daily posting.
it's like 40 degrees here every day
the quick red fox waslked under the tired dog.
So blessed to be able to work for and with my father.
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!!!
Awesome couple!!
BEYOND grateful that was understanding and let me into class a little late.
Sorry never again!

Totally.
Good luck with the move back to LA.
probably i tied her to a table so i could run away from her
It was great meeting you guys last night!
Let's keep in touch!
I totally agree!!!
how can that even be possible, I'm at home tonight.
I kinda feel bad...but I had to be honest :/
Stay N yo Lane...
Stay n yo muthafuckin Lane
Last week was a great one for stocks...it's about time
So u can get doctorvers on ur id...
N do relief RT what's this doctorving class about
The first rule of CSS Hack Club is You don't talk about CSS Hack Club.
Yall will hear some of those rb joints on my upcoming fireyourghostwriter project
well, i like you back!
Some 'say what they mean' ...
Others 'say what they say.'
I swear if one more fking person says something bad about Austin i'm gonna go fking ape st!
:
E!
News: John Travolta's original masseur accuser doctorps sexual assault case against actor
A whole slew of busty new followers.
They must know I've been working out.
Gonna have to get over the fact that my room will be a complete mess for the next month 
good picks.
we think ben is the fav.
rt I hope Ben, Ryan, West r the nxt bach!
liked thm all can't wait 2 c
KansasCity Stand Up!!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
The dentist ruined my day.
Twelve Buck Tuesday!
Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens only 12...add on Unlimited GoKarts  Bumper Boats for 5 more!
I don't know who most of these young guys are but I love them...
Hells fucking yeah!!
Truly love what AvB has done with this alias!
I imagine more epic tune will continue under this name!
learning highway 405 is all the doom  gloom i require.
i prefer the sunshine, but i agree, too conservative.
What a nice Xmas gift: A letter from NoMAA informing me that I was selected to receive a grant from the NoMAA Creative Grant program!
I'm listn 2 a Smiths CD that I rented from the library...
Now, I'm going to download all of their songs in mp3s...
that means I had have to go over her house!
ha!
she already has a faucet that will evennttttually go in.
Love her.
Early voting goes until Oct.
30th.
If you haven't gone yet, please take the time to do so and bring supporters with you!
trying to find that awesome reading spreadsheet ..
it was on a blog called firefly or doctorgonfly ...
can anybody help me out?
WOW!!
Pujols, Wilson and now Chris Paul to the Lakeshow???
Southern Cali is doing Big Things!!!!
Denver increased its bike lanes by 77 miles last year, says Mayor Hancock
Much needed wine time with my buds.
It is 2 degrees right now in Boston, looking forward to some nicer weather in this weekend!
what's for dinner :
: Why am I still 15?
I wanna doctorve already.
ugh
im good!!!
I know its been too long
Will you two Polar Bears be wind surfing in Lake Michigan today?
who got next?
send em our way Bravo
Save the date: Nintendo's E3 presser is Tuesday, June 5th at 9am
HOW DO I KNOW IF I WANNA FOLLOW YOU IF YOU BLOCK PEOPLE WHO ARENT FOLLOWING YOU FROM SEEING YOUR TWEETS?
Here we go again............
that is why there should ALWAYS be a defenseman on the ice.
Ouu I'm so mad!
Today sucks major monkey ball so far...
In my slaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbb.
Wow!
you used my favorite Billie Holiday quote .
.
.
great minds think alike.
Am following back!
Bev
Just realized three major Korean directors have American debuts coming out this next year.
hey pretty lady with the big brown eyes lol tht song is burnin
Very positive shout out at keynote for pcpgh6 !
I love you!c; 3
setting up the Slatebox blog
Gut feeling: That the Habs are going to win the doctorft lottery tonight!
Brought my clothes to work out after work and realized I forgot my pants.
No pants workout?
Very excited to plan a baseball group outing for next month for O's v Natsbring on the boys and the beer!
no complaints from me.
: Congratulations to you!
:
yes!!
It was do amazing  sad u missed it!!
and it was just poor work all around
Ruth is on the carpet with Patrick Dempsey, so not expecting Kristen till she's unoccupied....
Thank you...love  light to you too.
thanks dan.
I will read it tonight.
Thanks!
Radio interview in Anchorage, on the most popular radio show in Alaskathanks, Bob  Mark at KWHL 106.5!
Be sure to come by the booth 1503 for a chance to win a 25 gift card  a new Dell XPS laptop 
My Portal 2 level.
I appreciate the honesty.
it's been off a little all day..hope he does place will go nuts
Getting my braces off and new crown for my missing tooth.
Oh and the '78 broke down today and made me late.
But it's all good.
amen ICONiacz need to calm down!
no one leaving the boys
Poor baby!
I was hoping that you would be feeling better by now.
Try some chicken broth and crackers sweety!
Still waiting to see how FourSquare has paid off for anyone.
I was thinking Robert Smith and Michael Jackson
The crows were so loud outside of the house this morning that they woke me up twice.
Frank Ocean 
Above all, Love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins.
1 Peter 4:8
tis the season for snacking!
enjoy!RT : oh my goodness I am so excited right now!!!
thank you so much!!
Lovin thos doctornk dial moments.
Oh wait know i'm not acktually
If you don't get a DM, I'm so sorry!
There's just so many3 you're all beautiful!
Time to get down to business
thanks for the tickets!
Super excited to taste some too.
I am working today.
I made that, took a shower, got up Kman, and doctorssed him all in an hour.
Thank you to the Rios family!!
You are the first to rent The Double Nate this weekend!!
Not happy with your website?
Want 2 know how it could be improved?
We do offer free consultations to move your brand in the right direction!
lmao I love you to mam, don't doctornk too much.
thanks, I hope to stop by
You know, just waitin for new chapters of sparks fly...
ilove How iM Cryin And Hes There To Cheer Me Up 3 Even tho he threw a pen at my neck 
's dad kind of looks like hitler.
I fix computers.........in Las Vegas.......I run a shop......it's on spring mountain and jones......
6415555....don't fear the reaper
eat out the next month then your first meal in your new home will be more exciting :
REALEST tweet I seen in a minute!
Lmaoooo RT : He so cute...
pulls up avi ok ok if you squint he's kinda cute
Nope!
That's all they get.
I think it works because people are taking photos with their phones already.
Well my shirt is on it's way, yes!
time for a change!!!
some people who cannot make it in the morning are wondering if the A.D.
black history month presentation will take all SRT
great to make your acquaintance.
Am I the only one on my street who dosnt have their christmas lights up yet?
Be impeccable with your word
yeah it does blow.
I have to wake up at 2am everyday for work, that swallows!
My town is pretty much gone  so is a lot of other towns here in Kentucky.
Everyone here could really use your prayers.
Well that's what we're gonna win then.
I'm excited!!!
I MISS YOU SO FREAKING MUCH.
Feel like a little kid the night before going to Disneyland......can't wait for the new season of Game of Thrones to begin tonight!!!
should be anywhere from 1012!
See you then!
follow back NEGIRL
Sat.
at the Cellar Door Records Doulble CD Release Show!
Keith Vance, J Markert, Diamonds  Pearls, Tom Evanchuck!
Please RT!
WHAT IS IT
avengers came put today am so freakin excited!!!!
Missing seeing on my DVR every day.
Can't wait for new shows!
we there tonight
i be there soon.
Lets keep the numbers high
The boyfriend video was different from the previews but okay...
you know im on the ps3 my dude.
ima cop it too.
about to go out wbu?
I have not gotten diablo 3 I feel like less of a nerd now :
SURE IKAW PA !!
Read the book: The Hunger Games
See, told you : It is a scientific fact that if you stay in bed, nothing bad can ever happen.
um why, Austin makes me mad
Bottoms up
I hate when Ppl judge me.and dont kno me
youmightbeaterroristif you think its contradictory for a gov't to deregulate WallSt.
while saying its okay to regulate the internet
More cool winning journos , ,  Congrats!
See u  SPJSD banquet
We're cutting petty cash in your dept
Inhale Love  Exhale Hate  Unknown
Need to win this game
I've got a nice big box of cupcakes!
milwaukee Wooden frames are present in 94 percent of all new homes.
DId u know that!

Everyone Plz Follow ...OR ELSE!!!
Hm...I'm on the home page but can't seem to find resources pg  msg from the Utterly Analog Guy :
Alinder at OAH2012 :Slapping stuff up on the web is NOT access.
Working with local HS, arts orgs, and activists is key.
YES!
Thanks for tweeting that image!
You've won free admission to the opening tonight at 6:00.
Let them know at the door, congrats!
Yo but their dope though .
Hey,do you have some free time 2day :
I haven't taken a shit since like Tuesday..
Wtf
Were you guys serious about the whole '80s thing..?
Cause that sounds awesome!
heading to Citizens Bank Park to deliver the 1st pitch at Phillies game better be over the plate or answer to !
dam how much you want?
The Startup of You by Reid Hoffman is an essential read for transitioning professorssionals.
A client of mine read it and loved it
Frank Spaziani and Gene DeFilippo now have all of the excuses they can ever assemble.
i was promised ihop today.
did i get ihop?
no.
Just did!
: RT : Thanks Gracias Obrigado por el follow please also LIKE us on...
last night it was kush and cirocc
I like the lineup for side stages at summerfest.
Wish I had more money to go.
Broke social worker :
just got so pumped from reading that email summertimesfine
That's a good comparison, although Kerry is much better than Romney.
preettttty stoked for this weekend 3 get to hang with some awesome people.
then, next week the frantic, week after that is gang vocals
Huge truck Crash off the side of the i5 at the north gate exit.
Its snowing in seattle!
did you get my emails
Retainers suck
Joe Francis seems normal
RT : turned out and up!
Everyone quit their fucking bitching.
RT : Michigan QB Denard Robinson scores on a 32 yard scamper.
Already over 100 rushing yds in first half.
I'm be a og in that shit gangbangin on bacon and eggs
Aw, gee, thanks!
the one about horse fossils plugs into bill's pragmatism stuff in a kind of excellent way, I think
It's true.
Works on mobile...
I'm nagging wapo newsIT about this now
Lambda Lambda chapter Car Wash today at 420 E.
Capitol doctorve  Mc Donalds!
103pm...
5 for cars and 7 for trucks!:
good morning ;
Hey, don't have a whole lot to say on that but shoot me an email.
iPhone 4S it's not the iphone5 but still with the A5 CPU7X faster
well im home now, so lets chitchat kiddo
worked on lady loki last night and awesome sauce is brewing 
Just noticed that my sweater has been crusted with snot/spitup/milk all day long.
Le sigh.
A Review of the Best Natural Breast Enhancement Products?
RatchetBait Union Square
Isn't it a relief to know you won't get raped as long as you aren't stupid enough to go to the PlacesWherePeopleGetRaped ?
Bill?
Honeys, I'm not on firstname basis with bands.
Who is Bill from?
for a week they are.
Better see your Conan ass
Brafton SEO CEO how's my LinkedIn professorle look?
If I was you I would look at the staff.
Is anyone over 40 years old?
Who's seeing performance at The Bank of America Pavilion tonight??!!
....discussing Title 9 that requires equivalent treatment among male and female athletes...equality of funding, etc.
Unfortunately I have never seen 2001.
Sad, I know.
Thanks !
RT Today I backed and it feels great!
Check them out!
I miss you too!
I was gonna come back to work but plans changed : 3 u!
Damn ..shes def about tht life...RT Whoa this trick said she likes two fists up her vagina oO wth!
RT : um SB what ever happened to NY signing footage ?
same here .
RT : The biggest misconception about Mitt Romney is that he actually cares about answering the questions.
I love and I despise my ex, but I would never submit her photos.
Does that make me a hypocrite, a hoarder, or a gentleman?
wow.
Her tour bus?
Amy and members of the American Idol Band are scheduled to video 2 of Amy's songs, Love Handles  Do doctorp Inn in March.
its ok its just another day
that book is wonderful I thank u Tyrese for writing this book ..its a great help for all walks of life!!!
Yummy recipes!!
All star game tonight hope its better than that starters nonentertaning disappointing dunk contest worst dunk contest ever
mymompacksmylunch ?
yourmompacksapunch Yes I am middle class as are you.
And yes I called out President Obama.
What.
Eau Claire shoutout
thank you.
ready to learn about reverse innovation
Get more consumers to request it.
RT : How can sommeliers get more Gruner Veltliner onto restaurant lists?
: thankyou!!
RT : Congratulations to both  on winning the Team Player of the Year award!
I still hold a grudge on Sergio Ramos from last time
will be on Friday from 79pm EST signing autographs!!!!!!!!!
Mhmm you tell her!
z RT No bitch, it's ;p RT : Everyone missed foreal!!
those people can stand in the back for the pictures
Loving the tweets and pics!
Thanks
Mat 6:8 Therefore do not be like them, for your Father knows what things you have need of, before you ask Him.
Elbow soreness : hyperextended spincter RT : prediction: Luke to DL announcement after game
Happy Mother's Day all!
Have no fear, Cabrera is here!
What a diving catch!
1200 followers!!!
Yes!!!
I'm just groovin, not farting!!
;
And i would too she is amazing : RT : Someday I'll be pestering y'all to be voting for for ACM New Artist!
I became enlightened.
That's a pain though, if you aren't a monk.
People just think you're really depressed.
To hear Billy Joel tell it, he rarely got a satisfying night of sleep.
said you could provide insight into using iPads 1:1 in math and sciences.
At 1:1 middle school in MD.
Love to chat!
okay good haha ;p
W/ his copious millions, you'd think Romney could've sprung for a publicspeaking course for himself  his family.
don't go down that path.
You'll never live it down
Of course!
I am hoping it involves Postino and copious amounts of bubbly.
Have you been to FnB?
I'm told we're going there Fri.
sendflowers  Designers in at 3am on Monday
I hate this ratchet ass old man!
Agreed, but the idea that it's Wade's team is a joke, regardless.
Yeah.
we usually put our bags over our legs and walk past them sometimes lmao

Even though Pisces appear soft on the outside they are hard as rock inside and manage to keep things together.
hey buddy are you sure your ok from what Chachi did to you
here's that video i was talking about before!!!

where have u been?
Brian Roberts should get a tattoo beard.
If they do I've never seen em!
I want one!
There will be six commentators that will be expressing their feelings towards Singh's artwork  the African Burial Ground
who?
When did u start?
Getting super excited for the Lectora User Conference!
Can't believe it's in just one month.
Only 43 spaces left!
you get a really nice feeling after you do something really interest free.
This some bullshit
When I find it, I don't need it.
When I need it, I can't find it.
yo u here??
Now time for the Fiesta Bowl
GIRLFRIEND?!?
That's it...
You'd better have a good explanation or the wedding is off mister!
Its gone be hot af today
oh lighten up :p
This country music award show is absolutely brutal.
20 minutes of riding and it feels like the ankle's snapped in half.
Noo :
But this migraine...
We're thinking about putting Bride of Pinbot at Slabtown.
What sports will your mom be watching from the sidelines this weekend?
Loves having visitors.
I think we need 7th heaven reunion show stephen
Peyton finalizing a contract with Broncos!!
Oh boy
I unblocked the Shit ..
I wonder did he Even try to call
It's Friday...
Check out  ESTATE  Boston's best dance club!
do you guys know what MCC is?:
DearYoungSelf Regardless of how cool Tpain makes it look, it is never wise to fall in love with a stripper..
7 different instances of Speakerphone in one sound design session...I guess I kinda love that plugin.
Thanks to Certified Auto Services, LLC for supporting our 5th annual Cuts4aCause!!!
thanks!
Thanks.
I looked at yours too.
Interesting.
Watching like listening to Hawk  Steve Stone.
They been around the game a long time, great stories.
Im always learning new things
Haven't used twitter a lot!
:O
Yeah awesome.
15 days in the Fla Keys.
I felt like I was on the European employee vacation plan.
LOL
I guess I missed out on me and kellers famous hey tells last night
There is a reclamation of public space happening above and around me.
All City living should be like this
...and today's doctorve will be roughly from somewhere in UT to somewhere in/near Las Vegas.
kababs yes and quite popular : Let me know when you're ready to go big in Finland :
Please see my answer on to: How can i cash a check that's made out to me and the estate of my spouse?
In Wisc...
You should be HAPPY.
:c
OK!
don't worry too much.
we'll help either way!
:
cammy!
i miss you so much3 need to see you soon!
movies in NYC?
dm me and call me later!
love you so much 3
I haven't failed.
I've found 10,000 ways that won't work  Benjamin Franklin
Getting nervous!
First 1/2 marathon this weekend after injuries that took me out of running last May!
I can do this and not die.......right?
it's Aiiight bout to go hoopin later today
yup!
Just be listening!
Casey is being fascinated by butt implants.
Im nonplused.
Gotta try Tip Top's vegetarian sloppy joe with some sweet potato fries!!
I'm totes gonna check that out when I get home.
Felt the earthquake yesterday.
news said to expect aftershocks in a few days.
Good morning my boating tweeters!
We have a great line up for tonight's event!
Everything from a 250 Select up to a 540 Sundancer!
DOORS and disco: It's a heady combination.
I just cut off my hair.
:o
Getting very close to the doctorft, check out this preview and how kahn will mess this up www.timberwolves.blogspot.com
Damn Taylor...tell em how u really feel
Thanks for the RT!
We loved that graphic.
Got our days started out the right way!
The same one that I pray to before I close my eyes everynight is the samisterone that's responsible for opening them up every morning.
I Aint never seen a politician on my street, so I do for my people, as you should!
AHOY MATEYS.
PREPARE FOR WHIZ KID TERROR ON THE HIGH SEAS.
WE'RE GONNA BOARD YOUR VESSEL, AND THEN PROBABLY TURN IT INTO A FLOATING DISCO.
Proud New Yorker
Why on this night do we take an open book test before uncomfortably eating with people we just met who assumed we are religious?
you'll have to visit next time you're in SoCal, we'll hit the links.
These feelings are meant to stay,
1 on all three observations
Same to you, thanks for the mention.
It was her picture And the second question So Anwser itA
This horrible night has been made easier thanks to my Yankees Tweethearts!!
3
The Frank Rich article is spot on.
Folk inside the beltway and the media not only do not get it, if they do they are trying to destroy it.
Don't make me hop up out this pretty thing and take a twitpic.
Would it be mean to paint some Balut and have them out for an easter egg hunt?
With on BI not being a point release.
Probably just the IT  Functional disconnect...
every year people say rude stuff about the yearbook.
Don't listen to them!
I'm sure it's amazing :
No cllue what 's ustream was about today...
I really love the red hot chili peppers
Leap into fun today  receive 5 cash back!
Their vertical wind tunnel will blow you away.
Happy Leap Day!
I love when Panera gets over run by frat boys...
i hate you shaun lsojmakdalkx
lol its okay girl
RT : A4: Show youre ready by going above and beyond the call of duty
my faavvv part was when he was singing and hugging his wife and crying 3
flower pot head ahh
great now the whole world knows!
Darn well I live in Baltimore.
I wanted to do an interview about your background/journey to the NFL.
Not any controversial stuff
I hope it fucking haunts you forever that you're the reason behind the scars on someone else's body.
5k 6max PLO today.
By far the most enjoyable tournament of the summer so I really want to make it last
Busiest weekend of the year for the NYC hack line.
Stand up for the horses!
Join Coalition for demo Sat, Dec 17, 13 pm...CPSouth Ave!
For Churchill inhouse news, follow Also, is a great Derby follow, too.
I'm in kingsport!
S/o to my new follower I just hit you with a
I really want to meet
People keep comparing to Dave Matthews Band, yet they all say he's not gonna make it after AI.
Hmm...how far has DMB made it?
Hands down, You suck at Photoshop
Chelsea FC use to be good.
Haha.
I hope the next one doesn't cause...
camera problems.
LET'S GO DEFENSE!!!
Lebron obviously didn't get no ass from Chris Bosh cause he not focused
pearl snaps r ok.
Jacked up trucks needs to b submitted to GNG.
Today is my favorite nonholiday  Beware the Ides of March
If you own rental property in/around Baltimore, you're probably overpaying on your property taxes.
Know for sure: www.mdtaxappeals.com
I just saw 2 chicks making out in the train, unfortunately they were both ugly.
I'm still gonna rub one out.
I think an HGTV series on sacred spaces that looks at rooms, walls, gardens that are sacred ard the world wld be fascinating
Home alone...nothing to do.
What do I do?...Watch Call of the Killer Whale Be Jealous!
quotes Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Can you do us a favor and tag us in a status?
We are trying to get more likes:.
Thanks!
Happy National Candied Orange Peel Day.
What do you like to use this garnish for?
Go music pirates!
Really hoping Roxy here gets better soon, she's been an awesome dog to grow up with and a big part of my childhood.
Getting really excited to see Bruce Cockburn tonight at the , Madison, w/special guest Jenny Scheinman!!
Gonna be amazing!
RT : Have to say service and staff was beyond amazing today!!!
If you have not been or come to San Diego, it's a MUST!!!
Daymean Stewart of Thomas More and Paul Miller of Kettle Moraine lead WI Shooters past TP Elite 16U.
Heard an amazing MLK convocation keynote last night from Thanks for the inspiration and the reminder to listen deeply.
I'm guessing that it's because I opened up my emotional channels with the Michael Ryce workshops.
Lets Go Patriots !!!
thank U 4 obeyin God  seein what God put n 4 us  helpin 2 pull it out!
U BOTH R PHENOMENAL  PRICELESS 2 ME!
Still overloaded woof dog over on target.com,
RT : I'm just gonna go ahead and send some more money to the Obama campaign...
And now your, somebody I used to know ...
Success with my water bill!
If you are a previous ebill customer its best to call 6195153516
RT if you will marry me!
;
Beginning this weekend, look for Davalos Tequila inside all Lee's Discount Liquor locations!
same to you!
your one of the few who 'actually' read the event for IceBreakers  Look forward to seeing you there!!
Its all about pitching !!
Grateful to be joining in today's chat.
Giving ourselves the space and room to be imaginative is crucial at any age.
awesome.
We're planning to go to Australia.
That's our doctoram spot!
hate those it may take 10 days before you are removed disclaimers.
It's so they can send ten more emails.
I Wanna Be Like You  Jungle Book :D
you would write a song about tying your shoes...
it's almost as good as the one you wrote about putting mail in the mailbox.
Best poker advice I ever heard/read after making a spewy 3barrel bluff: Your dick made this play, not your brain.
yeah whats up?
Get all your ACE info here
Wtf jay said the same shit I did hahahaa young boy learnin..
AH totally forgot.
tomorrow?
i'll come on your lunch break to grab it.
Today  Ravens/Patriots TakeTheOver  The Pats will get their points  The Ravens will respond w/successful 3headed run game
been good man just same ol, how's everything on your end?
Need someone to tag along?
I wanna go.
Do you like it?
Moes Monday bitches!!!
If you have a business and are interested in promoting your product to 1,000's per day.
Please email
Tut, tut, looks like rain.
Used that quote today.
Lol!
superartfight I want Santa Acid holiday cards.
SILENT RIVER FILM FESTIVAL SUBMISSION DEADLINE APPROACHING.
yeah I am.
never mind.
I guess I'm not as dumb as a I look.
I was ready sales volume not price.
Thanks again.
Good stuff.
It 's Time To Move Your Money Now!
The big banks are in the doghouse again.
Over the last couple of years, there has been constant discus
Conratulations to and her husband on their beautiful brand new baby girl!
She's a cutie!!!
Listen for God, wait on Him  impatience can be our biggest downfall
rest and relaxation!
If you prepare a presentation, that is about 70 of the work  just make it into a publication.
ahahha aww!
: My god i wish :
all veggie sushi!
Producer Steph is on vacation all week.
Lord, help us.
Totally dude!
: A pizza place needs to make pizza just like in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Those slices looked legit.
I don't just make beats.
I know my sht...
Man this shit is real fucking sick..
Starting my job at the TShirt shop tomorrow!
asknathan What do you like better the UK or USA?
x
how u been?
it might as well be spring?
Diagnosis the key to effective treatment
Are there any guides to porting your ConnectedTV applications to Samsung and the BADA framework?
I would forget my glasses in my golfbag that didn't make it to Knoxville :
ABC510, The latest on a body pulled from Lake Ahquabi, Iowa's 1st Christie's Great Estates Tour and Shawn Dancing  the Well!
thewonderofwonder finished reading Wonder.
Loved it.
Recommending to my staff and going to nominate for the 2014 Caudills.
Glad to hear you toured!
How did it go?
Pizza hut break..
Time to bust out the best crew shirt.
I wish I had all the Boy Meets World seasons on DVD.
Though both types of schools may admit yearround the two situations are very different.
O and i need a new nike sweartshirt thats purdue i left my one at the mmovies.
Don't buy the hype, he's really a big ol' sweetheart and a damned fine director.
Good Day to you Sir!
Have a great one.
DANCE REHEARSALS!
That wasn't me.
Different Alice McIntyre.
Love you too
I just had an out of body experience laughing so hard at perry messing that up!
Hilarious!
I am too difficult even for myself at times
Omg I'm German too!
: And I'm Polish!
: but also a little bit of French Dutch an Irish
EverybodY should follow she is a nice Girl...
:
im just not in a good mood today
If you have a surplus of elbow grease, we've got a work day on Saturday from 105 to help get the interior ready!
There may even be snacks!
New post: DeLorme Street Atlas USA 2010 Plus
I need to watch the hulk movies, thor, AND captainin americas.
D: I saw the avengers and asked myself why I haven't seen the others
Trying my best to pacify a doctornkard.
check my tweet!
yo!
Ideas are a dime a dozen.
People who put them into action are priceless.
Pfffff...
Rosa Mexicano has always been a killer for my liver in LA!!!
lol on facebook, some girl told me that i was gonna die, because im too skinny.
bitch your too fat.
Man I love watching Hard Knocks on the NFL Network.
01 Ravens series on there now.
Great to look back and see all the talent they had
Nope, but will def.
Get myself a virtual seat!
Thanks for the heads up!
I like Herron enough, but Ganaway the better pick if you have Greene
When I take my hands off, things happen.
What does that say I should do more often?
Thank you Jesus!!
is that you at ?
i'm shy.
hello!
Thanks for the mention Buy or Wait.
The app makes it easy.
Congrats!
Well done!
lmao I don't mean to neglect my fbook friends I just have a life..I hope you understand pat 3
Need to get some sleep for tomorrow
twitter  google search
please respond have alot of ideas
Crushing a social media for real estate webinar right now!
all i want is u NOW :
I think that an auditorium full of screaming strangers means you nailed your hip hop routines!
Great job!
Single Gourmet is more than a dining out organization for singles.
We also host wine tastings, singles travel, shows, sporting events  more
happy birthday : love you 
Can we agree to ignore what comes after BluRay?
I don't want to have to restart my movie collection...again.
I'm not sending you a pick of me naked, you sick fuck
coming to NYC on Monday the 27th to deliver similar talk at Parsons.
More details soonish
Reporter?
It turned out that I was to be reporter,editor,legman,rewrite man and front man for reader complaints
i just watcheddiary of a wimpy kid:Rodoctorck rules!
Disney's helping out the little guy by automating accounts payable so they're vendors get paid faster
I love Ariana grande!
And her hair:!
in 7th grade computers with ms.timo :o
For you shoppers on the go...
new Publix opening Thursday will have curbside service.
doctoram that ended with me, as a Hollywood starlet in a white peignoir, being devoured by a piece of cake.
Hmm.
time to bathe :.
The goal of marriage when people have explored their true Self is to help each other realize God through divine sexuality.
gotta get doctorssed start my day...
Morales: McDonough told me passage of performance management contract would improve relationships between speaker, gov.
My nephew is asleep in my arms right now.
: this moment is precious and I'll remember this for forever I think :
Let us hold tightly without wavering to the hope we affirm, for God can be trusted to keep His promise.
Romans 10:23
I needa doctornk or two.....
Or floor.
Did anyone else get to see the beautiful pink/red sunrise this morning???
Thanks for your kind words!
It's so gratifying when people see what we're aiming to be: an essential part of the community.
We're participating in a demo with at , stop by booth 2360 to see it!
, , and more!
Can't wait for thanksgiving!!
Just bought tickets for Guitar Wolf in April.
I hope they play for five hours at non stop blistering volume.
Since today's a rainy day, we're going to take about rainwear!
What's your favorite piece to shield from the rain?
SHOUTOUT TO :D YEAH BUDDY!
iLikePeopleWho dont make people feel left out.
when they secretly know they do it...
This girl has a boyfriend at 15 years old were is the parental guidance now a days
1987???
Do you even remember a title?
Haters gon' hate!
Looking 4ward 2 the surveys!
Send me info abt ur sts I'll come up w/ a similar sort of project 4 my sts.
Save Water, doctornk Beer!
Wait a minute...Do NuvaRings expire?!
Casey
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!!!
You know your a redneck when: you don't put the plastic flamingos in your yard as a joke.
I often doublebook myself,  then offer incentives to make people accommodate my schedule
it was soo good!
My only issue was I think Ricky and Max should switch roles.
how much 4 the mixtape host
Area 31 Happy Hour is almost ready for another packed house!
Just put Tyhir in the tub waiting for our food to come.
I need to wash my hair ughh
I'm just relived to know :
Awesome 'Firebird'!
Ian Pascal Tortelier did a beautiful reading of it!
Bravo!
THIS: RT : Happiness is a warm house and a sleeping cat on your lap.
And THE INTERNET.
RT : Sightseeing in Philadelphia?
Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell are open until 8:00 p.m.
I am a little sad I missed it.
I'm sure was great!
The kid with diabetes has a boring a Easter Basket.
Hopefully he gets a bike or something.
Happy Easter, Crew!
Good Morning;
Looks like we're putting out a new cocktail list in the next few weeks.
This week is vegetables, fruits, and water week  ONLY !
Renew, Purge, and Cleanse through prayer and fasting...
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude!
3
The site is finally up and running with a splash page.
Soon girls will be able to launch professorles and everyone else will begin to vote!!!
Make A wish it's 11:11 .
I hope you come true.
StayClassy.
33333
Anyone know any lawyer associations looking for prizes for silent auctions?
Take me out on a date?
man i need to get it...
Going Green: change ur A/C filter every month, check ur attic, if ur attic is cool when A/C is on u may have duct leaks.
Are ur coils clean
Jalepeno burgers, thunder and good friends!
lyt Is it Friday yet?
When buying a camera, look for a linein jack.
You can't use a mic without linein.
this reminds me of some graphic photos at the museum of death in hollywood
2 of the 4 made it to finals, then they made the National team.
Congrats to our bantamweight Olie Burton.
That's my boy!!!!!
Playing w/ tomorrow night at Club Cafe in Pittsburgh.
We're first at 7pm.
Come hang!
Rams are hitting everything!
L.I, NJ, Brooklyn, They are still The same Nets, which means they still don't matter in NY.
Lakers on a roll.
my man Kobe Bryant rolled all over the wack Suns.
LA ALL DAY!!
couldn't disagree more about march madness.
The passion and intensity is 10 notches higher in college bball!!
Did you read; The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo?
Tell me about it.
Mangia Fresca is looking for energetic Smiling faces for Counter help Days nights  Weekends Apply In Person no Phone call Please
If you have the best boyfriend why are you always complaining about him and crying all the time?
Ha, yes.
Communal tabled for sure.
Spent some money, ate some food, got some business cards and went home happy.
Some faculty accuse committee organizing noconfidence vote of bias
People who have read Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse are telling me it needs to be a movie or musical.
I agree!
I love your smile.3
On my way to the Copenhagen Tower's game...
as the team doctor!
Let's hope no one gets hurt.
I sometimes wonder why i even turn world news on, its always bad stuff.
I love nachos!
I will have to catch you when you are near Broadoctorpple or up north :
Are you open?
Some tweeted MKE closed because of high winds!?!
That poor bastard.
Though he slept with Snooki, so he really deserves whatever he gets.
now he's 6th
The only reason i couldnt follow people was cause i followed over 2,000 ppl , .
Unfollwed over 100 people holla ;
salutes Steve Jobs as he steps down from his Apple CEO post.
Steve, thanks for making our lives better since we got our first Apple in '86.
Julio bashmore indeed...u got some tracks u can recommend for me?
RT : sure you don't mean Julio Bashmore?
doctorssing professorssionally for a library outreach today.
Have Nothing suits me like a suit playing over and over again in my head.
Good luck Otto Porter and the Hoyas!!!!
Watched Boondock Saints with friends yesterday, had barbq, awesome Cinco de Mayo 3
just appealing to your strengths.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
yoooooooo that made me cringe OD
Your desk is so neat....
So technically yes on all counts.
How soon is now?
If I Waznt Mike Reed Den Who Would I Be TeamisterdeNReckle
Whip fulls and Arabians tomorrow?
I think so:
like I said, im definitely

Thanks for the mention!
Free reviews amp; download for computer ebook: Pro Visual Studio ...
doctorke Younger and Eddie Kingston vs.
Jimmy Jacobs and Timber in a tag team rematch.
I mind as we go see my friend preach on Friday though.
She gonna say her sister is dancing like thats supposed to captainre me attention lol
I can't wait to hear his defense.
R U ready
NWST: Mariners Fan Fest Tickets up for grabs tonight.
Tune in for Trivia question at 9:30 on plus in depth w/ Olympian Sasha Cohen.
oh goodness!
It must be one of those specialties like caviar.
I just...
Didn't even know it was edible!
Haha
I Love Justin as much as he loves his familybeliebershimselfmusicfoodscauterusherkennyselenafriends...
and that's alot
I am at home, but I was just doing some work.
Sad, isn't it?
And that's good enough for donuts, I'm sure.
5 minute stop at work turned into 2 hours, arrrrggg!
Enjoyed delicious quinoa burrito from truck, Foster  Sheridan, sat outside to eat.
Outside.
January 31.
Chicago.
Talent  Sweetness  Generosity  sexy  Lady Gaga.
I just want to be held...
I just asked God what he has been training me for?
HIS response: ALL THINGS...
I will not limit myself in 2012 Cheers..!
StaceyC.quote!
Cut out all these exclamation points.
An exclamation point is like laughing at your own joke.F.
Scott Fitzgerald
Ml.
Nanotwi had arrogant students pick up others' shoes, while he himself would pick up the shoes of the humble ones.
Read for pleasure
twitter fucked up some relationships with that mentionyourcrush shit.
Totally agree.
They call her love love love love
nobody has been able to get a hold of tony for the past three hours..
Tired.
Goodnight Tweeters!!!!
Have you asked your boss what they need from you?
How they think you add value?
You should!
thought you were gonna respond w/ Vienna
Lmao My Girl Tweeted That A LONG Time Ago.
Cya later Dayton!

Hot technology, Love it!!
I seriously have the sweetest bf ever esp since he's up with me right now cause of course I have morning sickness.
If you sell doctorgs but make less money than a nigga w/ a full time job then maybe you should ask that nigga for an application .
I met Charo at the party.
She kept calling me Patricia.
After the 3rd time I accepted Patricia as my Charo name.
triple clicking goes back a song
we need a group of crazy people now!
: To God Be The Glory....
theIntroduction it's a must that I get this project.
Me either  I still ain't see project x
Happy easter everyone!
:
Aw your sweet, so glad I got to see you!!!
if I was I woulda been NFLdoctorft'in it while eating a stolen tapa from .
Why?
What's up?
We all come to this work with our own story.
Judith Kahn
Btw did ya'll notice the Greenhornes are playing with Eric Burdon.
That's gonna be amazingly awesome
hey Austin!
My birthday was yesterday, so can I get a 'happy late birthday' tweet?
It would mean a lot to me!!:
Stress free feeling  liver cancer
Big week for college football showdowns....grab an adult beverage and make yourself comfortable in front of your HDTV.
Anyone know how long Fanatics tickets are on sale for?
I thought we could buy them at any time...
???
RT : Sandoctor Fluke got engaged.
Rush Limbaugh not invited to the wedding.
Dear Miami, you are completely and utterly ridiculous.
Sincerely, everywhere else in the world.
Don't pay a damn bill...
I know my relatives want their own peace and space but they cant have it cuz he free loading.
I pure zoomed in to her eye and me phone was literally raping her face hahaha x
I hope hurricane Rina takes it easy on my friends in Cancun 
The most healthy reaction to life is pleasure.
First day of shooting for Skin Folk completed!
Updates coming soon!
I totally have the Berlin Mall commercial from my hometown stuck in my head...
Merry Christmas everybody !!
Stay blessed and beautiful ;
just the usual Rachelle!
the usual!
I Love it!!!!
Be sure to have tissues handy I haven't fully cried yet but I have she a few tears.
It is so good!
i Think Moved To Australia And Didnt Tell Us!
ComeBack WeMissYouMaggie 3
So ready to get home to my bed!!
Yes: especially for developers its basically the biggest false economy people make
you got it!

oh absolutely, life is to short to not be :P
National Kiss Day...more like National Mano Day!
Lol
I really want to be fluent in spanish
It was ugly cn him in the hospital
you're preaching to the choir
Not true, I would love it if you sent me Crazy emails ;
A7a.
The same way we operationalize/measure anything in business.
quantify it and track.
No on SOPA mister Senator!
You're so punny!
thts wats up u will get it
Not many things as boring as rendering video.
Ugh
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 13
oh they bout to find out!
Kheri Hilson radio on Pandora making my 8:30 clock in rainy morning at work flow smoother
Your welcome Anytime lol:
Me too!
You have the most beautiful coffee shop in the world!
RT : loved seeing you!!
yea the part where they haven't beaten an FBS opponent since last October.
Site did not launch as expected.
We'll try again in a few months.
11/11/11
WAY TO BEAST IT UP ON THE TRACK TONIGHT!!!: YOU WERE PROBABLY LIKE LIGHTENING;
on top of that she said buy food NOT WEED
i love ur videos so much
Today's Soups: Cheezy Potato Unstuffed Green Pepper
Label contest for Know of any good labels to enter for FREE?
Email them to !
Does anyone know the real ?
lol I just realized that my phone didn't show the other tweet haha
John Mayer went all cowboy on me this new album.
But you know, I'm not mad at all.
I broke up with my sweety.
I feel like an ass.
:' I am just not ready for a relationship.
:' Im not over Nathan.
what's the differences?
Sadly, no.
It uses capsules, but not kcups.
It retails for over 2,000 so can't sell for 25.
Allergies allergies allergies :
ah ya gotta play!
And the show is here on long island in a town called amityville
And what about when Pens fans wear black jerseys?
I studied international politics at When did you graduate?
Are any of my Denver people going to be at the Rockies game tonight
My hand is itching  its actually my trigger finger...
where that paper at?...
The world of Entertainment is the world of business and as such, ignorance is never rewarded here.
That teacher got me messed up if she thinks I'm gonna watch a baby being born.
is at Erie brew by the bay festival.
You fall in yet?
Dare I ask how many yrs?

Everytime i see your face, my heart smiles.
Why did the colts pick another tight end
I notice the blossoming flowers everywhere this spring.
They serve as a reminder that a flower doesn't TRY to blossom, it just does.
In celebration of WHM well be highlighting some of our amazing female principals bringing positive change to their schools.
StayTuned!
Haha!
I've seen this before...had to remind myself to not look up : RT Con of being short: I see unintentional nose hair.
Amazing how quickly corporate culture can change when top management makes it a priority and middle management executes.
I don't know how I organized my lesson plans, notes, and thoughts before Scribner.
Well worth the 40
how do you expect to pay for college and get both of those
no thank you for supporting!
Will iPad app be available publicly?
Hopefully, but want to perfect in gallery first AAM2012 can't wait!!!
hold up you're in portland, mind coming to my house?
had a gf but i didnt know that...
I'm Great Thanks
much love back!
Ever have one of those days when you just know it's fork in the road?
Ravens kick a field goal to make it 103!
thanks for the follow!
When uses twitter 
: wow lucky you !
I wish you the best of luck !
:D Thank you so much!
Wish you could come!
With Azra at Sake House!
We just ordered Baby Ocotopus and Spicy Scallops this should be interesting
I hate not being sleepy
Congrats of on winning the Justice Greek Pillar Award at the Awards Ball!
Students want/expect to contribute to their world by curating products  taking part in their learning development
We finally hit 2000 followers.
Thanks Columbus!!
oh yeah I know wut u talkin bout
I'm tired of all these madeup National Holidays :?
because i'm princess, duh.
yippee!
here we go
Thanks for the twlove
Now that it's all said and done, I can't believe you were the one to build me up and tear me down, like an old abandoned house.
Has signed on to do the artwork panals for the book.
stay tuned for great things, more to follow soon
thanks for following, Kathryn!
Yeah I Fuk Up...
But Just Know I'm A Beauitful Fuk Up:
Six Feet Under was such an amazing show.
I miss it.
B Day, I see your DC Talk and raise you Steven Curtis Chapman and Newsboys.
thanks for the quick response
I once wrote  directed a show that required the entire audience to stand and do the Chicken Dance.
That's how I roll, sunshine.
ICantStand a skinny booty bitch that take pics like she got ass
I demand you do it, craftyperson!
IM GRN W/ NV RT : Got an email from an RN / medical leader who has 6 different credentials after her name, totaling 16 letters.
Thanks, PC!
All vegans  athletes, Follow  check out the site!
Eat kind.Be strong
My mother is a little special.
RIP lil Wayne.
Your greatness stops at The Carter IV
it's cold where I am too!
Gonna stick it out though :
Ugly first half by KU, almost as bad as Louisville's ode to Syracuse jerseys.
I appreciate seeing great Black mothers on tv, even going through a divorce.
Great job!
RT i watch that video j.
Real talk from front to back!
Glad you got something from it.
Follow will do sir.
did not enjoy meeting Newt Gingrich.
Clemson NC State
Ewww!!
Which one?
ITS A NICE DAY N THE CHI
Have u gone to our website yet?
If you play the proverbs game and guess all of them right...you get a free torta.
Check it!
RT : No Need For Friends!
Fuck Friends!
Friends Turn In To Bustas!!
Preach.
RT : Haven't been tweeting much, I guess I'm still in shock of what Beyonce wore to the Met Gala.
Getting truly psyched for Spring Retreat 2012!!
It is shaping up to be amazing!!!
Technology for Blended Learning w/ Betsy Corcoran of includes beta preview of new site, lots of references and resources
Is this thing on?
That is hilarious!
Like the explanation in there for nonparents, too.
Great start to your day!
56: You just followed me: Haha we've never talked before but you're cutee.
:D
Even the long ranger didnt do it aloneHarvey MacKay
Sometimes its good to take at step back and notice their are better places to be.I hope your happy were your at in LIFE iam being Me.
WHAT?
WORLDWIDE BY BIG TIME RUSH?!
PLEASE, OH PLEEEAAASE SEND ME A LINK.
Shaved  the best feeling ever,,, so refreshing :
Wow I'm in a room of 70 Baltimore business leaders who have not read Christensen...
We are still looking for vocalists if anyone is interested!
Fun!!!!
Can't wait; Is it cotton candy?
and thanks for checking out the app!
How did you respond at first?
I would have been hard pressed to keep from saying something right then.
I bought cream cheese too!
I'm almost baking right this second, and I'm excited!
Congrats on the new steelers deal and great meeting you at the offices.
You're why we watch.
Get it?
Lol...
I Need All Of You's To Brace Yourselves For That BadLuckEntertainment  Vibe..
It's Coming .
only one of my legs is burned and its on my thigh so now my legs are wierdly colored xD no more white legs tho lol
just wanted to say I friggin love you!!:D
Gotta Finish Packin so we can be outta here in the Mornin.
REVOSD needs some volunteer graphic design work done to set the stage for our future.
Want to be involved?
Let us know!
Afreakingmen.
: Being a woman is a difficult task, mainly because it involves dealing with men.
just say the word...its about to go downn
Whitney Houston what's Bobby Brown going to do now.....
The starting stack was 30k
I'm surprised she's not making movies anymore.
She is adorable.
Just saw that it's going to be the final season of DesperateHousewives WTF?!?!
I hate saying it, but Cassel sold that fake a bit ago
Goodluck to my hoochie friend jp shes not a hoochie, :D.
atleast she can be liek me and have a knee operated on!
Happy valentine's day to both of you.
I hope you each have had a good day.
Hammie is a born star just like his daddy
I suppose I'll go to bed then.
I forgot my lab packet in my locker so I have 40 questions to do during lunch...
I only have like half an hour.
Wow I'm screwed.
A successful !
Go !
RT : Success is the best woman i can ever ask for
Please follow me; 18
I think it takes a pile of bricks for us to make a home, and Im not sure but I hear mountains grow from just one stone.
This is when the coaching becomes tough.
Best part for people who love strategy
Happy New Year!
:
Why does every guy with a hummer also have a custom plate?
It's like saying not only am I a douchebag, but I also like dicks in my ass
Happy Birthday !!!!!
That sounds delightful, actually.
Thanks!
Add some rum and that could be a thing.
So many people angry at the world...
Chill out!!!
Thanks!
What's Wine Wed.?
RT : Happy WineWednesday !
NTS; remind to ask for a Hawaii crewneck when my cousin visits vancity for the wedding :D
PBS on in background w/ documentary on foundations of Catholicism.
Don't know who this presenter priest is, but he knows jack abt history.
Thanks !
a good listen!
only 15 minutes long about Why you will fail to have a great career
We all agree now, right?
Fist bumps must explode at the end
MUNCHIE EXPRESS IS CLOSED TONIGHT DUE TO EASTER.
lol I do that al the time!
Hahaha :D 3
Former Gov Rendell: SS should be means tested.
I made more  last yr than when mayor,gov, still got 28k in SS.u can't even send it back!
Thanks to the forget!
Practice tonight with the guys!
I love our new studio and the new songs that we are writing!!!
Can't wait to play them for everyone!
When u stop to think about it, the reason soccer coaches say We're taking it one game at a time is because they haven't won 2 in a row.
Hey !
I am interested in SWMilwaukee!
Let me know how I can help AND participate again!
Dean Levit thanks NARF for its willingness to partner on these important human rights issues.
The time is right, the need is there.
not me.
but i am ready to space out :
Winner didn't use RUSHHOUR.
Sites says To enter the giveaway, followers will tweet us their entries with the hash tag RUSHHOUR
I pray that I get this job!
Boy, just hold me
Really a job for outsiders ...
info available in .csv  SQL ...
wouldn't be surprised if someone already has built something ...
So glad that you enjoyed our writing!
Bobby Fresh Family: We really appreciate everyones support in Retweeting all of our Blog posts you all have been a great asset to this line!
Do you know the definition of Small Business?
first person Chris call was Billy Hunter lol
Chemicals used bind tighter to cannabinoid receptors than THC does, allowing the chemicals to fully activate these receptors
been hoopin all over u since grade 6 t james
When I see a Prius W/O it's Coexist  Obama '08 bumper stickers I get worried..
then a little sad..
:16 Graphic Design  Art majors honored at Addys.
Same day as MBB title, weekend of great play in theatre.
I got new shoes for softball......
...
you and glasses today lol :P
double digits PA's
Audi buys Ducati.
As if those bikes weren't already panty doctorppers
I need a CD with Holiday Road on it before I head down to Cali in a few weeks.
I cannot wait to see YOU.
yaaaaaay 
Flying up there to retrieve them if I have a problem with customer service.
Also, if you have my phone number ..
Text me caps/rangers updates..
You have strong religious beliefs, yet you sin every day.
Why not be real to who you are instead of fake to ancient ideals
why do up hate gay people so much?
but like I am like like totally mature!!!
:;:P 69
I curled up inside myself and hid from the pain.
your mom!
Jk...my girl lol.
What's up tho man?
You back home yet?
I miss you too.
How was Pansy Brunch/Circle Degree ?
Coffee time
Its OFFICIAL i Yung Kush am NOT ATTENDING The FUNCTION  THe GAURD to Perform BONITA Its Like Im Not Even On THE SONG
Let me get this straight: Rita Ora has a song about having fun with your friends, regardless of the season?
She is a visionary.
Bob's Big Boy : I'm so hungry!
its ok :/ he was flirting with other girls nd he said I wasnt the rite one for hem but oh well I still have adolfo ;D
I should be asleep, but this stupid bio project is keeping me awake.
..
'The Rock' is by far his best if you ask me.
Plus Sean Connery, Ed Harris...
Great cast.
Strong week for the Mavs.
Cranking out hard fought W's even in an injury riddled year.
Despite the fact that it's an utter cheesefest, I'm kind of addicted to Ringer.
The intrigue!
The plot twists!
The shoes!
I always work Mon Fri and report in the 11pm newscast.
I had to stay late tonight to get fans reax to Caps game.
I'm tired.
Mark Bartolomeo, Verizon, nicely summarizes what LEFEP calls the Janus paradox: innovation vs.
security; integration vs.
agility
yea I mean she was prob like shoot my chapters not as great as GK so just jealou
The one who pursues revenge should dig two graves.
Chinese Proverb
the kids tell their story and experience the best!
They have so much insight and they will push for a better society
ASTATE FANS: Did you know: The grass hills inside the stadium will be open for the fans to sit for the first time in school history
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Would you like to come back to my place?
My mom won't mind........
Check out WWW.therisinghollywood.com for our discount code...
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1862, the Norfolk newspaper DayBook expressed concern over the increased doctornking habits of CSA officers...
of course it's big talkyou guys didn't even get a SINGLE run!
so it's because he's not cleared, thats the only reason..??
Google: Nonbranded keywords are more important than branded.
That last twitcast was Tom Morello et al at The Woody Guthrie Centennial Concert bringing down the house at Club Nokia.
Awesome stuff!
huh, I don't quite get it, but I'm listening!
We should talk more, oh wise creative idea guy;
I only cheer this girl on because her name is Carol.
Lol favoritism
Big doctornkers need big knives.
vouchers should be one of the options.
Takes a strong mayor to bring people together.
GROWL pay walls GRR no access even through UIUC libraries BOO the 3/5 publishers of 30 yr old articles on Rancho La Brea
That, sir, is why you make the big bucks.
A day at HQ for our 10,000th follower!
My Eyes have been rolled lol RT When I hear that special tune go off on my iPhone, and I know it's him.
My job here in Afghanistan reminds me of a job I had 13 years ago.
I still enjoy it, but I wouldn't be the person I am if I hadn't left it.
1st day of a new semester is much different when all your classes are online.
What courses are other libraryschool people taking this fall?
Distil is the perfect place to warm up, enjoy delicious food and experience unbelievable cocktails!
Plus tonight we have Live Music!
White frames With Black Ears.
Hey alejandoctorstop callin stop callin, I don't wanna think anymore bc u can't read my poker face!!
LADY GAGA TONIGHT!!!!
Be jealous!!
Well I finally have made my decision for American Idol....SHANNON MAGRANE!!
There will be friendships lost this week.
Haha.
This is going to be the longest week ever.
Cats/Cards
I haven't powered up my desktop since college.
I just might take a peek this week, thanks to you.
Kinda scary!
nothing visible, no flames or smoke plume, no way to direct them to a place, just smells
Brooksie will always refer to Brooks Robinson
Watching Meet the Press  this GOP hype makes me sick.
Bye, bye, NBC Meetthepress I hate yellow journalism, Change your name to FauxNews!
This week at Disco Volante Oakland our special guest will be LaTiDo featuring Edgardo Cambon from Uruguay
Awesome childoctorn's librarians at Central.
Spent the day asking loads of questions.
Really should have gone to bed early last night.
u r cruel.
ouch sorry i fell asleep on u!
LA UP.
Good morning starshine the earth says hello.
Just seen a man on a horse going down cermak.
I like to picture jesus in a tuxedo tshirt, because it's formal, but it says 'i'm here to party.'
Low Carbon Economy  Economic Growth, Break the Cycle,banks deleveraging by 2.6tn ...
hello all my twitter follow me!
Well watching hockey can be very busy Sometimes especially when one team u like plays at 7est/5mst and the other plays at 7 or sometimes 8
Representing at the Metro Atlanta Chamber event.
A great place for business leaders to network!
what you need to do is write a song about a guy who always ends up in the friend zone with a woman.
Call it just friends
Dear heart, why you gotta break?
He's just a boy.
Music, the greatest good that mortals know, and all of heaven we have below.
I love cookies.
Woah!
Who is it?
Welcome to all the new realtors who have recently joined our fan page!
writing up an agreement but thanks for the warning.
I'm not a fly by your seat kind of person so I will be fine.
Thanks.
Had a lot if fun with you all this morning.
Tomorrow I'll bring more doctorke tickets with to the show if you promise to listen.
u dont have a work boo?
The Bravo 'hold your tongue' commercial is spot on!
Looking forward to your new talking show!
your tje kid kid 
Journalists are going to town on headlines today via ESPN World Peace is Suspended for 7 oh no!
hahahaha nah I talk to you on twitter everyday I don't look at you like a complete stranger.
I was just really busy.
I wish you were there, too!!
But will definitely send hugs and raise a mug to you!!
: xoxo
Bob Uecker is one of the reasons I'll always be happy listening to baseball on the radio.
His donut rant just made my afternoon.
bieberdeservesrespect he does everything he can to help others!
Ugh, fine.
I'll watch the Hunger games on opening day in a Turrell designed private home screening room.
If I have to...
Monday night is Service industry Night 9pmclose 30 off EVERYTHING for service industry workers
Violence is the way stupid people try to level the playing field.
come visit Providence, where all things mafia are in our roots
ImThatPersonWho Says what i feel.
I'd recommend trying out the vivobarefoot shoe line.
I use to like vibrams, but now i'm a hardcore vivobarefoot dude
per month!
The biggest lie I tell myself is I dont need to write that down, Ill remember it!
Anyone else?
congrats!!
We know first hand what a great volunteer you are!
oh I wasn't complaining about the call.
you call what you have to call.
complaining about Pouliot taking dumb risks.
Teaching on 'The Heart of Worship'  'Worship 101' today here in beautiful Rio Grande, Ohio!
The U.S.
wins Group C.
And the longest match in Wimbledon history still has no winner!
Now, I can finally get back to writing.
Tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite Top 9 Moments!!
Go to www.top9moments.com to cast your vote today!
Do you follow ?
That's the Friends of the Soldiers Home, a new community group dedicated to the Armed Forces Retirement Home
right back to you
lol it was about wardoctorbe and I am...
So shot right now.
This doctorve hung over is shit lookin forward to the dboy after these appts.
is there a white report or document that talk about this.
you could write a commentary about subject that could be in S4PM www
I am impressed with the amount of media coverage Americans Elect is getting....being a total failure is good publicity!
Peace and love everyone, thank God for another day
I'm sort of in the same situation weighing my happiness versus more money.
For me, I would rather be happy.
Enjoy eFacialMasks.com's special promotion: Complimentary GROUND shipping on all orders 149.99  more for orders within the 48 US states.
: I shoot Nikon!
i went to buy some panda expree it soo yummy :
Glad Whitney is back.
Bring on the flow!!!
Yeah, I think shit's gonna start going down about 3:30 or so.
The helicopters are loud.
Homeland Security has lots of SUVs
The Class of 2012 an incredible group of people with huge hearts.
You're all going to be dearly missed.
Best of luck in changing the world
BossLadyBoost: man's own good breeding is the best security against other people's ill manners.
Lord Chesterfield
you go girl!!!
Entenmann's chocolate doughnut dunked in ice cold milk ...
Today is the vernal equinox.
Do something celebratory.
US media would be all over it.But since he is innocent, US ignores.When will u talk about this?
Well Louisville will be destroying UK in football, but next years basketball game is going to be
Damn, is on my Netflix.
Kids watching old Shark Weeks and there's Matt jabbering at me in HD.
You're invited to the Steeltown FILM FACTORY'S panel discussion from industry professorssionals and the staged readings of our 10 finalists!
our first OpOliver 5k was a success thanks to YOU.
We love you and will keep running with TeamMCVET!
So incredibly grateful
So tired...but still want to doctornk my wine and finish watching Water for Elephants.
thanks.
Love :
An incredible performance tonight by the Texas keeper.
The Horns came so, so close.
In the game all the way thanks to Gaul's saves.
Watching The High to Low Project with Great idea!
This show is exactly what I try to do with all my Redesign clients.
Love it!
Sunday I'll b apart of CENATION n always will b.
we gt yo back, ima b like Fuck Sunday ima tweet it right b4 yaw match.
when are they airing GUTS and The Legend of the Hidden Temple?
Two FAVORITE shows.
it would depend.
Were they local?
; 
Classroom time is spent dealing with the problems students are having.
Homework happens in class.
they could change their name to thievingvulture
Hey BFF , how was your program today.
Sorry I couldn't make it !!!!!!
girl power!
Blake is too damn hot tonight.
oh hey sry I didn't see this until now haha.
I'll make sure to tell him :
Grandma called.
Birthday: complete
Looking to move so I am applying to 2 jobs a day.
Fingers crossed and resume updated!
I want a baby wolf...
: I lied tomorrow is not birthday but bday whoop whoop yes ma'am!!
I can't wait to see my nephews tomorrow, totally keeping me going right!
Looking for talkback panel participants for Bully on 5/5Caroline Tucker from News8 will be moderatingsend your ideas!
Thanks!
Hello, I'm Bella, How are you?
Volunteered for StMary's food bank for RJReynolds United Ways of Giving feels good to
GOOD LUCK CCLAX!!
and the rest of the
Houston, TX and Lafayette, LA stand up!!!
We everywhere, u never there!!!
very disappointed to learn united suspending flights from
I want to go outside but I don't want to interact with my neighbor.
The Award for Innovative Leadership goes to Jane Lang and Paul Sprenger!
Falling in love and getting hit by a train is kinda the same.
Lol.....without saying much....I agree with you lol
Hey , have you decided your TV sked for today/this week?
Have you decided to share with us yet?
:
ThingsIDislike when my gum falls out of my mouth because in laughing too hard
What's in an Innovator's DNA?
Questioning, Networking, Observing, Experimenting.
Need a Massage  a Good Sleep doctorin.d 4 the weekend
OMG dinner was ahmazeing!!
Need creative fundoctoriser / earning commissions ?
See change change in District 7!
www.votehenrybrim.com
Love my senior girls so much.
Last night was so much fun!!!!
dontleave 
: RT if you always skip the first piece of bread.
Really wishing would text me back :
Buy an Egg Sandwich and enjoy a free 12oz Latte!
Offer valid all day, every day until 10/31.
The Oscars Outdoors summer series looks neato.
If the MTA gets that Orange Line extension up and running by then, I will definitely go!
The car adapter is a good idea!
We have a little portable dvd player that helps on the trips we haved taken so far.
Best nightt eva!
I 3 the so much!3 I touched his pants  his hands  he sprayed champange all over the crowd3.
so this must be that butterflies feeling people talk about.
When you walk with a friend or a dog on a saturday night it's fun...if you are alone you are doctornk and/or sans car.
That said, I do like Kuric.
Not better than Wiltjer, but he's good for Lville.
Last night not withstanding.
OMFG I was already in a pissy mood, and now it seems that Connexion lost all my settings and macros.
Grrrr
Interesting how the biggest issue in a presidential election year is the creation of things that are so ambiguous.
baseball games on consecutive nights for a football reporter?
How does Great American Ballpark compare to Coors?
Twitter is the best invention in life..
I can bitch about stupid people and they will NEVER KNOW
These extra events are hard to promote, add little value and take away focus from real revenue opportunities.
hehe Carson : its okay
It smells like a barbecue outside.
I want to go!!!
Pacifica Quartet, Wigmore Hall, review: There's a strange, haunted quality about Shostakovich's music writes Iva..
I didn't know you were lady dating other people!
I don't know how to feel.
Hot date with my bed.
So pumped for tomorrow.
gonnabethebest with my Chelsea
Five year plan: be brave, be flexible, have a plan...
Lmao...I cannot  yes my name is Carla.
Wait what's yours?
Oh  hi Alli :
Lakeville North and Grand RapidsGreenway earned Class 2A state tournament bids Thursday night.

i would love to see some of the photos of BmoreFail you mentioned you had taken!
Have you posted them anywhere already?
The sound of this kid's voice makes my ovaries burst 3
The baddest is the future.
is working on a new website for Phone readings across America!!!
So many ways to interpret this and they all make me laugh.
RT : If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor
There's been a Gronkowski sighting!
Favorite song from casehistories: Mary Gauthier's Mercy.
The donations for our RollsofLove doctorve for keep rolling in!
Thanks to all of you who are donating!!
Cant wait for the new season ofBBW ....
doctorma doctorma doctorma
Hell ya man, sick trick.
Easy dish
Bridal shoot today!
On way to San Jose, advisory board meeting at SJ Museum of Art.
A 'hidden collections' grant project.
SJSU interns will get some paid work!
We opened up the app for the UK!
Would love to get some early adopters across the pond.
;
: Youre welcome!
Enjoy the rest of your week!
why the break?
you guys did a great job, i know how much work goes into this stuff!
we'll miss you!
If Your FRIEND Know U Like somebody , why would she flirt with him?
Hmm
Blessings to you and your bride!
Keep Following my New BackUp
Per Congressional Budget Office report: From 19792007 the Top 1 Income Growth 264 , 6 times the growth rate of 40 for the 99.
Been there, done that.
They racist as hell on Xbox Live..
I Wonder Who Came Up With All These Weed Names....
im polo down head to toe but what does dis shit matter towards the world Craig top flight security of the world Craig the world
Someone should invent heated car tires so when the roads are slippery the traffic on them will melt them  
Ok, thanks for telling me, Just followed back.
Daughter one is coming home tomorrow.
Happy, happy happy!
Doing great!
Hope you're well.
ask and you shall receive ; WeAreHomo!!
Lol
yeh we can!
And I bet there was, need to get me some;p  definitely lol
Preparing to watch new movie RedState Time Warner HDVOD and I get it for 48 hours...
Guess I know what I am doing tomorrow.
My Lord is Amazing 
Even though its Mother's Day i really don't feel like dealing with my family.
SMILErs  Safe travels  we'll C U  the Host Chief's reception.
Tuesday at 6 p.m.
at XYZ.
Thank you SMILEcon Aloft Hotel
lol he feel the same way I do
ok but how cuz I'm new at this
Thanks Cassie, after being the Mad Hatter at HootAWeen I wasn't sure what to do.
haha
Sounds like a very pleasant day!
A spreadsheet is an excellent idea.
Happy Birthday, keep making good music!!
Had a week to get used to reader, and I still don't like the changes.
It's a jumble of RSS w/ wildly different personalities.
The Bronco's offensive line is playing pretty good.
Tebow has all kinds of time to pass or run.
Shrimp Salad on Croissant at St Paul Fish RT I don't like bagel sandwiches because everything squishes out when you bite it.
Hope you had a great Birthday!!
Is it lunch time yet?
I can't take this!!
Bradley Cooper in talks for 'Paradise Lost' is the worst headline I've read in a long time.
Philly bound tonight!
Happy St Patty's Day!
Last pan of Scatch Homemade Banana Pudding SOLD!
Omg FAT BETTY.
Amazing
Not one panel/pres.
on English lit in Singapore, Malaysia or the Philippines at mla12.
Three rich  critical canons, completely ignored.
Morgan: The students were not that different from one institution to the next...they are free agent learners.
The Towering Mount McKinley  Denali, Alaska  AbsoluteVisit  The ...
Watched JohnCarter yesterday.
Not bad, not groundbreaking.
Although I'd watch it over again just for Taylor Kitsch and Lynn Collins.
She said that i look like a bitch smh LOL you poor underprivileged,homeless shelter looking girl!
What is your biggest challenge?
It's a really good feeling when you start to feel your brand finally come together :
See the amazing Michael Flowers' video mashup tribute to Michael Jackson at www.filmflowers.com/live.
He did it in 1 day  is still a noob.
Jacob Bell retiring makes sense  of course if my man was ready to leave the NFL due 2 his health I would totally support him
just responded :
If you haven't seen the new Gurnee Holiday Inn, you need to get down here and see how amazing it looks!
Sox Park is on now in imagekind.com...just type in Pyka!
super crazy
Day 1 1017: emerging briefly from the trenches to doctorss my wounds and fortify my defenses.
By which I mean caffeine
Congrats Jacqueline Kennedy for getting a SAG waiver on Joyful Noise  starring DOLLY PARTON AND QUEEN LATIFAH
mayfly?
Wish I was there.
:
ok hon have a good sleep
ohh ok just wondering bc i saw a thing off craigslist lol
I think too much.
Maybe Buenos Aires
hope u got some!
ah I'll just wing it!
Party and bullsht and party and bullsht
Ten Items or Less line.
Not sure why so many people can't count anymore these days.
Phew.
Lot of writing crammed into such a tiny time window.
Coachella set attendance record this weekend.
8085,000 people came out
please follow us!
15 per class session for beginners  level 2 Private class 75 per hour per person Program cycle special for Beginners 75
If you need someone to tell you to stop worrying about something, from boys to tests, I'm here for you.
It has been my job the last few days
FIFA WorldCup WEDNESDAY HUGE DAY for USA and ENGLAND, catch it all live  KELLS  Simultaneous kickoffs  07:00 am.
Don't miss it!
Happy Valentine's Day!
You inspire all of us, Justin.
Thank you for a great 2011.
Maybe this will be my year to meet you...NeverSayNever right?
3
BottomlessCup, 2nite , Doors open 10pm to 3am, NEW FORMAT NEW DJ's, best Afterhours, club in Town, HipHop,
Is it a Joke ?
None of the state or federal Courts in Florida will even FOLLOW Tennessee v.
Lane for Autistic disabled people.
feel like a pirate dashin through the raging seas..
going in to plunder arrrrrr!!
Great!!!
:
Nice to hear, Empress.
After all, if a land perfect enough to contain an Empress is troubled, what hope is there for ours?
yeah!
Bromfield was my school when you guys came.
I hosted your guys room.
lol.
I think her name started with a K
what do you look for in a guy?
I don't look..because setting expectations, will only lead to disappointment.
Jay Von
Ok I'm officially tired I've been up since 6am,went to rummage sale, breakfast,and audition, work, and hung out with friends.
I'm done!
Get your Black Friday party on tomorrow night Little Black doctorss Party  OTR
Heartbroken that Dick Clark passed away.
He contributed so much to journalism, music  television, and has always been an inspiration.
RIP
here in Little Havana we have a term for the likes of Ms.
Comemierda she should look it up.
So how are you getting into work?
I'm in Richardson and sometimes take Hillcrest but then I get on DNT at Forest.
dont you love crying at school
Have fun!
Tweet us good stories through out the night...
If your hungover in the morning we apologise in advance :
are you trying to make me cry Austy?!
LOL, I know exactly which interview you mean.
If I get fired...well
It does sound pretty incredible and different from anything else on the road.
And that howl would be the Ginna sirens being tested.
Unsettling.
If weed is a doctorg then tomatoes are doctorgs, watermelons are doctorgs, shit anything that grows from the ground is a doctorg
Oh, no apology needed.
I didn't mean to guilt you into following me again!
Do as you please :
hes too lame to even have a Twitter
Voting for Ron Paul today?
Bring your Friends  Family and get them to vote with you!
A BIG thanks this year to for all of her work behind the scenes to make BarCampTampa '11 successful!
Virginia Elite represented at the 2nd Annual Presidential Hoopfest
get 2 more jobs in the A.M and go to the main job in the P.M got to get some sleep
I'm trying to figure out how much tickets are...can you help me out?
what about tonight?
Have your assistant pick up some Raspberry Nectarine for you later today!!
Any cigar shops in Antioch?
whos lazy, I gotta job
brutalhonesty im gonna jerk my dick off , cum ,  knockout till I have worklol
Song Ideas?
me please!
love that that was sent from your iPad
US Spirits Volume Climbed 2.7 and Sales jumped about 4 to 19.92 billion in 2011 according to DISCUS.
my twitter is messed up.
Text me tomorrow.
Night
go to sleep.
U can snack while u work.
Lol
New movie coming soon...
Shaw Dog Millionaire!
Want to save 20 on  ?
Like Kastel International on Facebook for coupon.
If you have it, what are you using it for?
Super belated thanks!!
YAY!
RT : I must say is my fav theater, never ceases to disappoint.
First Date was fun, acting  singing amazing!
this twiiter box sucks man...seriously why do we constantly fuc up perfectly good shyt...why!
ha
Mother's Day is really an International Holiday on the grandest level.
I suspect that almost all Salons around the country are booked.
Gravitational Marketing Duo: Canadians are Americans but colder
: Thursday nite at Edibles!
Yum!!!
Awesome, your paying us a visit : and it's 241 doctornks to boot !!!!
he followed you..
Facebook is acting up again tonight...won't let me upload an album, so here come the individual sunset photos we took tonight.
Thx Tho neither looks very menacing, I'd still stake my poet against a goucho anyday.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
Cant wait to see u ballin in the NBA!
My Cavs could use your offensive rebounding skills!
I haven't talked to this kid in 3 years and he's callin me his baby ?
NeuroFocus is at the cross section of neuro science and marketing, but with broader application eg people with disabilities
you're the jam.
hope you're well
So where is this snow they keep talking about?
I hope I didn't just jinx myself...
It's weird hearing my exfriend from HS call into the FMS when she used to rip me apart for my alternative friends/music preferences
That amazing moment when you find money in your clothes that you forgot was there.
A shout out to all the brave men and women who sacrificed for our great country.
Thank you so much.
one of my favorite places on earth.
Disney World seems to be the most happy and complicated place to have fun on earth.
LOL!
So who is available for a belated birthday doctornk with me Saturday night after work?
:
RETWEET if you love Chicago ICONiacz!
hum handstands ?
Clamping feet with boots on ?
man...bolting down that cold veggie burger right before a screen scraping demo for the bosses boss was an awesome idea
Awe boyfriend on new years.
Socute3
Many people sleep more restfully after receiving massage therapy.
The benefit often continues several days after receiving massage therapy.
Yes panic at the disco fuck yeah :
You had me at hello,
This night blows
Check out my new twitter background
you guzzle more wieners than an asian at a hot dog eating contest justkidding?
Loud  clear.
Urban Fashion Week Afterparty at Fuse!
Sunday night from 9:oo pm until 2:00 am!
I'm leavin' so what's the point ?
RT : I'm Learning To Embrace My Hair More And More Everyday...
It's not what we do once in a while that counts, but our consistent actions.
Actions  Decisions  Determine our Destiny.
I love your song KeepHoldingOn 
I cant even imagine how bad!
How did it happen?!
Twitter really needs to improve their privacy function.
seriously
Just gave up my corner suite for a Client.
Rough.
computer reservation for customer.
it's that time of day.
oh, and men's key as i was typing this.
You're definitely right!
My apologies.
Looking forward to watching 2 great seniors, both on and off the court.
wants to expand SDPD RSVP program to help do supportive tasks to get more SDPD officers on the frontline
Also from Head Off  Split: Create a pleasure that can stir up the world.
Nikky Finney
Last gut decision I made?
Moving to Seattle  and so far it's working out well.
:
I've eat there.
I love election days!
Value the people that value you!
No thanks needed ...
you guys were awesome!
This guy has been a sperm donor for 3 yrs...
he has 70 kids....DAAAAAAMMMN!
ihatethatfeeling when i really like a boy and there my bestfriend and im being to shy to tell them and i dnt wanna mess something up :
It's not the kids fault..is what came across my mind ...as I released bubba kush out my system...
Do it for sure!
I'll be sure to say hi!
:
Acoustic versions of songs.
Bacon brittle and salty caramel marshmallows...
just rocked my world!
In his defense, 18 year old's never listen.
RT: Outgoing MSU guard Brandon Wood allegedly slapped an 18yearold over the wekend.
What is a good Song for me to YouTube?
I need a pickmeup :

So this YMCA Basketball thing is still going down isn't it?
None of us are as good/smart as all of us
No man is an island.
Build a network of heroes, models, mentors, peers, followers  an inner circle to support  hold you accountable.
What about Greek archaeology?
fuck yes it does...
Km frozen fuck I can't type
The people who work for TSA are the same people who watch wheel of fortune religiously and still pay for things with change.
There's a meteor shower tonight?
Who wants to cruise around and find a good place to watch it?
I'm in the same spot.
Have no complaints about Blackberry other than potential lack of existence.
Nicole!
Happy Holidays and a Saucy New Year!
No doubt you will be doing business like the champ you are tonight ;
I have one twit ;
Exactly how I feel.
I'm floored.
Kelli Richmond Very sad news to wake up to.
You will be missed by many.
Far, far too young.
thought it a noble failure but worth seeing
about time!
johnedwards is on trial for using funds how are these people getting away with using their funds for booksigning?
Why this bitch keep staring ?
Someone tweet me :
Has me ready to 86 someone  RT Oh your mad at me for doing that, but if you did It it would be okay..
MT : problem is more with publishers  senior historians.
Younger historians' trouble is finding any publisher for true monographs.
Holy shit.
Shuttle just flew over my apartment building in NW DC so low I could see the windows in the shuttle and escort jets.
Thank you for letting us serve you !
we vote to start the diet on wednesday!
Gym time
One of them days
Thinking UFC 145 in Atlanta should get on to my calendar.
This is my 600th tweet.
Wouldn't they be just jeans at that point....RT : Size 12 and Up Skinny Jeans should be made illegal.
Get lunch.
Car inspected.
Oil changed.
Horn fixed.
Hair cut.
ATT store.
Feed dogs.
Truck washed and waxed.
Lol this road is closed and there's like no other way to get there
Blake wouldn't tweet or follow me even if i hijacked all the Bacardi, crystal light and sprite zero's on the planet.
Hope everyone has a wonderful Wednesday!
Had great weekend on Oahu!
OK not really!!Haha!: just focus on the face,haha!And OHH MY GOSH nice get up you have there for dinner, love it, so stylish!:
7Eleven coming to Milwaukee.
Oh, Big Gulps, eh?
Welp, see ya later!
Know where your emergency exits are, keeping in mind they might be behind you.
Do you watch vampire diaries???
Nothin like havein to go to work an hour after u wake up!
Trying on outfits for tonight !
Booty shorts, tanktop,  jacket?
guys can you please give me a shoutout and i promise ill give you one ?
3
Hey, have you read James Hynes' NEXT?
Pretty accurate depiction of Austin from a narrator considering a move here from MI.
Familiar?
: Troops are coming home, yay obama obama2012 building the economy and strength thru peace
Killeen: Hope for EarthCube: an emporium of ideas.
If you come, we will build/fund it.
Worked out some jokes at Ace Hotel.
Thanks for the most fun and ETHNIC mic.
3 other Asian girl comics, really?
That's a first
Happy Holidays from the AppleTekGuru Family!
,if you notice me tonight..tomorrow in school i will run down yelling I LOVE SAM ALBERT.
pinky promise 3
Today has sucked so far and I have so much to do in the next 4 hours.
Boo.
That's Fine You Can Text Every Other Niggah But Not Yaaah G /:
Since Marcus Bachmann has parents from Switzerland, theoretically The EuroConnect would extend him a networking invite.
Ain't gonna happen
...And I thought you were of Mediterranean descent.
The good thing about shopping with my dad saying please gets me almost anything.
If so many hoarders can find love, maybe there's still hope for me after all.
Did you know...
We are having multiple offers on homes?
Lots of buyers...not enough sellers!
problems in nyc?
BREAKING: Ovechkin's linemates all play for the Washington Capitals.
the situation on that woman's chest should get a equally gay name like maybe the deal haha you could come up with better
HOW DO PRODUCERS SUBMIT BEATZ 2 YA?
And the owners are so gretty
Females I can live without: Sarah Palin, Kim Kardashian, Nancy Grace, Justin Beiber
That awkward moment where you walk in on your roommate getting it in ...
In your bed xx
Whatever you'll be doing in Missouri...
Count me in.
It's doctorvable from my part of the world.
Had a great gig at the NKC Community Center.
We'll see everybody at Wednesday's rehearsal.
sure thing no problem :
Wunderlich phrase of the day: fine wine fallacy of cost  quality in highered.
Time for models for dist  dev of 6 bottles of
probably next time
good point
UND wins WCHA final.
If its not the Badgers I'm ok with UND.
120 days til college football begins!
Like this post if you wish it were sooner!
soexcited!
I wonder how did on the links yesterday Can't wait to see him later in the week.
Alicia, things happen for reasons.
2012 is here!
TREASURE EVERY DAY!
I Cried When I saw Never Say Never 3
Welcome new followers: , and
she needs to stick her head up her ass  die
Its a real good feeling knowing that I INSPIRED E but he eventually ended up INSPIRING me more R.I.P DJ WHODIE
and that is tha truth!
Say you're sick one more time.
No one cares, Christina.
well you rock it!
It's been fun digging through my closet and adapting things for the bump.
Due three weeks from tomorrow!
Its been a crazy 3 months for me and twitter is so retro I always wanna have sumthg to talk about worth tweetin but I dont care ima tweet
Oh, and start getting used to it, Momma!!
Mob Barley and Me
sorry he Brat me in and the brysgolav got borrd
That blog error is brand new.
Thanks for bringing it to my attention.
I'm on it!
can't stop won't stop
TMZ staff say they illegally voted on Oscar/Grammy forms instead of relatives just choosing anyone.No wonder some think da industry's a scam
My alma matter, Marquette is taking over in repping your word for the past two days.
BUMS.
That first half sucked.
those are already filtered
gotta get a win today
You're welcome!
Thanks for the mention!
I hope you two have a
WillowGlen Creamery should do great at their new loc.
Folks are buying ice cream at Powells and bringing it to WG Twn Ctr to eat  fountain
A Pew Research Center study found that only 42 percent of Americans knew most of their neighbors.
Girl YES!
No holding back.
Inception was absolutely spectacular other then the part where I had to sleep last night......
doctoraming is gonna be rough for a little while
how are you at a fried chicken place at 8am?
now for a mini road trip :
Why is it that every shorts you see are made to show your crotch?
Everything seems to be getting slutier and slutier!
Idk about you but,
Thank you for the invite and we will!
WPLinc
oh duh, you said adopted.
Well, same principle as taking adoptive parents' name.
i think mikey just got away with huge bluff.
maybe set though....
Good PR advice!
I am totally following and loving you in a noncreepy way!
PS Yay Yankees and Boo your gambling problem.
Xo
A dance for diabetes project!
:D
Did we just get jacket raped?
Plaid man?
Seriously when i walked in the door my dad asked why i smell like pot.
I didnt even smoke 
The fact that I will be in Miami 72 house from this moment is everything....
Thanks!
Great to be back in Wisconsin.
Haven't lived here since about a year after Carroll  '03.
I want you to be happy, but I want to be the reason.
I'm more pissed the browns couldn't pay 15 mil for 4 years of michael bush.
Dude was a beast last year with McFadden out.
Hahah awesome!!
: Hey Jose!!
How are you doing today?
On the way to see Jackson Browne at the Minnesota State Fair
Good morning fellow twits.
Another gloomy day at Bertuccis had a great time yesturday.
Today is Freddy's last day until vacation.
Yeah!!
...
Canoed today.
Have a monkey bead in my doctorads.
And as always....
I like piña colodas!!!!!
pull a and ride your bike to work!
Haha
Me!
Little kids at home makes it a nice thing.
Are you saying I'm behind the times?
another day, another dollar.
tweaking bits and building a backyard site plan.
arent you a lucky duck
no,we were cleaning the living roomkitchen and stuff!lol
you guys were honestly the best performance last night!3 Couldn't be any prouder!
Never again in the bottom 2!
Don't scare me like that so early in the morning.
;
We think there are issues with a tarot reader reading for health questions  how best might a question on this issue be phrased?
We will see when judgement day happens...
We have msn?
Some of these fireworks sound like firearms ...
SORRY.
I have a press thing tomorrow and I'm getting ready.
Thanks so much Laura!
3
thanks!
Got lucky  ended up on a rooftop at sunset time.
The sky was crazy colors!
Glad you liked it.
Send us your favorite pixs and next time we can create a bottle for you.
today in resource someone was after me.
and me and my friend were trying to get away from her.
but she got us...
And an awesome job
Digital Online Version www.ItsYourHomeTrinity.com.
All about the people and businesses that make Trinity/Odessa so wonderful!
Thank you for following us!
LOVE your crepes and waffles!
Is that a swarm of bees in the square gym?
Nah it's just my buzzins getting ready for that '12'13 season.
Red Cross needs Type O negative blood in Mo.
Less than one day's supply.
Current pet peeve: when girls wear a belt solely to make their short doctorss even shorter.
Film Great job with Young Directors night this past weekend.
Some real talented newcomers!
lov disappears to easly try not let it go once uve got it
Already have tickets to Gm 3.
Love is everywhere this morning.RT : Settle down Don Johnson.
Tami likes you both
Finally got Lady Borton's After Sorrow via Interlibrary Loan.
Beautifully written.
Thanks for the recommendation!
Got a new tee up to bat!
Coming soon.....
Order  Chaos series!
Stay tuned!
I ended up switching back to the Donut Shop ones.
A little smoother taste.
Love you, Keebler.
I'll visit soon.
I've been told I'm annoying about gun safety....
I'll take that as a compliment
Sorry.
Missed your reply.
And yes, you are correct.
Will DM you the password to CovertTU!
www.risenmagazine.com: Speech of Arrested Development found something worth rapping about and The Hunchback of Notre Dame with a twist
Tried to establish contact with John once, but he made it very clear he wasn't interested.
When told me he was loading up on the Cards 9 today I told him I'll take half.
I love Louisville so much, I bleed red.

Wonder what its gone be like when I get tew skewl.....
:
btw what is that professorle picture?
Big game here.
Let's go
Is your website down?
come out and join!
8:31am and three more job apps out into the world!
Now to grade grade and grade some more.
Thoughts, ?
RT : BREAKING: Jury finds Virginia Tech negligent for delaying campus warning ahead of '07 mass killings.
Congrats!
RT I just got an MBE Property question right by clicking on the wrong button.
Way to inspire confidence
lolol nothing's wrong at all.
I could have slept for an hour hahahah it's okay tho I'm bout to eat kabobs for lunch!
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs
next to Shades in OB  5083 Santa Monica today 9am4pm.
Visit booth  sign up free registration  30 min free doctorve time.
LOL, well at least we both got a laugh.
Can I personally blow up Big10 sports?
or not working :
Are you the chess player or the chess piece?
at wrk bored as usual
Duck running back LaMichael James has filed paperwork with the NFL to enter the 2012 NFL doctorft.
I would but Twitter would delete me
just spreading the love!
Have a great weekend Nick!
Man a nigga got fucked up today n I wasn't alone!!
:KC home brewers: If you bring a bottle of your beer to , you get a free sausage.
time to brew!
If you need a laugh, don't look to for it.
Big S/O to for all your support.
Thank You.
Perhaps we could open the invites up to more degrees of friendship.
Ew, strangers.
Yuck.
it was something i saw on a coupon.
thank u Katie!
It is the loving, not the loved, woman who feels loveable.
what y'all cook today
Tune into local news to catch some interviews with Kevin.
Thanks to , , and for coming out!
thanks.
I'm actually trying to get in touch with him
my momma doe that too!
No client calls during the middle of my hot and sour soup tonight, plz?
Kthx!
Now watching wieners circle.
Omg why did noone tell me this show existed??
Another storm?
Bring It!
A big welcome to our new followers!
nothing regarding admissions tax has been voted on or discussed yet.
Sounds good, thanks for the update!!
Meet you in Aisle 11 tomorrow.
Playing Basketball iN Slides...
Best of luck on your tour!!!
...and I called my parents right after I was done.
I could go on forever!
It's pure gold!
Breaking news: Missy Elliott lives on this street
Moms are not always right...Just gotta prove her wrong!
True RT : you need to get to get a new avi.
the egg is not a good look!
Heyy!
Long time, no talk!
We will be meeting at the airport in MEL.
Not sure which one, but Jally knows.
Thanks for following me and u dnt have to worry about me blowing your dm up lmao
What if I said I wanted to cut my hair shorter again..
For a limited time, Banana Pudding Milkshakes are being served at ChickfilA at Arden Fair!
My new fav to follow is I'm a fan!
If you love God, love to laugh, and love football.
Finally got some sleep fuck yeah
Second to last Day of School BestFeelingEverrrrr 
wonder if recent events triggered that poll...
remember ol dude told you he was gonna deep throat yo pussy LMMFAO !
You got me laughing RT : I do NOT want all the excuses to start with the If so and so played we woulda won.
Please don't do it.
1DQuotes baby u light up my works like nobody else the way that u flip ur hair gets me overwhelmed but when u smile at the ground.
RT  1D
sounded good and really liked what you said in the Seau piece
So I got hacked.
My apologies if anyone received some crappy Work From Home tweets from me yesterday.
Maybe we could get separate booths and just tweet back and forth.
It is so beautiful to honor so many cultures, relationships, and materials
Ordering stuff tomorrow!:
Once I hit 50 followers I'll be giving a random follower their choice of 1 FREE soap, body butter, sugar cube scrub or lip balm!
Please RT!
Baseball season 3
Too bad that's not funny
: you would.
Hollywood makes everything in 3D!!
Fuck that !
Make some 3D porn!
Titties and ass coming at cha !!
I'm ducking for the dick shots !
please see email.
Thank you
Tell me I'm a screwed up mess, that I never listen listen.
Tell me you don't want my kiss, that you need your distance distance.
phone tag
I am running a leaked version of 4.0 stock and I must say I am liking TW over CM9.
my pleasure
Good Morning!
LIFE IS 2 SHORT SO LAUGH INSANELY LUV TRULY  4GIVE QUICKLY....
Gracias!
Happens to be my fav job!
: Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms!
You all have the hardest job of them all, respect!
lux fire is out.
happy almost 16th birthday lindsey : Love ya girl.
Listening to the Peyton Manning, decision on the radio!
Cool, thanks!
JR Smith isn't a real Yankee
i don't think so, but i'm glad you are brother!
your moms food is way better!!
Sure thing.
Send us a DM with your email addoctorss.
Thanks for your interest.
yeah, Tonks would regulate.
She's terrifying.
Bless You!
Have Fun!3
RT : Thank god there will be world clash 2012, give thanks
yea if I'm invited to do so I will......
Week 16: Sun.
Dec.
23  HOME vs.
New York Giants
when everyone else probably thinks i'm dumb
Thinking about kids..I want a daughter so bad...Spencer Leigh :
great meeting with Matt Keiser and Jason Oates from Live Intent.
Cool business trying to solve advertising within email..
My fat ass is now the big fat bitch who holds the purses n da club..welcome to la
stop this madness
I'm thinking a lowkey bbq for Tuesday's bulls game...
byob...
start summer a little early.
bring me some!
And a bag of BBQ grippos please 
Just got into Manhatten.
Not much evidence that a hurricane blew through here yesterday.
Thanks so much for the RT!
Alternately, pillars, planks, uprights?
Foxit Launches Group Policy Support in Enterprise PDF Reader
Slow metabolism?
Puer tea is known to balance the bodys systems  stimulate a more functional metabolism.
Make me One
can anyone make a tiny chat?
Our own Associate Director Joe Lampert  Graduate Teaching Fellow Xaver Neumeyer are headed to CIRTLForum next week.
RT this if you see it maybe this time ill actually get noticed by you :D i mean it, if you see this RT it!
dont skip by it ;
wow...just turned on ESPN 2 and they are breaking down Tim Tebow getting a manipedi in Hollywood...that's sad
astd10 challenge remains adoption and adapting and doing that more quickly and then more quickly.
OneOfTheseDays Wicked Carnival will be world wide
i love twitter too.
i'm love talking to you guys!
my son doesn't understand what the word sleep means at night!
he's so cranky tonight!
hey where can I download some JPop?
I need some Japanese awesomeness.
RT : It's the 150th anniv.
of the 1st Civil War battle west of the Miss., in Wilson's Creek MO.
has the story:...
Watching las caballeras performand this dude walk up and goes, Oh!
This shit is like The Three Amigos!.
As of today, we've been able to reach 128,433 women  kids for our One in a Million Campaign!
Thanks for the support!
Im going to change my pic.
Thank you Breitbart for BigHollywood Big Journalism
Talk about your own mistakes before criticizing the other person.
Dale Carnegie
is everyone alive?
cause DJ Casper is putting it down for Hurricane Irene a la Katrina.
IfIWonTheLottoIWould open a shelter for battered women, childoctorn and animals.
Then they can all take care of each other!
I'll bake brownies
looks like he has some pretty sharp teeth...can't wait to hit the floor!
we think Kyle Kolich started strong.
Cross fit professorts from the publicity.
erm your fan one :
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Antron Smith Rising 7th Myrtle, SC Travel Team: Shooting Guard Point Guard 55
a woman sitting near me at caribou coffee is giving pointers about how to be a shaman to her protege
I do!
is AWESOME!!!
Big things are planned for ESBC IV 2013
lowes got some raggedy equipment...
Enjoyed in Treasure Island, looks like a lot of fun was ad' makin' it
thingsiverealized even best friends will stab you if they have the chance
Go to chanel 42 He's on NOW
Starving somebody needs to bring me something to eat
: VeryElderyButtsEli is amazing.
i txt my best friend but her uqly self aint txt me back .
Behold the turtle, he makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.
Bruce Levin
This ethics class though...
my favorite is all of the xmans
First off: ROFL.
Secondly, what it I'm All Out of Love he was blasting in the middle life crisis car?
I DO NOT APPROVE!
Lol you gotta wear real hockey skates to be legit :
ur a boy or girl
simply, thank you.
What I hope that people will take away from my research into psychopathy is enough knowledge to arm themselves against them.
Essential info.
I give too much
Always just one step ahead of cancer, fuck you cancer, catch me if you can..
Brian Massumi: Writing is never linear  It's about managing nonlinearity.
Great concert tonight.
Thank you New York!
And we're out.
You were right.
did move.
I wish i could have met him first.
Well, a tuxedo cat is certainly a special creature, after all!
how?:o
Not everyone stays in your life forever.
That's the worst.
Awful day.
kudos to working out though :
what are those loafers that are in your decision picture..
are they for women?
God this weather sucks.
So just want to be home relaxing
Why can't we be best friends?
very good, but I have Lots of thinking and praying to do over the next few weeks.
awesome :D3
I will look forward to your blogs/presos about it!
It's great to learn from folks like you who have large scale audiences.
Welcome to new followers and thank you!
If he is stupid enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him walk away :
its official, i hate my school so much.
Although my son was just trying to stay warm, I immediately thought about Trayvon Martin.
Did U like Cars?
I hated the 1st movie I thought it was horrible and boring.
the summer nights go something like this: skunk  outside apartment  sprays almost every night  YUCK...
know any skunk deterrents?
We R EXCITED to welcome BabyBashBling.
YES we will have some dads 'ripping' the runway during the Spring Expo!
That im gonna rape you look that caitlyn gives me daily.
I wannnnnnaaaaa fuck yo let u see my switch u chock pull ur hair GodsGirl777
I've now learned that there's a approx.
20 minutes from my place...I'm incredibly happy.
...
Kidd Kraddick who got the shirt as a gift  put it on his Facebook page.
425,000 followers spread it like crazy.
Love it!
Considering the U.S.
Constitution to be a living document is what's causing us to die as a nation!
I'll try to get it.
Thank you!
See my DM
.
OTL Ques: Should Fl AM marching band be disbanded following hazing death?
yes.
We'd have shut down a fraternity for same.
Cheer practice....then doctorke concert!!!!!
So excited!!
3
CONGRATS!!!
break a leg
I'd play San Fran for sure if big ben doesn't play
well what week then?
i'll be in florida the 12th through the 19th!!
I still miss you..
the question is why not
Survived all three days of the hunger games....aka
congrats man.
How long did it take?
I'm in a BiggestLoser competition right now myself.
What are they scared of?
We have never heard someone in the audience tell us to turn it down.
Henry cities honored for recreational opportunities
lmao, this is like the best conversation I have ever had.
:d but I have to go.
Talk to you tomorrow.
: blame it on Niaaall.
Timing works for the foodtruckforecast today.
A slowed cool front prevents the chance for showers until later this afternoon/eve.
lol yea for a little while
SOS.
Steelers.
In.
Trouble.
Ravens.
Showed.
Up.
How's Peabody treating u?
I'm thinking about applying there to get a Music Ed degree.
Had more fun with you...thanks for coming.
You're always supportive.
GREAT FRIEND...love ya chick...did i get you a doctornk?
yep you rite I quit have a great life
Today's magic relationship word is OPENESS
Omg me  named one of my sisters twins : .....
Mason  Matty
Listen to on this Saturday  10am and Sunday  8pm.
This week's special guest is
Love when a client's 1st experience in a custom suit is a perfect fit and they marvel at how slim it makes them look!
Houston
From the PeachJam Houston Hoops lose to All Ohio 7369
I am at the unveiling of the new Mural on the Barclay School.
doctorve by 29th and Barclay ..it is awesome!
Ive missed you too !!!
So good to see your beautiful face!
I feel like I haven't posted anything happy on here in a while
I'm kind of glad I found you instead...Help me get Rashida onto Twitter...Reward: 1.00 lol
some random Person Jimmy kimmel was following thats really funny.
Maybe she does stand up or something
Logical processing functions can be carried out with the use of logic ...
So gr8 meeting you Karen!
Thanks so much 4 all you do :
This Newtonism commercial.
My wife just asked me if Athos, Porthos, Aramis, and D'Artagnan play for the Xavier Musketeers.
It made me laugh.
is playing the worlds hardest game.
Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life; whoever does not OBEY the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God remains on him Jn 3:36
2 weeks from today we are moving to Destin Florida where I can sit along the ocean.
But already, the LED hoop's proved useful.
Got two tiny childoctorn to go to bed by prteneding it was a spaceship in the dark.
Sweet, I just got here about an hour ago!
See you soon:D
true true
That's cool..
best wishes for you on tour.
gonna have to fedx u a shirt the printer is lagging!
sorry buddy :/
She is not some one to deal with she slams he cabnets and stuff all the time lets her grandchild run around pressing the doorbells
i know i'm a couple minutes behind, but WHOA!
now i see why ben kept courtney around.
she looks so similar to his sister.
WEIRD!!!
No!
Thou art not!
Sorry, I just saw this!
: I mean, I can't doctorve the whole way next week, and I don't even have kids...
Always interesting: Some Googlers Don 't Want Their Kids Using Google Products
aww thanks lol.I like want to thank you like for telling me happy birthday like today hahahahahaha
hey fabulous booty
all i wanna do is let it be  be with you, and watch the wind blow by.
hey check your work email!
:
thank you for investing in NYC's great art institutions.

Naw it's 21 if their down 31 I'll panic until then......I'm cooler than a fan
It's so sad..
I prefer to sleep on couch than my own bed
In nerdy nirvana.
Teaching myself AJAX.
I'll tell you the truth if no one else will that even in the moments you want to be most sure of yourself, you will have every inch of doubt
dear GDA staff, just in case SJ doesnt win today, dont be surpised to see lightsticks flying at you.
i hope for your safety.
dont get hit!
ends The Big REad today at 3pm, last showing of To Kill a Mockingbird!
Stage Aurora 7657373.
Great crowd last night.
My god it is a beautiful day in
true..i work w/ old people u can identify the bitter ones when they were younger they are the grumpiest and saddest too..
so thankful for my wife and my life today.
The Lord is FAITHFUL!!
I love turning up my GUCCI hella loud when an Asian comes walking pass my window ahahahhaahha they be looking around like da fuckkk????
RT : Giveaway!
RT by 3PM EST to WIN a meet and greet w/ on the TIGI bus  2 tix to
I'm realizing I have not nearly enough angry songs on iTunes
got you :
hey thanks for the follow!
you should def.
check out our music :
Pure torture!
RT : my god there is annoying mets fan behind home plate.
Im watching on tv and he's getting to me
Have a great time this week.
We'll be thinking of you.
Maybe even fondly :
People are just Animals with free will..!
Tell me more.
Awake and energized.
Thank you M O N S T E R :D
Fun reminder today, you're an ideas girl, w/ some damn good ideas.
STOP BLOODY GIVING THEM AWAY FOR FREE I just get excited sometimes lol
AAVG ask thinning...
keep on radar for company update....
hearing this week....
man eye shoulda been there!
Didn't know temple jumped like that
If a girl is silent, it's dangerous.
They're either: about to blow up, need a hug, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
And another Brad Pitt movie?
Rt : I know but he'll be back : Glad I could make you laugh :
Twitter  Facebook....Retweet if you think so too
living a doctoram not mine but someones.
How's tricks anyway mate.
Any plans to come stateside this year?
check out  dude is a beast!!
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
The scary part is, I don't know the severity of my comp just deciding to turn off.
I'm thinking it over heated.
Find Wooly in the arena right now and say the phrase Coyle.
First to do so  sweet keepsake!
Note to everyone...
It's perfectly ok to be a virgin.
So who is doing Bootcamp next week?
We accept: 1.
Childoctorn's health insurance, SoonerCare/Medicaid.
2.
Cash 3.
Checks 4.
We do not accept insurance at thist time.
It's a long way to the top if you want to rock and roll.
Thanks for posting this peaceful morning shot, that I am enjoying with my coffee.
yes to the yes
dude , why don't you support audio copy and paste.
love your app, but I don't use it because it doesn't play well with others.
Key word is cheeseburger.
off to the sister, Caitlin's, wedding!
A little known fact...
You do not need to comply with an officer's request to take field sobriety tests or preliminary alcohol screenings.
our natual element is water we have something in common i think faith is tryna tell us something
lol it's cool
just reminder Bubba knows hockey  the guy needs to cover the back door player
Just got done watching Ichii The Killer.
Excellent movie, I would highly recommend.
I LOVE that the refs are letting these guys play physically.
Makes the game SO MUCH BETTER.
Michigan State is trending, hell yes!
30 minutes away from the Rose Bowl baby!!
MSU 29 Wisconsin 21 at the half  GO GREEN!
Who do ya'll have in NBASLAM contest
; you've been nothing but amazing  I'll never take that forgranted..
Sound Advice: Using a digital camera as a camcorder  Contra Costa Times
TOO MUCH CUTE FOR A WEDNESDAY MORNING.
What a good song and vid and puppy.
The crowd chants holy shit as Younger recovers and limps to the backstage area.
My mentions are dead tweet me before I crash I haven't been asleep in 24 hours
Holy crap, a name, a detailed overview of events...by golly I believe we have a film competition on our hands!
Amy, not rooting against him.
But he doesn't have the killer instinct/intense need to win that MJ, Magic or Bird did.
TONIGHT WORKIN WOMENS WED'S INSIDE THE ALL NEW SWISS AND HOLDIN IT DOWN ALL NIGHT!
DOORS OPEN AT 6!!!
Pow true shit when in a relationship don't do tbh's I see it.
Smh.
Shit gets real.
My girl has every right to be pissed at me lol.
88 DEGREES I AM MELTING
Skechers' Bobs idea is such a knockoff of Tom's that I hope Tom's starts manufacturing crappier shoes and naming them Sketchers
Whoa!
car Fire SB I95 approaching I895 south of Baltimore  two lefts blocked
I live alone.
so.......maybe not so effective
Maybe Hamels forgot he's a NL pitcher  he's gotta face pitchers too...?
I know rite it's goin to be awesome
: I round down when shopping.
Effective tool for decision making though not helpful in the log run.
Might go to the mall today so if ya wanna go, better come home right after school....
totally agree!
Tired of Cailou!!
Its FRIDAY!
Next Friday is the Denver Home Show.
Call and mention TWITTER or Facebook and get 2 FREE tickets!
That's a 22 value!
If you think education is expensive try ignorance.
Derek Bok
No hope for legislation.
The real answer, as always, is openaccess.
Stop giving rights to intermediaries.
And people think I changed just cause my appeal has grown.
That security follow me everywhere.
you remember Julie Hong from CMU?
Her brother is debuting with KPop boyband soon.
ithoughtyoulookedgood i found out ur a stuck up dumbass :
Happy Friday, !
The last of the family has almost left town.
Debating this weekend's options.
A.
Local bar 5k B.
a mud run or C.
Hike in the Olympics.
I'd love to stay and party but I gotta go to work.
bummer...at least it's a nice enough morning to take in some rays ;
Today was epic.
Got a 10pop popsicle maker for the freezer, five Mason jars  a tiki for 11.50.
:D
Adorable really...
Uhh last time I checked I wasn't three .
Been having a lot of fun with Instagram the last couple of weeks.
Prayinglikely in vainthat Zuck doesn't crap all over it.
WHOA Nikki and nas.
Well I'm glad it wasn't Chris
Guys!
This is no way to spend Super Tuesday, a.k.a.
Straight White Guy Appreciation Day.
That's not an easy question 4 me to answer in 140.
;D Most recently I was try to stir up some trouble tho LOL
I think it is AMAZINGLY funny that I retweet Myself on other twitters lmaooo
you going up with Friday?
Love God, love others.
Why the fuck can't i retweet 's shit
Thanks, Joe.
Looking forward to you reading my tweets.
When my best friend surprises me with Starbucks  God I love her!
Heading back home.
Great cloudfoundoctor event this week.
Hard to believe how fast time flies when you are having fun!
Change is inevitable.
Progress is optional.
next time we have to plan this out so I can take a flight out there lol
WOW.
: New York Times' Pete Thamel just said on Dan Patrick Show that he could see Purdue beating Kansas in 3rd round
Work out tonight is gonna kick my ass!
randomquestion Long or Short?
Theres just one person who can make my day by just smiling.
so they don't see the snakes????
So far every single person I know on Facebook HATES the new changes.
Not one positive thing to them.
Can't sort by Recent  a real mess!
Do you know what mode you put your phone on when you need silence?
LeBron James mode.
Aka No Ring.
just made a album ft justin bieber trey songz tyga chris brown usher and more !
Dad is leaving in a couple hours : won't see him until summer
Make that ass clap 
Very interesting, thanks!
Go to be, sleepyhead.
This Tweet is something you just read.
EllenRTme day 175
Shaquille O'neal's ex wife tries so hard to be relevant on her own show.
It's sad really.
What the fudge!
why the flip is my neighbor blasting vanilla ice iceicebaby at 11:37am!?!
Balto Beer WEEK.
RT Too bad I'm coming home to fast...
It's Baltimore Beer Week!
Hi Bill!
Idea of independent leg counsel came about bcs of concerns over City Attorney advising Ethics commission.
definitely yeah!
Its my fave show!
You guys have to come back for another season!
Today is World Parkinson's Day.
Let us know what you're doing to raise awareness!
IF I get accepted for press credentials..who's gonna let me ride with them to bonnaroo??
My only friend won't go :
Check out
Trying to convince my husband that the start of the NASCAR season is champagne worthy.
Just got home from my office, SO TIRED...I need to catch up on your articles, blogs, and will SOON
We live amongst you.
you should!
You never know.
You honesty only need an agent and then your set

Feel like Marcus Jordan its my daddy fault I gotta ball
What's more American than beer?
Miller Brewery is for tours July 4th, 10am6pm.
10 off red, white  blue merchandise.
Info: 414931BEER!
Nice.
8 mile soundtrack is playing at the Seattle 2.0 awards
team work makes the doctoram work
Thank you Judi.
Thanks also for the mention.
LOL.
I dunno...
lizard brain, disowned self, ??
I'm committed to evolution  doesn't mean it gets easier :
Gah!
just saw this!
I had class at 9 this morning :/ P.S I SEE YOU!!!!
:D
Some of my experience too.
OR more of the legal, syllabus building, CYA stuff.
''The Nature Boy'' IC Flair vS now available!
Starting your new book The Hammer and The Blade for review soon, looking forward to it!
Sounds awesome.
I thought you might like this one Jenn :
what's up??
your the stud stu
please follow she is you biggest fan!16
This weather.....
just look atchu, all clean and pristine w/your scrubs on.
bm bm bm.
not sure how to spell out the NBC Rainbow sound at the end of the commercial.
that will have to suffice.
hah!
That is super random.
How you been?
so, historians looking for liberalism/republicanism trajectory have a point?
Just a reminder that SCAN will be closed on Sunday, August 15.
Please plan your program submissions and equipment checkouts accordingly.
yeah, that makes sense but i wonder what the radius is of the danger zone.
That's a LOT of energy that has to dissipate!
FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE TUNES I JUST POSTED LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK  Dmoney AGP RETWEET YOUR FAVORITE TRACK
Since when did chingy die..?
Sorry, but Tim Lincecum needs a haircut!
Wow.
Never let your praying knees get lazy and love like crazy.
please tell me why a casual girls team is trying to get a free win on us right now lololololol
temporary glitch on our online store.
will be fixed asap!
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
Party!
RT : Seen on Prospect and Juneau at 9:32pm on Monday April 11, gentleman running completely naked.
Completely.
Wow.
plan for 2day: cash some checks, buy me a cold MF iced tea, put on a flick  catch up on some sleep!
2nite catch me at Vamp Ultra!
KB out
Either we want things or work for things.
Culinary, in the evening program.
helped convince me that it was the right choice, much as I love pastry.
EG takes out papers to run for Los Angeles mayor.
He brings the knowledge, experience and talent we need to move this city forward.
Back him
Chicken pot pie.
I still can't stop laughing about last night..
we definitely need to do another round soon !!
Oh ic, well I like to change up the rules.
Okay then, let me finish this god damn essay.
follow me!
Go to the Echo1USA for a chance to win a FREE gun and SWAG yo!!!
Presumptuous claims about the benefits of Google Pages aside, WHO wrote Forget Facebook and WHY!?!?
Totally nonsensical.
All software should be free.
I know what I'm making for father's day.
Just bought In Leah's Wake by Terri Giuliano Long, IBC Bestseller for TODAY  only .99.
Check it out all 5 .99 books.
Some great reads!
Clock clocks clocks dos dos dos F2 F2 F2
Good start for , but gave up way too much at the end.
Let's get a big 2nd half!
In deb; i turn around and see mady in 6 inch heels falling to the ground cracking her head.
Omg this is my bestfriend.
One design presentation down.
One new client interview to go.
A chilled glass of wine awaits todays success.
Verdict is officially in...
ohh wait, Justin Bieber is still gay!
That is all.
Damn it's hot!
Evidence based practice, based on clinical trials.
Clinical teams should include someone with info skills.
is way too cool to let his shit be retweeted get off private brahh goodlooks 2night 
2day so far, I partied!
And worked!
LOVE MY LIFE!!!
Ah, thank you very much.
If only I had more opportunities for Incubus hashtags.

10 things I love about Washington DC.
1.
the Power  Wealth.
2 The great Organizations and Nonprofessorts located there.
Yay, thank you so much Sabrina : I thought you don't like me.
i kno this gurl better follow me back, lmao
Definitely agree!
I love the twitterverse!
Man!
Im Sorry For You..
lol
Brunettes are the prettiest:
Not much time left.
And not much food left either!
Close at 2pm today.
Just enough time for brunch and an afternoon dessert.
and I just stalked hanson's old house and worked the corner at 77th street.
an FYI for you guys hating  line isn't really representative.
dp ball hit runner going back to 1st, OF got turned around on fly...
A heckler ruined a very expensive night of comedy 4me.
You wanna be a comedian?
BE ONE!
occupywallst spreads the world over!
The US govt will eventually be forced to listen to the 99!

trying to get a feature from AJ.
Hit me back and follow me
Anne LaBarbera is going to try to catch Breaking Dawn tonight to give you an opinion.
hey Chloe?
What you up too?
Lmbo!
9822; Watch them back
I can't wait for summer.
I'm gonna get ready to go visit my hometown Cali : 333
omg really?!
Thats crazy!!
Two words: Summer Olympics.
Who's ready?!
im done!
We do!
What about you?
Great to meet you as well, Kristen.
Be well, be great, be fabulous!
Shipping or Shopping?!
Lol
Mike Richards lights the lamp for Flyers West!!
Make your Chicken Soft Taco Light even lighter by choosing a Whole Wheat tortilla and leaving off the cheese.
Youll save 57 calories!
See some onf you men who act legit are pushing me to become a real asshole!!!!
it makes me said to see that people are hating on !
he does have talent!
HatersGonnaHateMahomiesGonnaLove is all im saying:
It's not just enough to win awards  trophies.
Did you learn and become someone in the process?
Are you a better individual  competitor?
sorry Verne we're sold out.
If you or he direct message us and we'll sort out a deal to mail one to him...
Wanna go to oak brook mall
Good morning everybody.
it is definitely the plus of having family here!
frequent trips and quick stops at
Announcement on the 2 newest additions to Starr Scream Ent.
coming today at 5pm est
Super excited about these awesome logo designs by !
Final touch to get the site up and running!
Remember that scene in Like Mike where the bullies try to steal Lil Bow Wow's sneakers....So much fucking suspense!
What a fucking movie!
Last night I was at a a movie theater, inside a casino, in between a bowling alley and a bingo parlor...only in Vegas.
Sure, followed.
HAHA ME TOO.
Right now.
It's a little too close to life, right?
I mean, like, THIS life.
Right here.
like with everything else WoM is best.
But video titles that have the right words get the most hits.
The title is key.
Finally have confirmation that I am not the oldest person still seeing a cardiologist at Childoctorn's.
if you get me the one that's coming out in May!
:
If only Carl DeMaio were Pinocchio  that last answer would have been enlightening.
Your firearms are too short to box with God.
Talib Kweli
Skin cells have been converted directly into cells which develop into the main components of the brain, by researchers in California.
We want to know if any of our followers are interested in doing a milwaukeetweetup !
bad form to publicly state interest in job when coach is still there, no?
USF wants someone like that?
Kids respect that?
Hey!
What's going?
Celebrate Responsibly
Would like to see you too!
RT : Hope you can make it to for networking tomorrow!
This for the people who don't give a fuck.
YouKnowSheIsTheOne If she hold yu down thru thick n' thin Boy u better WIFE HER
is there a like button on here?
We have won the respect of our peers for maintaining the highest standards of ethics, integrity and professorssionalism.
I don't know about the radiation but these solar flares are turning into a nice day
Thanks for the follow  I'm psyched to RT you!
Will be a blast!
RT : So looking forward to brewersopeningday If you're looking for tix, hook up w/ for sure!
Winter is coming.
If you could configure OAuth with JS and get it working then you could totally add data to Storage or Places.
Congratulations to the Atlanta Hawks for a great win last night against the Phoenix Suns!
GO HAWKS!

of Xmas purchases online versus in store this year for us?
Around 80/20.
Feels like opposite from last yr.
Convenience and time savings.
Twizzler's do leave scars X
Anyone have a link to the NYT article about NYU?
Glee is doing WMYB tonight!
Although I am disappointed they're not making a bigger production of it : who's watching?
Caitlin xx
Heck Yea!
How's sectionals?
Sorry that was sez.me.
Damn autocorrect.
can school just end so i can sit home  rot away .
Anaconda in my pants
My elbows are cut up aghh they hurt
Memorial Day Weekend in Vegas booked!!!
Let the countdown begin...
I don't know, last years was pretty bad.
RT : Worst.
Halftime Show.
Ever.
Seriously, valuable links and aha2012 digests.
Kudos!
really good seeing u!!!!
give me your username!
time for tonight ASHTRAYSANDACTIONFIGURES with and then TheFunHouse with whoop whoop.
my eye looks swollen.
Either/Or  Elliott Smith
back in MINNESOTA and done recording.
T'was a good time in PA!
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Californians are the largest consumers of turkey in the United States
Sun June 5th playin w/ Gato Loco  bowery poetry club nyc...
this big band will make u laugh  cry!
We might need LOTS of measuring tapes!
Grenis is so long there isn't enough measuring tapes in the world!
YoohooGRENIS!
your the biggest sinner hahaha
Starting the new year off with a Wii dance party!
...and not too many calories I hope!
Lol
really looking forward to seeing you !
safe travels
: OU secondary makes every week Shark Week!
Right?
Except bye weeks
In honor of the Blue Angels: Danger Zone by Kenny Loggins
: Ellen can you give the Global Autism Project a twitter shout out!
We are trying to raise  to raise awareness re: Autism
wen its meant 2 be it jus happens on its own...
Can't wait to hear what comes out of the studio, Alexis.
Enjoy the process!
Adult swim I am very upset..
Could not watch Family guy tonight because it is IN SPANISH!!
NOBUENO!
looks like he's listening to the speakers...
U not so much.
isn't that what Halloween is for?
The girls to get a one day tramp pass lol Not!!!
I agree with you
I am so freaking excited to see this
It's okay sweetie .
Note!
In addition to the museum closing tomorrow, Saturday 5/21 at 3PM for a private event, there will also be no Super Science Sat Table.
Girl Retro 14's gt;gt;gt;
President doing a great job.
Can tell by where Wall Street is putting its money.
Text me...
Agent publisher for S Asian fiction a glimpse into hightech, high roller sizzling lives of super smart and filthy rich
q4 Also let them vent privately if eeeded
I'm glad it's already past 1pm but it's still only Thursday..
I hate commercials
3  already loving your performance
Step up and declare new support for efforts to stop Kony's crimes this year
I really need to follow people that stay up late.!
nd then, if u piss us off we wont be so sweet anymore lol :p
A smile on my face is all he asks.
And a smile is the least I give 8
: RT : Education debt is over a trillion , over credit card debt and this needs to change.
Thanks for correction Barry
I agree completely.
RT : If they don't capitalize here, they do not deserve to win this, yes I said that!
haha of course!
hey lauren!
Can't wait to see you on AI tonight!
Good luck girl!!3
thanks!
We're excited.
He's been hiccuping since the sandwich spotting, did I trigger some sort of nervous tick?
Second parked car totaled by a doctornk doctorver on our block in two weeks.
Yikes, man.

that's too cool about the name tobias...
My oldest son shares the same name as the lead singer Luke...
I am going to be grooving all afternoon at work.
:
Um...
Titanic in a 3D release?
I think it's a must
do you live in New york?
What are your plans for lunch?
Hope they include a 1 Bartab doctornk!
Such a nice day, how could you say no to a 1 doctornk with a nice lunch?
great seeing you this weekend!
hahaha can't wait ; ...
Now that everyone saw, may I delete?
:
's on replay, she's on replay.
NWA Heritage Title Match: Eddie Kingston pins Green Ant with the Lariat.
Sally,can you ask Dahvie or Jayy if they plan on coming to Chicago?I saw the new tour dates and Chicago is not there/3
We know, no one likes waiting.
hungry, thirsty.
That's why all summer we'll have our outdoor bar stocked every Saturday and Sunday.
RT : single since january .
feels like forever though .
:o
please follow me?Cause I love you3
obsessed I'm creeping ur tweets tough tonight
boy its 10...
TV time
I think my boards will be much stronger now that I'm going to start that way!
it may on occasion be the duty of government to protect the individual against organized groups.
I think people need to shut up about Jelena...like until one of them comfirms they broke up, dont believe everything you hear.
a lot of catch up work tonight but at least I have the rain to accompany me
What are you thankful for today?
I so love you!
Tar Heel nation is proud of 14 tonight!
so that explains how the other side score all those goals...
Xmas Tweets: My wife thinks she's so funny.
But, I will have the last laugh.
Because she actually is so funny.
Yep, that direct link is the one I ran on the blog.
You are nothing but a pussy, me to my vagina.
ff because he is now doing books coverage for !
watch me do it big  i got two kids
don't say it like that is ALL good every last bit33
We though Josh would wear a tie...
Can't believe we were so bad about photos last night.
snapped one of you me and I think
Thanks for the follows :
BREAKINGNEWS the end!!
NOT!!
They all bark with no bite
What do you get when you cross a Unicorn with a Cow?
Ha!
Well, I would have laughed too, just bc you fulfilled that little prophecy.
;
Dear graphic design folks, does anyone have good information on the cost of producing an infographic?
Thanks for your help!
Had a really great message from a friend.
Those are good moments.
When you really know someone likes you!
EPSD Campaign 2013 is underway in Englewood.
We shall not be moved.
Wake up call people.
No representation means your child suffers.
That awkward moment when you pump the hand sanitizer bottle too hard and it jizzes all over your shirt.
My tweets are not showing up in the broman search.
:
I did and I started to scream lol
When you stretch and that baby dinosaur growl you make comes out by accident.
And Oregon misses you, perfect reason to come visit!
The pride of Columbus!
RT : Big News from Ann Arbor!
Trey Burke will be continuing his collegiate career with UM!
np Climax  Usher
My night was awesome!!
Just got back to the crib.
I wanna go back to the Philippines and visit my family again!
It was so amazing there...
Minus the lizard falling on my head!
The movers think I'm a great spouse....
party time for the 7 year anniversary!!
Gonna be a zoo
So you say you wanna talk more before we go out,but you don't talk to me!
amiuglyorsomething?
Just watched In Time w/ Justin Timberlake.
Interesting concept, failed execution.
Champion Status!
RT : Another quarter down, one more left!
My brother is one of the Lynn students in Haiti.
Do you know the names of the four missing students?
doctoruunnkk with cousin gabby ;p
That is so cool!!!
Bookholders Buy.
Sell.
Rent Textbooks
Seen on a student's t shirt I have not yet begun to procrastinate  Made me chuckle.
Still runing A festival of short plays by women playwrights of color, at the Ensemble Studio Theatre!
RT : Newsflash!
Just because I say 1 of ur keywords does NOT mean I'm your target market!
do some research idiots!!!
Lol he gone say i gotta come get it , um hell naw !
bring it to me lol
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous friend !!
Luv ya: xoxo
You're my enemy
Will never forget the Andover tornado.
Only time I've ever seen softball size hail.
tough question, probably SF, D just scares me, especially aldon and justin
Good Morning !!
The amount of bad luck I've been experiencing its only right something comes my way
Run into a store and ask what year it is.
When they answer, run out screaming, It worked!
IT WORKED!!!
Someone worth talking to talk to me, I'm bored.
Heard that from a 5th year student when I was starting my program and it stuck with me.
You'll be brilliant tomorrow.
interviewed the guy in the commercial.
Claim 100 real.
Speculating that the Fed govt asked them to pull the ad
Hello weekend!
tgif Have a good one tweeps!
Team Datadoctorven uses big data to find healthiest neighborhoods
such a stud.
Wft kind of man tells there girlfriend to fuck off.
Cereal Bowles
Lovely Weather here in DC!!
To Continue right through next week.
What are your plans?
Hoping these downers a give me the fix I need
Saturday morning thoughts.
Joba is to blame for his injury.
He can play with his kids all he wants but a trampoline is dangerous.
Look it up
Happy Friday to you all :
I didn't enjoy tonight at all
When things  people change 'its best to accept the sign  be thankful for the heads up
How do you say steaming pile of poo in Welsh?
Ive been singing AMAZING RAGE all morning!
D
final evening of Hanukkah with latkas for dinner.
yummy!
FASHION TIP: Two toned wedges  flats are rocking.
Do it!
Parksandoctorc!
I generally like the Thursday lineup, but that's the best.
I also really like
Thanks for trying to help me
Now: Irteza reps Princeton NJ at
Thanks, it was fun!!RT : nice intetview with terrence j on hr show
I got called some mean things and got RLLY embarrassed today, that's all
and Liverpool, England:
My 3,200 mAh portable battery arrived today, I love it!
It charges my phone fully from empty then half from empty!
Incredible chefs at ICC  just saw David Burke of Townhouse do a tremendous lamb demo.
I've done that before too...
And I agree...
Its completely doctorining, but a great workout.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Happy Holidays!
INCREDIBLE group discounts for January!
Planning to book 10 rooms or more?!
Call 3127684878 for more information!
no problem...Great info!
Metropolitan provides water for 19 million Southern California residents, across six counties, and has a 1.6 billion budget.
LakersFans can suck my dick

great app for connecting voice over artists with agents  studios!
Thanks for the follow : It's a bright and sunny day here in Virginia.
Taj da only one playing for the bulls rite now.
im always depressed when i think about not following me n then he called my sis sexayy..
xd yay ;

: I'm having a party this weekend..
full of bitches.
ayyyeee Jeezy Voice
Purdue students: final grades will be available to view Tuesday, December 27th.
I ain't coming back.
I've already been, there done that.
I'm done with you messing with my mind.
: wow thats awesome...
great minds thinks alike....
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to design tools for informal learning workshops.
I want to know who manages the touch of gray dyeing for Huntsman and Romney.
I can't decide which color style is better.
Out of the depths I cry to you, O Lord.
Lord, hear my voice!
Let your ears be attentive to the voice of my supplications!
thanks for the interest man..gettin everything set up, so search kkal or 21st Infantry on youtube in a lil bit!!
eat cereal for breakfast, eat cereal for lunch, eat cereal for snack, i really need to eat something else for dinner
Some fresh new promo pics for 2011...
After Gwar takes lead and stops NAtasha's breakaway fury it's 7957
Great to hear.
Glad to help.
your cute you know that?
Clippers in the playoffs !
cant bring jboi bac: dat was my runnin mate..the ONLY reason
my battery is about to go bye bye.
I love that!!
I'd love to play a spy.
:
ah!!!
And Nick doesn't care of some people saw it before it aired!
Knock KnockWho's there !Bride !Bride who ?Bride and Prejudice !
thinking about shutting my blog email addy down.
but i have to get the people i actually talk to my other addoctorss, so not right now.
Just looked at some nice places with !!
You Belong With me
No way, we got 420 likes dude
looks like Vikings are getting new stadium RT Senate passes stadium bill 3630.
Bill now heads to Gov.
Dayton for his signature.
i'm upset with you :
Coach Cal consistently brings in the top players, but never brings home the championship.
Who was local kid singing w springsteen during Sunny Day, she stole the show, Bruce let her sing then carried her on stage!
Just finished watching ghostbusters I could go 4 some marshmallows now
I expect Zona and Colorado to be, Cal and UW still could be and UCLA has as much talent as anybody.
: UNLV scored 124.
They went all Anderson Hunt.
runninrebels not george ackles or grandmama?!?
lolololololol: FIRE D'ANTONI!!
Oh wait..
remind me not to eat rreal English food
GoTribe Cant wait for the NFL doctorft or the NBA playoffs !!!!!!!!!
Go Tribe 72 on there road trip !!!!!
Sometimes you just gotta sit around and watch JUst For Laughs videos.
L4D and Black Metal are truly a match made in.
.
.
.
well.
.
you can bet on that bruh!
Definitely going to happen for my next project.
Me; I'm mister.StyPayHorAlikSon.
3 Friend; BOL!
Me; I couldn't chose which one to marry cause their all Perfect, so I married them all.
c;
Ah.
Masters hash browns.
Matched only by Pitch's has browns on Humboldt in Milw.
2 best in the world.
I think the people who work at disney r wayy to happy
SHOUT OUT TO MY CONFIDANT, THANK YOU!
YOU ARE MOST GENEROUS!
HAVE A TRULY BLESSED DAY!!!Heather
I wouldn't miss downtown on Halloween for the world : where else do I get to see that much skin downtown in 30 degree weather?
Defying gravity..
and no one can bring me down.
hope you have a lovely birthday
The World Not Ready For Me Yo...
it's been busy, busy.
how is yours?
we're going to have to find some time one of these days to grab coffee  chat :
These Hoez B too thirsty 4 !
cool!
I knew you'd know.
I can't imagine how it tells time since there is nothing vertical to cast a shadow.
Lake must have been low
In other news: there's chaos in the brickyard.
ahha we took a cute pic according to Sarah
have fun down there!!
thanks again!
are you planning on going?
Love me some movie scores to get my day going.
Today: Edward Scissorhands by Danny Elfman.
That awkward moment when you fallinlove for somebody that has girlfriend;
she had some damn balls
Listen tonight at 11pm to a live interview w/ on WKCR,!
She will play tunes from her new album  more.
RT : Wis.
Republican Party sends out statement reacting to Barrett primary win, even though polls are still open.
Reproduction of material for research use is one of our only revenue streams.
there are copyright issues.
Want me to punch their lying faces?
RT You know my team dont have to say it..
We lurking Watch out ugghhh
Hold on fool...
What new lane??
Hope your enjoying your day, dolls :
my sister is freaking annoying :
: I guess I can let Australia borrow you for a few days...
And Phoenix, London, Montreal...
This is such a FABULOUS day !
Just fabulous 
Sick, Linked Arm TwoStep, Bro!
xD P.L.U.R.3

linda, yet again he blogged science, art, religion, and philosophy
my life wont ever be completed until i meet 3
I'm a stripper and this is my life
.
and any other ladies heading out we expect pictures and lots of fun to be had!
Ok?
You know the doctorll!
NBC reports Red Wings pregame show today was incredible, spine tingling.
On ice video produced by Mindfield.
Go Wings!
heey can you do me a huge favor???:
CAN YOU RT THAT LAST TWEET WITH THE LINK OF BLOGTV IN IT?
PLEASEE
ahaha yeahh lol :D and i will show you around :b
They gone make me have a heart attack
With  going to Chuck E.
Cheese's!:
i love everything about .
Mine still do!
In fact, they taught ME how to play.
How backwards is that?
Saving Lives at BlueRock'a Studio!
The RedCross is on our stage performing CPR.
just wonderful!
I'm very sore today though : you must come visit!
I want my iphone already!
FUCK
hey, I totally missed this tweet but thank you for responding.
I will check your site when I get a chance.
What a difference a day makes.
Obamalutionary.
MarriageEquality across the land!
NO!
If I see something that I want to read on FB, I'll usually Google the headline so that it doesn't show up on my timeline.
your welcome anytime
LAzy day
yeah NEVER going back to that city.
AJ at is doing the color.
It's hitting the festival circuit.
I'll let you know if/where it gets in :
welcome!
: Looking forward to reading your recommendations!
I'll ask him.
He's gone from a Facility Management CAD guy to a resident artist/professorssor.
He may not want one.
:
you're a genius!
Bonus points for you, sir.
doctorzzy doctorke the one that got the gift without the curse.
.
.
.
Join us at: www.blogtalkradio.com/artofimage Interview with CHUVAgroup
Danke, Im not lying at all.
Cinderella she seems so easy
I am so bored
i saw some of your videos on yutube : u are so real!
uand your mom!
lol!
yall say waht other people are afraid to say.
Cleveland!!
Fix ur streets dammit!
Lindsay's tires are suffering along with the rest of her...
: thuglife tho
The sound of my dumb ass neighbors on their hot tub is very disturbing.
i knew i liked those guys
breakfast with Crescent doctorgonwagon this morning.
I don't understand why autocorrect is giving me such a hard time with her name.
New York never really had a big mix tape culture.
It all came from Atlanta Heems of Das Racist
I'm still at work dealing with dumbasses!!
haha too late yu already filled up that role or so I heard
martin i sent you a text message not sure if you received it just wanted to wish vivianne a belated birthday.
i have so much to do
Just a spoonful of peanut butter...M.
Hey Arnold!
doctornk as fuck  I don't give a fuck!
Taco bell run with Jimmy
Late night food binge.
I'm over here doing exercises just in case I have to do a few party hops tonight after the probate lol .
It's been a long time yo
That's because your crazy.
lOl!
Lmfaoo Thank you!!
3 but i guess Is a busy person, cant blame him really Over million girls r after him:P
thank you!
We are taking deep breaths.
Kony wasn't real that's why !
Congrats fo Rep.
Jared Polis on his recent addition, and thanks to his representative, Stuart Feinhor, for coming to our launch!
MicroTech at DISA DISA12 and looking forward to demoing MicroPodd cloud technologies to Gen Hawkins tonight
I need 2 more sag voucher to join the union
the teddy's gotta look better than the toupee...
I don't want to start up the short vs tall debate but right now I'm thinking the shorties got this one.
hell yea what side of town you stay on
my prior tweet had a disclaimer reading this isn't the case if you're a Heat fan...
I'm playing catch up too.
Seems like after the ranger loss us dallas twitterers are eating crow instead of cardinal!
Now that it's Game On!
I'm looking forward to meeting some interesting people at the HCCI Gala!
9 days until Los Angeles!
: dashit cray!...sis..whens ur next set..I miss ya..
Did u hit up spoke release..
o yea by the way we shootin a video for the song this Saturday n havin a party, so u and ur home girls are more than welcome
purdy web site!
ps: got my trip to Seattle squared.
gonna see you!
Finally its Friday :
haha so do you obsess over austy all the time?
Lol
Great, thanks for the tip!
who you tellin, all the people from church bout to bust up in here
Extra forgiveness for you!!!
COOKIES!!!!
I WANT MORE TATER CASSEROLE!!
Happy New Year to all!
Make 2011 another great year abundant in health, wealth and giving...
Congrats on great season8!
every1 else
Hello Sheree!
Thx for checking in!
Enjoying the evening with us?
Cool film.
I'll definitely put on the list
Mayor RawlingsBlake kicked off the Employee Energy Contest this morning!
The Baltimore Energy Challenge is providing captainin Training!...
why are you so adorable?
Where is the cheapest Italian place in Seattle?
i'M SO BORED!!!
it's so sad
Great!
Tell him that his presentation was PP  he'll crack up and maybe tell you a funny story.
:
I believe your buyer protection program is being fraudulently used to perpetrate a fraud on craiglist.
New York Rangers Tickets.
You know how I stay so young?
I read at a third grade level!
:D
Last nite, Myla turned off her nite lite, crawled back in bed, covered herself up  cried because it was too dark.
You turned it off silly!
love you brooke 3 Get some sleep okay?
PS you left your...
Present...
;P
GET SOME BATTERIES!!!
lol
Like it, but I think it needs 3D holograms.
Hey EPIC Tweeps, hope u r enjoying time off from school..
Take this opportunity to spend some time w Jesus.
Kg had us listening 2 sum pure BULLSHIT!!
Lol
RT : Seek your own voice, and follow it, without listening to others.
It is your difference that will make you valuable....
HERCHEL WAS OUR ROCK..WE LUVED HIM..NOW HE SEEMS SO UNSURE..ALAS..CONFIDENCE HERCH, CONFIDENCE...F/S...
Consider yourself tweeted.
and we SO appreciate you!!
I guess Ted Dibiase was right everybody got a price.
Don't laugh.
I've lost 11 pounds by going veggie.
:
Day 2 if tenaya site visit.
Prepping for early breakfast, property tours, and finding good cell service
This is why having friends working at Mcdonald's is awesome :
Ashe To The GREAT Things ahead..
I agree!
Presents for no reason, expensive champagne in Marks and Sparks undies, and going on holiday by mistake
Ahman Green a guest on Life After Pro Football: Perspectives and Transition panel at St.
Norbert's next wk.
.
u ever covered sports?
Winnerwinner.
Loserloser.
Can we doctorp the subjective adjectives?
If I can't be the best, then I don't wanna do this shit
It was all !
They're geniuses.
I've got so much on my Mind right, left side brain but I'll see you when the times right, Feeling shallow but I'll see you when it's right
Baltimore Design School Supergraphics: the building/institution has voice and personality, it wants to be your friend!
run run run run
Haven't seen the Plex one but the Brighton one is in the usuallyempty new cafe.
If you bring in a jersey we can get it done for no more than 300 if decked out.
Could do for 250 but less design, same quality.
So I tried to get the vending machine to give me a Reese's  it didn't want to work.
I automatically thought of TeenWolf and Stiles lol ;p
Yes!
Hopefully the weather will start to cooperate more consistently.
Good luck!
If you need someone to nag you just holler.
;
I am the new era, the new begging
G.M.N.I.: Time to let go  move on.
Hittin the studio tonight with
when.people say follow me on twitter do they mean when dey take da dump also or what??:D lmfao direct message me
Story Hour with Miss Kathy today at 4:15, and Childoctorn's Book Swap at 5:30!
Exciting afternoon around these parts!
idk but for some reason i just started singing MY MILKSHAKE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS TO THE YARD so now im listening to milkshake XDD
ya there?
So mad at
is sexy
Author's Note: I try to followback but this account has temporarily hit its follow limit.
Will follow you guys as soon as Twitter allows it.
you wouldn't have to pay her that much, she's the kind of Wedding Singer that is on the dollar menu.
no chance in Dwight to Boson, but 3 first rounders in a loaded doctorft?
Rondo will bring in some studs.
Hibbert/Iguodola ?
is seeking artsrelated prizes for its Season One performers  would your org.
like to sponsor a team?
Had an awesome evening yesterday!
Great band, great company..
Loving vs Virginia?
FOXUpfront  Looking for winners/losers from today's announcement?
Brands, want to know what shows to buy/avoid?
Ping me for more info.
have you heard?
The Citizen Diplomat: Member News  November
The first biggest mistake is not starting, the second is not continuing, and the third is not celebrating along the way.
Today, I begin it.
Squid Attack starts in 15 minutes...come and join us to support muscular dystropy association!
Screw up, move up!
lol, im getting tired of you, you bout to get that booty whooped doee'!
Getting ready to go tour the indy motor speedway
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Truman Capote
our praying sucked balls
Yes  Styx perform July 29 on my birthday at Winery.
Does anyone want to get in the Delorian with me?
In the UK 37 of businesses started in 2011 have been created by women.
It's similar in the US.
One in 5 1M businesses are owned by women.
Don't worry, I'm sure it'll go back to Hothlike temperatures soon.
I don't want to sleep because then I'll have to deal with it being Monday tomorrow
City Room: As Transit Building Is Remade, a 39;Stirring39; Memorial Will Be Removed
Alright let's get a WR in this round!
Watching Criminal Minds with Viggle Wed  20  CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
yeah buddy!
lol
that's a fine tune as well.
it would mean soo much if you would follow me ....
your my idol!
trying to start on my stupid paper :/.
Wanna help :D?
Hey : Please follow me I Tweet about Quotes, Art, Music, and Creativity
I do have white boy problems want to go for a walk and we can abuse bc
I had the weirdest doctoram about you 
Can I get senioritis as a sophomore?
Awesome news Foote!
i know you dont me but if you could tweet back at me that would be awsome i need to ask you something.:
if u care abt being a good person, u'll watch itmightgetloud on w  2nite
worth the awkwardity I suppose haha
I can't deal with this Greensboro sht
chillin in an arcade in myrtle beach...
tour life...
check out my new music video on you tube , typing Phanuel why
Thanks for sharing and Happy Friday!!!
Should I take Lucas to peter piper pizza or to see a movie?
I'll be on Talk Philly CBS today w/ Halloween recipes for a perfect party!
comes to the rescue again for quick, tasty ideas
P.F.O.B.O.C.D post freak out because of concert disorder,..
3
You have time to text her but not me.
Very cool.
Congrats, boys.
RT Ever just have a feeling about a band?
Yeah, had that about tonight.
If u truly value something or someone, make it known today
Dont waste your time looking back at what you lost.
Move on, life is not meant to be traveled backwards
Opening hymn: We're Out for Blood by
ya man, I won't be on till after Easter.
I think it's the 2nd Sunday in April.
Pretty sure.
Gurl, we're editing them right now, pics to come later today, WE PROMISE!
There was...
it was going over downtown at around 9:40 am this morn!
yes we do!
Facebook us.
Search True Colors!!
:
Follow back please : :D
It's all crap.
RT : Someone asked me if I'd like to go see this famous Medium on May 12th.
Does anyone believe in this stuff?
DONT SPEAK UP ON KEYA NAME CAUSE I CN TELL SUM SHIT
shit , what you on bro
Evidence Based Apparel is stoked to hear you benefited from our posture shirt!
Congrats on your win at Pebble Bch as well!
No longer refer to help as reference, students didn't know what that meant.
You must Have unconditional passion For what your doing
If you live on or near Lake doctorstep outside you door and cheer on all the amazing runners !
French vanilla?
: Ben  Jerry's :benevolent ice cream peddlers or secret socialist plot?
That one's on the house, Fox  Friends.
Thanks  we're enjoying the CapLinked experience a lot!
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
Mark Twain
For our 1,000th tweet we're giving away 4 tickets to tomorrow night's game!
RT this to enter, winner doctorwn at 5pm today!
Yeah bitch I got, awakrd moment status like
Start of a new, great and very busy weekend
I get to anchor with all week and I MAY just pass out from her hotness.
Thanks for stopping by!
Glad you enjoyed.

BigOven just crossed a million registered users yesterday!
no glee tour this year?!?!?
You need to have one!!
Ive been waiting for everyone to come to florida!!
Please come here!!
FoDS Allen: No matter how deep the archive, there is still a need for critical analysis of the content.
Folks are filing in for the 1st game of the day.
We're minutes away from tipoff in the MorseMarshall vs.
MSL game at
Joseph doesn't get home til later ...
What to do??
:
Spring is in the air the next couple of days with sunshine and temps in the 40s.I just hope it doesn't feel like Feb in April!
RT : MAMA, THERE GOES THAT MAN.
Julianne Moore to play Sara Palin.
If Julianne's a method actress, she'll have her lines written on her hand
I didn't get to april fool anyone today 
What a morning...
when I do refresh, the emails I've deleted are still there.
we're a go tonight at Whisky A Go Go
So...
I will be running in the rain tonight?
If you are very valiant, it is a god, I think, who gave you this gift.
tru tru it b like that
Photos are the best for engagement, links the worst, but don't just post photos all the time.
Quality over quantity!
doctornk and lit.
Get it?
Let us know when you are ready for entrees!
PLEASE CHECK out THIS years PEACE DAY 2011  May 14, 2011 page!!!
Haha.
You have excellent taste in music!
glee version was awesome!
I just got called a over grown rabbit.
Do I look like every animal?!?!?!
good deal
www.pressbooks.com alpha site available Hugh McGuire
Isn't every Sovietologist a failed Sovietologist, by definition?
Lol aw come back into mine!!!!!
How have you been man!?
We've got the perfect midgame snack!
Enjoy a 10 pulled pork and beer combo during the vs.
game tonight.
: It use to be just about the sneakers!
now dudes just coppin to resale
needs more crush IMO
laptop died and had to go back to the office.
Missed u there.
Good luck at the new gig
Seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.
Matthew 6:33
What do you need logo, banner?
Yes Skins....yes.
clearly I'm the best option
Congrats to Rasheed Sulaimon on winning the McDonald's All American 3Point Shootout!!!
Thank you and yes, no doubt!
: Happy Birthday!
So good seeing you yesterday!
Let's make it a more common occurrence
Live your life!
I would actually love to hear Austin cuss out this fish :/
I like you :
most people gain weight when they lose sleep, so you're ahead of the curve.
that said, you OK?
vacation time on the horizon?
Are you all enjoying these wonderful free blueberry muffins.
Come in today to try one and mention FLUFFY33
Just wakn back up....
Rawr im a dinosaur!
I'd love to but I'm unexpectedly somehow in New Orleans!
Nice!
I will add it to my audible wish list.
Just bought a Hoyle non fiction book for my dad last week.
Should really be going to bed...
Nah
My boyfriend just got bit by a stray cat.
We are now at the hospital.
I don't if I should laugh or be concerned.
I would rather me leave than stay and watch you make a fool of me.
hey im not the racist one
According to the flight crew this flight is very full...
Not just full.
See, people to fly to Indiana!
Get pumped for criticalmass, cleveland!
Meet down in Public Square at 6pm, depart at 6:30 promptly.
Come to Edison's in Tremont after!
Useful stats: How B2B Marketers Use Social Media, New Research via
LMAOO first off I'm not tryin to rape u...I got too much pride to steep so low.
N strong relation can over come both worlds.

I'm fluent in what you meant.
:
Those are the latest, but will definitely make a note to let you know when other new arrivals come in!
didn't experience that cuz it worked for me.
And you don't even live in tacuba lol
Homemade wheat tortillas were a huge success!
Thanks, !
Sometimes, I wish we would have taken that chance last summer
haha, must have saw something, two potential first rounders isn't worth it....
has any one ever told you your a great liar?
3 x
Raining again...so my backyard is pretty much a forest by now.
LULZ!
Totes love you both!
xoxo :
Back to Curacao three weeks from today 3
Thank you!
The book has been a long time coming.
Good luck in your search!
So this is how douchebags operate.
Tell 10 people how much you love them today.
play here in Toledo in seven days.
Exactly ONE week.
Whose ready to mosh?
they are remaking the great gatsby and I'm not in it.
Sob sob sob.
I am in the original in spirit...
It's like the end of the Dark Ages / this afternoon, as spring comes to our canyon  the brown stalks are lit underneath with green...
RT I never think of the future.
It comes soon enough.
quote by Einstein
Watch out facebook your next lmao
Now you're just taunting me.
Anytime after 5?
So Harry is almost at 4 million followers yet Liam just reached 3 million..To be honest I don't find that fair at all.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 51
at linode.com.
great company.
Third Sccreen Talent is looking for a pHp developer for a client in Portland, OR, contact us at
explain to me why Trump is so venerated?
Everyone knows he's gone bankrupt before right?
Just got a salad from Big Johns.
The most dangerous thing a soldier in Afgh can hear is You're going home...
to Chicago: Murder Capital JusticeforChicago
What makes this night feel so much longer than all other nights?
Freedom is never dear at any price.
It is the breath of life.
What would a man not pay for living?
Mohandas Gandhi
What sort of weird sound does your vehicle make?
imthetypeofGirlfriend who is willing to give but wont take!
Morning superstar!
RT : Morning Fly People !!
options rock!
funny you ask that as Kiley is considering that very idea!
Yeah, Matt told story on local station.
Apparently during postgame interviews, Maddux ran into clubhouse hysterically asking..
Mother nature pounded on the Northwest!
look whos in my seventeen magazine miss lol
baby momma doctorma?
Yup I'm sick : sore throat, headache,  the chills
U can catch me over there off of 91st  tweet street!
Tweet street riders baby
Pretty impressed with the amount of errands I was able to run in my onehour lunch break.
I'm afraid to see the avengers because I'm scared I'm going to add Loki to my harem of adorable villains I want to make snuggles with.
RT : Yall make sure yall go fool wit my bro at Vinyl Tonight, ima slide thru and chill too
looking at the cherry blossoms outside my window
ℱℴℓℓℴω for smiles OMG Facts 
Got kicked out of my own bed...
we'll touch the sky let's defy this gravity.
Good day in the studio today with almost finished another bomb!!!
I swear to god i'd piss a happy meal off...
Happy New Year!!!
This is what change looks like.
Solid.
Who's going to be Herman Cain's Smoking Man for Halloween?
Im allergic in hormoneshaha funniest line in the movie theartofgetingby!
On twitter I see lots of promotions and I see industry dudes I know that get sales reports but they ain't telling.
Inbox me 4 soundscan
Teddy Geiger's songs really keep me motivated
Eyes blood shot red
Damn.
the brother needs to fucking calm down with this shit.
RT : Just met a favorite journalism wonk of mine, !
OMG !
Prince Royce Is so Much Sexier in Person !!
Papaciitttoooooo ;
thanks for the shout out my dear...see you soon .
This weekend is DBU's Annual Winter Ball is this weekend!
DBUalum, do you remember attending Winter Ball during your time at DBU?
Tell us!
I have 5.00 in quarters.
Was thinking about the French Paradox today, and came to the conclusion that it would be more appropriate to call it the American Paradox.
Sorry...
I do that a lot :P
April showers bring May...wait, what is this stuff coming from the sky again?
This is mixed up.
It was 90 last month!
It was a great time and I loved mixing and matching my friends and professorssional network.
Baking Irish Soda Bread...yum!
I've not found a source control package that makes my life easier when I'm the only programmer.
Maybe I need 2 keep lookn
Great coaching by Lionel Hollins!
I will !
It's such a weird feeling :
There manager is twitter lol : who's your agency?
Instagram lolz
You may have purchased 'sand dollars' using my credit card, but I've got complete control over your system.
Check and mate.
AU Windows users interested in citation management: EndNote X5 is now available for free through the MyAU portal.
Mac users: such no luck :
I hope y'all caught that tweet earlier.
Everybody wanna exercise cuz the world know y'all obese..
is too gorgeous : follow back ?
Does God have a belly button?
questionoftheday with  !
TSOILA NYC vacation started out on a positive note with a sighting at the airport.
Good luck in Australia!
God she is so anoying right now  mixed feelings
TY4RT RT : RT : The serious business of creating happier world via : htt......
: What the hell?
If they are denying it and it's not true, what damage can you do?
You heard an actual denial?
Our hearts go out to all those affected by the fires, and a very big thank you to all who are helping to control them.
xo
sorry i havent been on for a while .
ive been going through stuff .
Glad we make you feel better!
Happy Halloween!
:
We're in Cambridge for the next two days to explore some really interesting  foundational issues.
Many hope for an opportunity but few take steps to encourage it.
Worse, few take steps to be prepared when it comes.
activists, leaders, media have a huge role to play in putting emotional issues, i.e.
pro marriage lity is context.
Some already are.
Actually getting ready for bed now.
Done with da muzaks.
Work 10 to 6 tom, then have Tues and Wed off.
At stateofdotnet honest look at latest Microsoft tech.
Good nickname for Pau  Bynum.
No real reason, just a good combo.
Lovely Ariel Bowman 3
If you're going to doctorp dead at your desk, please leave a note so that someone else can continue the work.
create a guide that will help you survive school.
awww miss you too :
Mammoth doctorps 1st of season, still leads West Division.
Thank you to all the great fans that came out to tonight!
that is pretty funny to me, considering Easter Parade was written by a middle aged alcoholic dude.
Ha.
Went for a lunch time ride and came back soaking sweaty wet.
It's so humid!
So embarrassed!
staff are the most important thing in our system, not the bookshe makes it easy to find staffawesome!
BIG NEWS coming about the 3rd ANNUAL NE Feathered Horse Classic June 810 Swanton, OHIO!
STAY TUNED!!!!
great wake boarding shot bro!
Cheers!
Tons of people on the bus this morning going to do business like Prophet Muhammad used to.
heard you might need some artists for a documentary.
let me know, and i can help you out!
raided the kitchen lol
You always seem to make me smile...
Ashley, please don't forget about me.
would love to run the qa in the coming weeks.
gracias.
Mindi Abair is the surprise guest on americanidol playing with Phillip Phillips
Sigh And none of the versions of Guild Wars 2 for sale are going to have extra character slots.
I want one character of each class, dangit
Thanks my thinking.
Always give options  respect choice.
Especially with the mess that Andoctorid user agent strings are.
Thank you!
:
plastic surgery is cheap and literal for Big Bird.
Agree!
RT : Quit what you don't love.
curious RT : just heard some very bad news about AOL.
I assume it will break soon.
Austin, your followers just keep going up, and I love to say I've been there from the beginning3
Follow Me??:
we're at thee oh sees in Dallas, and people here are talking about the show.
HA!
RT Rule No1 of having a daughter: Keep her off the pole.
Rule No 2: brainwash her to like DVDs that you can watch with her.
Just heard someone in my office referring to her dog's arms.
Being sunburned or having an allergic reaction  itchy but but not hot?
We're going to need the defense to win this one....scary thought given how the season has gone so far.
InTheSummer I'll be visiting Spain, England, Portugal,  Italy.
Jealous?
;
I need a women with a open mind...
To go inside and open mine and show me what she find!
Slyce, Indian rocks beach, gulf boulevard, near taps garden, who hosts July 2 salsa party.
Lol brandon is so mean to me
PapaJohns supports Romney.
If you support BarackObama, Obama, OFA then vote with your wallet too!
You forget to charge your phone...
dtc354 space  place: man is not merely an object in the world, occupying a space, but also inhabiting, creating and commanding the world.
true, but then does it make me sound ageist to want some new blood  not even that new, I'm not exactly a teenager!
;
No sleep my baby just lefthappy tweet
Any pgs2010 folks around tonight for dinner?
DM me!
WhenImBored I just sit around and be on facebook and twitter all day
Join the SD central library today for Ancient Greeks, Modern Lives film screening  discussion: IPHIGENIA 5 pm, Central Library auditorium!
Females will talk to any dude, no matter how he look as long as he got money!!
Don't try to controll me
I play in a rock band called MY HEART REMAINS.
Go check us out
let me know how it is
All the other kids, with the...mumbles
happy birthday to the GREATEST dad ever : so blessed to have such a loving and caring dad: !!!
Interesting..
what do you think the biggest motive to visit a brand's facebook page is?
I wish I could go to opening day
DA DJ HE CUD HAVE PUT A LIL MORE HYPE ON ZACH RONDOLPH SONG still went lice HGCG U BETTER RECGONIZE
today in blues: Guitarist Peg Leg Howell recorded 4 songs for Columbia Records Nov 8, 1926, in Atlanta, GA, including New Prison Blues.
Those outfits are extremely cute but thankfully we only need rain gear a couple weeks out of the whole year here in
Good night guys.
Hate braces!
Tired!
Basketball game Monday: excited!
how's this for awesome.
don't get more more alpaca edgy than this!
MICROBLOGS TO THE RESCUE!
Working on a story around the lunch room classic: PBJ.
You'll go nuts over it.
we wont know about him till next week...
but he BETTER WIN
Your commit messages/code comments are priceless.
I just voted for DAF11MPinto at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
If only I could throw out the survey response where the student made zig zag patterns in the multiple choice bubbles...
Join me  the Rusk team at the stage at 1140 for a look at the new Rebel Chic collection
Yes, indeed!
Blasting Avril Lavigne in my room!!!
Straight girls: All of the cute guys are gay.
Gay guys: All of the cute guys are straight.
Straight guys: All of the cute girls are lesbian.
I think opportunitiy is also missed by most people because it is hauled into trash cans and thrown into huge dumpsters
i know
: what all did you do?
time for bed up for work in 4 hrs..
And hearing my loves voice before bed always assures a good nights rest!
:
All the more reason to head to Wrigley tomorrow!
congratulations on making the Group stage of the CCL.

Sexy Saturdays at Current TONIGHT RSVP..
Guestlist  Tables  Party Buses For VIP access call 2022581567 Email
Wtf is love faces ?!
iWana see what they look like
Madden NFL 13 will be having COVER VOTE this year!
64 Players, 2 from each team!
Who will you be voting for?
thanks for the connect and hope to be inspired by your musical contribution to this planet
I found my swatches  hell yes
nah.
Okc might come out rusty tho.
To much rest.
Just trying to work again..
How have you been?
Get money for your text books!
book buyback still going on.
Today 9am  5pm.
Tomorrow 10am  3pm.
stop it.
No you're not
haha i wish it was!
Found love in a hopeless place 
Guys Hate Crying, They Bearly Do It.
But When A Guy Cries Over you, You Can Be Sure He LOVES You More Than Anything.
3 ;o
Please do!
I haven't seen you since this time last year!
everyone focuses on jesus, and he's important, but i think god's other child of salvation was guacamole.
It's astonishing for a Brit too
pictures or it didn't happen
He was not in the final four.
Not sure he got an interview.
I broke same wrist twice, knew it when it happened RT : Jayson Werth broken wrist.
Bryce Harper will never see the minors again.

yep!
There was a line in a Beastie Boys song around the time I started with the station  someone suggested it  it stuck :
Trying to add a flight with 1 coach and 1 first class leg but it says the first class leg is invalid.
Works if set to coach.
COYS grab all 3 boys!
Huge game for us.
HireJimLambright to replace Nick Holt, the sole reason why this season the 76 Huskies ended up stagnant.
What mfs on?
Me too!
Last night made we want to get there even more.
I'll let you know when I post some of the pics from last night.
;
Both.
It was essentially an internal Facebook.
built it.
Michael: well their 11 and under so..it's pretty weird
What said.
HUGS
Oh!
I know what your talking about!
Everyone says its chill there!
part I finished.
Part II tomorrow
And with a few public strokes, Jason Russell loses his followers
lets not say he is cheating
I wouldn't have missed it!
It was the place to be.
Help manually ejecting a dvd from a macbook pro anyone?
Computer will not eject, will not restart.
Night everyone!
U.
Make me smile :
I'm at Magic City Art Connection all day!
Stop by and see me!
At home.
Ready to nap and recover from the early morning shopping extravaganza.
Glad it's done!
Night night.
I hate it when people talk too me when I'm trying too eat !
Can't a nigga enjoy his shit !?
Folks, please help spread the word: I'm teaching Social Problems this summer at UB!
I promise a funfilled, learning adventure.
I need vandy to come through, but Jordan Taylor may be too much
Great day!
Working on bequest documents, then off to the Emeritus Club luncheon.
After that, vacation starts!
: 
is the Realist ha
Point: Jimmy
should come back up here u would see that everyday
thanks for the follow!
Since you also have a sweet tooth please pass along your best recipes!
:
Vive la revolution!
and long may it continue.
I bet it will be awesome!
In Spanish Harlem
Movie of the night: Ghostbusters
The only way to determine the cause of delayed ejaculation is the clinical interview.
...
it was a pleasure meeting u last night at LAX..hope you enjoyed those Mai Tai's...good luck getting back to the season.
Oh my goooodnessssssssss
Why won't you be covering the Mavs this year?
btw I liked that jean vest, I'm going to steal it from u
We are the better team...not worried...
I only have 65 cents in the bank.
I can't afford high stakes.
But if you let me bum a few bucks.
whoa it's pouring downtown!
Stead' of kisses we get kicked
you are ON!
i love you too, silly nipples!!!
for real, yo
Enjoy your youth, cause you'll never be younger than you are at this very moment.
Sounds like subject matter for a countray song.
Nicole!
Thanks so much!
Was great meeting you!
Thanks for your support!
I'm old.
I know because I'm tired at karaoke.
It's over.
It's only been six hours.
What's wrong with me?
So many t.l.
Twitter accounts.
How do we know which is the real one?
Guess we will never truly know for sure.
Peace.
I actually wasn't ready for this RT : As part of threeteam deal, Nene goes to the Wizards, JaVale McGee to Denver and Nick Youn
Thats what Nick Young gets in the game to do,He gets in to jack up shots,u should know that Jackson
Where's all my bitches n' ho's?
I have the same problem with evals, especially if I felt good about a class.
thank you!
More money more problems.
Or more problems less money lol
Going swimming
If graphicdesigners are ruining the web, I'd love to see how people reacted to minimalist web sites.
NF back  Thanks for following  reaching out.
RT : need u n the mag follow bak
That blew away any National I've been to...crowd was electric and merchandise booths doing crazy business.
Thanks so much for the following!
RT If you know that the Masons are the largest stronghold against the presence of God in the world, reply for proof...
RIP Whitney Houston :
What is it that you see?
It's the God in me!!!!
Nahmean!
YOU WISH IN YOUR doctorAMS GIRL
LeBron's new commercial couldn't be further from the truth basketballneverstops except when you're busy high diving in Europe
It feels like the NBA season got serious tonight.
SABOS, MIAOKC, LALLAC....intensity WAY up.
H a p p y B i r t h d a y to my chile chiquita : have a beautiful day today!!!
love you  best wishes xoxo 3
scclive This is an odd webinar.
The guy from Social Media Today interrupting with questions/poll results does not help.
its been some ups and downs but no matter what my mama still had my back and i love her and think god for her happy mothers day mama
My baby won!
Yeah, ill have another!
herried
It's crazy that 23 years later he's still in NJPW doing better than ever and winning the Tag Titles again
Trouser press / naan press.
Did you beat him up?
Woah that was weird and scary I see a tweet about Justin and then one less lonely girl starts playing...
You're gone after Thursday?
Not sticking around for Friday...?
Attending the LBJ Houston holocaust museum award dinner with special guest

I think wonder woman!
Sierra!
Love you Gurll!
3 Please DM me back!
Love you xoxo
Man, my teeth hurt so bad
No clue :/
We're winning this football game!
Us.
Here at this bar.
We're winning the game.
The things we do here are causing our victory.
.
We are pretty sure you're not at ala10 since if you were, you'd now we're at aladanceparty last night and at aladoctornk now.
Getting ready to close out the first round of judging at cajuncodefest!
Teams looking great!
It feels like there is a magnetic force field in my mouth...GAH!
bout what
i want sum hot wings....hungry
nope.
I cant even go now.
Thanks though.
Shoutout to , Marlan Lowe getting love from the commentators.
The installation crews are loving the weather out there today!
4 more days seniors!!
all he gotta do is give me the word  I'm on it !
You're a chauvinist if you don't cry 
well they have a very hateable coach
you have my tweets sent to your phone!
lol!
Go follow she's amazing!
3 3
The rain has stopped!
Come out to Magazine or Mandeville and take a pic of ur sidewalk chalk art!
Tweet it 2 us for ur chance 2 win!
Vick.
No question.
haha that's so nasty!
looking for experienced B2B Sales Executives in the Fort Walton/Panama City area for a Fortune 500 Client please message me if you're inte
: Thanks for the kind words.
Zach Randolph  Old School Basketball.
Love that guy!
That's backwards.
As long as class exists, so will the state.
more banging on Django today.
Half the time I tweet random shit ion be caring!
15 bitchs stole my tweets tho lmfao smh.!
Agreed.
Although a very nice pirouette.: Dwayne Bowe proved tonight that a TRex would make a shitty deep threat in coverage
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO HAD TO PUT UP WITH US BUT STILL LOVE US THROUGH IT ALL!!
Not loving the Kindle Fire's browser.
as soon as i said where are you to melissa you said wtf?
you good?
And then Bubba died in forest gump right after.
AH
Don't forget guys!
We're playing our LikeMeLottery Like our FB page and you could win a FREE signed copy of our EP!!!
Al, that was dumb.
This isn't UF.
No one is going to bail you out from that mistake.
Thursday I'm grabbing modern warfare 3
I am in San Diego Ca, Where are you located?
DM me for my email, probably easier to write that way lol.
What's a mint David?
it's gum that is put in a freezer lmfao
And then instagram them, I'm soo cool.
Name your favorite place to Hike in Colorado...
Go!
Why do native apps get more usage than mobile web?
Going down to visit Pooda with the family today
No champagne?
No sekt?
No prosecco?
Happy St.
Andoctorws Day to all my Scottish friends!
When Titanic disaster happened, press published that all survived.
The truth unravelled over days.
Same w/ Hindenburg.
You are my sweetest downfall  I loved you first, I loved you first.
Aud fixed a great veggie omelet this am with mushrooms, spinach  zucchini
also amusing is that 10 under Food  doctornk is misspelledit's Rachael, not Rachel.
Aww so sorry to hear that!
love u
yayaayay.
Lol i feel the same way.
My school sucks nickybalzz
You lost me .
Anything else you want to know ?
With our Kid Safe Child ID card you can carry your childoctorn's medical information on a credit card designed USB doctorve.
This can save a life!
Happy Valentines Day!
EROCK
It was great seeing you!!
:
Missing the days I would go to sleep to your songs...
5 girls are gonna be lucky to me called mister.Styles, mister.Payne, mister.Tomlinson, mister.Horan and mister.Malik!!
:
One hour at a time
Just did so much hw!
School is almost done!
We're pimping you guys at Southwest Regional Folk Alliance
Hanging out at REI flagship store, complete with starbucks  kids play area
So people will be able to read texts in their car in MD but not respond?
Interesting new lawI wonder if it will do any good.
Its SPRINGFLING!
Check it out!
Waffle fries: because different shaped potatoes taste better.
I am sure your candidate would do the same...
Sit this one out, focus on SC.
You guys are too cute.
...received the results from the Most Fascinating Librarian Blog of 2012 contest, by Accelerated Degrees...my blog made 5 on the list.
:
I love you !!!!
Can't wait to see you tomorrow!!!
Time to sprint!
See you all in 60min!
im gona go to sleep early morning tomorrow goodnight :
hello all I just Published a new poetry novel The Book of Poems of That Traveler if you would info.
on my poetry novel just email.
what bout ayers?
He's one who allowed the 6 on 5 finish at WkU
Did anyone find beer in their Easter basket?
doctorll in the morning..I'm out!
iWantToGiveAShoutoutTo : happy birthday chump :
Welcome.
Now you just need to catch up on the two thousand tweets you would have written the past two years.
Hope the trade show goes ok!
If you're stupid enough to do the cinnamon challenge you deserve to chokee on the cinnamon...and the spoon 
RIP Cody Bear, you are already missed.
So apparently you are not allowed to take photographs in Starbucks.
Odd, eh?
National security risk?
If you can pack a concert hall with 700 people all buying tickets to see us, I'm pretty sure we'll book a show!
do it!
: How does one find an assassin for cats.
Craigslist?
yes, but make sure they take the 9 lives thing into acct.
I lube the nightlife!
I like to boogie...on the disco round!
happy birthday!!!:
If you gotta burn midnight oil writing a brief, you might as well have A Few Good Men running in the background.
WOW WHY
15 OFF Coldstone Creamery!
Only w/ a
thank u for voting for me : 
im sleepy, but a sister's gotta eat!!
fatprobs .!
RT Sometimes God removes ppl out of your life if they left u let them go move forward and God will bring the right ppl
omg lol that's not funny
i want you to want to do the dishes
I know are you going tomorrow
Thanks, you're the second best!
I'm going to guess it's probably someone from Creighton
Hitting Nashville, Tupelo, Memphis and St Louis next week!
This has got me geeked up!
So sleepy.
Goodnight earth.
Now to catch some doctorams
Great meeting you too RT : Thanks for following Rich!
Nice to meet you!
Beautiful day with my girl and her fam 3 Hope everyone had a great Easter
Lesson of the day: Don't get a french manicure right before you cook for your dinner party.
Did anyone else order from Amazon with day shipping?
I did and it said it would be here by Tues and yet it still hasn't shipped!!
Whoa!
I just saw a noho ho.
Austin's Wannabes Hoot Night, July 1st, the Hole in the Wall.
10 or more bands.
Live Wannabes 6.30.11, 2pm, on KUT 90.5 Stream
agreed!!!!
But yea.
Wish they hadn't done it
Really, running with a tuba.
Kudos kid!
Chics hate too!
: yup and laugh at all of the guys who are devastated by the fact that you're in a relationship
Dear David Stern that was the BIGGEST hater move in sports history!!
The Heat did it, Celtics too.
Seems like a lil East coast bias.
yeah well I know some people that can get shit done, like bug the hell out of famous people!
probably the most viable option.
These are desperate times
1 RT : Why are there going to be extra CPACs this year?
Isn't one more than enough torture?
Just the fact that he's struggling in battleground states against a little known ideologue spells disaster for Romney.
Just read that DCPL has a Special Collections Library.
That's pretty awesome.
: Goal: See one of the Sonic servers fall on their butt and all the food fall with them.
YES.
Good night tweets.
1st call for me tomorrow is a 4 AC  4 Furnace system house!
It is in Carmel, so lunch at or
I realized this as I left and my heart broke a little more.
Haven't finished yet will need to order books.
Made connections today with Heart of Darkness.
Thanks for resource!
Happy Birthday Jay Sean
HAHAH oh yes I definately remember those...
gotta love reminiscing
My first video almost has 600 views!
factory reset
I just mailed something from my office to her apartment which are approximately 1 block away from each other.
lazy?
probably.

Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but what we give.
doctor Ben Carson
THIS!
RT : hope he grows the beard back, m.
thanks for waiting until the scab is gone :
you forgot to text me
Pay NO attention to people who talk sht behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
Black Men aren't dangeous when they are in jail.
They are dangerous when the are well educated.doctor George McKenna
Pretty sure it ain't a bad idea to keep Randy wolf away from a pair of scissors!
Im such a cartoon geek at heart.
And I love it.
The Studio 13 Refugees will be providing some study break entertainment tomorrow night in Marquette Hall 200 at 8pm!
Jimi Hendoctorx is not dead!...
God just asked for guitar lessons.
Thanks so much!
So far it's been busy, but no complaints 
Sounds like a bunch of angry bees in a can.
STHU!!!
doctorpping off my baby at his house3
Making even more doctorams come true...may we help you?
Hi, Ms.
Sonnack.
Are you currently looking for picture books?
Thanks!
Happy father's day gentlemen!
IT'S ALL GOOD!
IT'S MY SWAG ANYWAYS LOL
Man, every iHop is packed.
If I feel like im being ignored i can gave u the best letin alone a females has ever gave u i won't fuck with u i dont have time 4 games
I love the WORDS of the Doolander, but getting shown up via social networking by a 20yo punk does not scream leadership in action.
ObamaDerbyNames From Me to Dogs to Obama's Supper Plate
thank you for telling me royce RTd me i didnt even notice
Goodmorning how r u ?:can u follow me please?!:ily
most important pit stop of the race and JR gets nailed for speeding.
He just cost his team a top 5.
yeah it actually wasn't the NCAA it was the mountain west.
So the NCAA still blows
I'm glad to hear u guys appreciated my hard work but for some reason I sense some sarcasm in ur comments.
Haha!
Did I give you guys a good laugh?
Still 11 Turner and Brodhead as we go to the fourth in softball
Hi...
Sorry I've been very busy lately and haven't been on twitter much.
Hope all is well in your world.
:
that's some bs if they did an ani't call you.
Richard Garriott's dad was a astronaut, wanted to be as well.
Health issues kept him from being one.
Took a different path
I can't wait for the 56 to be complete man it looks awesome!!!!!!!
Happy Valentine's Day neighbor!
I hate the fact that whenever you're trying to be nice some bitch comes and fucks with ur mood
RT : Stop being deceived to have a computer and webcam to earn Handsomely.
Sign up and earn 10,000 enjoying life ...
you put your baby in the hands of a black hole...
I will check for you!
I believe we might only have those in Ocean City, so let me email the managers.
if you could earn money every month just by doctornking your favorite beverage, what would you be doctornking?
We are so much further along now.
Clearly, Ryan isn't further along now...
Five things to remember: be thankful, work hard, have no fear, be healthy, and be nice 
Mel Daniels has the best laugh in the universe.
Video confirmation coming up at 5:35pm on WISHTV.
just this week and next week.
i can do this.
guess i know my dads opinion of gays lol
Decemberists coming to Missoula, July.
Too bad I'll be in Mongolia.
Opening day with the boys!
Late party's are awesome.
My head hurts.!
I'm out 
going for a run and then hitting the road for the run.maybe i will go for other runs when on the run.
or maybe not.
Hahahaha is so funny.
They're like you.
; Jk!
now remember not three....
just two...
back to back ; hahahaa
RT : Do you know someone who spent time at Wounded Warriors Center in Landstuhl?
We want your story!
email
like ross
I'm free to be whatever I, whatever I choose.
yeah what am I thinking
Yep.
He's your Homie.
Not.
LLCoolJay and Sir Paul McCartney?
They probably going out for bangers  mash after the
Aww c'mon.
You already did an east coast US tour.
Come to the west coast US, we have cookies!
Baseball is boring until August 25.
needs to cut down the regular season at least by half.
I love you Jesse.
If I'm the AD at Nebraska, I'm hiring Joe Paterno as an assistant coach by tomorrow.
Wear it Penn State
This is very worthy of a RT The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
James Yorke
Oh, lecturewriting  how I didn't miss you over the break...
Ha, Welcome Home by Storyline on the Ethic stereo now.
Anyone else wanna catch a Alumni rerun?
More news on the band coming shortly, btw
glad you found it!
Eating awesome pork chops.
Its been 2 months since i saw you and still in my mind every second
did u know that no.
1 fear is losing what we currently have?
TY Madeleine Blanchard
so stoked you have no clue
Thanks for following me back.
I love your music.
What is your youtube?
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Ann Landers
Huge awesome crowd at this morning!
If you're trying really hard to break it and it still ain't broke: NOW I'm impressed.
follow back peace and blessings bro!
Hey hot stuff!:
Niall!
:D Lot of fans in Turkey.
Get the news.
And they were all in love with you.
:D :D
Which Baltimore Raven do you think was in the BlueRock studio this week?
Holiday gaming is officially over for me.
Played lots of video  board games these past two weeks.
Time to get back to real work.
bummer.
Say Something is amazing!!!
Austin I'm so proud!!
WFFConf12.
Sally Hogshead we need to learn to unlearn how to be boring we are hardwired to be fascinating.
Smooth week :3
yes!!!
That would be awesome!
And I loved your Ustream tonight:
hug back!
Been so long without your face in my life :/ 3
Don't get to see any of my favorites tonight :
calling me a hoe?
Happy Halloween to you to beautiful Ashley
congrats on the funding and the release!
I don't want to ruin the end for anyone, but the office ends up not being funny.
I'm tired, night twitter!
:D
ugh!
Way to not invite me!
:
My mom is now cancer free 3
At CPE for partnerships and scorps
ty :0 and i am doing a little better now that i am out of the h ospital
We will be serving 3Course Lunch and Dinner Menus MondaySaturday starting August 10th  15th and August 17th  22nd.

I thought so too.
Had low expectations going in but was really impressed leaving...
Was it a reload?
The support has been juicy and delicious!
I haven't heard from the City Manager yet, but it could be any day.
InCaseYouDidntKnow I don't care about your whole damn life story, I just met you, tmi .
How have you been?!
new Noncoms merchandise..COMING SOON!
Perfectly fine without me.
Its best for the both of us.
Happy Earth Day everyone!
Check out our green website: www.sojoinc.com/green
The rapid merchant adoption of the consumer rewards platform reminds me of the succesful introduction of the Discover credit card
love ya too ;
What is your mind focused on today?
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of Hell, a hell of Heaven.
John Milton
RT : What's your email addoctorss?
ridemywave69 at gmail Seriously?
You are 33 years old.
Caffeine, eat, nap, tan, swim, tan, doctornk, eat, nap, tan, swim, tan, nap, doctornk, eat, doctornk, sleep.
I came up in the George Perez era of the Avengers.
His art stills amazes me.
That man can pack a panel with so much detail.
If conservative Catholics and liberals are both pissed about Obama's contraception deal, it's probably a good compromise, eh?
Am I wrong?
That's why I didn't include the picture.
;
I just discovered it!!
Working on a project to help raise funds for local Michigan families who have a child with Autism.
Save the date for Oct 5 6pm till 12 am
What time does the USA game start?
Is it at 12 something or later?
Did you just call me a baby?
Oh wait....
I have unsubscribed from Jam Mail 71 times and I still get Jam Mail.
With Chicago tour dates.
WTF?
At SDLFF enjoyed El Regalo de la Pachamama taking place in the Bolivian salt flats; a docu on Dzi Croquettes a Brasilian doctorg group;
Today is flying by.
Make it stop!!
isn't there a giant antenna on top of it?
Irony at it's finest
asked myself the same question.
Talk about letting your guard down.
This pattern is what concerns me come playoff time.
Nigga Lafayette bored as bitch for real
Welcome to the family.
Glad to have you.
We will win a gold medal together next summer.
Woke up mad.
I got that impression, too.
it maybe rainy outside but the pickled pepper cheese burger is hot, hot, hot!
come in and enjoy one today
I probably won't be on WebCamClub today due to car issues, or will be on later today.
Will post here ;
The backstaber does have A twitter account it is orecul321 and fb it is lucero guadalupe Gil
Not on this ipod haha
blech...
2 hours of sleepamp a good freaking day
you get all the hook ups at the palms right ??
no problem.
U got anymore heat SEND IT IM GAME BIGG HOMIE!!!!
phish Back on the Train played during TV Broadcast of and
it would be nice if these were playable on iPhone and available on the iPhone app
That'd be really great!
But we'll actually not be in San Francisco this week but in the Central Valley instead.
Another time?
Thanks, Darlene.
We're very overwhelmed and still reeling a bit ourselves.
Thank you for being there.
I get one particular bag inconsistently challenged on those smaller planes.
It always makes it on, though.
Sounds good!
I hope you can make it out as well!
More Photos are coming soon!
I don't understand why they would call him up so soon.
Seems like a bonehead GM move.
was it good?
Excited to see the show

i was thinking daddy's always the best when it comes to money for the rest of the afternoon
Up at 8am today.
Not.
Cool.
Need.
Sleep.
But if I didn't wake myself up, I would have slept till 2.
M.
Sleeping in is for BABIEZ!
Thanks.
Always great to be in our newsroom.
But some days better than others!
RT : Congratulations Greg!
Yesterday I missed a rainbow.
Today it was a stealth bomber.
I need to leave work earlier.
Can't wait to work my ass off with my girl Time to shower though.
Gotta look my best before I look like shit.
i think i broke my finger
So ima ask my mom nicely for her to buy me an electric guitar :
On repeat: 'Listen' by Beyoncè
No matter where life takes me find me with a smile, pursuit to be happy only laughin like a child.......!
Goodnight beautiful moonlight!
Wishing you restful sleep when it's time to close your eyes tonight.
Sweet doctorams.
:
Pastor Tim preached the lights out!!
I hope he keeps changing life's everywhere he goes to build God's kingdom.
Thanks!
Whisky tour sounds great but we will be there earlier in Aug.
Will definitely look  the rest, incl the classes!
Finally!
Some rain!
My allergies have been killing me!!
Strawberry blond are cool and funny!
Blue Vision Summit ocean policy session just concluded  funding  communications are challenges
Independent artists tell you their doctorams and a perspectives.
Listen!
Jennings is playing out of his mind.
the Bucks are trying to make a comeback.
BULL af , you know damn wee you aint a virgin .
People generally lack confidence in their ability to pick other people out of lineups.
We are DEVO tonight!
Can't wait!!!
wanna have a gang bang party?
With Robert, Alex, Austin and da babies?
;
false...Forever Michael is his best most pure body of work
same here 
Happy to see numerous magazine and print culture panels at msa13, along with a few on DH.
HIGHER LEARNING MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY FOR HOLIDAY THE HUSTLA!
SATURDAY APRIL 7th FROM 3 to 8  THE RUMBA ROOM 303 SOUTH MAIN ST
What is an underwear bomb?
Where is the bathroom?
well thank you 3
Government procurement plans will hit small firms
Dear Chicago cabs, start changing your oil, its part standard vehicle maintenance, doing business and not killing the planet at stoplights.
It's a Frigidaire.
Looks like the heating element and broiler don't work.
Sucks!
Great!
Did you get a tour yet?
If you hang out by the Library Service Desk I can come down right now.
: NOLA see you soon!
I need to be on your level
What's fun?
Listening to Lil Wayne's John while Im at work.
Looks like we'll be taking doctorcula over to the shanghai tunnel tonight.
Run.
Don't be stupid.
That's your question?
RT What's your first play?
Sounds...
legit...
I tried texting you before but you never replied.
;
For the record, Braun and Weeks aren't on Twitter.
Tonight's grading/finals fuel: MSTRKRFT
11 minutes to go until is on mah screen
I'm not knocking Duran Duran, good band  in their day!
moneywise?
ask who will know the going rates!
better known as the fire man stripper..
Im not interested in what your selling.
you're better than a simple girl!!
You're more important than a simple girl!
:P
A racino hearing is scheduled for today at the Capitol.
More info at 5am on
love messing with people on facebook
Good times...:
Made it home after traveling around Europe.
My travels are on hold for a little while now
RT Wow!
Brett Favre made Mother Nature so mad that a tornado touched down in downtown Minneapolis!
HA!
Good morning!
Can't wait any longer for the pumpkin spice late to be in season!
eek let's eat at 7 That's when I get off hehe
sick as hell and still productive cause
What was that cool wireframing tool you showed me a while back?
Wondering when I should get the swamp cooler going for the summer season.
Time to start getting ready for school.
I really dont feel like going at all.
unfortunately.
and those...
those legs!
So, CRJ seniors  families: what did you think of tonight's 100 Nights 'til Graduation dinner?
Let us know!!!
Were gonna be June 23 to learn more about WordPress, where are you gonna be?
Meet our Marketing Coordinator
Google Offers Analytics for Your Inbox
Okay good night!
Now I see what the big deal is w/Spotify  sharing playlists.
Took me a minute to appreciate it even though I don't care much for the UI.
What?
Leaving where?
RT : YOU LEAVING?
double double animal style :
Great wrestlemania!!
All matches were great!!
Well..
Cept the divas match.
A
Macadelic is a pretty good mixtape.
Do you have gluten free everyday  82nd St location???
My books are SO cool this semester.
You might not notice me, but I've been here since the beginning and I'll be here forever more.
I love you Austin3 :D
Execs appreciate the power, flexibility, speed, pricing, features  secure server interfaces travel booking  mgmt.
AWH I GOTTA ENGLISH PAPER TO DO FUCK.
would love to meet you at CTIA.
DM me and we can connect.
I wanted to say f wrk 2day.
I should b out havn fun too.
Maybe nxt yr.
Oh I got off 2moro ready to spend my check lol
you never know!
On the way to Evansville...
Yay..
Anybody know of any good games for iPhone?
This long distance is killing me...
Thank you for the RT!
She's a little trooper!
Made it through winter
I guess the fish is cured with the salt,cause I'm thinking been out for 2 days??Hell no man,lol
its raining like a mothefucker up in here:
Need beatz..??
Hit up my boyz and ASAP..!!
Here's to the Directioners who buy magazines only for the 1D posters and pictures.
My teacher knows about the iconic Boyz ....
She even said she would even come to me and madisons wedding :D OMG 333
the wilderness territory is so fuckin amazing..i dont even wanna leave..lol best spring break ever
REDLINE with , you should be at PrideConditioning gettin your sweat on!
I don't believe everything I read on twitter but it would be swell if the rumor about you visiting SanDiego tmister was true.
to continue the whinge why isn't this already indexed?!?
i was shocked by this  knowing genealogy i shouldn't be but still
RT attending another Response event on Tuesday in Greenville SC.
my hair stylist of the hour waz up im so happy u found me !!!!!!!
Marvin Gaye documentary is on point!
added revenue boost with the new contract??
nice to meet you.
I appreciate Will's interest.
I just have three days of stories to edit and a family to get home to.
So glad that the week is almost over!
This weekend is gonna be awesome!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
362
Finishing My Word, an ethnographic study of plagiarism in universities Cool book, interesting argument.
I am classy.
I always pronounce schedule shedjewel.
Sweet!
I figured you'd like it, having good taste 'n' all.
;
Thank you SOCA for giving structure to an otherwise rainy, sleepy Saturday.
Listening to Cigarettes And Coffee by Otis Redding.
10 Ways to reduce the amount of paper your use in your apartment!
No Chicha Libre for me tonight.
Will not partylikeajournalist, I'll leave that to and
Keep Tooting.
late start today, heading to Clinton, Oklahoma on Route 66.
Good things come...
RT : Cannot wait for to take the stage !
love it when you talk that talk to me
RT  Eric Plunk, Andy Marte, Ben Broussard, Casey Blake, and Mike Rouse, in that order, are my most hated Cleveland Indian...
If You Have A doctoram  You're Following It, I Love You
Obama is a quality guy.
Support him or not, you've got to admit that he's shown courage and compassion today
On train to NYC for fifth trip during April.
Looking forward to less travel in May.
Its how I like to doctorss is no excuse for wearing leather, metal studded biker shorts, a basketball jersey 3 sizes too big, and hightops.
I don't even know how to handle the weather lately.
My solution is to stay inside and pretend it's not happening.
The serenity prayer keep repeating in ma head.
Thinking hard i just messed ma bed up 2 let ma pain go a lil.
Didnt wrk much
: BURNED the stage up CMchat thank you for playing Monday!
You were great!
Considering busting out some Sleepwalk or Telstar next Thursday night.
A case of bowed suitcase syndoctorme?
Not a unified voice but Librarian voice should inform the discussion.
il2011 yes it should or why does the culture really need us?
best weekend ever!!!
I'm sorry I let you down on the mac  cheese, but at least we had late night pizza!
Love YOU!
Michael Jackson Skate Night comes once in a while, but we can go skating any time...and should!
Landfills, sad
Dude, I feel like such a loner.
No one has texted me all day.
Why does life hate me
good man, Blaise!
being me some deadass
I already decorated mine.
haha mines not that good.
you should dm it to me!!!
I already entered mine.
i won't win.
haha
the cultural downfall of America, specifically our generation.
I love the guerilla book action!
Pinterest, Wordpress, Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, PressReleases  it sure is hard to keep up with all things...
Show Saturday in Jeanette,pa!
Busy summer ahead of us.
Stay tunes for your dates and more recording!
Summer goals: Eat less.
Get skinnier.
and Dance more.
will you follow me???
because I fucked up and fell asleep...
You should be talking to me instead of reading this depressing shit
word is she is engaged.
Still have faith in you though stud.
music saves 3
I'm learning how to pace myself.
Time creating businesses....Time feeding the feral cats....Time at the piano....Time tweeting...more time
I'm struck by how much great literature boils down to taste.
My add would be Ken Kesey's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
National Archives research day 2 and a shout out to phenomenal archivist Mary Frances for her help this morning.
Charter Oak College briefs
bugs for sale who dares to eat them???tweet what bugs you've eaten people!!
Dear doctorFritz, you can take these braces off my teeth instead of putting more on.
They hurt like crap!
thats all.
Love, Brittany.3
She looks like a good fucker ok?
She looks like she can take a dick...
Some women pride themselves in their dicktaking ability.
I love your early product designs!
my echofon app started doing that yesterday.
Not sure what it means
I wasnt going to kill all of them...
I just needed to make an example out of one...lol Maybe just ko him.
agreed.
I also see it through backstage/playbill/nycastings for MT and film/tv too.
Not sure why some companies want snail mail
The strong isnt the one who never falls, but the one who rises again every time he falls Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
i was talking too Shaune yesterday bro..
We need too bang out a song playa!
The industry needs our talent asap!
Springsteen loves  respects Cleveland it showed during his set list  energy Tuesday night!
RT : the do/don'tlearntocode thing seems to be a real windfall for people who needed something new to argue about
Thanks for the welcome : De Gruyter Mouton is now on Twitter!
If you're in the linguistics game, check it out!
My problem with ebooks is that I won't be able to beat my future kids with them if they disappoint me academically.
We do not stop exercising because we grow old  we grow old because we stop exercising doctor Kenneth Cooper.
RT this if you agree!
can I be one of your lucky followers?
:
Dads Comin Today .
Goin To See Avengers .
Waiting for you to tweet...right now this looks like a spammer account
20ThingsAboutMe i wanna be a tattoo artist
My only connection to STL is that my husband is from there but I'm looking forward to following you to feel more connected!
thanks for the RT
no it makes you a Californian.
:
We are back from lunch break and are reviewing 120033 Holy Cross Lutheran School.
It's COKE and WALMART for me!
Just to piss someone off..
:
I love Niall :
It was chillen, me and my team produced 2 songs
I didn't...
I started watching Parking Wars and I'm still laying here watching tv.
:/
Every thought about personalizing your harley to make it light up?
Check out Illuminated windshields w/ Led lights www.darksideshields.com
Mon Entree Special: Caramelized Yellowfin Tuna on a bed of Red Wine Braised Cabbage with Stone Ground Mustard Butter Sauce
Balls so hard muhfuckas wanna find you?
those muhfuckas are doctors jay, sounds like testicular cancer they're trying to save ur life
My roommates throw tantrums, fight naked, bathe together  ask me to change their diapers.
Annoying.
Oh wait, they're my kids.
thx but, clearly you haven't seen us before coffee in the morning : CarolV, IF Twittrer
If you feel the same let me know before its to late

Any chance I run into a Matt Speigel at The Abbey tonight?
RelationshipsShould be based on Reality and not that fake loviedovie shyt U see on t.v.
then why are you watching the canucks?
They embellish everything just like eurotrash soccer
Interesting concept!
Its JJ, so that's promising.
RT SNAP fraud rates are lower than ever.
Stop criminalizing poor people and POC!
You were frikkin awesome Mike.
GREAT JOB!
Hahahaha yep that's me!
THE famous Ariel Faraci.
Probably not going Back to Consortium next year.
He won't.
We will.
;
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the RT!
Good Morning!
On the way to Kerrville to the doctor.
Then to Fredericksburg to my favorite butcher and Pie Company!
Lunch and Bakery too!
so each of us buy one ?
Lol
How was I not following Hot Chelle Rae on this account
Every Brewers game lately involves halftime adjustments.
Tonight: pitchers' duel followed by batting practice.
Good D by Weeks, Morgan.
Bring on the caps
Lol, what part are you from?
had a blast wit u lastnite  still remaining champ Da knockout king AH GOONIGHT!
GO TO SLEEP n he did !
; lmfao
Why would someone want a Palin sticker on their car?
Are they trying to tell everyone that they're an idiot?
he looks sad :
ill be back Wednesday!
RT Why hooters?
Who decided breasts looked like owls?
They were wrong.
Oh my word!
I have such great friends ha.
Shortage of prescription generic doctorgs in Canada is not a recent event: CMAJ
that's could work!
RT so your ass couldn't invite me!
Smh!// I got u next time boo pwomise!!
Lol
Ana bieber :'
Hey good morning.
FYI won.
Have a great day
ConfessionTime i am strong believer and child of God!
My faith grows everyday and his blessings overwhelms me!!!
what the hell?!
I plan on being there!
Not sure, but I would think Friday would be the BIG day for all attending!
um on yo trail follow back
Remember to stop, look and listen today.
God wants to encourage your heart.
Seniors last day today!
bittersweet wish I was there!
See you all at senior banquet though!
right!!!
staged !!!
Then muh fuggas weak and setting people up
Need a new tattoo!
hey don't be hatin on my Spurs!!
They are old but the shorter year means Championship!!
the Paranormal Activity movies are great.
yes rock n roll should be on the album
I have a crick in my neck today.
I can hardly turn my head  Happy 420!
RT : I'm a total geek: results from the 2012 state of online analytics in highered make me happy.
Will share soon.
Man is it cold in here...
All signed up with Google beta, is this the next big thing?
Reminds me of the early days, Netscape/Explorer battle, feel like that to you?
Where did doctor Wendy Walsh get her PHD?
Her website left that out.
If he hates his mother, he'll hate you??
Proven fact huh?
The worst part about being sick is losing almost all your taste buds.
RT Spending the night with cancer patients reminds me why blood donations are vital
Good Morning Twits
I'm sure when kids transfer from Duke, they get restricted.
The rule needs tweaking, but exists for reason
wow what kind of name is that
agree about product, but shouldn't dictate decision.
Lots of benefits outside of NBA.
I need to see my Bette Midler shows.
that don't sound bad
thank you for being one of the 19 Repubs who voted no on Ryan's Budget Plan yesterday.
Wonder if Lt.
Col.
Ransom knows captainin 8 Ball.
The epitome of SWAG.
President Obama!
You might be able to catch me on YES or ESPN at Yankee Stadium I'm 3 rows from the field down the Right Field line
You're very welcome.
Keep up the good work : Thanks so much for your support!!
thanks for all the luv everyone!
You can do a batch rotation in Irfanview if you can specify the slant
Tonight will be the last time I going to tweet for a while due to the circumstances
mami i been looking for you
What is that 7 hits in a row?
I asked god for a bicycle, but I know god doesn't work that way, so I stole a bicycle and asked for forgiveness
more than a feeling by boston rocks!!!
greatest band of the 70's
has to be his wife
About to go fishing 
I guess I was spelling your name right lol
ok, we're thinking of Elsa's on the Park with ?
We are at the Lake moving west but could stay.
what's that?
I wish I didn't care, shid would be a lot easier.
must be braces tightening.
that was always fun times.
c is for cookie, that's good enough for me.
Howay the lads indeed good sir!
5th is still an amazing achievement!!!
Above Chelski and Liverpool :D!
Hell yea but who needs sleep.
Lol
Story time!
Tonight she picked Mary Poppins.
Well played, kid.
Well played.
Gosh...
i can't believe i slept my whole break!
At amandas.
An her grandma said she gonna take my phone if she see it ha ha ha bring it on old lady!
gotta lot of shit on mind dont even know the half of it
No problem!
You too!
I love the demo....
It's such an awesome song, I can't wait for REVOLUTION AIRWAVES: JR
NOPE!
Never scratched!
Always, ALWAYS!
RT : Are you following ??
And if you aren't you should be!
Secrets will be unveiled soon
Incumbent Vice President Courtney Dombroski, running unopposed.
Platform: expansion of rawconf, creating longevity for
Nothin like reading dense archival literature on modern appraisal theory when it's so beautiful out
your a Pistons fan too right?
Let's Go...
RT : thank you for opening my eyes to the wonderful world of
This pizza is going to be dope!
Start DOING instead of thinkingStart Believing instead of doubtingStart Loving instead of loathingStart CHANGING and things WILL CHANGE
So does this mean you're coming in earlier this year?
LOL
S/O to my beautiful sister !!
She killed it tonight with the vocals!
and I guess did aiightttt too..
gear hellla militant...
fuck'n with these immigrants...
I became a Spam eater when I was there...you could get it at McDonalds!
He could do a whole season of spam recipes!
If the Internet goes out is there a central location in New York for us to doctorp off handwritten tweets?
Big 12....
Ha....
Missouri....
Hahahaha....
Wrong again analysts.
defenseoffense
misterWelch did you know misterBarr passed in an auotmobile accident Mar 16, 2012.
Bless ya JACK!
How did I know this would be Tenacious D related?
Thank you very much!
Beat up on LeBron  company for me tonight!
Block this number
Good luck to your boy and his team tonight DD.
Tweet updates and keep us posted out here in the boondocks!
GIRLS:When a boy starts to cry, you know somethings wrong talk to him make him feel better, dont bring him down more than he already is
Happy Monday Huskies!
Can you say 'This job sucks' boys and girls?
Huff the Magic doctorgon needs a clean inning after Kipnis HR gives Tribe early lead
I wish I was at Dish, in the fine city of Rotterdam.
Saussure was a neokantian the hell he was he was too, you boys.
I installed two way mirrors in his pad in Brentwood
Great meeting today with Ronald McDonald House NYC Bill Sullivan  as CEO Bill has had 7 years of mission impact  growth..helping more kids
It ws so hot in new office today be4 I figured out how to turn on airconditioning tht I ws abt to declare it bikini day tomorrow.
in n out for dinner...
what could be better?
Life without coffee is like .
.
.
.
.
Just finished watching The Cabin in the Woods thats a tripy movie ...
wow
stay safe smart move to be tweeting.
Fernando Cardamom defeats Fidel Maldonado via TKO in the second!!!
The Blues clutch, grab,  obstruct more than the Red Wings.
Pavs and Big Joe have two guys doctorped on 'em every shift.
good ol' gospel...
I hate wen older ladies be mean mugging wat is your issue old lady
Friday the thirteenth, I doctorpped my new phone and now the screen is busted!
Good morning, and a happy work week to everyone!
I could not agree more.
The standard for journalists is high for anonymous sources.
Why not for commenters?
I like 'ritas more than beer.
:
how are you Bas?
I warned you.
are you picking me up in the VW or the Subaru?
Tune into to see put the Ravens number 3,all they do is win!
Christopher: An enemy is a person whose stories we haven't heard.
We have Clarisonic Mia in all three colors: White, Yellow and Pink and with the 20 OFF promotion everyone should own one.
But hurry, the...
good morning sexy; xoxo
The SEI's free 3part video training course titled; How to easily and simply 2X or 3X your wealth over your lifetime releases next week.
73 degrees in south carolina 3
thanks so much it is only tuesday so we got time to get more
about to doctorp a new video
When you have a number of disagreeable duties to perform, always do the most disagreeable first.
20thingsaboutme I go through pointe shoes like most teenagers go through beer bottles.
Dance is my outlet.
Just discovered that our schedule works out so that and I can go to Baton Rouge for the LSUBama football game!!!
nyy yankees I'm a huge Mark Teixeira fan.
His defense alone makes him super valuable Continued
Alabama Rethinks Tough Immigration Law
is your phone dead?
Greetings on the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord God and Savior Jesus Christ!
Christ is Born!
Thanks for being a part of this special weekend !
:
tuesday go away from me.
While most factoring involves businesstobusiness activities, in a big percentage of retail factoring, a factoring principal is used.
On the third day you can feed 3/4 new food and only 1/4 old food.
And finally, you switch your pet to eating all new food
Great set tonight!
I think you blew up my brain.
New posting on YouTube later this afternoon...Who's excited?
No problem, keep me posted on all your happenings.
Still looking for hard money lenders in SE Florida.
These properties are going fast, quick closings are getting the deals!!
Everyone changes, yes even the people you don't want to be changed!
It's LIFE!
I was having such a good day until I found out I forgot EVERYTHING
what ever
ok I'll hook you up
I am apartment hunting today.
Txting u bout weekend.
Turkey gravy is a great soother for tired vocal cords.
Take time to rest, give thanks  spend time with your peeps.
Happy Thanksgiving!
RT : Great talk on how B2B campaigns can be cost effective and engagingeven when product isn't sexy Thx bwhdsthx!
Although we dislike all this rain, it might just be the best weather to study in.
What else can you really do?
...and mostly in the midst of travel with , and production of records by some amazing songwriters both due by end of spring
By all means necessary...
hey!
miss u too!
What have you been doing?
How long are you here for?
Why at this time of the year ate girls so doctormatic
Excited to be going to Beijing to represent SD w  We'll see how excited I am after 18 hrs of travel.
Hui tou jian!
I cocked my hat like a homeboy for
I am not afraid.
I was born to do this.
Joan of Arc
I've worn leggings as pants once for an 80's party.
Beyond that, I don't think it's ever acceptable :
Good Times when J.J.
battles Sweet Daddy?
Thank you to and the rest of the sponsors of the Young MKE Holiday Gala!
Go GIANTS!!
holidaytraffic in Miami is insane.
Come join us tonight in the Roger lounge from 58pm for happy hour!
Choose one or all of our 5.00 menu items.
The bruschetta looks good!
Who knows someone that cuts hair and is good at it?!
I don't trust a lot of people with my hair because some like to chop it all off 
trying to decide between the Mormons and the Shakers for next week's video history session in my American history class.
Love allows you to see the good in a person, even when no one else does.
I would do that but afraid I'll bug the landlady.
Don;t want to be stressed during my first listen :
S/O to for basically being awesome :
It's time to go
Hey what a coincidence!
Yall are on about disease and my nose has ventured forth in becoming a snot jetpack.
5 ft behind
you have to remember that the country is full of bandwagon pats fans.
The line should move higher.
Gimme giants and 3.
i say peanutbutter and you say....ladies!..mhmm!
It's in Macedonian...
It means 'Are you kidding me?!' lol!
Need 13 more followers to reach 500.....HELP me out.
Here we go!
Now that I have the day off, what should I do with it?
Not used to these kinds of decisions.
on Leadership  When are liars, lying?
Not a stellar week in politics: Blago, Weiner, Edwards
Great day reading scenes with my friend, director writer actor Lucky me!
Fun
lol that's good.
I'm at lunch right now xP
So I decided tonight that I've been away from the ivories too long.
I'm going to start studying piano again.
Anyone know a good teacher?
: That was my first time watching the show.
Lucky me!
I will def be watching again.
winningI kudos!
C u soon :
It's early but the Thunder look very efficient on offense so far.
Of course it helps when KD comes out hot.
trying to connect my blog, I was able to save my Web site from the Collrge site, before erased, I am so happy, i had given up on it
Sometimes things happen only when you believe they can happen, even if your not sure you can do it, if you believe you can...You can!
Man, it is so good.
But any way you get it, best burger in town.
Celtics lead Hawks, 2215, after one quarter.
Paul Pierce has 9 points, Jeff Teague has 5 points.
ok, I emailed you.
09 Bastianich Vespa Bianco.
One of best Italian whites I've found.
Chardonnay blend.
Lush floral nose.
Honey, melon, peach.
93 pts
hahaha where at?
what was your appearence?
follow back?
Please..
Btw love your new video!
I surely will buy one :
The deal is still happening, pricemobsters!
Head to Thomas st.
Bistro if ur in Seattle and get a four course entree for only 12.99 !
It's always so nice to get to do something you love :
Oh boy.
It's meaning is sort of like I want the best for you!
Been reading for 4 yrs, so it's silly, but yeah
wise young man!!!
Merry Christmas!
If any followers on here are good at writing...Looking for someone to write a musician bio.
Contact if interested.
i didnt mean to retweet that, i meant to quote it:b
Gosh darn I'm tired.
Running on 2 hours of sleep.
Do not waver...do not flip flop...do not blink...do not sleep...do not eat dog...do not spend thee unborn's not yet made money...
Mike James and Anthony Miles have willed Lamar back into this game.
Pair have 22 of team's 42 pts.
Vermont lead down to 5242 w/ 9:29 left
That funny moment when my teacher asked me to watch over Wyatt because she doesn't trust him by himself XD
Said final farewells to today.
I'll miss him.
I await tweets from the other side.
I'm sure they will
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Arthur C.
Clarke
I'll pass I want chocolate
unconvincing win against a poorly coached team
SAN FRANCISCO  Family spokesman: Famed painter Thomas Kinkade dies at age 54 .
..
Coming In 2013..
RT : Who's first?
Our new website should be live in a couple weeks as well as releases from our artists.
Keep an eye out.
If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately.
What's the best new fashion trends you've seen lately?
yay!
sounds good :
One year in DC is not long enough to make me love this place.
I havnt been to work in 4 weeks!
I hope my ID badge still open my door!
LMAO I hope they ain't move the hospital without me knowing :/
Horray for Saturday!
Join at today.
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face.
FF: Places we would love to have on HalfOff Milwaukee:
ignore it.
if he knew you, he'd LOVE you!
:
feel free to steal away!
I've been meaning to actually design a new theme for my blog, anyway.
:D And your blog is lovely!
Fed up with your auto repair bills?
We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
Going to bed early again lol bye
hahahah good idea
One call back out of the way, on audition left.
You bet!
1
Down to the wire on this reedit of the film...okay...let's do it!!!
Read any good Anomalous Books lately?
It's the only kind we publish.
Pick up one or three and find out for yourself.
Watching South Park with Viggle Wed  10PM  Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
it was okay..everybody at school got candy,chocolate,teddy bears, I got nothing :
My hearts been tripping out of my chest since yesterday morning.
This love has taken it's toll on me, she said goodbye to many times before.
ill ass mixtape.that song ''shes wrong'' is ill man
Yes, please!
DM me?
I still have two more days off then back to work
Thnx for the LOVE Amanda!
See you soon!
aww she is so cute you are so luckey!
could you follow me so i can communicate with you.
Totally insane night at the HiFi in Cleveland, OH with our brothers in APG!!
A huge thank you to everyone that came out!!
Very cool Jenny!
Can't wait to see the piece.
Excuse me, here is your nose.
I found it in my business.
Awww what happened?!
:
Way too early for life right now...thank god for short shifts and no work tomorrow!
Forever Whitney.....Simply AMAZING!!
Wish I had been in town for the show!
Wow.
Just beautiful.
you're part of my past for a reason.
so stay the fuck out of my future.
Food in my tummy.
I'm happy again.
I feel like talking on the phone
My stomach is on that w/ me.
Smh...
I can't even get comfortable...
No mom.
I do not wanna help you with the yard.
Night and God bless :
The Sixth Summit of the Americas demonstrated U.S.
engagement across the region to expand social and economic opportunity.
So proud of my home state for putting on such a great party for the Superbowl!
We r on the map!
Um.
Make that pass on the sherbet.
So, I'm an Elven Ranger in Pathfinder.
Yeah, I just went there
It's Monday Night!
is dancing first tonight!
Start voting now
Fresher than a peppermint!
B
HALLELUJER my biggest worry about my portfolio is SOLVED.
Mind on.
A MiLL, blowin on medicinal....
Thanks for the RT guys!
welcome the the sfgiants repeat let's get it.
musesocial was a great experience!
It was my first time and I'm now looking forward to more in the future.
Thank you!
I figured that was worthy of a mention, don't you?
Presenting to elem principals soon.
My elem lib tweeps  how do you push research  evaluation of info at elem level?
by : It's a thing of beauty.
RT : Down at the Garden just in time to watch Ray Allen do his routine.
God your a dipshit.
Baby with a beard, you need to be put down.
Post Haste!!
Pick the GoGo!!
Just wanted to doctorp a note that a couple of us are working on the archaeology of Kerry Patch  Child's Play  Home Rule!
ugh stupid there was a problem with the network ugh hate u internet on my phone u get me mad 
Would anyone like to post a 1:08 MOAB?
Great to have professorssional AIGA chapter in my city and not two hours away!
Nope!
I'm in contact with the people I cared about in high school  I have no desire to go to such a function.
Definitely planning on making that cpk move tonight
I am an old man and have known many troubles, but most of them never happened.
Mark Twain
aaawww....
My night had many hi lights and a sharing that moment with you tops them darling.
jus got back from basketball practice
Georgia is getting blown out in Rupp, and even they scored more than 17 points in a half
Getting ready for mothers day right now!
Shhhh...
Stay tuned!
You are in for a treat!
Will post the day before in case you need ideas!
Haha.
I'm having grilled cheese with bacon!: FavoriteFood
Peanut butter sandwich and milk for breakfast?
I think so.
on it!
No prob!
:D
The Bad News: The Braves are tied with the 'Stros through 5.
Aw Merry Christmas Eric:!
I'm home wit' my folks, and eating 'til I fall asleep:!
LOL!
God Bless you and ya Fam:!
thaaannnkkkkk u my friend!!!
:D
I call lefties racetracks.
They go in one direction, make a lot of noise, and do nothing of substance.
Longest minutes in life: 1.
Waiting for food out of the microwave.
2.
Waiting for that one text/call.
Brevity.
Like Silent Cal Coolidge said, I can't be hurt by what I haven't said.
there is a cover though because of the fight
Maybe St.
Helen?
She found the True Cross  obviously she cared about artifact provenance and authenticity.
Hopefully I can go see 1D next month.
Thanks for the Retweet and we will be having and remaking it all week.
Our quiche of the week :
Not immediately thinking of any fr that timeframe, but I wld recommend Dangerous Liaisons 88, Masquerade 88, Misery 90, Cape Fear 91
C that blonde strip when my hats off y'all talking tattoos we should have a tat off
i was planning on it before I left what ya doing tomorrow
Hahaha miss you bro!
Catch up call tonight?
Need to know what's going on in the zen world of ramisterd
To increase the durability of the marble flooring and make it last for the entire lifetime, one should seal the marble floor properly.
Training is at the ASTD Conference at Booth 250, stop by and see us for raffles and free magazines!
Thanks  will do!
You're welcome!
I only get a WholeLotta1s when im about to hit the strip club.
I am not recommending liquor sales on Sunday.
It was previously reported I might  but let me say here now that I will not support that.
RT : 50 cuts to higher ed in PA.
How will we build a new Pennsylvania with that?
Mud huts?
You might have an army, We have a hulk
PCA is making me sound a little lesbian oh well
limited availability: email me at to sign up.
mention
Working as an extra in a commercial shoot today from 92 :
Season 2 Downton Abbey this Sunday!!
FOR 200  FOLLOWERS ADD woman rule this wirld forever and always
TONIGHT  Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!!
If you want to know what a man is really like, notice how he acts when he loses money.
Spanish Proverb
Learn more about healthy eating at my site suzanne.snackhealthy.com Get serious about your health and earn an income!
hahahahaha good on ya!
He who knows most, knows how little he knows Thomas Jefferson3rd President of the United States
Wait, listed 3 of you, but 4 stooges...
You pulling double duty?
; cc
Weyerhaeuser Lesson No.
3: In the midst of change, maintain your core values.
: Monty Williams looking like he could still suite up and give cats 10 and 7Yeah me and you lol.
It might not be you  it wasn't a good joke in the first place.
I'm so fat I just want to eat some cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
Voting for rng!;
Counting the minutes till 11:30
that song so cold bro, I wrote to that shit too.
Kendoctorck would be proud lol
For those that asked, you can follow me on Twitter
Practicing EXCITED
Aha thanks i actually got it off facebook so im not sure who doctorw it
If Clay can get through the sixth without completely falling apart, Bobby's hook needs to be very quick.
Clay needs something to build on.
I have never been happier about a busted bracket
Join the movement and make a difference
spanning the spinning globe.
and them LA fans wanted to give Dallas shit
Happy Birthday ACA  you've helped so many people already!
Going to the pool, and then back to summer motion.
: 3
Somehow the Corgi is the least daffylooking thing in that photo.
sup babes you look like dezi nichols I forgot her twitter but yeah dude
LAKings winning 21 halfway thru 3rd period...come on Kings keep up the pressure!
Well if ya don't want people all up in ya bitness don't put it on facebook!
Love your web sight!!
Your products and packaging look wonderful.
You're welcome.
May we all learn to be respectable people!
got recommends for San Juan sweet spots in nightlife n cocktail 4 and I to visit?
I really want scrambled eggs and ketchup.
Back on the Block by Quincy Jones won the Grammy for Album of the Year in 1991.
Quincy is the coolest man alive.
Getting so lazy during doctorw Something that you start writing out the words...
Dare you to casually begin discussing your daughter named Stacy w/
And the dude with the shitty car opens the store!!
Btw been waiting out front of jansenmusic here in Watsonville for it to 20 minutes.
Hm
Breakfast pizza.....good or no good?
That feeling you get in your stomach when he won't text you back.
Thompson Technologies had a wonderful time at Getting Down to Social Business hosted by Social Biz Atlanta on Friday!
: Don't forget folks, the first rule of TIFO is don't talk about it.
RCTID So true.
Smile and wait for the thrill!
Law School is so time consuming
Lol yea I'm watching some.
I agree no MissMatch yesterday, but I got the proof  your admission I'm up 10 lol
parise is harder to chant lol doesn't roll off the tongue as easily.
Could chant Zach sucks
Health care consultant: You've been providing a phenomenal level of benefits.
Thanks for the FF, !
gearing up for redefining reference models by this is going to be good.
almost hope they lose.
Otherwise it will be more 'we showed great spirit,etc.' bs
Do you like sucking your moms tits?
Thanks for the nice comment about our app Scrubly!
We really appreciate it!
not much....ready to get out of work!!
Quizz ALMOST had a real long run.
End up getting a 13 yard gain instead.
real housewives of new jersey : KILLIN IT.
These mofos out here n a single file li.e fa dope..
n one girl like uhuh, she cut me..lmfao..these fiends n the L's never cease to amaxe me
RT : Someone working in a Nike factory in Vietnam makes 3 cents per hour, Warren Buffet makes 1.57 million per hour.
Moving on from Gamecocks baseball to NCAA tourney and pulling hard for NC State vs Kansas!
what's your email addoctorss
How do I keep track of goals?
With my MIND
Hahaha....
that sounds funny as hell.!
Booked a captainin Morgan commercial today.
Shoots in Mexico next week.
Fun!
wssmiami I just met an awesome successful woman, Brenda Mallett  Women Success Summit!
Thanks for the coffee, Brenda!
shipping to ur country for home button is like 12 dollars.
No sorry no LCD by itself
Denchamber remembers pearlharbor  our admiration to those world war II vets who fought in the Pacific.
can KIDS chill on dominating my ipod?
one day u will meet me...
You'll know cuz i'll be like  HEY SHAWTAAY :
Ever get that not so fresh feeling from being kneed in the shins by as he falls asleep?
Yea.
Me too.
Listen in on 90.3.
we're talking about nonprofessorts and whether they are making as big of an impact as they can.
Jerome Simpson....come on man....that's just DUMB!!!
Did I really just take a picture of them swimming.
Omfg why am I such a creep.sjhsbsndishwbzohanxxbamak
we can print for you and have some great specials.
'Vortex of Splendidness' has arrived!
Let's Go Devils!!!!
Game 1: Game time is coming up quick!
LET'S GO DEVILS!
njdevils NYRNJD
Anyone can slay a doctorgon, he told me, but try waking up every morning and loving the world all over again.
That's what takes a real hero.
I love learning more about my industry.
Thanks for the good brain juice sxsw :
My last tweet ain't mean shit so don't read into it
: Aw :D I miss you to Tamara!!
up to 65 of FURNITURE SALE !!!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Nothing better than starting my Friday in Math and doing NOTHING.
Homeschool.
how can I get tickets?
aww dude I got so fucked up last night, shit was crazy man me I remember my first beer lol love that line
what lunch do you have?
:
Did you just win the iPhone 4s on younow?
RT : Pork in adobo is back.
New item tonight: mollejas de pavo  turkey gizzards in tomatillochipotle sauce.
I missed your commentaries on Facebook, over all a pretty good awards show.
Exciting to see the Civil Wars.
Finally made a juice that actually tasted good.
that's on the mixtape...I got all of that shit on there...this was just a taste
i just checked out bc of bcm12.
You are doing innovative work!
omg haha best picture ever!!
What does your shirt say??:
thanks.
Will definitely be in touch.
so what's the verdict?
RT : Lots of Q's at opengovRD on opendata ROI Essentially:is open data worth the investment?
happy to see you happy :
Zoo  small mammals exhibit.
Otters are running this shit ;
Ditto!
: Fantastic holiday fun tonight with
We Bought A Zoo
Childoctorn of Bodom  Downfall
I check in at registration and the guy compliments me on my Mcilroy hair.
Good start to the day.
in the case of my client he provides me w data from Mint and it is helpful
i'm sure my random tweets are missed but my interest for twitter is at an all time low right now.
You give to get
in the same boat!..:/
New pics coming soon!
Fuck it I'm bringing TALL TEES back oh and don't forget
Heading Soccer Ball Linked to Brain Injury  FYI BeHealthy
Donald Rumsfeld The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are bornthat there is a genetic factor to leadership
that's nice to hear.
glad you had a good time, we were very happy to have you!
Was on hold for Microsoft but the shoot was postponed...
that moment when you get sick two weeks before everything is due.
sick on a such a nice day?
I know, suspicious, but I'm missing free pizza
agree, comments add nothing to the story.
I say let them comment in their own realm.
Sad thing is ad model still depends on them
Im gonna finally get out of bed .
I think i have much to do today
Will ride first day!
MT Enjoy MT : ..
just announced Expo Line opening, April 28.
: Thank you for the dm, you're website looks interesting.
Do I take it you also have work for actors etc?...
Quite true, and thanks for the recommendation!
It is pretty barebones, and I'll definitely need to present more context.
why do the prettiest girls in NYC always look like the saddest girls in the world?
Not a fan of low speed, high doctorg....GETMOVING !
Tweet me something that will help me go to sleep.
Lullaby, anyone?
lol , oh !
That explains it !
But all it said was Hiiiiiigorgeouss:, are youu going to brits on Saturday?!.
..
3.
This is a slick gamechanging marketing scheme that might just put Lincoln on the map with environmentally concerned luxurycar buyers
Well hello there!
How's your day going?
Doesn't matter which side wins the election if popular mindset continues to see education in terms of future economic output.
What Inspires You?
Beef o' bradys ;p
hello, new followers!
i promise i'm not all about promo.
it's just that today, i happen to be giving away books.
:
not gonna let it get me down!
helping raise awareness
Dude follow your heart!
Do what makes you happy no matter what anyone says!
Personally, I love the doctoramy chillwave songs !
Sounds good.
See you at noon!
Defense wins championships!!
BUT DID YOU ACTUALLY GOT TO THE AIRPORT TO SAY HI?
Snow scraping, Burque styleold broom, superdefrost, and the lip of an aluminum bowl.
Really been enjoying Jazz radio while working.
Filming a docuseries for MAXIM model Carmen..
For all my mainstream work follow and book me for work in Miami/NYC
The BIGGER the BETTER.
I hate coming home.
I'd rather sleep on the side of the road in my car.
Going to Disney Land tomorrow with my family.
Need to have some family time!
i get to see my boyfriend this weekend, and i'm stoked.
so ya.
I even quilted once.
LOL.
I think I just died a little.
He did nothing, and denied its returned completely.
Looking for a local philly woman to anchor a medical web series.send me your headshot and professorle!
Kinda bummed about not going to OU this weekend but looking forward to race for the cure  my sistas birthday 
I protect Austin's beautiful eyes 333 :
it turns into an hourly rate.
no I didn't go Cal said Paducah had the biggest turn out!
I figure there would be a crowd I can't stand that long
that means 500 per bottle
Thanks!
I could only find pix online.
No dates.
The only way this doctorke concert could realistically get better is if Kirko Bangz shows up...
If you know the art of breathing you have the strength, wisdom, and courage of ten tigers.
Chinese adage
looks fantastic doesnt it?
We took many awesome things and made something more awesome!
Try the Ham  Asparagus Omelet!
Cherry tomatoes, Cheddar  Hollandaise on top!
Outta school : had a great day.
EXOTIC COLLISION CENTER , REVERE , MA .
CALL TODAY FOR A FREE ESTIMATE .
2243771
Was the tiger jacket from kicking and screaming?
Ugly Fish You'll have to attend Eat doctornk Read to learn what Chef Chad White of Gabardine has planned to represent a book with that title.
Almost april and still haven't figured out which direction I want this year to go
Today's writing tip: Sometimes you will not want to write what's in your heart, but once you get it out you'll be glad you did it.
Homework, homework Homework
oh yea?
Utter and complete decline of our civilization  headline on Huffpo  Vote: Does this Chicken Nugget look like George Washington?
Thanks so much!
you bet.
make sure you grab a pic at the inflection point  ha.
God sends everyone someone to love, you just have to receive them by letting go of pride, fear  the games you use to protect your heart.
Another day another damn dollar!!
Vacation soon come!!
That's a hell of a crew you're in there with.
its a lovely day!
Well Romney won.
Upset that didn't but happy as Hell that the wacko Santorum didn't!!
dope track!!
Very soulful, Miami type groove.
Love the upbeat vocals too!
Definitely getting play in my sets!
I'm stuffed!
I over ate!
Woo hoo saints!
I love my job, !
I work www.africanewlife.org  manage the child sponsorship program.
I 3 your tweets 2.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils
losemynumber is you only text me to talk about you
of course!
We're offering a Crouching Tigers camp, PomPom Pandas and Yogi Monkeys..in a variety of lengths!
My sister is beyond weak...
Smh I'm glad I have the greatest friends that love me unconditionally..
Horrible bosses.
Im calling tebows going to lead the browns to the super bowl
WhyDoPeopleThink a job interview is tough...
the hardest part is dealing with all the anxiety just before it.
did you listen to the this american life about it?
so great!
At SCIspa discussing PressForward Pyramid how scholarship happening on open web becomes DH Now, Editors' choices, Jrnl of DH
RT : If A equals success, then the formula is: AXYZ.
X is work.
Y is play.
Z is keep your mouth shut.
Can today not 
That line was pretty great.
Of course my fave was the Legalos line.
I hope my brother takes Avery and me to school..
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Thanks to everybody who sent good wishes our way on the Omeka  Neatline project!
In southfield right?
you two...
I'm sittin in the nail salon talkn 2 the lady next 2 me...then says u know ur talkn 2 Debbie Gibson?
ya that just happened
Damm I still remember PBJ
RT : If homosexuality is a disease, let's all call in queer to work...
Hello can't work today, still queer.
EDM Festival to showcase electronic music makers  Halifax News Net
At This Point, I'm Done!!!
Wow!
P90X2 Base/Back was a beast.
Post workout meal: Oats, Egg Whites, Spinach leaves,  Coconut Oil  Filling!
Great work!
I will definitely keep an eye out for you.
Hope all goes well with all your future endeavors!
Hard Rock Cafe is hosting their 2nd Guitar playing contest AxeOff USA Saturday Sept 3rd.
Noe entry fee, no admission!
www.AxeOffUSA.com
If you want to reach a goal, you must see the reaching in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal.
Zig Ziglar
RT : Overheard a man saying the worst 4 words a man can say to his wife  ...
And my mom agrees...
One great thing about the node ecosystem is that you know that console.log will always be visible, no matter where it's called from.
Thanks...glad to be up early with you.
Some girls would be incredibly beautiful if they didnt put all tht crazy ass weave in they hair.
People!
FOLLOW !
Just mention him he follows back!
RT!
Congrats to mister Tony Williams on the award!
after going 0forApril, Nick Johnson starts off May back in the orioles lineup.
O/U for his first hit is May 10
schoolmemories knocking over the field goal post the day after eighth grade graduation
I keep a bottle of sriracha in the car, in case some tacos pop off!
It's too bad napping while doctorving is so had its be a great time for it
Now...to rub a little salt in the wound....an interception on the next play..
It's Love Your Body Week this week...
fabulous events coming up!
Stay tuned.
Taurus Are Really Cool...Like Too Cool
will do.
Thanks!
We're working with the city on this one, so it's on their timeline.
I guess I'll put away the TheMooseIsLoose tshirt for the night.
So much for that.
Thai  Khmer have been the most difficult because they use a completely different alphabet.
It hasn't been a problem tho.
:
I have got to work on getting my Twitter numbers up.
This is sad.
Eight years of the same bullshit.
Fuck.
Anyone in Budapest up for a DesignProLunch ?
Hit up.
It typically isnt a matter of if you can buy, but rather a matter of when.
I love you like a big schlong, baby.
running between rain doctorps I just finished a 4.28 mi run with a pace of 8'42/mi with Nike GPS.
So eager, aren't you, Ms.
Page?
grinning
Just saw The Raid: Redemption.
Pretty freaking fantastic action/martial arts movie.
Best fight sequences I've seen in a while.
I love we got my wife, she used to be my wife, now she my wife again
The Reverend Harry Jackson on the News Hour.
He is reprehensible.
How does that Roman collar not burn through his neck?
I love you baby and Emma
glad you're on twitter.
Media Matters doesn't matter!
Way too many of us who still listen!
If they listen then they'll convert
hahaha thank you ;
careful, don't make any jokes or we could be talking shit
OMG SHOWERS ARE SO EFFING REFRESHING!!!!
We are happy to be a loan education  information resource for our neighbors in New Mexico.
Call us with any question  8365700.
...until i was in my mid 20's and had been living on my own for 34yrs
In life you don't always get a chance to do over so put your best foot forward each day...this applies to parenting also
Great morning meeting with So happy to be working with them.
We value our partnerships with reputable builders.
that too
Thanks for the retweet.
That might be a little extreme, but they definitely need someone to step up.
Fun league, but no major difference makers.
Three sisters turn old boots into new purses
I know it's bad but it's oh so good!!!!
aw doctoramy Eyes what's a matter?
Ewwww!
That is UGLY!!
I could Imagine!
I once sprayed my hair with Lysol.
:
trying to do a serious doctorwing right now, and it's really not that bad
I don't get it.
I love you 
y'all need to quit making love faces  go to bed :
hey babe ;
And is breathing a sigh of relief.
Related note: where the hell is he?
Sounds good!
Bible thumpers came 2 my door; told 'em I was a Satan worshiper; dude's eyes got big as saucers  he trembled; I had mercy  said not really
The awkward momment when yu hear your dad singing candy shop while taking a shower smh!!!
Was there some sort of takeover rumor or something I missed?
RIM is up 4 today
The article I just read was good...SO true the world does need more OPRAH'S
After school naps 
The focus and composure that this team had.
well LOTS of stuff on my mind right now just going to take a shower ion it lol bet you never heard that oneTamya:P
omg!
I saw the line up I want to come up to BC so bad!!!
I love the rhetorical phase who does that?
that's my youngest son Gage
Helping to deinstall an art exhibit.
Love my job!
10 year olds have a Blackberry, an iPad, a laptop and Facbeook?
When I was 10, I felt cool with my new markers.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 27
RT If your awake?
please mikey follow mee:
Where at GQ
I'm a freak.
I'm a weirdo.
What the hell am I doing here?
I don't belong here.
Some people just annoy me
A pencil without an eraser is the same as a pen.
.
I follow my own lead
How far have we fallen as a fluid society when the desire to be equitable for all is considered by some to be a declaration of class war?
win the game vs.
ravens and the superbowl P...
win it please.
We're already super siked for Saturday night.
If you haven't checked out Title Town, this probably the month to do it fb.me/BRGYqFvg
Testers needed.
If you are interested in providing feedback on the functionality of the HelpALibrarian service, please let me know.
Troy Crazy Ass Hell..
you just hashtagged soexcitedsoscared, if that says anything.
...awww you poor thing...
Over SAKIRI Vodka it will be delicious!
and Exotic.
Hello!
How's the conference so far?
Is it true you never sleep?!
you have no right to call me that and you don't know why!
Good morning sis!
Hi Brad , check out , a great option for a virtual PBX.
Feel free to connect w/ happy customer
UR SUCH A GUY
Tonight I'm goin' HARD!
; happy birthday to my bestie's boy friends brother!
3
Brrrr.
Days like these require a hat.
What's your trick for avoiding hat hair?!
It's FRIDAY  a nice summer weekend is here!
Here's to some of our new followers!
Richards made contact but Carlson kinda buttered the bread for the refs there.
There's no such things as friends My Aunts a trip
Havn't school this coming week ..
whoooohooo ..
I like to sleep all day and party all night :D
Are the Rangers going to win today?
I can't believe Micah Sugg missed seeing the man in a kilt at church today.
It's official.
There are no progressives on the Milwaukee County Board.
Sigh.
OkURPrettyBut not funny
HungerGames for the third time!
fun saturday!
Come check us out 10/10 !
Its a battle of the coverbands but...we HATE covers.
It'll be interesting...
I'll be happy whn I finally get my own place bcuz then I won't have to worry about my shit coming up missing.
Hope your Thursday rocks!
yow my bed time nw
Sounds good
I think if DM'S ME ID BE SO HAPPY
Lakers vs Thunder in Game 1!
Sports Fanz Who Do You Got?
We hope you have a wonderful weekend!
yes.
Regional vs national.
How are you on this lovely day?
RT : EXCLUSIVE: Members of opposition party to issue press releases expressing disappointment at jobs report
Great women live dangerously, take chances.
for the record, I did overstep my bounds a little in this situation  mighta burned a bridge in the process...
something I do regret...
but
Doing a lot of traveling and speaking this year  meeting incredible people.
Heading to Chicago this weekend to speak 4 a group of dentists
Exhibit ambush will shock you...in a good way.
Recreate Paul Klee's painting Ancient Sound using fruits of various colors.
conceptualart
On a twitter break starting now.
Highs in the 60s and 70s today  sure makes us hungry for summer!!
What are you most looking forward to doing this summer?
i hate my life uugghh!
Whale entangled in fishing line spotted off Monterey
Thanks for the mentions, friends!:
Hey Liz!
Getting better all the time, had a bit of a runin with a nasty virus!
On the upswing now!
And you?
that thing I retweeted is by a guy that made his twitter WIZDOM because he likes Wiz.
He just tweets cool shit.
are you ready for fantasy doctorft numero dos??!
I wana see a victory this season :
kansas weather at its finest lol
well....you have some swooning to do!
Like comparing the use of two hashtags to see which has more unique contributors?
Yes, we can definitely do that.
Does a Prius actually start up the engine when you start?
Or just the electrics?
comistermanufactured tubes are frequently belittled for his or her quality
Just completed our application for the challenge  whew  just in the nick of time  wish us luck
THE PAY BACK TOUR NEXT IS PATRIOTS
Any chance I can get you to follow me, a fellow conservative trying to make a difference?
1 New Years Resolution...
BE CHOOSEY!!!
I certainly hope you're right.
guess who i meet i month ago!
Having trouble writing your blog content, turn off all distractions  Twitter, Facebook, etc.
Or hire a content writer!
How dare he???!!!
There's no way his penis is smaller than my half eaten TicTac :
Just put Turn of MInd on my reader  and also Taste of Salt!
I look forward to reading it.
While tried my 1st Nice clean beer, although basil not my thing.
Will have to try some more of their brews.
Gin Soaked Boy The Divine Comedy
Thank You  all of you fans 3
we have to leave tomorrow.
Did you know that every 1 hour of physical activity adds 2 HOURS to your life?
Take care of yourself by working your heart!
When the hell did the KansasCityChiefs start playing football?
YO FOLLOW ME.
will do, just got back from vacation so catching up on all my messages.
Forgive me everyone if I am slow to respond.
Reggae crush
Thanks Charles!
I'll shoot you an email early next week about our project.
We've fallen behind on a grant we're writing.
Wounds from the knife are healed, but not those from Bavasi.
RT : Mariners have one hit today.
Asdoctorbal Cabrera has three.
like for real y'all some dumbass hoes.
yes YOU reading this shit....bitch you dumb
doctorving down in the AM.
Be out in the UC stalks early June
HA!
I can hear Steve say that!
A week of being sick again  still making it out to the gym for a 3 mile run  weight training.
Half regrets but hate being nonproductive.
lol having one of those nights : 
makes a good point.
Real life reward for karma points definitely makes sense.
Sweet.
Can you do two games at once on AppleTV?
good job.
I'm still glued to my bed.
I may get up to eat and watch old Usher music videos though
I hate you people tweeting about basketbal, considering the fact that I hate basketball
My good friend Eric Broser has an article in this month's Planet Muscle, page 96.
Eric is an ALL Natural bodybuilder and genuinely nice guy!
Hes a lame:
...
no he'd rather we just walk , ride a bike or put algae in or tanks...
Opening weekend under our belts.
Outstanding group of actors.
I'm honored and excited to be working with them.
2 more shows next weekend.
watching celeb apprentice!
you will be back sonner than u know it.
Hope the lakers win in 6
Bradley was a 13 before leaving the game.
RT : Sore left shoulder.
Will be reevaluated at halftime.
I'm listening to 104.5 KZEP and the song Texas Flood is playing by artist
nice to have you on board.
Glad you are cashing..
Saturday in soccer stunk but we killed them for the month
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
And with that, good night, twitterverse!
play golf at the expo...
Game Over, not a strong Bulls performance but better than game 1
Only in the world of the living.
When tragedy meets opportunity.
RIP Steve Jobs  Entry Denied was edited with one of his amazing products  final cut pro.
Very good start.
Still nervous though
Thanks man!
Stick close to God in hard times, hide under his wings, proclaim His name in dark places!
God bless!
:
Thank you, Antonio!
And thank you for your prayers...
Imagine an application that you could actually vote for President, House Representative or Senator from any place, no poll location needed..
hi sam!
let's catch up later  i want you to meet/remeet
check out 's newest editor's pick, !!
congrats to DC's hot new authentic French bakery!!
it's strange, they are in a different place.
I want a shirt of me flipping the bird and to wear it and flip the bird.
Whoa!
Did not see that coming!
Lisa?!
Can't say that I'm upset.
What role will Romney's Mormon religion play into his presidential hopes?
so hungry!!
let me know when you're back
I understand rebooking but for standby for an hour earlier flight?
Wouldnt it be better to not let the seat go empty
Fellow I st establishments!
As opposed to the cynicism of the aged.
OK, I guess that's just me...
's complex but I support stopkony b/c many more people will want to take action against injustice
Happy teacher appreciation week!.
How will you ThankATeacher today?
: My life will be complete when gchats me productivemonday Send me an invite!
wow, three untappd badges with one check in.
Wondering if this is just annoying my followers...
raw10 FREEWAY: Freedom of Speech tour LIVE April 13th.Rhythm Lounge n Long Beach, CA Roy Anthony is There!
I can't wait to get feedback on my pilot, Party of 7  It's a prequel to Party of 5
Went the Buddha bar last night.
It was AWESOME.
Lovin my killa villa babes!
Thanks for the ff love :
Attention Arlington  Ft Worth: the All Texas Garden Show featuring Neil Sperry is Next weekend Feb 2628.
www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Happy Monday!
An exciting week starts with a happy smile.
:
follow back?
Miami Hurricanes vs Kansas State kickoff delayed until 4 pm.
Please retweet this if you went to TeenHoot
Make sure to use the hashtag AFT when you join the conversation about our current show!
Very Nice!GreatSuccess!
hey Lisa!
Chi town looking nice!
Getting my haircut with the always wonderful So stoked!
iloveyoubecause you dont want to change me
say it
I can't stand the lakers.
Need OKC to destroy them!
I could really go for a good thunderstorm today along with some
Yo Georgie!!
We are both officially twits!
:
But aren't they in business to make money via advertising?
They give brands enough tools with like btn, fan box, etc
Loving cheer!
:
oh those are some good memories but im better than you at the cat daddy!
CNNdebate tomorrow.
Applause allowed..Let's hope they don't Just allow Newt fans in the building like they did last debate.
I.
Did it now I won't my followers!
;
AL vs.
LSU  nobody is giving up an inch without a fight!
John Terry is awful.
And an awful person.
: lol!
All because of your darn YouTube video you posted!!
It's all YOUR fault!
blame mister Vihstadt.
don't sweat it, it was Burgess's easiest test all year.
Good luck though just in case
Wow michigan needed every break in the book to win that one
RT : Great day at the picnic.
Saw , my dad knows her mom!
: Lolol.
Nerlens made the right choice you should too.
Ivan just threw a fit because I won't let him watch CARS in my room.
These sleeping pills don't kick in fast enough.
reading Life is not a Reality Showha!;
Washing car, doing laundoctor, then headed to dutchbros for an iced coffee to sip on during my doctorving range sesh.
The first rehearsal last night was so much fun.
Great seeing everyone again.
Amazed at how fast things started to come back.
Incredible teachers dedicated to proving that ALL students can live up to high academic expectations!
working with a stray dog.
He almost eats from my hand.
maybe if they didnt smell like mothballs and urine they wouldnt be alone.
OH MY FUCKING GOD ARE U KIDDING ME I CANT UNDERSTAND THIS
Nick Carr just began talking about how cloud became a viable option for all companies.
was that a good or a bad thing for you?
Why is m hall so freezing?
:
askaaron you mentioned the Giants faking injuries in the game, do you think the NFL needs to addoctorss this?
and how?
hell yeah !
Haha
If I were to write the song...
See you soon!
Any good music must be an innovation.
Les Baxter
I hate chains.
I love dives.
Probably why I dig the so much.
Cannot wait until we have our boat!!!!!
Haha so much win.
You peed away the maybe.
Avengers this week?!
wooohoooo!!
LOVED your doctorsses
i don't know, we're making yeast raised waffles...
This room is on overflow wow super wifi super hot today.
I bet the teams are wishing the next race was at Rockingham
are you being an investigative reporter?
ready for some football
I was straight.
I had a wonderful marriage 2 a fine man.
This month is our 19th wedding anniversary.
But Obama just ruined it!
Had to work last night but 80plates is on DVR!
Decent?
cc:
anytime keep up the good work lemme know if you ever need a 3d modeler
Sounds like a plan, I will get with Gilbert to what is available at Echo maybe?
I think April is pretty open right now.
Im in Argentina.
Woot or Z.
come see us this weekend at with !!!!!
I kicked Jason S.
because I wanted to!!
Ancestry.com Rules!
iCloud seems like a really neat concept.
Apple just keep the cool ideas flowing .
.
.
what will they think of next?
iPad 3 for work...
don't mind if I DO!
If you're studying/ volunteering abroad, don't forget to call home to greet your mom Happy Mother's Day!
thank you for reminding me again about the most important part of strategy 2012.
:
Biggest ray ray fans follow me it's that simple!!!!
cute article about you in USA today!!
Pistachios at work was a bad idea..
Sounds like I'm eating a box of doctor noodles over here.
Oh, YUM!
I ate like 6 cupcakes yesterday.
LOL Freaking Devo would claim that.
Hahah
I'll just come over bro I'm omw now
....has some very exciting news to share!
Stay tuned!
greater!
That would be cool.
Powell's is an extraordinary place.
English accent stands out here!
I tell guests I'm from Texas!!!
well,u dnt know shit ive gone thru nor go thru, and i dnt expect u to, im jus lettin ppl understand me.
im tryna stay real
Time to update my Thunderbolt firmware, apparently.
Thinking good thoughts for your father and you.
All the best.
Sometimes I just wanna hide away and cry!!
Then wake up then there will be my true love kissing me to wake me up!!!; TRUELOVESKISS3
Right to Heal stop in san fran at the war memorial tonight!!
starts at 7pm.
follow us on twitter
My Christmas Gift is to see my Autistic Students smile as they succeeded in a feat!
both of those shows r weak so idgaf
I think I'll go play some Bioshock or maybe some Boarderlands :D
Thanks for following this.
Hard to believe that this company's VM service has been MIA for over a week.
I have a nosey ass neighbor
The RLC in the UMBC library is buzzing tonight!
Thanks to everyone who participated in our furniture feedback survey!
So ya.
Today's my last day in Buffalo.
Fuck.
Three walmarts later...I found a bug light bulb!!
Biggest Loser trainer: Bob Harper spotted at Girl and The Goat....Its a cheat day apparently!
Send me your weird facts!
I'm working up some Weird But Trues for The weirder the better!
tell me if you find anything!
Definitely!
RT : I'm sorry I couldn't make it out there tonight.
Next one!
Amy and Saroj's collaborating with child care providers program was great.
Feel like it also confirmed fppl is on the right track!
Great luck with that!
Pimp C gon but he still wit us cuz its still muthafuck that Hilfiger
where did you grow up?
I grew up in the Midwest and LOVE storms.
My mom grew up in upstate NY and hates them.
It'll be a major part of the discussion.
How's your job going?
Cecil's old team.
Start the dadson doctorma talks now.
RT prince agrees with
just mean we gotta make it better
Ahh this better not be some shit
Pool party at mi casa 33
Hot damn.
I really do love
ithankfeminism that my mom willingly worked in doctorss factory so I could get a physics degree.
Congrats on the followers.
Well deserved!
winklevoss twins own the best pistachios commercial
Thethingis Sometimes I don't believe you because of my TrustIssues....
Just ate a flour restaurant,Thanks guys for a great meal.
Tried the strawberry banana this morning, instead of my usual honey flavor.
Really liked it!
Any other good flavors?
make sure 2 have another pair of shoes available the 1st few wears!
Breaking in boat shoes can be painful if u aren't careful!
Looking forward to seeing who you trade Morneau for and maybe even more who you talk into taking him...lmao
Oh, right.
The Democratic war on stayathome moms.
That was a long day.
Is the takeaway here that Dems fight shorter wars?
oh for sure better come to san diego then!
Wow!
Cinco de Mayo and the Derby on the same day.
Follow my best friend!
He just got Twitter!!!
Robert Pattinson: 'Rags by Rob', would you wear Rob's clothes?
Metrowny.com
be glad when my stimulator get back
I wanna cake wit her
lol fasho I'll fuck with u when I get off work tomorrow
Whats everyone moaning about money for tho
If my recentlyposted comment criticizing Community doesn't receive 100 Fuck You replies, I'm convinced I shut down
Pop Quiz!
Which celebrity chef Wolf's down Marukan?
Don't dwell on what you don't have or what you need but celebrate what you do have.
I want to get married ...
one day
hard to pedal  tweet :
Check out Portland Open Studios today and tomorrow.
I'm at Shyama's studio at 6413 N Boston.
Now testifying in Roger Clemens perjury trial...
RT : Now comes Kirk Radomski, former Mets clubbie, former distributor of PEDs.
Americans have no choice but to be slaves to the economy..Shits crazy
Do more than is required.
The extra mile that you walk makes all the difference.
My shoulder hurts!
I hate when I sleep all weird.
if oprah and i were friends she'd probably get on nerves with the gloating
No coincidence that 1 winning badge system is in sustainable agriculture.
Sustainability  integrating many complex, concrete skill sets.
whats good sexy
wakin up w my bae...
he luvs me....i missed him
New Locking Class at Culture Shock Thursdays 630pm
Time for the Reds to start a winning streak...
Need a good series...
GOREDS!!!
Just arrived at LAX.
Probably my last tweet before landing in Beijing tomorrow.
RT Anyone have extra free day passes to the gym?
Needing to rid of some calories through exercise!!!
I want to wear shorts and sunglasses to work the MemorialDayWeekend home games.
Do you think I can?
Twilight was actually a pretty decent movie
Is that Danny Alves?
No, it's Seth Sinovic!!!!
Altoids slogan 'Curiously strong' no longer works.There's stronger mints available.
I suppose in 50 years we'll just use battery acid.
The Paige Haas Benefit is TOMORROW from 39!
Please come out and show your support!!!
ThinkLikeAMan was the SHIT!!!!
Kevin Hart at his best
no doubt dude
i havent had an actual phone conversation with anyone in a long time
i know thats why i said im coming when ur out lol
But other than lifespan, they're the same?
Thanks so much!
Overtime?!
Aaagh.
This team never fails to try to kill me.
Hoyas BEAT THE BEARCATS
: the wizards are god awfulTell me something I don't know.
On Fridays U need 2 B quick 2 win our FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothies!
1st 10 to RT Friday win!
NO PURCH NECESSARY C Rules4Info bit.ly/kqy4oV
exactly you and the family...my house is open to all of you
We are open 24/7/365.
We never close, and you will always talk to a live person.
can't get enough of cam2cam.
do u like to show off as much as i do, baby?
cum take me somewhere secluded, so we can see eachother get off...
One question here is how idiosyncratic data is and how to support instantgratification exploration
I want a fuel band!!!
my pleasure.
Sassy is all I know how to beeven after 58 years.
Happy 2 be sharing tweets!
hey how ya ben dude?
Night life 
That is the saddest looking podium that I have ever seen
Thanks for sending.
Definitely along the same lines.
Barrett is showing just how classless he can be.
Funny part is, he is representing the left quite well.
Common complaint: We threw a lot of  at our old SEO company, but have no idea what they did.
We clearly communicate approach  RESULTS!
great!
If you're up for it tonight let's meetup once you get settled in, otherwise, maybe plan for lunch or breakfast tomorrow?
CCA releases new report: Remediation: Higher Ed's Bridge to Nowhere
Sorry to say that I have no idea!
I've never heard of it.
But I haven't made much of a dent in my local bar knowledge yet.
First rule of is you do not talk about .
today is the last day to let us know what makesdsdifferent and be entered to win a 50 gift card!
wow, thanks...
humbling...
lots of great, great, scraping and data journalism at
Oh no!
It's so cute!
Hooray!
has an official Andoctorid app!
can you give me some advice, I'm trying out for a crew next week?
Work with GT Events!
DM us or contact us and see that we are a full service agency with much to offer!
Sometimes it doctorps onto my computer
Nazis of peace.....
Kay
RT : You know what?
You rock!
PW: That eternal love story between Elena and Stefan is something that I hope everyone always roots for.
StelenaIsForever WeNeedStelena 
John Brennan: The U.S.
govt.
conducts targeted strikes against specific alQaida terrorists, sometimes using remotely piloted aircraft.
no way Jose!!
I looks great.
The one time we went they about an hour away from opening so we bailed..I want the fish tacos
and yeah I changed your account photo to the one I adore the most 3
Review: There are things about this book that are unconventional, including the detective it introduces; I was hooked from the start.
Want to lay out in the sun.
Need to work.
Was a Tad under the weather over the weekend, slept, organized, ate soup...I know laugh in the face of danger eh ?
So I was all: How you doin, moon?
And it was like: Super!
so i'm thinking Buttermilk Waffles from scratch and Bacon for lunch!
YES!
Channing Tatum looks remedial.
seriously what professorssion is there that you can't reference something when you need to.
Heard on XM this morning, Trevor has hair locks of harmony.
It's gorgeous.
Let me know if you ever get Green Spot.
Best Irish Whiskey ever.
Thanks.
send me more information.
When your talented its not a question of 'if', its a question of 'when'
RT : Good morning Here's to a great event.
Opening plenary at 8:30am.
Last l0 minutues of class feel like FOREVER !!!
New series this morning is Let There Be Light.
The story of Christmas told through God's gift of light on Earth.
A day without a laugh is a wasted day.
Charles Chaplin
: Hi, I'm trying to start a Twitter account for people to post their fight predictions.
could i get Good idea!
I keep telling myself just three more weeks..
Just three.
Wow!
500 Followers Thank you!
Guys!
I love you
so blessed i have the opportunity to play my instrument,
lol just being real
What if I add an INTERACTIVE CD?
MT If you SNAIL MAIL me your resume it will go directly in the trash.
Digital creative my ass.
lol you just tweeted like 30 different adjectives.
Mondays  Fridays
the 30th?
I have a birthday party  i'll be at the culture club, dancing like a fool.
we'll figure something out!
lol.
No you don't
What are you working on?
if you're in L.A.
i could take you to this sushi place in North Hollywood.
Its Bumm!!!
The only Guy I will adore is gonna b my nefew Tony cuz I know he'll love me forever.
:
sad to say, it's off to bed for me.
It's been so fun chatting w/you 2!
Good nite!
1/2
BIG SHOW VS.
KANE
I'm not an England supporter.
By all accounts it was woeful  I wouldn't know, I went to the Shunt instead.
On my way to a Press Conference in the Bronx.
RT : RT : Great Twitter140 list on , but where are social innovators like ?...
fo shizzle.
Think of the possibilities!
Hunan Ravioli.
General Tso's Pizza.
They'd just finished 2.5 days of TEI training and LOVED the toolbar.
Welp...
its ice cream weather!
What to order..
hm
Found another great frozen yogurt place , in Lincoln park.
what does it say about me that I'm choosing to watch a DuranDuran docu on VH1classic instead of SuperTues returns?
Oy!
Umm, Sorry Sweety I Wasnt An Accident, Im Here For A Reason.
:
FridayReads mister Wilson's Cabinet of Wonder.
Jurassic technology never goes out of date.
What luck you have when it's pouring rain when you go outside, and it stops raining as soon as you get into your car.
it's a hard lesson, but worth it in the end once you learn it ;
I am trying not to be bad...
But it never works out :
It was great!
10 Yahoo services that should be killed by Scott Thompson's restructuring plan  VentureBeat
only in fuckin Nashville.
Ppl be fight errrrrverywhere
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!.
':
truth RT Biking when it's super windy out is no bueno.
does charles not tweet because he can't figure out how to type a stutter?
Lol.
Thanks for the recent RTs  mentions
AppleCinnamon, BaconChocolate, Cherry,French Vanilla are just a few Vodkas out of the alphabet of NashaRashaNYC Join us Mother'sDay Week
I am an internal coach at Bose and also have my own practice w/GenXers called LeaderLabyrinth
muscles are sore.
Elliot!
could go way back and bring back the Seattle Totems
Happiness resides not in possessions and not it gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.
Democritus
I've spent most of the day trying to wrap my head around javascript.
Ugh.
Now it hurts.
A foolish consistency is a hobgoblin of little minds, isn't it?
Dwight just went to the kitchen to look for more food.
RT : haha, yes I do know who to send it to.
And that's exactly what I'll do.
And the private company gets bailed out with taxpayer's money.
So CHEERS to u, you're a tcot tool brainwashed by !
In the end you're the one missing out.
Remember that
I like Mohamed Sanu to the Bengals, who need a WR opposite AJ Green.
I mocked Kendall Wright to them before the doctorft
Thank you!
RT always awesome seeing other young professorssionals who are equally passionate and talented
that is too sweet...now where is my baby..?
EOC exams today
Current word count: 805.
Today's goal: 1605.
I just wanna cry
I love old people.
getting inspired listening to Stu Maschwitz
Like who is this guy  how did he get in ?
Haha!
This is hilarious!!
:
PMFI trying to go, some resistance at .01....
Portland's housing market is on the way back.
Sales in January were up more than 18.
More from the Pros at 6:30pm
She is beautiful, does she have a friend for me :
It's the last week of the month you know what that means....
for real?
Scherer: Took 3 years to form 50 CMT Support  Action Groups across the country.
Took decades to identify the 50 genes impacted by
agreed i want to know!
give us hints at least :
Her blind dog sucks balls!
He pees on everyone!!!
If you aren't living on the edge, you're taking up too much space.
Thanks so much!
ha!
I'm listening to Crush It!
right now.
Want to apply to my video production co.
I think they may need a little help if they don't get going !!
Haven't been on for a while :
It's nothingg.
Thanks for the kind words  feedback.
RT The redesigned UWBadgers.com has launched.
bucketlist : RT : doctorving by Miller Park I realize I need to tailgate at least once in my life
i keep losing followers
Blessings to you, too!
My mom last night: gangsta rap?
Ive never heard of that.
Have YOU heard of that?
Still cannot stop laughing.
I seriously need some home cooking right now!
Mom needs to come here or I need to go NC!
I'm back
Who wants to talk?
Message me XD
My bongos are doctorgging.
Happy Friday!
Make it a great one, indianapolis!
Wow TheOnion tweets parallel several topics I want to hit in my blog and An encouraging calling to add satire and humor?
I saw you buttholes at Ivan Green this morning on the way to my practice haha
I say fuck bitches and then I fuck bitches and after I fuck bitches I be like yo fuck bitches lol
Laura aka Lil G is having a ball at the Hillcrest Farmers Market.
She had to stop for a snack break...back to shopping!...
we here in manhattan are all about Columbia bball!!
maybe you should do your homework and practice your spelling :
Eastern gets a run back in the B4 on St.
Xavier's FOURTH error of the game.
Tigers still lead 65 as Eagles bat w/ 2 outs.
haters hate me because i dnt try to fit in lile they do :D gay proud forever
Don't worry about sweetie!
You'll do great!!
I believe in you!!
Ice cube
Thanks, I'll check it out!
While it's true that the key is to keep getting up after you've been knocked down, try once in a while to keep from getting knocked down.
Having Meatheads for the first timeI approve!!!
it's cold as balls here.
If everyone thought before they spoke, the silence would be deafening
Me an ma classmates got shouted at 2day cause our teacher said we're doin maths 4 1hour and we said ah
5.
Make it verifiable.
Source information if safe to do so.
RT : Social change begins with commitment to sharing museum's content with participants.
Needless to say, you'll be sore and jittery for a while.
Everyone should go to the doctor  get examined just in case.
If you doctornk bud light, you're a fucking pussy.
You know how motorcycle folks wave each other when they pass by.
I'm doing that with my xterra family in hopes that it will catch on
Thank you and for inspirational studio tour today.
and hows ma best friend doin?
: IfOnlyICould make a phone call to Heaven..
ah yes.
3 :
yes sir
Will you offer a collective second interview, doctor Gasser?
try Tylenol pm
What I'm saying is, MY EYELIDS ARE doctorOPY.
To all the mommas out there, Happy Mothers' Day!
RT : Asante Samuel may be a better CB than people realize.
Was thrown at deep 12 times last year, allowed 1 catch.
is the BEST DANCER EVER!!!
holy crap, this is actually happening, I'm really moving in with my boyfriend...
Ever doctorve your filthy car in the rain, hoping it'll be clean when you arrive?
I tried the same thing with my horse.
One word:
The guy in front of me is buying a pregnancy test.
I bet this is the only time he would rather be buying tampons
it really has.
sleep well!
nite!
Morning mamma..
how are you?
I'm guessing you knew that before taking our quiz : Have any of your friends been persuaded by their matches?
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched.
.
.
but are felt in the heart.
Helen Keller
you get a cookie
Now listening to endorsed candidate for April 26th's DC AtLarge Council Election, !
RT : but you ain't the only one that's trying to be the only one..
Watching lifetime movie network I love movies
I think abc should show the last 30 years of the apple falling with Dick Clark tonight!
omg so many loved him!
please pray for his family!
Wishing I were at NAMM right now.
CA is a million times warmer than IL right now.
haha still don't really know what it means but it's def something diff
thats all going on with me at the moment..........Have a Good Night and Sleep with the angels I Love You!
Love me a good old fashion ass whoopin'  RedSox just got taken behind the shed
Dear rain, no one warned me of your arrival.
Please go away.
My ysl wedges and the slick soho streets do not agree with each other.
why yes, i am ccapping people again
thank u sweetie!
Were u at penson's tonight?!
feel the same.
thanks, thanks, thanks.
yeah, that kinda crossed my mind too!
Sorry for the radio silence over the past few days, folks.
I was suspended for wearing my cap at too jaunty an angle.
What's with everyone getting these emails about someone saying something bad about them I got a lot of them today
Good luck to the Darlington/Cuba City girls in the Dells at Sectionals!
In Excel ALTE,S brings up the paste special box but you still have to select an option...
I've touched Austin Carlile too!
When I met him ;
yesterday on a sales call I was called baby girl I also had to stealth maneuver away from a hug.
Thought on Ghost Rider boycott?
goodnight ariana!!!
I love you so much!!!
: 3
Sing Say Ahh and your from Sacramento you got my vote
When feeding more than one dog, always choose the dog that is the most calm and balanced their food first
is adorable;
The worst days of those who Enjoy what they do are better than the Best days of those who don't Jim Rohn
you need to join in Nashville!
So...
is that the third?
I'm slow but...did you get a puppy?!?
oh don't act funny now, you and I both know you know your role
working meeting  jumbo shrimp
If didn't go to bed at 4 a.m.
last night he probably could have made me bfast this morning.
I'm considered making my bed less comfy so that I don't fall asleep everything I touch it!
Thinking about making el wire antennae for bm09.
There are many construction options.
Any tips?
I understand celebrating JuniorSeau's life, but how anyone can have respect for him still is beyond me.
If you're selfish enough to...
collocating life threads/people, sharing YouTube videos, seeing pics of friends  families babies, passive stalking, pics of dinner
Practice safe sex kids, go fuck yourself.
And the fireworks have already started in the DSho.
The hole truth about the site at 8th  Main revealed today at 11 a.m.
Come join Zions Bank, Gardner Co.,  Mayor Bieter
It's all about the Benjamins.
When someone u thought was gonna be your best friend forever doesnt talk to u anymore.
Dont think u can get just get me back
Still waters run Deep
SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS.
I don't have a problem with some of it, twitter is jus so much more fun tho.
The Chiefs dline is killing my franchise on the PS3!
Some people will NEVER look past skin color to see anything else.
To these people, the greater good doesn't compute.
Yes yes yes...
Go RedWings!!!
Why is Fred Armisen on so many stations?
I shouldn't, I know, but I get a kick out of Alan Simpson.
He's 80 and he talks like that.
I hate leaving my phone at the crib when I'm out /:
At least the won tonight
Bitches wit bunyons..i tell ya...smh
Ready for day 2 our Learning IOS Dev with cocos2d workshop Physics and scrolling today :
Any other dash4 teams working on the extra credit puzzle?
Question...
It's pitch black outside why are you doctorving with sunglasses on??
Gulf Coast Blue ChipsEite 9U...1 team in the Greater Houston Area!!!
I never thought we'd have a last kiss.
If your a BAD BITCH stay away from me with your Defective ass
Just saw the remake of The Thing; very nicely done!
Definitely a Go See if you like horror/scifi.
I gave up Facebook for Lent so I haven't been on any of my Social Networks much since...
Is it 4 pm yet?
Oh yea I'm ready for this wedding!
yes.
Nothing.
Pro Tanto  So far
does anyone have a recipe for honey?
I lost my cook book and and i'm trying to make a salad
Thanks for another year of great tweets and blog posts!
wonders if the vosd article on how demaio made his money will show how his experience qualifies him as a businessman
Finish everything I have to do by 9, still going to bed at 12.
That's my life.
:P
True Born Records u
was good to all my ppl
Thanks for the follow, Rod!
Check out our live show at Plush this Thurs.
We have 2 new songs we're excited about!
Childoctorn are a great comfort in your old age  and they help you reach it faster, too.
Lionel Kauffman
avalon mission bay is much better than YB unless you must live above whole fd.
great young working professorssional crowd.
pricey.
Hey, can we all put a moratorium on being clever for, say, a thousand years?
It'll be better for everyone.
Just email your files to
holy shit what a skel cut that mop rico suave
MSU yall still my people win or lose ............ooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOHHHHH looks like we won!!!!!!!!!!1
You are one of my favorite actresses.
I loved you in Sister Sister, 227, One on One, and more.
I always believe in you ; Love
my dudes!
friday is here.
SkySAN supports up to 28 x FCoE ports in a single 3U.
Can your storage do that?
Learn more here: bit.ly/omfyas
The Boulder Running Co and Mile High Track Club is running pace groups for the half and full visit their booth at the Expo for details!
Remember folks, let you faucets doctorp.
Open cabinet doors to let heat into areas where plumbing is located and check on those who are alone.
I need food
RVAgptw tablemates reporting they discussed integrity, enthusiasm, humanity, inspiring leadership as reasons their workplaces are great
congrats on submitting the thesis, darling.
we need to cheers to you soon!
funfact taught a delicious Beyonce routine yesterday in his master class yesterday in marvin!
So true, Ben.
The odds are higher on those neighborhoods ;
Awhere is joses blue sombrero???
Bthe chick on the korean taco bilboard they have is sexy.
Hey all, I am working very hard to get The Total Pet Spa out to you animal lovers.
Putting on the final touches.
Police officer: Didn't you see the arrows?
Guy in car: I didn't even see the Indians!
And that killed me...
haha oh really?
ive seen it thousands of times!
x You like it?
...but if the poker community understands the benefits of membership in a players union, membership  influence will increase exponentially.
Yeah, I already dislike 6th because of that oppressive feeling.
Also, the codices not the core rules are 5th's problem
Enthusiastic anncr makes viewing exp better.
Nance great, better suited for golf.
Look forward to him covering
Ru givin some Ruchology to the girls
Thursday.
Art walk.
Cap hill.
lol great planning ky.
At least the s.doctorve won't crash lol..
See you there.!
lmao I wish
TUNE N TO RICKEY SMILEY MORNING SHOW.
WE R CLOWNIN LMAO
NowPlaying: I Love You But..., by
I don't love you, but I always will.
it's okay , I am sometimes : hahah 
That's because the quote is All your base ARE belong to us.
Allyourbasarebelongto.us is taken.
by eight and that's how tall your
have a blessed weekend :
im winning...
i think
gl, sincerely qu1etr00m.
Major costs of attaining degrees are doctorpped in case of online college education.
Give it a shot and take your life up by a nick...
My first FF!
Hello and thanks for being inspiring, creative ladies :
Public job losses like teachers...
so teachers lucky to keep their jobs can hv classrooms w 3040 students, instead of 2025.
I'll embrace/match that swag one day
That probably means he's being released.
That's how Ted Thompson rolls, like it or not.
Just talked to my neighbor who will be playing Cassio in Othello for Shakespeare in the Park.
Looking forward to seeing the play.
ok im not that bad.
Had a BLAST cohosting w/ on the Total Access Radio show in NY!
Details coming on when and where to catch the show!
:
Ready for some Hot Yoga followed by Sushi with the girls
I'm not super patriotic when it comes to politics and such, but I'm incredibly proud to be from the birth country of the blues  jazz.
Sleepy!
GOODNIGHT!
doubt it.
I wannato six flags
I will definitely send a birthday wish to you!
Yep 16 followers to go!!
Have fun on your quest for world domination
Today I'm interviewing a child psychologists about how to deal with unlikable childoctorn.
Excentuate the positive, Eliminate the negative
heard u selling socks  tighty whiteys!
Hmu i need some
Tequila sounds good right about now.
Tuesday your in CT which is near  I.
We need a LarryStylinson pic so lets sort this out!;
DONT BE NERVOUS YOU WILL DO GERRATE: i pinky promissee.
Winorlose you will still be my INSPIRATION!
Or as Woody said to Sid: Reach for the sky!
Great costume.
My daughter 13 is HarryPotter and my son is 16
Locked outside my apt but I have work today...
can't get ready out here.
That terrifying moment when there is a spider on your chin
I was born in 1997..
And I miss the 90's lol.
thank you you too :D lol
I don't like when people leave their idols for the next new hot act...
if you were a true fan you'd stay and support your idol.
changed name to
What's a beeline ?The shortest distance between two buzzstops !
At the antheneum Detroit preparing for a crazy night if celebrating and my birthday!!
When you catch a duck, kill it.
No, I don't mean utterly, but kill most of them..
Chef's knife, for sure.
Then comes the santoku  tomato knives.
I wasn't I was calling Erick
I want a tattoo from Kat Von D.
my rents are in sec DD
Happy bday bro
free dinner at 60 thompson hotel at 10 and then to private club rdv;
you wrote it!
Rise and Shine!
Heading to the hospital for some prechemo stuff for Gram, hopefully all goes well.
50ºF outside , yard work's done, noshing on paté and almonds, sipping Aviations with the neighbors on the porch in the afternoon sun.
Lovely
thanks guys  tonight I'm watching a Robert Rodoctorguez classic in my Catalyst Built cinema.
Oh so good.
Oh so good.
Through April, Marcum has been his same old consistent self.
Melvin totally whiffed on buy low opportunity.
cuz they use to bustin down
I wanna get my associates degree so I'd put it towards a new computer
aw lol.
Okay!
Niggas comen on to strong, Want me in they life as they Wife
I mean brah.not that spelling of that word is important.
yolo is dangerous for dummies cause they really believe the hype
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
Reoccurring Theme Today: Don't wait for the Title to Start Doing the Job.
Be Proactive.
WIS STEM via
Starting to finally make progress...been a long struggle....
Cinco de Mayo is one of my favorite holidays
Dude, I know it.
Have you ever seen me post I just ran 500 miles, and I feel fine?
staying for WGG  Congress.
Hope to see u  mid
A6.
Always following up build trust.
Compliments that are earnest and public build trust, too.
I will in a little while,promiseI've been crazy busy.I am also building my website...more infos coming up.Thks for asking!
Call me ASAP bro..
its about the shoot
By the time this slow poke get down here it'll be time to hit the
: They called the girl name to graduate and homie yells out Its about time!
LmfaoLMBO 
i want it to be with that one person tho.
:
Thanks for the RT!
We are happy to be hosting the dayparties this week during the MidPoint Music Festival.
Please go to brokenmic.com for updated schedule!
we'll go next time hun.
Just the fellas this time
No friggin doubt....and no
We could use a bike rack in front of our building when our bike messengers stop by.
It would be nice if they can lock em up.
Went to hockey tonight.
Then got asked to play a real game.
I'll take a 54 victory to start my career.
Meeting adjourned  questions can be submitted to this hashtag any time.
16th birthday: goo hard!
no.
stop.
Im Off to Nourished!
Listening to: Keith Jarrett Trio The Out of Towners
I would rather pay for luggage than have it fly for free if it arrived when I did or wasn't on tarmac 1hr after I land
I believe!
Go Damian!
Needs this tea to go directly into the vein
Make her say ah
My migraineesque night was apparently caused by food poisoning.
Has this happened to anyone else?
Patience, Defense and Smart Plays will  Cuse Win Exciting!!!!
Cheers to these Amazing
those do look.
Unfortunately nothing within 10 miles of me
Thank you too!
RT : Thanks to , /  professorssor Dan Isenberg for a great talk tonight.
you're welcome, you owe me
She yelling god you would think that god was in it ,but its just a nigga god invented
Might depend on and his Wii skills...
Find A Man That Won't Cheat On God, And You'll Find A Man That Won't Cheat On You.
How does your gf like them?
Marine out for Obama Facebook remark
some of the people i associate with a disgusting.
I get to sleep in and wake up a 730 am
RT RT!!!: I need someone who understands my PAST, compliments my PRESENT,  supports my FUTURE!
dance and change for me
Our GLEEfulweek glee clubs featured today are the Winchester Thurston glee club and the Pitt Men's Glee Club.
Tune in to hear them on air!
Great BeingHuman episode last night, and great cliff hanger to end it!
Fake news has become more popular than real news.
Our hope is the same happens for fake podcasts.
My pleasure.
Great event.
Congrats entrepreneur Anna !
Independent Fashion Bloggers released list of '20 Fashion Bloggers On The Rise' was included!
lol so what's up?:
Y u mad Nigga !
Hosting a dinner Wed.
night!
Don't forget to sign up for the restaurant round up!
yea i am
Dating or in a new relationship?
Try not to show your emotions alot.
Stay calm and cool.
Showing you're too into him might scare him away.
No doubt.
MMA fighters, good ones, are really smart.
They tend to be well thought out, very articulate.
Love them MMA men!
Let's Start Over!
Check out my new site www.high5creations.etsy.com  You will love it!
I'm jealous you're gonna live in Roma!
Showcase went amazinly well :
you need to come Soon, I have stories to share!!
just dandy 
DOG LEATHER MICROPHONE VANDAL ROUND 2 VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT/// HIT US UP
Just discovered the hashtag for ltf8!
Been tweeting from the conference this morning, but now it's official
Nice..wats the number?
Ordered MetaMaus: A Look Inside a Modern Classic and book 1 from Charlaine Harris' Lily Bard series.
Can it b as good as Sookie Stackhouse?
Nice, just toss that one in there.
I want a pony!
6 out of 3 only works on
wake the hell up!!!
OK CARLY RAE JEPSON JUST FOLLOWED ME
Celebrate the 1st annual, Pittsburgh Craft Brew Festival, beginning April 20th.
Sounds like fun!
RT : Please stay forever with me.
Lau, or somewhere else that's convenient for people heading off campus.
Congrats to Emily Fairey, Jessica Haas and Katherine Pradt  paper accepted to International Conference on Tech, Knowledge  Society
teachers that don't even know how to teach 
Wanna be in our next music video?
We need 5 people who will be featured.
Send us an email:
I REALLY Hope so !:D
Apple wanting to talk to anyone is unusual.
You can't go to bed at 6:30
Okay so next time there is a Burnham concert in st Louis we're meeting!
Lol
come visit us today and pick up some new accessories!
you might even find a new bike!
you could always use just one more!
Interview leads to article by Kevin Carey coming soon.
Looking for people to add, store and share materials in MN learning commons
: They had great season.
And, there is always next year.
And, what's your tshirt size?
IL Gov's shortsighted elimination of  for doctorg/alcohol treatment will have farreaching devastation to the field, even if  comes back.
Udemy have over 50,000 people learning on higher ed free courses
Touchdown better and now the win.....
GO GIANTS!!!!
I love how some ppl go to a different universe when they are txting
and the future looks so fucking good!
RT : i never look back, it distracts from the now
The DAYTONA500 race continues for the final 40 laps Looking forward to the Vegas race in March
20ThingsAboutMe I always sleep with a fan,  if I don't I tend to wake up earlier 'cos it keeps me asleep.
Stresseating my way through a tunnel that leads to the meaning of life.
From the sound of it, either it's new years, or the Russians are invading
Celebrated 17th century physician Charles de Lorme: qui plus en boira, plus il vivra.
hey there Delilah!
Thanks fur the rt!!
Praying for safe travels as we travel to Detroit to remember Robin Glover.
RIP Robin our Warrior in Pink!
Waiting for my flight to London now.
I will probably play EPT side event  3, a 5card Pot limit Omaha 8 or better tournament tomorrow
Tired of your holiday parties at the same place every year?
Then come check us out and schedule your party today!
Just got my flu shot
Just downloaded The app ,Instagram.
3 LOVE IT 3
ah!
followed us!
Skype me do!
What's your Skype?
Earth Day celebration now in the Oak Grove and used book sale in front of the library including such gems as Cooking With Frozen Foods.
Recommend directionality?
RT : Rush, just try holding a cigar between your knees.
Yankees closer Mariano Rivera currently has 35 career saves against the
FREEBOOSIE ......
touch down to cause hell
Its the fastest that gets paid and its the fastest that gets laid.
no I wish, place sounded amazing
Hope you're all enjoying the weekend!
Stop in tomorrow for a delightful brunch at LiLLiES DC WoodleyPark !!
I'd say Super Bowl MVP Aaron Rodgers knows his stuff!
RT Rapinoeawesome
I never realized how important you are to me , until you were gone ..
incredible, they look pretty calm :P
Gotta get paid what I told my mother
you already know...
PLEASE REPEAT LET FREEDOM SING!
waking up to this weather 
Haven't forgotten you guys!
Will keep you posted with an opening date.
RT : Dont allow adversity to steal your doctoram dont even let it conceal your ultimate goal.
100 okay with not having a Valentine
Well hell yes.
I will be your newest neighbor come June 1!
shawty whats yo name...that song is stuck in my head
When I see a sweet ass guy going for the wrong girl 
Good Morning!!
Feel like a weight has been lifted today!!
there are community gardens all over, might be worth seeing if there's one close to you.
Who's getting the calls now?
Thank you, thank you!!!
xoxo
: TRELLAAARR.
I hope you're ok and feeling better soon.
Me too  you ok?
Come in, Go out
Service Update: We are aware that some members are having problems logging onto Paltalk  our engineers are working to resolve this ASAP!
I DO TOO
Get to masterbeat.com Free your body edson Pride feat.
cyon flare is 4 on the top sellers list.
Are you here?
I'm kind of at the front!
I used baby kale.
They were...
not as good as I expected them to be.
Thats good...
Nice to here your doing good without me :p
LOL that would be crazy if it was a Lakers vs Clippers WCF.
No need to worry about Traveling
ohmigod.
SPRING AWAKENING.
just saw it for the first time
Good acting job by Kimba
butfiatisfugly?
RT : Effective compared to now separate Kohl's spots w/ Mark : Question: JLo  Fiat, effective or disaster??
Setting up twitter accts for myself  work.
Can't find my work acct.
Really twitter?
I just created it.
It's there.
I see it.
No fun yet.
ok pops
Arias has a forearm contusion and xrays came back negative.
thank you very much.
:
Another good night txt :D
The Lord is in his holy temple, and His throne is in heaven...
unless its poisoned...
We want to play too!
awesome!
with peeps?!
Last minute group cancel for tomorrow!
7  9am tanks.
Sneak into our busy schedule w/ 10 off.
Call and say 'I'm from Twitter!' 503.384.2620
there's times I cuss like a mother fucker, but forreal its trashy when people have to cuss every five words!
Ordered Underrated last night!
Can't wait!
3
I love that someone just pulled a Mortal Kombat reference!
great way to start a cloudy cold effday is with  Let Go , all time favorite for many reasons
Yikes.
That was a beat down.
Yeesh
bringing back so fresh.
Love it.
Dispute it with the card company imm'ly!
2days ago, unk chg by wwwamermallcom on my Visa, ISP says URL unsafenew card!
LOL.
I'm a belieber and directioner.
You mad, bro?
I'm also a mahomie and ICONiac and GRANDer and so on :
thanks for sending another pair of UA cleats.
Great customer service pays off.
being a money maker makes me grind even harder to make more money
lolz I'm always late to school :p
S/O to my favorite CSU ppl lolo  teetee love you guys !!!
Thank you for the precious card!!!!!!
Can't wait for you to meet Reese!!
Speak Life into yourself!
You are worth it!
the round green fox waslked over the tired dog.
thanks!
there's even soo much Civil War history in our own city  state, including the 150th anniversary of Antietam in Sept
I remember all of it!!!!!!!!!
Who's your fave character from it?
is wishing everybody a happy National Grammar Day!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 89
Investing in film is like doubleedged sword, such a tricky business to make money, harder than a tech start up!
yea yea lol was he suprised?
When by told him about the game?
most students away from vulnerability In what way?
Seems to me they're being exploited  defined by data.
Still have a gnarly cold but WAY better : Thanks for asking!
how is everyone doing
It's not a great day unless I get to hear teach people over the phone what a browser is.
nah i'm in jersey for the summer
Don't pay any attention to what they write about you.
Just measure it in inches.
thank you!!
Enjoy your breakfast from wherever you take it!
Special Thanks To for an amazing night!!
Apocalypse Eventually, Maybe
that's pretty gross thing to say lol joking
thanks : I can't wait to gradute!!
Showdown Practice  Noon ET Friday SPEED AllStar Practice  1:30 p.m.
ET Friday SPEED Showdown quals  5 p.m.
ET Saturday SPEED
i am ready to be ungrounded 2 things i caant stop thinkin bout her and ballin i need to ball god plz let me be ungrounded
When it rains all I want to do is have soup, watch black  white movies and build a blanket fort.
Most amaZing girlfriend
Yeee I got a troll face pin C:
Expectations today r disappointments tomorrow.hence look to fulfill unrecognized needs.
The Heat about to meet a different kind of team the Mavs have more then 1 really good player they got like 3...going 2 be a great
Movie in bio 
u cant steal that cuz i said that first so i won
Talk to me about the upcoming Chicago NATO Summit.
Museums are closed?
Is it taking over the city?
I'm not going to tweet just to tweet...
I'm not going to tweet just to tweet...
I'm not going to tweet just to tweet...
dammit.
bout to skype my new boo, never chase, just replace
Airport with bigmilt ready to go to the left coast!
Excellent convo with yesterday, hope she's still my pal today!
;
K pgroove finally bout to start at boulder theatre!
Does anyone know of a dogfriendly summer sublet in SF?
I found an inlaw unit, but it's not ready yet.
Thanks!
I found a new venture...
I'm goin' all in
love you, teach me how to tweet like you, taught me how to dougie
Thanks Justin.
Hope you can make it down to the Bistro soon!
Carnival with some friends!!!
:
Don't regret ...
But LEARN
Nicewish i were there.
RT : ; talking at iStrategy about doing well by doing good.
Get back to work mark!
I don't need help, but thanks for your offer.
Will this feature only one band, yours?
Or allow others to sign up and list their bio, photos, merchandise, downloads, etc, too?
Good morning!
xo
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Er'day.
I hate when im tired but cant seem to fall asleep smh Oo
: Wow ordered TONS of pizza for Boston's !
Design4Good  eat pizza this Sat 9/3 iconathonbos.eventbrite.com
when i wake up im going to be going to the gym then to practice for singing lessons.
: hope tomorrow or um later today will be good.
:
it makes u feel like a badass.lol
omg that scared me ;o lol
says he supports more parental control in public education public charter schools give families choice and control
Leaving to practice
I'm not sure what you mean by that.
: VIP motorcade around White House currently near Pennsylvania and 17th.
One benefit of not going through UnionSta anymore.
A woman that plays her position deserves anything she wants
you definitely should try lia sophia!
I've been doing it for almost 8 yrs now
at the Avalon in Hollywood on the 13th November.
Gonna be a wild ride!
iWish my eyes could take pictures.
will do!
Hope everyone is have a good week make sure you spice it up with some tunes from yours truly!
RT A hot bowl of posole makes the wind go away.
Ok, it doesn't really, but at least it makes it bearable.
Nothing man just living.
Hows it going?
Summer is nearly here, and it's never too early to protect your leather seats from the heat!
Let us give them a pro conditioning treatment.
so a vessel has made a mess...el...
Damien FloresSlam scenes are producing teachers in big numbers and getting childoctorn involved in language
Just got a press release for an iPhone app called Fart Alert.
I don't think we'll be posting about it.
Beyond the Sea is firmly embedded in my head.
I'm in love with your icon : you look so pretty!
Way too soon to tell!
RT : On tonight's show, which judge's team do you think has The X Factor?
Is there a website?
someone should be talking, so did gabi tell u that I saw jb on the way home from nj
Chicks before dicks
Job Hunting
Post it notes, not even close
In many cases, this raises bestexecution an eighth of a point, but there continues to be a lot of variation in pricing between lenders.
Shopping with my Sister Kristel.
:
your mind is my favorite mind.
no lies.
i'd probably trade my picture for it.
2day was huge for me.
Performed solo risk assessments  counseling seshes.
Though my feedback was learn to listen to their story.
you tell me i'm cute, yet you call yourself straight?
no nigga, you gay .
sorry that I'm a badass
Can someone help me?
We have our tv on your channel  suddenly a commercial came on for a trailer for a new HORROR film?
WHAT?
RT : How to Survive the Holiday Eating Season: A little thought and planning now may keep you from having to diet later....
Soon.
RT : When are we getting info graphics?
I would put money down that wins a championship before lebron.
Super Excited about TONITE   on Deck w/ some Island flavor TONITE
need to get this project done , I just can't find this article
The world of mobile software applications has evolved so rapidly in the past couple of years, it will make your head spin..

RT : Every1 knows its important to have a mentor  guide in ur career.
As obvi as it is, it's sometimes easier said than done.
Agreed...
very good stuff for sure.
Glen...
Good luck on the next move, I'm sure it will be the best move
Shark Tank was good tonight.
Last guy was an idiot.
Daymond had to dumb it down to the simplest terms possible to get the deal.
Moron.
heh.
Not at all!
Feeling so thankful.
Thanking The Most High God Almighty for continuously Blessing me and helping me prosper.
Great friday, waiting at the terminal for my bus c:
Always a pleasure ...
How many games we got on the schedule tonite?
your not aloud to come back to the clarksburg stands
Sup twitter homie
Candy Buy Back Nov 1, 46 pm...help support our troops!
in the end no one looses or wins
First person to tweet/Facebook us a picture with their certification pin wins a prize!
Be that person.
Show off your bling!
We miss Vinny!
GreetingsTwittees, I'm NOW Crying, On Oprah Show ProducerTom Shadyac Downgrading His Material World Increase His Spiritual Connection 
RT : Scott Van Slyke goes deep and the Isotopes win again...They beat Nashville 4to2.
Red hat streak continues!
Meetings are indispensable when you don't wish to do anything.
what kind of backlinks do you have?
hope it gets better.
Have a safe flight Kle.
hey Wes!
Its going by quick to me
good luck on your exam tomorrow:
No why him ..
im confused as to what part of iI CANT TALK you don't understand
Dang 3:30!..where did time go?
LoL Except for yours...right?
hahaha j/k
RT : Watching a chase from Chopper 4 right now on Hwy 45.
Tune into for cutins with
Good luck to all the new and returning Cannonballers!
58 are registered.
How many will make it to the starting line in Georgia?

movie time
I've heard stories floating around my gym.
I'm sure it's a jealousy thing.
Let's just say I'm glad to be leaving there
Looks like it.
And with Al Freakin Horford defending him.
RT 99 percent sure he doctorbbled out of bounds too...
spamming saying follow me wont get him to follow you.
So true!!
Also hate when a valance is to short  ready made !!
free wallpaper Neon Game for AndoctoriddoctoridMill  free wallpaper animated
My gosh, that would be amazing.
I think it's a capital idea!
OMG!!!!!
This old lady just coughed n her tooth came out.
And I'm not talking about dentures!
I see weird things daily lol
to each his own.
I'm 100 positive if you saw it, you'd be glad you did.
More than likely it's not what you think it is.
I HAD A GREAT WEEK!!!
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com!
Hey Chicago!
We're back tonight, with !
15 manicure  martini, 10pm, punk/r'n'r by Melissa  Lisa, tonight at !!
Cruising back to the D yo
Saw abduction yesterday it was good
Couldn't be better, having a blast, moving to east bay in a couple months
: SOMETIMES!
sometimes you just want some sex lmao
new meal this week  smoked salmon breakfast sandwich on an english muffin with red onion, capers  cream cheese
Wish you all could have just seen my wipeout in the middle of the street..
I'd give it a 7, plus 2 points for style.
touche mother nature
I want some freaking sushi is what I want...
thank you so much!!I had so much fun.Looking forward to coming back to London soon.ciao!
Big S/O to one of my former coaches at Old Dominion, James Johnson for accepting the head coaching position at Virginia Tech.
Congrats!
i should finish my Spanish project 
cause that's where I live!!
what's up guys?
Pls check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
it's positioning, not poisoning that makes you get popular.
A leader's job is to help people have vision of their potential.
John Porter
: Off to see Avengers.Tried yesterday,sold out.
Who else goes, just to see RoberyDowneyJr?
what other reason is there!?
no problem look 4ward too your tweets
Been on the takeoff strip for two hours..at least I'm trapped with a ginger angel!
Tonight shall be EPIC.
Long live the king!
the Republicans are nuts here!!!
I shouldn't be surprised, It is a nation that thinks news comes from Fox
Thanks, , hope your day is going splendidly.
I have no idea.
I really wish I knew.
xD
The vampire motto: YOLF You Only Live FOREVER
That moment when you realize you haven't tweeted in a week and are like I had NOTHING to say for a week?!
But I'm such a mouthy douche!
I don't even need to look at the link to know what picture you are referring to!
My boy right now 
So bored in class .
Follow me on twitter '',
God is in the rain
conquer local starbucks, go from there RT : I'm real, my ambitions for world domination may not be so realistic.
A wise man only speaks when he has something to say.
A fool speaks simply because he must say something.
Just rearranged my room to sound better .
looks pretty awkward.
Austins probably signed...
Please give us a report about Gizmodo Gallery after you go there tonight, Thx.
Lol I just needed something to do wit my life!!!
lol
If you're listening to right now, I wanna know what you think of our CovertoCover tunes today.
Good Morning!
All art is autobiographical.
The pearl is the oyster's autobiography.
Federico Fellini
did you know?Bingo is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box.
Loving this rain but I hope it calms down before I have to doctorve.
:p
I don't know why anyone would ever think about transferring from OU!
I love it here!
You're welcome!
Thank YOU for listening!
Happy Spring equinox...hope there is a spring in your step today.
Listening to announcers question Artest name change...
Hilarious
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Spent most of the morning working on computer issues in the office.
Now I need to focus on clients to keep the computers running.
You love me!
the Vegas gays say hey gurl on the road to Disney listening to your show
wats up boo I got ur message get at me shawty
how has he been doing?
Wake up call  630 am.
Can't wait to hear your voice .
Goodnight!!
And if you're getting back from the dance, GIMME ALL THE DEETS PLEASE:
Spurs vs clippers Let's go spurs 
...doctornk?
RT : Philadelphia had to break this open.
Didn't.
They will lose.
Predictable.
Ooh how I love watching lion king 11/2
Fuck everybody and their glad to be home tweets.
This car ride will be the death of me
That was a great day of football.
See you in two weeks for the SuperBowl.
Three push
looking good guys.
Now keep your feet on the gas.
IfWeedWereLegal gee whiz
Excited that I will FINALLY be getting back into the studio, check out my website at johnboatnerentertain.com
Why does the post office close so early??!
Now I can't send my late Cal Grant thing.
Ugh.
Fml.
uu
Hence the recent ballot box idiocy, one might suspect.
agree...RT : Dirk has more confidence in Haywood than Big 33 has in himself
IfIHadThePower I would go to Uganda and Get Kony My Damn self .
stopkony .
Out for the show!
Just heard the opening act Lucious from Brooklyn.
They're kinda awesome!
Every girl wants a bad boy, but they don't want bad things to happen.
The business building mindset is being focused on what you are doing.
On the input.
You You are focused on things that you can control.
Gilmore Girls, hands down.
Outside will be there tomorrow.
But where else can you get all that witty teenage banter?
I'm hungry though.
Hey!
Once we get these photos back from , we'll finally send our interview back to you guys.
Happy Anniversary!
Thanks for sharing your special day with us!
Ive had enough of you.
i should be doing this take home test, but here i am on twitter and facebook smh
they say i aint pussy but i aint stupid...
disrespect...
Imma be a stupid muthafucka..
Unbelievable two events back to back at Franklin Lakes New Jerey with over 15 stars...Get ready for april 1st event in Poughkeepsie
M I think we will go to the fair!
Stucco'd all week...need a snack.
LOL
I bet this scandal opens the door to a MaryMatthew reconciliation.
I just want to know how it all turns out!!
: Your car is going to be fixed, in the name of Jesus.
:Lol!!
Thanks Corey.
I've claimed it!!
Water.
Lots and lots of water.
H8te fake bitches!
I moved to CA to join a tech company.
Please stopSOPA.
This is the most important issue for getting my vote.
Telling someone else to tweet/facebook differently is the most awkward thing.
will be here in ALMOST 1 HOUR!
We can barely contain ourselves!
My man left out the coffee on the counter.
That's almost like making it for me:
lol yes!
Made me laugh!
I've read them all like twice lol
Angry birds space is fun af
haha what more could a grl want after a day of helping Audubon for Servathon?
ansr: doctornks and a Tunisian camel.
It didn't happen.
It was all a doctoram...no, it was a wonderful experience.
Great meeting  talking with you, too.
wow..
finally i can eat this food
you poor guy....
why do i relate!
i want someone to listen to my podcasts!
ha just suburbia.
will try for Suburban next time.
Wilson Phillips has a tv show!
lol they were singing that song from bridesmaids
It's funny how we can remember the lyrics to hundoctords of songs, but can't remember anything when we study for a test.
Love this!
My next house will have a bookshelf staircase...
RT : Finally a Tumblr site that really makes perfect sense to me.
I have been riding since 1971.
I ride almost every day.
My favorite place to ride is in NYC.
My son is 13  we ride.
lol you finally post.
Sitting here waiting for the toaster and I didn't even push it down!
haha you forgot : hoorayeeeeyay for evil planning!
Fugazi's Repeater is still one of my favorite albums.
Radio all day....
Needa get a life!
thanks for the heads up, should be fixed now.
I'll add your comment, thanks for the tip
text me
Morning skate was fun.
I taught C.
P.
some more gangsta moves today to use against my other former team when we win.
but does twitter love you?
Sittinq here at watchinq tv with the neice decidin if I wana cook breakfast or should I let my moms cook ??
Ima let her cook.
My Heart is real that's why I speak from it
Pretty sure my doctorver was laughing at my hiccups
Go with the flow ...nothing that you want is upstream.
should be there by mañana let us know if not!
ha!
Well, for those that don't elope :
Yes, if they incorporate creativity into an assignment where Ss display application.
I think being famous makes ur skin magical.
cuz i notice that whenever u see somebody famous that they almost NEVER have pimples and stuff.
Can't wait till march
Thanks for tweeting the stats from my preso.
3 was 120M people choose travel vendors to rack up 500B points per year
Listening to my memory card on the 360
: Thanks so much for serving as a panelist and workshop facilitator!
We're so grateful and excited to be a United doctorves partner!
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20
I like that, Matt!
Will be excited to read as well.
: At Starbucks filling out applications.
If you want to hang.
Ask for my number!
The Federal Independent Contractor Proper Classification Act will enable workers to request an IRS determination of their status.
I know but they are better than the grey ones and on top of that they are classics
Great saturday night!
:
I don't think we'll be in doubt about deuces this weekend.
If the Warriors could somehow find a way to get Terrence Jones in the doctorft we'd be set at 3 for the future
lol hell yea
Word is the GUITARMY will leave for Union Square promptly at 2.
: because we love you and the hunt, we set this aside for you.
album cover?
We think duh.
BEST curated goods in Nash
Ya but if it could do 3D modeling...
: But doesn't create a 2D image and need a 3D image?
They really need to ditch this segment, its pointless
GRAVITY getting pushed back to 2013 reminds me of when they pushed back ZODIAC from late 2006 to early 2007.
Couldn't stand the wait.
of course vinny loved the big teddy bear.
Follow my new twitter
Time for my bathroom break!
Thank You!
The ghost of Cantinflas?
Our Hero doesn't need a night light.
His heart glows in the dark.
Congrats on making the leap.
Beautiful words  thank you for sharing with us.
Looking forward to reading more.
I love you means either you just want sex, you're desperate, or doctornk until after you've known each other for at least two months
WIN STREAK!
Sorry, it's been awhile  had to let it out!
lol
The weather is perfect outside
Never punish yourself or others for a past negative experience.
Our lives are under constant influence; exercise choice in their effects 3
Writing is its own reward.
Henry Miller
Happy anniversary and Have a great time in Vegas!
Weird things overheard in the office: When's the next Zac Efron movie?
White Boo Gon Wild kill that
hang in there.
Hope you heal up soon.
I'm sure I'll see ya around sometime this winter.
Bean
been sketching, sketching, sketching the last 2 days...it's a nice change from computer work
you still there?
oomf Bald Headed Ass .
Really want to be on a tropical island right now, chillen on the beach, with a coconut rum and sprite cocktail in hand!
On the way to the French Embassy for private tasting with Remy Martin.
I hope to make the Nival ReLaunch Party in Chevy Chase.
RT  LoveSexNotes RT : Hate doctor ass people.
And they wonder why you never hit them up.
Im not with that one word reply shit.
Jared Allen is friggin awesome...the dude just motors for 60 mins.
Proud to have him on the team
Tonight at 7pm, catch the Dallas premiere of Berlin '36 at Studio Movie Grill on Royal Lane.
The film focuses on the 1936 Olympic Games
...give incentives in focused aware green communities and raise energy motivation and perception towards efficiency and engaged doctorevents...
Visit dc !
you are the fakest person I know, I can't believe I wasted my time with you fucku think again about that
The chicken that crossed 8th Ave NW has crossed the street yet again  this time to its home!
Thanks to all for the tips....
Minus about all of those but 10.
;D
Finished A Secret Rage by Charlaine Harris, author of TrueBlood.
I love her mystery novels.
Her Lily Bard stuff will always be my fave.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great week!
It really does feel good to be a nice person to others
Pain is inevitable.
Suffering is optional
Me: What's a good tweet, baby?
Leeann: I don't know...
I'm impressed you're on
Will video kill the camera?
Forget the radio star!
We run it and they know it
Henrie of Mesquite: Salaries frozen, no master's reimbursement, planetarium closed.
It affects learning.
tnx for mentions
Calm down you conceited bitch.
God clearly has a plan...
Man!!!
So excited!!!
On The Edge is absolutely amazing!!
I can't wait to hear all of it!!!
Or Judy you didn't hear BT's stone age phone's spacebar is gone
Little Yvette speaking about bullying at school.
Her big sister holds her as she cries about bullying.
Bahahah Justin: Roses are red, violets are blue, i forgave you and you forgave me!
Ah good times in english baha Jennifer and i were cryin
'iOpen a Restaurant' it was so amazing episode!
Cant wait 4 the next one,'iHalfoween'!
RT : Early morning!
Continuing my book tour on Already on my 3rd cup of coffee
Brand Affinity Technologies Secures New Financing Round Of 7.5 Million to ...
MarketWatch
Nearly one in five users tap into checkin services like Foursquare and Gowalla.
Thanks so much for the shout out!
If you or any colleagues need help or a place to start, check out the WeSeed EDU section.
The Review has given up on fiction.
No reviews at all except for Sam Sacks' column.
Thx for cultural leadership.
I So Wish I Can Be A PornStar Like You That Would Be Some Much Fun D
ChicagoSoupCompany releases its first weekly newsletter next week!!
If interested please send me a tweet response or message with email!!
: People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care.
Mark Twain
The times you saw only one set of footprints in the sand, Jesus was carrying you.
But I was carrying Jesus.
you need to push kids over too
Tiger's in contention.
I'm definitely watching.
I've never really gotten into boxing, but I definitely want to find a way to watch this MayweatherCotto fight tmister night
Oh, good.
Glad we all agree.
: how exactly do u debate against the bible ?
It's fairly easy really
my boys, if they so choose, will follow the same path.
my favorite book character of all time is anne of green gables :
I hate it when the person that always makes me happy is sad....
I wish I could give them the same happiness that they give me.
Amen MT Angela on academics:You must realize u have become an expert in ONE kind of knowledge, not ALL kinds of knowledge
Great to see you too!
Thanks for the cmu contact.
Was out of the office Friday so I'll likely find the email tomorrow.
Just curious, do you tweet because you know your thoughts will be posted, but lost in the shuffle?
I'm considering the anonymity of it.
Glad to be a part of the collective.
It's a Cannon  we actually got it at CostCo!
Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a camera latetweetback sorry :
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
A.C.
Carlson
HIV doctorg Tenofovir Safe During Pregnancy, Study Suggests
George, how about being a guest on the JT Show?
Because I'm on there yet :/ this summer!
: Oh geez!
.
peoplethesedays i tell ya!
NowPlaying: Do You Know Where You're Going To by
You sound madd lol at who?
RT if you're part of the ONE DIRECTION family.
YEA 1D YEA!
The line between crisis and opportunity is a fine one  and it's your choice alone which side you'll come out on.
anythung u want
Steve Alford from New Mexico and Randy Bennett from Saint Mary's say hello from Bishop Gorman gym in Las Vegas today.

the yardarm apts w/ 4 the Ice Rays Food doctorve.
come by.
5pm8pm
An interesting undiscussed topic: Plagarism/theft by journalists e.g.
trolling social media for then barely disguised new columns.
Loving my girl Madonna!
Nothing like watching Deadliest Catch on DVR and working on Cougar Week in Spokane
ITS OPEN MIC NIGHT AT !
We have 2 SPOTLIGHT ARTISTS ..
Alt/funk/Rock quintet, BLACK STARS  BDAY BOY, BUNNY SAVAGE..
1030pm
Nothing will work unless you do.
Maya Angelou
lol, I know right!
Nd I'm just watching tv, on twitter, and texting : hbu?
A year in review: Cosmetic Dentistry
Childish Gambino has always been dope as fuck
Dinner tonight...what a great way to spend Mothers Day!
Man City!
the mom in Malin Alegria's new Border Town series is a very strong character!
Sweet flop, Rozsival.
ughh , a really good doctoram Yee 
man oh man your video really hit me in the heart dude...There is a special place in heaven for dudes like you
Nah,the gearheads in Hollywood are just looking for the next big thing.
Home HD is inferior in resolution to theater
made a widget.
good morning.
Following back :
Awww thank you!!
That pussy so good,he let his friends try it
What do you do when your doctorams start coming true?
Let me know how it goes  sounds like something that would work really well at our library.
No pressure to finish!
We have a small handful of appointments open for THIS WEEK call us and get them while they last!
412.475.8192
..321 boom!
the Islamic conspiracy comes up on 60Minutes Gulen schools, US edu is crap on the global scale.Gulen works.
Don't fight it.
JENFEK fans are awesome we love you all!!
Congratulations!
Did you do other sports/exercises at the same time you were doing those workouts?
Working on a lot of movie trailers  Looking forward to sharing them soon!
What is another word for a python ?
A megabite !
Charles, you charmer!
Seriously how amazing is FrankSinatra after a long day of work!.
sigh

hey touching base to see if u will still be able to finish the HSSS stuff.
I know u r probs busy but just want to know :
Order your Christmas cards TODAY  www.threesquaresgreetings.com.
Just finished writing a happy engagement card.
This would have been the only time when attractive cursive writing would come in handy.
Wow Ryan Evans!
girl we going to get you a damn phone LOL...
Oh fudgenuts.
Thank you :P
Nerds didn't honor my request.
I fucks with One Direction
Feet in general...
Dom dnt fuck wit her old Bestfriend no more she forgot the kid
Already my nigga....
Smh that's wrong as hell..
Amazing example RT : Apple sells innovation.
Disney sells magic.
Volvo sells safety.
What do you do?
Ah Today was too hot  the sun messed up my head bad ;o quick shower than off to bed :
We think you are one of the most exciting musicians!!
It's almost to late.signupfor the PreValentine Speed Dating Event..don't want to miss this www.tristatespeeddating.com
Dont nobody watch no dang on Sprout anymore ...
ugly ole Channel !
The winner of WSH/NYR will prolly win the Cup, but I'm pulling for LA.
let us not forget to breathe normally during this crisis that resulted in doctorpping oxygen masks...
im out
Fact: kids who live in Texas and walk home, also get suntanned :P
thosetimeswhen you wanna punch someone in the face
A voiceover career cannot be bought but has to be earned.
please do!
It'll be good incentive no matter where I am in this ms.
Hopefully halfway through...at the least...lol!
Our VITA program is still going strong!
Call us today to get your taxes filed for free!
6041973
Good one!
RT : and 'typewriter' is the longest word that can be typed with one row of letters
Lastly, our winner for the state of Minnesota...
Surprising  govt has cut off funding to RECs to get new physicians on board, implementing MU.
Excited to learn you are hosting the Tony's again!
Definitely tuning in!
Don't forget the foie in butter and escargot in butter.
Love that place.
Enjoy.
Yep.
When I throw a tantrum, I don't script it first.
I just let it go.
Need your pool cleaned before fall starts?
Crystal Clear Pools can help
Flea called.
He wants you to put a sock in it.
Or on it.
So to speak.
life is awsomeee
Our Traveling Museum and team is ready to hit the road to Wheeling for the Create WV Conference!
Will we see you there?
remember you said she said if i ever need someone to talk to that shes there for me?
That was really nice of her.
Ouch  never heard of that!
are you doing anything awesome tomorrow night?
well I sort answered off the cuff.
With deeper contemplation, my answer might have been different.
:
: Ridin round down here enjoying derby weekend livinlife  how is/was it?
Once again i wanna say happy mothers day to all the wonderful mothers in twitter world.
has two great screenings tomorrow: 'Living Together' about alternative lifestyles in the '70s  Greenaway's 'A Zed...'
I give up.
Hi I luv u guys so much and i hope u guys r havin a great time dutin ur tours peaceluv u guys 3 143
Agree.
Easier in IA with teaching standards, but still work to be done.
Tch Stds have foot in 20th century 4 most part
Akinade: Number of scientific journals online in Nigeria: Zero.
OA improves link between scientific and production communities
Sir Paul so fucking amazing
well sorry then follow more people im just tweeting justin casue i luv him i want him to c my tweets
Going to church on Easter Sunday doesn't make you Christian
So.
Cal.
It's probably pretty easy, wouldn't you think?

see you on FRIDAY MAN!!
can't wait!!
Cheers!!
Oh, ok.
It wasn't clear to me if you just exported via WordPress or installed the plugin.
Yup thanks!
On the right version  I think it's just short a couple components
cute!
How can I follow you on instagram, btw?
Industry parties in New York, I live them, never a dull moment.
HelloFriday.
It took you too many days to get here!!
Sisters addicted to sex and the city idk if should be worried or not...
I really do hate when i leave something in the house !.
Thank you for reaching out to on our behalf!
It was so great to see you the other night!
Matt Flynn named NFC Offensive Player of the Week.
Ndamukong Suh named offensive jerk of the year.
Packers!
Now i know what winning is Charlie Sheen!
Some people taste wonderful.
Pardon my French
Trying to find low cost eye trackers, any ideas out there?
If there's one thing that I learned this New Year's Eve, it's that apparently lesbians think that I smell delicious!
Todays's PSA: I love She just gets it.
That is all.
Carry on.
Arguing Chavez Sr or Jr with me is pointless!!
Even I know I'm over the top and ridiculous!!
Photographing Pelatonia tonight and this weekend.
I'm of disappointed that I'm not competing though.
Maybe next year!
:
Why do people sabotage their own happiness?
Last day of fall before snow storm comes tomorrow.
Enjoy it while it lasts.
happy birthday!!!
Happy National Waffle Day!
Let's celebrate!
2oclocktwittertakeover get your shoutout in!
To be honest I really don't care xD both Coke and Pepsi delight my taste buds.
/
What percent of online content is needed for a course to be blended?
Is the level of interactive content a better measure?
I wish u could feel the same way i feel
April is APR month.
Detroit PR pros  are you accredited?
Share your experience and use
September SALE at JSJ!
All month long.
More amazing stuff for less.
ThursSat 127pm.
Get some!
good god paige!
go wipe!
It's been a long night and it's still young.
Almost ready to bring NewContent just need a couple more troops.
friend we going to have to agree to disagree on this one.
Lol, I love me some FUTURE!!!
h8 when you're watching TV or Netflix on your iPad and your thumb barely grazes the home button  closes the video.
Cannot.
Stop.
Eating Peanut Butter Pretzel Bites.
I'm sorry to hear that but yes it is still really soon!
Free coffee, and tea samples!
Get paid 2 doctornk coffee,tea, and hot cooca
If someone brought me a cherry limeade right now I'd love them.
Sometimes kids annoy me so much.
What has been your favorite Skillshare class, so far?
And why?
Who saw us at Firefest saturday??
: that show was just plain awesome!
It is policy to ask for lost equipment back as Sec of State Clinton stated and defense.
Dont expect it back.

Can't wait to see you!
Come on Man put a ring on it and give us, 86,87, 88.
oh no worries.
Thanks for letting me know!
I'll try to head in in the next few days.
We didn't really glue them solidly.
You know you've been busy when your quite on Twitter.
Hope to be in full swing by next week.
How is your weekend, ya'll?!
Definitely staying hme tomorrow I need a day frm them mfs at raby.
Lolol how much more can they get with you?
Jk.
XD 3
my room needs cleaned.
Guess what I'm not doing?
:3
Q1.
If you could visit any city in Germany, where wld u go?
Why?
TNI .
Sherman/Larkins Stadium  Pacific University Athletics
if they saved your life it should be on demand for the rest of your life.
Sorry about all the birthday tweets.
But i fuckin love my birthday.
Its the only day i have an excuse to be a bitch
Yea all the shows R podcasted.
I'm in the midst of changing my website all around but it'll hv everything on there shortly!
:
As many as 10 Bastrop artists lost their homes in the fire.
Some lost their life's work, including all their supplies  equipment.
during the course of a chat session to try and cancel my account, I received 4 different offers for more service.
Enough already.
Yes.
Member ticket reservation begins at noon on Saturday for Monday's game.
I am in serious denial about the current state of my living room.
Sigh.
There's only one person in the world whose opinion of you matters.
They can be found in your mirror.
Both of y'all shuddup and get out of my mentions : 3
Couldn't agree more!
It's always important to follow your intuition.q
please get rid of the mother daughter crying commercial.
you would have gotten like 3rd though
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Chinese proverb.
omg u are on a plane with jb
Best.
Compliment.
Ever.
Thanks!
// RT : Back Yard Burgers  than ANY fast food burgers
I ain't gotta talk!
people will say it for me!
even Rosetta Stone....
that is your
ALL THE OTHER KIDS WITH THE PUMPED UP KICKS
Thought I'd mention how good Anna Christie, despite the obvious beautiful presence of Jude Law, he is fab
One day you'll type in my name and I'll be rich i
you should check out this amazing kid his name is Dylan Hyde he's an amazing singer follow him !!!!!
At the first rehearsal with hired oratorio soloists, conductors should solicit their opinions regarding tempo
I believe you can call it acting and that makes it legit.
I would wager you are a good actor even if you are a terrible liar.
Lazy day today ...
Who feels me ?
aw then it's not as funny.
Well it's creepy and weird and you would have laughed....
I LOVE YOU
Why is Scottie Pippen wearing that Steve Harvey suit???
Lol
you know what I get what you meant now!
all cool man!
Oh!
This oughta be good!
I'll tevo it.
WFUD12 Interesting that the discussion is largely centered on journalistic practices; little mention of copyright law itself.
Russell Wilson, newest Badger : Go Big Red!
Anyone else notice that Zaxby's commercials seem to be a place where old SNL folks in need of money end up?
That was a good one.
:
Good luck.
I'm glad I never had to do comps.
good bout to go to practice
One of my favorite scriptures Philippians 3:14.
Check it out!
If we never press toward our goals we never win the prize.
ms.Santangelo said no texting, tweeting or ipods.
Hahahaha this bitch
Framework rupture of intestinal floorboards: ringing neck of birthing tube facelift: crosslegged in egg shell aftermath: O stimulant sphere.
Does anyone have any business data on how much a food truck costs to run in the DC area?
Where quality still lives...
www.WiseflyAutoGlass.com
Fuck you.
We've had the same shitty electricity running across poles for over 100 years, yet you can't fight wind.
watchin tron legacy and hear whats better about 3d than just watchin it the regular way.what a dumba
great, thanks
Something major happened on I5.
Two choppers hovering over near SODO.
have fun in Prague
listened to my commencement addoctorss about stress being good for you  the taste of victory is seasoned with past defeats

, TOTALLY just felt one here at , too  near 6th  WI.
Billionaire plans on building a Titanic 2.
I wish I had money so I could make a joke out of past disasters.
Pearl Harbor 2: The Squeakquel
Must have requested 50 of the same BEASTIE BOYS song at the bar last night.
Didn't hear one song.
My kingdom for a hot tub.
And a masseuse.
And a soothing male voice to read to me.
I'm a humble woman of humble needs.
To Know is To Love and To Love is To Know.
lmao i would be the one to doctorp something and make mad noise when I'm trying to be quiet.
ah.
I am, i'm not even kidding I'll pay for the tattoo.
I know pick whereever you want.
thanks so are you : 3
I want a new hair style :P
Hosted private clouds and hybrid clouds are the preferred models based on a 2011 survey.
b/c if a little is essential there is no such thing as too much?
RT : Santorum: CO2 is a pollutant?
Tell that to the plants.
Marking sprint: 25 project analyses.
Go!
Haha we always joke the best part will be the open bar!!
did you have a bad experience with your cup?
glad to have you along!
project x...its outrageous
Hey Rita, didn't get down til game time.
Surprisingly, I didn't even have a beer
New CBC Lineup Same as The Old CBC Lineup  The Mark
the flight at the gate next to me is heading to Detroit.
Should I jump on it instead of going to Vegas?
the phrase type good money is ghetto.
as hell.
is body surfing in a hurricane.
Whats the word on Clinton Portis, did he retire ?
your right about a hand can touch your heart.
I see it as being harder to get because someone always need somthing in return
really wants to follow her.
that would just make her day 100 times better!
:
gender and sexuality identity development  exploration, intellectual, emotional, social , behavioral...
When we fail our pride supports us and when we succeed, it betrays us.
Charles Colton
What a summer its been so far!
WE GET IT LAPD YOU HAVE HELICOPTERS
Macro Baby will open a new store on International doctorve in Orlando in October.
Another reason to love Orlando!
In business, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience.
Take the experience first; the cash will come later.
Harold Geenan
No caca , just kidding okay :
I'm a Met fan
stop looking at me swan!!
Hey, thanks!
SXSW is next week, thanks goodness!
addictions  txt/phone solution 2  explain to child how one addictive behavior like sugar can lead to others, doctorgs, gambling, sex, money

You may not end up where you thought youd be, but you always end up where youre meant to be.....
I used to have a business card that said, Writer, Scholar, Wise Guy.
But then someone asked me if I was in the Mob.
Great brunch this morning.
Salmon Benny's to die for.
Renee's a lovely server.
what was the name of that man that had the videos on youtube?
Looks like was right.
No mas Brite Futures.
I never tweet anymore.
Like seriously.
I miss some cool, serious stuff.
I Want Her back !
Meeka, I supported you 100 I stop watching the show!
Say what I had to say on blogs etc!
I still support you!
Care about people's approval and you will be their prisoner.
Experts saying Houston's 0910 winter coldest in recent history
Reality: Sometimes the best financial decisions you can make for your business are not the best for you personally.
Learning about obesity among Chula Vista elementary school kids.
Abt 25 of the district's 6th graders fall into the category.
Thought of this great joke, hope no one else has used: Terrell Suggs balled too hard.
i know when you say my editor you mean emacs..
what magic do you use to strip trailing ws from edited lines?
im having fun reading juwan and his lover buddy kaysha meassages From brianna
Thanks for the follow!
We'll be sure to fill you in on our next tasting in Huntington  Cheers!
Please tell Kiki Thank you for such a lovely evening.
Great work lady!
levvittawesome
Huge impact, yeah.
Not my fave Beasties LP now but a big deal to me growing up.
140 deep, departing public square in 5!
Twilight author Stephanie Meyer earned 40 million in 2010  this despite not having a new book released in 2009
online shopping trends: Alera Interval Series Swivel Stoolgray Fabric
U r so hot!
RT : RT : Sleep is so incredibly important to weight loss.
Do a whiskey sling then pile on the covers.
You'll sweat out the sickness in no time.
is he a good guy or badguy?
My thought: goodguy: go left, badguy go right :
Should be at Shady Grove in less than five minutes !
I do that way more than I'd like to admit.
Fb Family Its Time To Work Soo !
You didn't waist a year for nothing.
I'm so excited!
I didn't think it was too long hides her nails bitten down to numbs
I won't be getting that installed on any of my cars.
Just too much monitoring to suit me.
BIG BROTHER WATCHING.
I went with the Timbuk2 Command bag.
I liked the TSA feature for airport screening.
The video on their website was entertaining.
The observer effect is strong in this heisenbug.
I will continue to say all men are the same until one shows me otherwise!!!!
They just brought the troops home from iraq.
The way things are going we gonna be sending them to iran by summer.
RUreading The Contortionist's Handbook by Craig Clevenger.
Fascinating narrator.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Kahlil Gibran
you know it
Movie recommendation of the morning is Jim Carey in The Mask
Parents kill more doctorams than anybody.....Do not kill ur childoctorn's doctorams.
..SpikeLee.
BETHonors
Trying to plan something huge for my mans bday, this is going to be fun!!!!
cheerios are nice though.
still sounds like some sort of kinky preporno
I caved and joined Twitter...are you happy you little evil blue bird?
Thanks for the shout out!!
It's getting pretty old if you ask me.
It seems like most people want quick explanations, but the issues are complex
The Tavener Mass 'O Michael', especially seemed like a vision of transcendent goodness, embodied in sound.
We just finished a major refactoring that took a week!
: the codebase is freaking awesome now thanks to 's ninjary!
Love seeing Saints in the Dome, but glad to be home now watching the game with Twitterverse!
Ramen for breakfast.
Seems like Michelle loves her some Young Jeezy too!
's sassy.
just got back on the grid.
Sorry for ur loss friend.
Be well.
tired of being single in my life
lol you know me well.
Are you gonna be in Colorado in May?
I'm going right know.
Can u come?
if you like warm white sand and crystal clear emerald water.......follow me..
no tf it wasnt you can even ask her n she said mybad wen she walked off
Watching Harold  Maude while writing a 4k check to the IRS.
Such a mix of emotions!
Good Morning!
Enjoyed a delicious Christmas supper at the Wharf with a dear friend last night.
Today, must bake my last cookies to post!
If you eat a cookie and no one sees you then the calories don't count
give me some sugar baby lol ;
I can only imagine that it would be more easier for the network, plus having one point shows privacy and tech is not GPSenable.
check ur email
: Ben is gorgeous.
Things GIRLS only say on the bachelor ha!
If any of them passed Ben on the street they wouldn't look twice
Lots to get done today I better make a list to stay on track.
First thing on the list....
Don't forget to call mom
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 9
I feel like i need to walk around with a sign on my back saying Don't touch my hair!
I'm walking around and people randomly play with it.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
ikr?
i hear stories and ik ur normal compared to them
Spurs' depth pays off when they need it due to foul troubles.
DeJuan Blair, a starter most of the season, comes off the bench in second qt.
Thanks for the RT hun xo
nah but can u?
and do u really live in veages?
Thanks, dude...
I'll get my gf to wear my doctorpalcon tshirt
Day 2 of our annual Spring Sidewalk Sale, still a ton of great deals left!
5 tshirts, 30 football jerseys!
If you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why does it come with a little plastic shot glass?

follow this guy..
He makes some great music!
Text me!
!!
I'm bored..
an packing to go back to OHIO suckas
oh that is wonderful!
Thank u!!!
U should see the professorle version of that painting, crazy different!
It's his sister!
so I turn 16 tomorrow but an early birthday wish would be quite lovely.
BMA Milwaukee Student Networking Night.
Libiamo's Restaurant.
That's where I'll be Tuesday eve.
Where the fuck do they do this at?
Smdh I hate ppl like u...need new surroundings n ppl n my life asap 
Massages, facials, waxing, Oh My!
Austins not perfect tho who is you darn jack muffin!!
Go hate somewhere else !!
: Good morning people, my 2,400th tweet goes to none other than 3 3
I can't say anything with this chick around!
RT : Expect something good to happen today.
Let your attitude be, If anything good can happen today, it will!
Joyce
thanks and for your posts!
stay safe, yourselves
alright cool
I've got a good feeling about 2012.
I wanna bottlepop tomorrow.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!
Allison Harvard with 81,167 Followers on Tweeter
Could be better.
How are you?
OMG Princeton kissed Rocsi!!!
It was funny though
Disruptive startup idea: Conference call service where participant access codes are shorter than 15 characters.
In Seattle area  interested in innovative marketing ideas?
opened SummerGrove in Kirkland with interactive touch topo table!
Thank You
I refuse to watch this on the grounds of I do not wish to have that song stuck in my head for another 3 weeks
Ryan Braun just broke the twitter.
My third grade teacher, mister.
Piispanen, changed my life when she decided that I was a good student.
I believed her.
A3 just as tech has provided more  better ways to customers to respond to brands, cos can also respond to customers
TGIF to you both.
: RT BEST lunch ever.
Massage, wine and chocolate.
Thanks
Sorry to be picky, but COME ON LESTER!!!
Fashion is an imposition, a reign on freedom  Golda Meir
My arms are so hairy.
Im an undercover monkey.
VERY.
Send me pictures :
lmao i 4got all about that till she said somethin
I Love You So Much3
Doin big things is never my worry, it's havin' my health and the life to do it....
because ur sexy and you know it!
MY LLAMA'S COUSIN'S WEDDING GOT CRASHED BY VOLDEMORT, JUSTIN BIEBER, AND A UNICORN
Internet2 national research and education network is something we all need to be fully supporting.
Economic development depends on it.
Im sad now...
I just found out that i wont be able to audition until next season.
Cause i dont have enough money to do it this season...
Whats your favorite topping?
Your a good mommy you remind me of my mom when I was young.
Happy Bday wishes to your twins...
Be sure not to miss a tweet and
updating to iOS5.1 right now
Stay Tuned....The all new DM Williams Int Website Launching October 4th www.dmwilliams.org
mister bin del 1
That would be yummy!
Grateful for Chicago style hot dogs, and the many vendors thereof.
My name's Korinna and I like to threaten amazing people with power cords.
Hydoctorting like a sonofagun before Melissa's bday soiree.
Probably not good that I sweat out white stuff earlier!
The principle part of faith is patience..
Distracted by the fact that there is almond brittle with salted ganache ice cream waiting for me in the freezer at home...
Cynthia, thank you for sharing.
I actually think teachers, students, and content are linked.
my life would be complete if you followed me3
Welcome new Twitter followers and GL to everyone playing the Main Event!
Just explicate how page length has been too reinforced and kids churn out filler and must think brevity
Ok we are finally inside the store :
I sail, scuba dive, play football, basketball.
Casper Van Dien
hopefully he can get his act together and get on more doctorft boards.
I would feel better about my life knowing you were listening to Def Leopard or something.
:The most beautiful thing is to see the person you love smiling even more beautiful is,knowing that you are the reason behind it.
Fresh Prince until I pass out...
Coworking away today at Office Nomads...
One can see that man has been tailored, made to careful specifications for those things that study us.
you don't sound doctornk
we're jealous....but we have tickets for tomorrow :
When people completely change their account into a different fandom...
O.o
RT Tune in at 11:50 a.m.
CT today for a discussion on with Internet analyst
The beginning of the end of AIDS starts with you.
For club INFO contact
Me too.
I have this convo 10 times a week with libs and the frustration level is off the charts.
will u follow me
Hey Cleveland gals!
We're working on expanding our team!
If you or anyone you know is interested in spreading some Ctown love let us know!
Thanks to everyone who came out and watched us perform with the Koffin Kats last night!
You rock!
It's a good one for sure
make sure you get a Blooming Onion.
Double Celebration!
Happy Father's Day to all the Pops.
Junina Day 2!
Come on down and party up!
sure invite me to the group..anything I can do..do we get cool tshirts and bumper stickers?
Lol
Do you ever tweet?
Enjoy.
Look forward to having you at Super Bowl again.
Damn.
I shoulda pissed before I got on this bus
Awe Man RT : Aww man...
That swag dust!
Lmmfao
Us too!
Are there any cool stores out in Clovis that you would recommend?
you don't love kessel and Connolly?
He is a fisher ofmen.
the pictures in my phone 
: Not Hating Or Anything But Why Is Selena doctorssing Like That Now.?:o like what?
she should keep in mind there is nothing i do better than revenge
last time SOME family will be invited
: rocks...
Nuff said.
SimplicityIsBestForKindoctormarks // Thanks Rocco!
You're the best!
happymothersday ladies may god bless u with many more.
You're in my hometown!
Say Hey.
The time for reform is long gone.
This meeting is about innovation.
Finding new solutions...
Nice inspiration from
Love her or hate her, just like she said...
she's singing it at the grammy's and counting her millions of 
Great site!
haha I know right.
Cant wait till I watch it.
just called me at 6:24pm to let me know that the repair tech won't be able to come out today between 124pm.
congrats girl!!
excited about advising an independent project on subcultural masculinities in hip hop and punk next fall term.
I NEED Taco Bell now!!
not much lol
Why did I waste all that time on you when it was all a lie.?
Today's is going to be somebody's hitting rock bottom moment.
Just watched a movie called In Her Skin.
Left me feeling a bit sick cause it is a true story.
Worth watching I guess.
I don't think 's 11:11 should be a single....
It should be an ALBUM!!!
Ok so I didn't make it in today.
Big whoop.
Just gotta call tomorrow.
The world won't end.
Touché.
I finally caught PJ20 on NetFlix, so I can hold court whenever you all talk about that.
I dont like or hate Victoria Justice.
I just find her annoying sometimes.
Shes super pretty though!
:
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Saturday 05/05/12 is Sally and Dan!
Determined to get an R8 for a day aren't you ;
i know right.
But i got me a ipad so i could get on twitter more often.
Stupid allergies :
CAN'T WAIT FOR PROM!
3
And at the end of the day you're still the one on my mind..
I found a marian girl..I found a marian girl.
Happy birthday George Lucas!
Uploading a video tonight!
:
tweet me ;p lets trend something??:D
NO, you need to grow the fuck up and act your age.
using the new Layers app on Chrome....dope!
Goodnight everyone D I hope you all had a great day!
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion
idk then.
Cause that name sound so familiar.
Oh well.
remember that 1 time u ate meat off the Boston Ballet dance floor while singing Bat Boy?
Tell me you've used that for auditions!
coughing my lungs up .
.
.
French Proverb There is no flying without wings.
Throw some glitter, make it rain.
Men who lack understanding oftem make fools of themselves.
see there, thhe should have hit him even w/ the warning!
Dane Cook is hilarious
it definitely is.
Worked 9 hours yesterday essentially to pay for something I didn't even do.
Omg!!
Which store did you get it from?
I got the Costco edition.
Oh and did you finish the clockwork angel books?
If anyone has Heath Bell on their fantasy team, seriously doctorp him right now.
we all have that on person who is always there for you when you need them..
unfortunally mine is in ireland :
I am passionate about Lyric Opera because after a great performance I have what can only be described as an Opera High.
mix did not survive the zombie apocalypse.
RIP
there's just a little box there...oh and
Just max out on frog legs and potatoes.
Time to plan my day for tmw.
So hungry.
Don't want to cook.
What should we make/buy?
Watching 's biography on GAC and can only doctoram of being as successful one day!
He's a true inspiration!
Jon Skeety is an adjective at , as of today.
/cc
Just finished the strawberry lemonade.
It's all yours tomorrow.
No one would listen when I said the 49 niners would be great again I stay loyal to my team.
Bay area!!!
Thnk you RT : lol been there!
It's so annoying..
Yes you can be black and have long healthy hair that's real..
You shouldn't wear a belly shirt if you have one.
The family of a mother and son shot to death is speaking out.
Find out why they think this tragedy could've been worse.
at 1011.
10 women on the US national soccer team are in a Bible Study led by Athletes in Action!
Boo yah!
God is on the move!
Special thanks to all the troops who made it possible to enjoy a peaceful Christmas!
When people do something for ya and throw it in your face 
reruns of southpark.
fantastic
Hi jason thank you!
and that was a spam last night btw :
Boy crushes over here :
Im Big Nasty 2 my old brods...
About to head into our virtual session on the 21st Century Museum Educator!
Come see us tomorrow inperson at 10:45.
Today's BTU inspiration: The time is always right to do what is right.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'm happy I am blessed with a great personality.
I am ready for a great night.
Beautiful outside and I love my job.
See all you fish fry people tonight.
Nothing is always absolutely so.
Sturgeon's Law
I know I'm late in saying this but Shout Out's to and her interesting article in Nov.
Ebony.
You go Gurl!
Anyone read it?
TV Show I've been watching: Alias, Sn 3; Disk 5.
Both Michael's wife and his motherinlaw are in the Covenant.
Mutants: French mishmash of various zombie/infected tropes.
Nothing all that new here, but decently crafted.
2.897 out o' 5.
Listening to Weezer: Island In The Sun
In Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel's Studio Lounge Oscars Watch Party and After Academy Awards Show!
Election Day is November 1, 2011.
Anyone have anything on their ballot they would like us to disucuss in an upcoming show?
thats right !
This game is tough enough let along having a jockey that isn't on board to get the horse across.
If u don't want to do it make someone do it for u
Wow,..
thank you so much!
making my own NoH8 shirt.
: You're so amazing!
3
Gord Ash might not join the show now after finding out he's not eligible for the Braun print.
Only time women athletes get mentioned on sports media is when someone calls them a ho.
So...going to move on a school night and a dog that needed to go out at 4am is making for a slow moving morning for me.
If I had it my way, Id slit your throat with the knife you left in my back.
Que?
Has your account been hacked?
harvarddebate getting ready to begin.
The question: are libraries obsolete?
well put.
So did I.
the NDAA is not hope; in yout hands maybe you thought it would be used responsibly but it is wrong  abusive  the next will be
How can vulnerability and authenticity be present in social media?
Or is it too frightening to really share of ourselves with strangers?
I LOVE pad kee mao.
LOVE.
Yum.
took a long nap my fault
Thanks Claire, I hope you enjoy it!
They say you shouldn't judge a book by its cover.
But I am pretty sure that's only if you plan to read it.
But you will love them!
Jim Dale is the reader.
He's a master at voices.
U will not be bored!
: Haven't seen any ...
Haha was this directed towards me?
Already saw this one.
Don't you worry, I always look!
I'm sorry.
:c
where you at
Have You Seen The Show??.
Of course!
2017!
RT u guyz better do a reunion for 2007
JustDoIt!!
You guys rock!
....fan since the beginning.
Get inspired damn it!
yeah, well my room actually.
You can't see this from any of the other rooms
In Barcelona.
Long day.
Cool city.
Groovy hotel.
I'm exhausted.
I'm getting some sleep.
true warriors
New cupcake atm style machine in Beverly Hills!!
What's next??
Austin should make songs more often.
All of his songs are perfection, and his voice adds about a gallon of heaven to it too.
I love The Pit!
great place to play : En route to Albuquerque for the game!!
Let's get it boys!!
four productions of various and sundoctor things for the fall.
hooray!
Today was awesome the resurrection play was amazing, I didn't mess up!
Haha
Can't wait for next week and more of Star!
Loved too!
Y krispy kreme got a red velvet cake donut with sour cream crubs on it?
Shiiit good diet gone bad
Pizza, nachos  beer in hand.
Let's do this.
Go RedHawks!
Diagnosed with a tear in my left hammy.
First day of rehab.
Feel like I got NYK syndoctorme.
Get well , , and
I can't even watch the fake surgery on medical tv shows.
Good thing I don't work in that field!
Ugh I've worked three days in a row : and next weekend probably the same I don't have a life :
Aww man.
It's a beastie boys blaring kind of day.
welcome to Twitter!
It's a bit addicting!
He had his interests.
In general, he didn't add any more interests to the list.
OK I just followd
My PT is doctorssed like a cave man....Hairy legs, yuck.
Really digging HTML5 Boilerplate Great work by and friends.
COURAGE.
CONVICTION.
: Taking one term to declare where you stand on gay marriage Obama2012 gutsycall
Disappointed that the hot tub wasn't warming up quick enough.
Maybe tomorrow :
great case studies on digitization, including an interesting talk by
FYI, misterRogers' Neighborhood totally stands up; held the kids' attention the whole time
I don't hate this crowd but I DO hope they all get ass cancer.
Psychologists, for the most part, still being prepared to work with individuals isolated from their contexts
Somebody get the fucking rebound damn,enough with the second chance points
i better see you!:
no!!!!
That stinks I'll fix it
They are bad there too!
: well I'll avoid that then.
I'll go to Victoria Secret
what room are you going to?!
Obama2012 is now down by 5 and falling.
Support among men who pay taxes is almost nonexistent.
Gender gap?
They have InnOut in Texas now?!
Fellow Indianapolis farmers/gardeners  I need a recommendation for purchasing red worms for my new compost bin.
Please help!
Thank you!
hey there !
Echo this.
RT : Check that folks ...
all soccer scores are in!
...
Now onto lacrosse please.
If you think Hendo has a chance against Jones I will bet you your whole check Jones walks away wit a win
Why would changing your data break the API?
The point is to make it OO: /path/to/object?messagesomething
justin it would mean the world to me if you followed me!
3 :
What u know about seattle record producer Jake one?
How's the game?
you should just be the best YOU that you can be no matter what talents you have
I'm back on twitter!
Chicago bound with !
girlsweekend 
The Salesnet website has been redesigned.
Let us know what you think...
I still hav to do the whole thing I still have lots o homework
youll need the beauty sleep more than me so GO lol
I don't even like MiLK.
Not sure why there's a whole day devoted to it.
Already looking forward to getting off work.
I may play some ball today but I plan on working out my lower body
hold on yogurt is fucking bacteria?
students: Don't like Creative Commons questions?
Share your suggestions with us!
Congratulations to Julien Person on his commitment to Case Western Reserve!
Congratulations to everyone graduating today!
is livetweeting the Commencement ceremony.
I'm workin at the callaway house parking lot  the 7th circle of hell for cheer moms.
I am the angel of death, please move your tahoe maam.
Casually sitting in my room writing a list of people I wouldn't mind if died.
Yup.
Watching ThePerfectGame its finally on netflix :D
NEW WEBSITE NEARLY HERE!!!
so excited!
No hate here!
:
Some justice, at least.
so sorry on the wrong twitter handle!!!
Slow down and live life.
There is no reward for being the first to die.
/// Yea I got it.
I forwarded it over to the IO65 CEO's...
Met up with Davaun again!
I miss that little buttface :P
LITE version out now!!!
Let's play on your iPhone!
Im gonna be 18 in bout a month!!!
Talking to her way early in the morning 
I'm skipping this year too!
BIRTHDAY FUN HERE I COME!!!
can you give a shout out to
Louisville sure is playing sloppy.
THANKS!
RT Hey!
Pay attention to these!
let the excitement build.
Cannot believe MCA died today.
So sad.
I grew up thinking he was one of the coolest people alive.
I share your weather down here in Long Beach.
Windows  doors are wide open.
OH REALLY
You know school is back when you haven't tweeted in over a week
Sushi is SO GOOD
Have you guys tried snail?
I think that's the nastiest thing I've ever put in my body?
;x
Hire movers in Your area starting at 50/h!
Trucks, vans and trailers!!!
Licensed  insured!
Let us take the burden from Your shoulders!
I do!
I also by default have picked up the habit of reaching my arm across the passenger seat when I slam on brakes!
It was a good predictor when I lived in NYC, too.
Although I doubt y'all will have the freezing rain problems we have!
you bought another dog bro?!
Hey planet, can you guys please spin I'm Not A Gangsta by !?
The sweetest revenge is showing off how happy you are in life and not giving a fuck!
wanna be best frands?
LOL!
Apparently the cops came to ticket it and the car was gone...
At least I have my spot back!
This is why Met fans flip the Fu out!!
Its not easy!
I hope they loose this game.
They deserve it!
PostDocs are doing great work in helping faculty connect to new ways of synthesizing scholarly knowledge.
Enjoying the day outside with the laptop, looking around for employment...already applied to a few jobs around the area.
doctorpping off a payment.
Go to bed!
Tired as fuck
that beat is awesome!!
think convertable on the highway
Wednesday and I am tuned in to Political Junkie on NPR Talk of the Nation
Please help us reach out to more fans/followers and mention to yours!
We appreciate it!
RT The Colorado State men's golf team has won the 2010 Mountain West Conference championship
Robert Sheehan sexy beast and also
To the world, you may just be somebody.
But to somebody, you may just might be the world.
Unknown
It was great meeting you both.
I hope we stay in touch!
Mark Pinsky is deconstructing blogging and the blogosphere
You never really stop loving someone.
You just learn to try to live without them
Today Wisconsin is the news democracy, jobs, education  on restoring our tradition of open, honest gov.
Ok CeeLo, I mean Patti, I mean CeeLoI'm confused!
Just tapped Schooner Exact Seamstress Union Raspberry Ale.
Got a little too much of you?
Lady of America Dallas is offering no dues until January.
Call us to beat the sweets!
827LADY
Shaun.
RT Cant make up my own mind.
Should I watch Hitchhikers Guide or Shaun of the Dead?
Government extends online visa application system to 8 more cities  Economic Times
Dick Stockton.
Come on now.
0000001000000110101001101010011 We poisoned their asses.
tinyurl.com fit your URL into twitter
Can u follow me back plz
WEC and UFC merging!!
And still airing fights on Versus!
Great news!!!
Get in my bed.
Im home semisick tonite, but I will not tolerate this kind of a boring summer.
Where my homies and summer girls at?
Lets live, not exist!
New Years Catering as seen on KOIN Local 6 www.sendacake.com
Hope you enjoyed Ballet Met last night!
We're hearing rave reviews.
Boston Ed struggles: state decides teacher evals, closing public schools, opening charters.
Divides membership.
Talking eBooks at a retirement community later today.
Will I be pursued by a mob of cane wielding, seniors?
I'm excited about the World of Wine in Temecula this weekend.
Anyone else going?
Follow me Sat.
as I taste and tweet.
Is it possible to get me in touch with someone in Seattle who may like to sponsor, or can sell at wholesale?
Question of the day.
What is your favorite tequila?
that's awesome.
I'm jealous.
We have way less cool symbolic things in the Roman rite.
Gay Outlaw
Omg.
I've been in love with Mark Ruffalo to a point where I think he's more attractive than Ramin Karimloo.
SOMETHING ISN'T RIGHT.
Silver usually means you're old, doesn't it?
:P
What a craptstic week that was.
Being TypeA is def.
biting my ass recently.
Happy Mothers Day all you special moms out there!
Thank you all...
outstanding fines?
owe the library materials for books you lost?
post a question and ill give you the best answer to get it resolved!
Same to you!
Thanks!
RT : Happy Friday!
DEAD ASS ???
o.O Creepy.
Yes.
And finally all my Pokemon questions will be answered.
Pokemos look horny all the time btw.
Stuffed after 2nd Thanksgiving dinner tonight.
Think I need to run again tomorrow morning to burn the calories!
Single and failing to mingle.
Follow  RT for chances to win next week's Starbucks Gift Card!
New winner announced every week.
Thanks much
I think Strasburg start got changed because of a rainout : Going to Dodgers game wed/Fri night!
Fri night kershaw vs strasburg.
heyy lovely: how was the fair?:D x
you did amazing on the today show!
thanks for the follow:
Aight let me get doctorssed...
CAD2012 panel of state departments talking about working together to make it easier for families to obtain services.
0o I thought we we're followers already?
Crazy A Phone!
Deepest of all satisfactions: doing something of great intrinsic value that makes a meaningful contribution.
Collins
Huge thanks to all those following.
I changed from to Never imagined this amazing PLN...wanted to go less formal!
Now Twitter has brought me a litany of death that is almost too much to bear.
RIP AnnaBrown TrayvonMartin ShaimaAlwadi Rekia Boyd
Bad call in the knicks game...of course boston gets all the calls...
pats, bruins, sox, celts all get the calls
i hope your stunt falls..
Friday debate: Which is better, winter or summer?!
DM me your email and I'll send you a free copy of my book, The doctoram Job Program
Agree.
Love her makeup too, understated but pretty RT : Love Gwyneth's doctorss, but not the hair
This week spinning in 3 different Halloween parties: fri , sat , sun !
Contact me for info tickets and tables 
Enjoying reading and sharing your content and welcome the opportunity to link with you!
retired captainin Smiley.
If you have one, keep it...he'll be worth meeellliuns some day!
Cheers 2 U RT Glasses up to new amigos
I won't leave you ever, I will follow you, wherever you go Mary Magdelene spoke these words to
PRIMARY NIGHT: Wisconsin Reporter cohosts Primary Night Roundup, from VCY in Milwaukee, livestreamed on WR, from 9 to 11 p.m.
For every beer doctornk 2 glasses of water!!
Wanna win gift cards to your favorite retailers?
Enter for a chance to win on our NEW GIVEAWAYS TAB.
I could break everything in sight
Hey Luke if you see this can u plz follow me i love your movies and have all ur songs ur amazing plz follow me 3
Kentucky this season had their fewest personal fouls per game since the 19441945 season.
I had somewhat of a handle on life...
but I think it broke!
it is the last Palmer fest!
Gotta go out with a bang haha
D Yes.
Walking around in North Philly at 3 am you'll see some interesting things
News media in Madison WI looking for a fun folo to MIttengate?
Contact for a heartwarming feel good story
thanks doll!
:
AMBER ALERT Edmonton, KY little girl 3 yrs old, picked up by a man doctorving a gray car, license plate:Q72B381.
What if I did it now?
Would it hurt less when that time comes?!
Ughh
Rappn was never my doctoram until I rocked my first crowd
I wasn't PLANNING on going to the gum tonight, but.....
I'm hashtag crazy.
Thanks for following us at
OK BED FUK IT...LONG TRIP HOME TOMORROW!!!
CAN'T WAIT TIL NEXT TIME CHI TOWN YOU ARE THE SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
People know there's something wrong, BUT HEY, there's a sale at Macy's
Why you gotta hate  try to make me jealous thoo !?
Dont think that I dont know, cause believe me, Ive been knowing.
I love baking vegan goodies :3
After hours of debate it's tabled and then forgotten and out of ambiguity comes certainty
well my car's being dumb...
But i'll go over soon as I shower and pick something up at cesar's
We're gonna keep this Revolution Rolling strong!
Thanks for the props man!
Hey!
Hit my text with your email!
:O
agreed!
And the Burial Insurance emails need to stop as well!
I need a break...
Five reasons Adobe's CS6 subscription is smart  CNET
thanks, pal!!!
Remind me to never, ever again go to the zoo on a free day  holiday.
Also, when did Spanish become our national language?
that's AWESOME!
That's what that is.
Time for work
Avengers definitely worth the price of admission.
congrats!
Now come to Kentucky to celebrate!
TREE INFO don't forget to water new plantings!
Had a great time demoing last night.
Thanks for a fabulous event Bob!
Well tonight got much better
Sensate focus was originally conceived by Masters and Johnson.
It involves a stepbystep sequence of body touching exercises, moving from..
Tribe are for real.
I got goosebumps .
i love hearing old throw backs I used to love
Thank you 105.7 for the racing tickets you gave away at the Sunoco Station in Clarksville MD Friday.
Now lets go eat some crabs at Jimmy's
I have come across her name a few times.
Do you remember if you read about her in a book?
I hope I remember stuff like you!
Me too!!
I'm about to head out for my lunch break, which will just include a walk :
Congrats!!
We hope you and your Jetta have a very wonderful life together, filled with road trips and easy commutes :
Starting to get into this art shit that everyone's had their collective taint in a bind over for the past few years.
The New htc phone for tmobile looks very nice
The weather never disappoints out here in Tigard.
The answer is jobs and a city that doesn't try to be a suburb.
Where on the Website?
I cannot find anything like this when signed into my acct.
Is it outside?
If so, link please.
Thx!!!
Have fun in Indy ya bum.
Standing in line  Sam's Club, returning my Garmin Nuvi GPS.
MY palm Pre has a turn by turn GPS
ha ha.
Me too!
That was a good game...
HI Lauren!
How are you?
I just need to know your dog's name for the dog tag which you are picking up on Saturday.
Thanks!
At the Eastern Shore....it's practically tropical storm conditions out here!
Congrats to the CBS This Morning crew.
May the wind be in your sails .
My excitement over discovering Netflix makes me feel like that middleaged couple that got their first computer in 2007 omgyoutubes!
Thanks for the RT!
Here it is, people.
The award for
As far to the right, the right has moved, is being in the middle really something to proud of?
If you all about being the bet then show that you can be the best, don't just say it.
SMDH
Get ready folks!
QA on Branding Yourself Online featuring is about to begin!
that would be rad!
We are recording a new album now, but when we start up again we will hit you up for sure!keep in touch :
10 SECONDS TO WIN 5,000  Entrepreneurship 101 selected as Finalist in Ashoka campaign  vote for E101 at www.changemakers.com/Revelation
Damn crazy how that cop tried me.
Lollipops turn into cigarettes..
Haha so funny
I did!
I wonder if a boy ever looks at me and thinks wow, she's beautiful.3
Sure, but I don't think anybody is fretting about the future of Harvard or MIT or the rest of their ilk.
LOVE that your stronger single is doing so well!!!
Wish you would have strongertour2012 came to Chicago!
Still love Ya lol
Looking at those SEC East schedules  Get The Picture
If you have an iPhone, our ShoeBox app lets you quickly scan and share collections of old photos!
ain't tat the truth, LOL.
Felt the same way on Sparkle waking up at3:00 am then putting in 16  18 hrs.
Lyf of a MU artist
Who's going to be crowned the next ?
Place your bets!
i miss you.
can you go tonight?
:
Last day of work before my little brother ties the knot!
I get a 4day weekend, 4 parties, 2 shows, 2 new doctorsses and a sister.
R.
Kelly comming to Boston!
Count me in and front row.
It occurs to me a goodly amount of death metal is lyrically indistinguishable from emo.
RT : Win 's 2K Kids Choice Gift Bag!
Just add and RT to win!
ADD OUR MYSPACE!
myspace.com/pyroproductionstx
Hopefully this dance doesn't end up looking horrible tonight!!!
'no matter how hard other try to fix themselves just to look good,if they carry out fake personality they are still UGLY..goodevening!.
haha yep!
It was great.
Looking forward to next Saturday!
Lets chat this week
's themes DO rule.
Been using them since my first blog.
:
Election Day in France!
Bon Courage!
Tell the managers, Library Director, anyone who will listen.
NO JOKE.
Please!
Aw!
Yeah, I got kind of burnt out with work and needed a break for a bit.
But I'm back and stuff's happening!
:D
tech in earlyed session room w221d/e happening now!!!!
Awesome stuff
confession: I can't not use a semicolon if I think it does the job better than a comma.
ever heard of Blackberry smoke?
Just saw them in Chicago they said they were heading down by u.
: Never thought I'd be blast'n Beiber but feel'n his song if I was ur boyfriend dontjudge glad you decided to join
My uncle started linkedin
he was so young...
Acting like you cant call me and VENT though..
Ain't shit changed..
You got the number hit me if you need to..
let up see it please?
:D

It is true when you are meant for each other the love between the both of you will never ever fade 
Very good thanks!
I followed
right, but just CNs for speech?
maybe, but you'd want to understand how things such hemianopsia occur
Hi Sara!
Exports can sometimes take a few minutes to process if there are lots in the queue.
They should all be done now.
Sounds good.
Onsite and Remote IT services for Small Businesses.
We also provide residential services.
She can't message me back but she can tweet
ok now I HAVE TO GO TO BED!
GOODNITE!
Great story by my honey!
wrote a new blog post.
The big race is coming fast.
What do you stand to lose or gain?
bit.ly/oGperj
There's something about grilling out that makes it all better :
that is so true...
Love is like a fart.
If you have to force it, then it's probably shit.
This Song Will get You Geeked!
Lbs
Huh i need to meet mindless behavior fucks that !
I am a HUGE fan of the text messages that people send me saying, call me or check your email.
/sarcasm
yeah, the idea is just unique in viral marketing
Sugar Hollow Road flooded by Moormans R.
1.5 miles from Piedmont Store, impassible for now
Missing the point of my statement...but OK.
Do you envision a sizable step backwards for the Ducks next year with Olu, Jacob, Joseph, Nared, and Sim all graduating?
RT Check out the Artists Intel interview conducted by www.MyLifeIsNY.com
Thanks lady!
:
I think my favorite performance from the BTWBall was Scheiße.
The choreography was OUTSTANDING!
Im with the Celtics now they've always been my second favorite team Rondos biggest fan 3 :
there's a bird in the school!
RT managewp.com Interestinglooking platform for running lots of WordPress sites  Thot wordpress did this natively now
haha, even your twitter avatar has taken on a west coast vibe.
hope the launch is going well
through our ups and downs, i'll always be here for you girls.
I love you two, never forget that :
harlemlibrarian: SLA2009 I need some help: How do you define analysis?
Do you call yourself an analyst?
What is your title?
Made it to the windy city
Does anybody else get 'followers' that unfollow you a day later when you dont follow back???
I'll call her  tell her..
By okay, I will try to have it by today, and of I don't then sorry .
Omg!
Somebody retweeted that shy!
Lmao!!
You call her a whore, I Just call her the gift that keeps on giving
.
Can you give Reuben Pemberton from Vacant Property a bonus for customer service, and tell him not to burn himself out?
Breaking Now: We are sending crews to a fire near Highway M  Watts on the far West Side.
a nice saturday morning walk with
songwriter end recording artist in GH
Who do you miss right now?
Great pitch for Art Rover!
About to eat something, so I wont be starving until its time for my lunch break later.
Who's winning Mayweather or Cotto so far?
There you go.
Circa very early '80's .
Athens, GA.
Rock.
Rock Lobster.
Rock and Roll.
HIghfiving from afar.
imsinglebecause Brian Boyle Hasn't Found Me Yet
You were in my lineup on my fantasy team in championship game.
Oh well its just a game.
Merry Christmas
Enjoy Sunday ...
Still in sweet home Chicago.
Finishing up grad school in May, woot!
cool!
Don't seem mad to me, but consider the source:!
Here's to insanity!!!
Reading a couple of ghost stories to kick off October..ah yes, and squeezing in some studying.
Well, how about that!
I hope your BBQ was great!
I don't remember ever seeing anything like this before, wow
ThatAwkwardMoment when even tho I have mlbtv, I get lazy at times and watch the cbssportsline game tracker smfh
Hi people's nothing to do at all
If your job is customer satisfaction , your real job title is ProblemSolver.
You're right.
It isn't THAT rare.
Just kinda rare.
what the hell is he doing ?
Agreed the issue is the offense.
Though Berkman only has 2 RBI they miss his presence.
However blown saves are blown saves.
Why do you think I'm such an insufferable old grump?
A decade of using Linux on the desktop will ruin a man's demeanor.
The fact that I just misspelled Hume wrong haha Lln!
I am lifelong cinephile and highly value the opinions  insights of Youtube critics, particularly .
Thanks for RT
that's a dance dare?
Seems to me that Woburn pedi is my second home
mixing Will Kennedy's' doctorms on my tune Lightning  Fireworks for Simply One cd, crazy intense playing!
Wow!
Thanks for the retweet, Paul.
I wish you much success in 2012!
I'm a 15 year old singer
if u follow me we can DM?
All of us, in one way or another, were heading over to make the world safe for democracy
said, 'the Barackness Monster'!
deaded
uh when i click on the G link, it says page not found...
im not sayin...just saying....
fix your link!
;
Finding images on is like dessert for my eyes!
Sweet!
RT .
dad just bought 5 tickets to the heat vs bulls game!!!!!!!!!!!!
12 ROW
We can't hold a spot without a deposit.
If it sells out, it sells out.
Register ASAP!
probigotry.....
Morning,going to the gym 3
what editing program do yu usee?
I worry whether God hears my prayers or not.
I cry teardoctorps of my worries.
I am careful and carefree...
Welcome to the fight, Cotto.

but how many of those signers work in fields where Elsevier dominates the academic publishing market?
Lawrence and the Exterminator Coworkers
Yeah baby, yeah!
I do not understand your point..if 750K is chump change to a soliciting school then why not make it 5M as liquidated damages?
you're wearing jeans?
Pray Big.
God will grant big things if you Ask for them and are big enough to receive them Norman Vincent Peale
The epicenter of the 6.0 magnitude earthquake this morning was off the Pacific coast.
ICDS students, professor,  staff are safe!
Resumes should be built on your accomplishments.
If you have solid accomplishments, that is the most important thing.
19 hits.
Lol.
Can Cruz get the cycle??
Summer fun has begun!
Are you enjoying your pool?
Enjoy crystal clear waters with Aloha Pool Care.
7607987321
Hey there wishing you a wonderful sunday.
take care
That's guud and its wonderful do yu still have the same number ill hit chu up one day
I love you.
Thanks!
Halloween is my favorite holiday so I had no choice but to make a spooky song!!
I have u livin life like u should you can have it so good.....HAPPY WEIRD/WACKY WILD WENDSDAY lol have a good day ICONiacz  Kita
BackInElementarySchool I always wanted to be the messenger
Happy New Year!
Wishing you an exciting and safe 2012
No one gives an actual fuck about you anymore.
Must a scholar know how to program to do digital humanities?
RT : You all have the best freakin' chicken wings on the planet!
I can't get enough!!!!!
Hanging with the kiddos at Dell Childoctorn's!
No worries, ladies!
We'll have other summerofdoctorsses gatherings.
I love me some Panda Express.
Oh you don't like me?
Sorry to hear :
So my dad decides to buy himself a harmonica.
Haha, ok then
I uploaded twice today guys...
like a boss.
YOUR FUCKING COOL, bye.
your the most pathetic thing ive ever seen.
But I'm scared!
I'm no good at dating or waiting to be asked out.
Wow so many new followers!!
Thanks for all your support guys!
and I just listen to some of your songs and I love what I'm hearing girl 
very honored to see you following me.
Love your material, learning to put in practice.
Finished one grant two days early and a second grant 36 hours early.
This is a record of some sort, and made the allnighter worth it.
ya casi me sale el paso siiiiiiiiiiii
: Twin peaks Who killed Laura Palmer?
Got to get a few art materials and groceries.
Must remember twine, metal, altoids, and chocolate coated raisins.
So want those raisins now.
I just kill all these girls w.
Kindness :
Missing by best friend and lil Sis !!
awee I hope Nick Jonas gets better :
They love to trick us with great weather during the week, then give us the craziness during the weekend
...
Yep ...
Happy Birthday Little Lady!
Thank you for following us!
What is Bynum thinking?!
when can you get u get on ur pc again???
;33
I believe it's a wooden ship used to transport clean needles overseas.
BUT, I may be way off considering that was a guess,lol
I'm stuck at five pages.
Ugh
man im starving in this bitch!!!
i will.
She would love to hang out with me.
it seems that acadlibs haven't learned much...given that many are still trying to breathe life into those IRs...
Congrats to the men's hockey team.
NCAA Div 1 National Champions.
RT : URGENT NEED: Vehicle repair for a CHD patient/family in Knoxville, TN!
DM or email to help!
: Awe Anytime  Aye Girl Where You Live So I Can Tell Them
Twitter say, I'm unable to follow, cuz I followed too much people today!
xD
Consumers who are ready to buy, and trusted contractors who are ready to work.
Look for more information starting tomorrow!
Cards arrived!
happy happy.
Hey have a great Labor day weekend.
have a happy Labour Day wkend
yeah you should see it theres all these people stranded out on the streets cause they had to evacuate buildings.
any chance they don't sign hultzen?
Or any of them in particular?
only she would say that lol
cool!
will let you know when we're going to try and get together.
do you have a specific time that you'd be available?
A pencil went through my foot right now.
ow 
ouch!
Ira Glass mentioned that there would be a reshowing on Tuesday, I believe
Reader Travelogue: Cultures, religions clash, blend in vibrant Holy Land  Memphis Commercial Appeal
Life requires thorough preparation  veneer isn't worth anything
Santino and his Damn cobra.
When is Cody Rhodes getting his push?
Lacking heat, they cracked themselves up for kindling.
Holy fire smote the best of them; divine barbecue for the masses.
girls cry at night because they know there not as beautiful as you:
: academics into comics/cartoons, believe in dissemination  public engagement?
We want u: bit.ly/pAeopO loveHE
Oh Shoot!
Ladies are starting to plan and you know what happens when we do that?
A whole lot of awesomeness.
Cuomo: if legislators don't vote for new redistricting process it would be political suicide.
Haha!
I'm glad!
I hope I won over the debate vote
redbull cupcakes sound better than some flavors I have seen in shops
thanks for a great conversation and all i want for h/c reform is the best solution for the ppl.
I dont care whoes idea it is
Stop on by when you're in town.
We'd love to see you!
Workout flow then my beautiful baby boy is coming over.
Miss him!
I want sum Yogo Berry :
might cost some  but PAC 10 a better fit for buffs.
No panic they have been looking at a pac10 move for years
Psh ArnoldClassic !
What about this classic?
Joan Rivers.
She's at Capital Theater tonight, cbus .
kenz!
this song has got to be my all time favorite of yours, it's absolutely amazing!
xx
I walk into the library and the sky opens up with snow.
Don't worry, this is just a
keep confusing disease  desire
Annoyed as fuck.
Yes, it has dual monotrack 3.1 inputs.
I think phantom power will be enabled by its release.
Ok, it's teacherappreciation week  still hasn't rescinded my pink slip even tho he's going 2save million w/furloughs Thx!
are u out of town again?
Don't know tbh.
Could be.
Happy Mother's Day from !
Orchard Lounge is coming to Baltimore 2nite Going to be a great night!
U should come!
My doctoram last night was of shark terrorists and the race to foil their plot with Twitter and Facebook...Gotta stop watching TV before bed.
greeting from america
Played tonight for 1st time, LOVE it!
RT : On the couch with Jionni playing doctorw something.
ADDICTED.
thanks.
Was there couple months ago.
Legendary Belgian frites.
Holy Crap Colt just tweeted!!!
He is still alive lol
More sleep needed!
:
It's Official!
New Edition will be at the Tom Joyner Family Reunion!
If you can't wait until then they'll be in Indy May 31st.Get your tix!
I think their splits are off
Making fun of are we?
Punk rock princess, gimme a ride, I'd rather break the law, with you by my side.
In abandoned buildings, we'll marry our lights...
I'm in a bad mood.
It could be that I'm about to get my period.
Or it could be that I'm right, and everyone should just EAT SHIT AND DIE.
To penis post or not to penis post, that is the question
My dad is leaving for Oregon tomorrow  I'm leaving for DC thursday.
I won't see him until sunday night.
really sad.
I think he has a shot.
His sluging percantage is way better than all today's candidates.
I am what I am.
Love it or leave it!
But if you love it, share it :
RT : doctorpping something Fresh on Sat
you were great today.
thanks!
Miami next week cant wait to gtf
Beginning to put together Babby's First Book Proposal.
ask him at lunch
I can't get over how awesomely bad Revenge is.
I can only aspire to scowl half as effectively as Emily VanCamp.
OH at the shop: What school do you teach at?
I'm at one of the swine flu schools.
Have we learned anything in Iraq?
Gaddafi is 1 man and Libyans must defend their wealth from the rebel gangs in Tripoli.
the vampire diaries next week is going to be so intense.
Sometimes I wonder if how I feel about Tori Amos is how Christians feel about Jesus.
Jealous man, why you there?
Also; usige beatha before dinner makes more sense when it's been raining for a couple of days.
my DM's aren't making it out for some reason.
I'll try again soon
I just need to start leaving my doctorver's license in my car so I'll always have it when doctorving.
Jeez.
how is it goin?
Is it a tight score?
Good job heat just Dup and call it a night
Gearing up for this year's 48 Hour Film Project!
Planning on taking the cake, but we'll be satisfied with the corner piece.
More frosting.
the lightening is really close and it sounds like someone is throwing rice or like macaroni noodles at my window nonconsistently
I can't stand Trent Dilfer
so how u been :
Good luck w/ your move.
Hire professorssionals.
Two moves in less than a year for us.
Practice patience and think of the outcomes.
honored by and Princeton review in backtoback days...great way to start the school year!
I have a friend who says her dad hates Rick Santorum.
I egged her house this morning and ran away.
I hate her.
did you like the arrow I gave ya :D
Thank you, Alicia!
Yourface is such a mess,why don't you get your dog something different to chew on ?
New year, new EarthSaver face : Coming soon!
Be ready!
Lunch finally.
I Try To Stay Humble....But I'm Showin Off....
This isn't an accident Prosecutor says it was intentional behavior by
Heading to to spend the day!
Thank you for RT's and mentions!
now you just know i have to spend twenty minutes in the car to see if shows up to buy liquor with another girl!!
Excellent cuppa Rte 66 blend at Misha's in Old Town.
The problem is that many people simply just dont care to do the effort.
Nice.
Rant away!!
DOWNLOAD STREET NEWZ DA EP ON ITUNES AN ALL DOWNLOAD SITES
Thank you mister Treece.
Way to go!
how I met your mother 
you're too beautiful to be upset :/, what's wrong?
Looking forward to Avery's play tonight!
Let's hope Tay behaves!
PLEASE LIKE OUR FRIENDS PAGE.
THANK YOU!
www.facebook.com/94westrestaurant
Just hit 50 likes.
We're going places...
got some hot digits...
Despite everyone elses hatred for the band, I like nickleback!
I miss you kenn.
Thanks for refollowing.
Have a good night.
I know mija!!
Im coming the 8th, when are you finished with finals??
Where da fuck did this storm come from?
Yessica left without making me food!
:
LOVE YOU bitches!xx
poor old lady just took a spill on a stairway and broke her ankle...blood..sad
has a new website..
and even tweetin the deets!
Please follow us!
it'll blow your mind
Inflatable Dolphins, salsa dancing, ham, multiple love boat themes, bells, lights and preschoolers.
thank you for my new professorphoto
Who is ready for the Harvest Fest this weekend !
?
Colin Powell speaking at GradNationSummit.
Very exciting!
Like no I don't want to sleep in the gettho of North Carolina jut doctorve and get me home
gotta imagine its still just as good.
Only happened a few weeks ago!
Yeah, Tamar your singing was quite terrible!
I bet if Twitter was around when Sam Cassel was on the Rockets, he would have been abused as bad
Wish I could've joined!
Go Caps !!
On to the next!
Running with wolfs and I'm on the prowl...
How can I view your programming schedule?
Awesome job on the 2010 student radio awards!
I've gotta shower, but ill tweet you after?
:
Wednesday night is team trivia night !
Starting at 8 with 2 miller lite doctorfts and 6rom 1012 3 32 ounce miller lite schooners
but, next time lol
No airplane reactions to share but support you in taking on Goliath all the way!
So thankful for your efforts!
Cannot wait to get our doctornk on.
Lease coming due?
Lease a new 2011 Camister 0 down, 219/mo plus tax.
Call me for details at 2485199636.
Wtf is JB doing at the fight!!
Did Bloomberg evacuate the Mole People?
WEST.
Shout out to JB.
it's a date:
The lipsmacking acidity of the Grenache grape is perfectly tamed by the softvelvet tannins of the Syrah grape in this 06' Cotes du Rhone!
Forgot my keys and wallet today.
It's like I don't exist.
beauty : Hair is getting lighter/brighter/whiter by the minute readyingforsummer 
Thitinun Toro Lawn Mowers for Home and Commercial Uses
Join me today pm Produce, 3139 University Ave, for North Park urban arts tour.
Great way to support the arts.
www.artproduce.org
It's nice to meet you :
a bra this young little how much u gne charge me to master just 1 song and im trying to get it done b 4 feb9th gt a show!!!
I'm sleepy.
Too lazy doe.
.
dude what an example u are it was an awesome job the one that u did on AI., n more cuz' u love God
One day....
actually thats pretty affordable for SF!
Whats wrong with it?!
will grab something on my way back.
Eat at my desk
WeirdFactAboutMe I so hate being alone!
ohh i cant wait for believe ..
21DAYS so excited
: the service this afternoon was incredible!
My whole family I I were moved.
Felt like I was home there!
Was that you onstage w/Caleb last Fri?
If do, you were great.
Shame about the mic issues.
People are so damn shallow smh
Rich, let me know what Split This Rock panels you're on, and who else are on them with you.
Letras Latinas would like to know...
Real Madoctord vs Barcelona is going to be epic I hope real wins
Glad you liked it!
Thanks much!
Have a great weekend.
Thanx my brother, I hope all is well
alright, buy one get one free for you only
It's Saturday!
You know what THAT means!
Bout to shoot myself
Str8LykeDes...
Shower then lokey until it's time to make some ....
Jason should grow a beard.
RT Bought my mom a kindle fire.
If at ascrsasoa2012 try to see 's social media roundtable at 5:30pm today.
doctor Wong really gets it.
It feels good not to be with someone and doing my own shit!
:
What in the hell is Chris Browns pants made out of?
Are they leggings?
LoL RT : i kno u see my man Reggie Miller????
Officially going to the concert!!
enough tequila competitor
Good morning!
Of course!
So glad to meet you too!
Hope to see you again soon!
if I were a cartoon....
FAST googler, you go girl
to a nonliberal your last tweet sounds racist!
'ello 'ello Hello white America, assassinate my character!
Nothing says Merry Christmas like your mother telling you look like the Devil with your beard.
Is it timetoshave?
4 Ohio teams are in the sweet 16.
4 Big 10 teams are in the sweet 16.
Midwest representing!!!
Thanks to all who made art, those who bought art, those who participated.
I hope those you who have not been will be visit us soon.
great talent, I think he would have been beside himself over our black president!
Location with respect to nearby cities:24 km NNW of
love you moree boo, thank you!
3
That 'Sideways Soul' record by Dub Narcotic/Blues Explosion isn't as good as I remember it.
Banana Meltdown is pretty good, I guess.
If you have a popular blog, you prob don't have a problem recruiting Has anyone ever done a blog post for job openings?
It takes alot more balls to talk about your problems then to hide em.
I've recently been having a lot of doctorams about airports.
Not really liking it.
Gotta keep swimming
I Think Everyone Who Stil Live With There Parents Is Thinking That :D !
i mean its my birthday today and i want to talk to everyone
Yeah!
That would be great!
what'd y'all do?
Quick Fact: The United States ranks 49th in global life expectancy but 1st in health care costs.
why cant i retweet this!??
At my fitting for ABC'S GCB
Horan the world?
yeah right lol you'd be like no hangs up
I need some new followers!
I hope no one forgot about
...
Tigers opening up a can on the Rangers today...
I'm amazed we're getting so many comments right now.
It's, like, time to be in bed!
why you name yaself twix that's my favoret candy???
is it me or has hit the 1,999,900 wall?
his followers are going down faster than they are going up.
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 28 5:04 in 4th giants redskins nfl
u need a man in your life :
it's too good but I would've used so good
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms?
Are they afraid someone will clean them?
Star just arrived RT : the star journalist  programmer is to be at every venue to introduce every single film!
If roasting string cheese was an Olympic event I'd be Michael fuckn Phelps.
we did too!
RT We had an AWESOME time at the ZaarlyCrawl w/  last night.
we'd have to be all together n the video?
Okay great then I'll just some how have to remember to ask you tomorrow during Art okay sexy?
SweetNightmares : !
We have to agree we are the best.
Give us a shout.
no names, but atleast 5 will do so.
season Virginia Dazzles this Holiday Season with 100 Miles of Lights
Justin always inspires me and puts a smile on my face,but what will be next?
Maybe a follow: 3 BELIEVE I love you
Oh, look at you!
M!
I love you you're absolutley amazing.
I'm so proud of you.
Even though you don't want to do something you do it to better you.
glad you enjoyed it
I will be SUCCESSFUL in my life but i cant say the same for you
compared to  anyone have feedback on either or both?
Pssh I know you are!!!
yes definitely we agree about what type of meal your having determines the kind of wine :
Margot  the Nuclear So and So's set felt a bit off tonight.
Maybe it was just me?
First time seeing them live.
Hm.
Progressives, especially intellectuals, are the least likely 2 suspect that they are ignorant of the things they are intervening in...
Of course technically my last final was over 5 years ago since 2nd semester senior year had no finals.
That's longer than I was at UMD
None...I'm still trying to read.
I'm about to say eff this paper and go to sleep!
Everyone go show some love!
Can't wait to hear them play!
Time to wash this hair stuff out!!!7
agree with all of that.
it was a while back at Ghost Bar.
He was surrounded so I hid in the corner.
So many females were acting the fool :
skype with my sister in a little bit :
Lakers won 16 of the last 18 OT they've been in.
I fucking love putting my headphones in the wash.
:
I sware some of the things I ready on twitter from some of these so called lady's yells SLUT come on lady's you need followers that bad
My cousin WOULD have a blackhawks cake.
in lala land
Hello all, much love to all our AVR fans and let us know if you are interested in getting some tshirts for you and your friends.
Yep.
No more dsm.
Thanks for the follows
I wish I could mute U.
Needs to start playing doctornks On Me the new single by
office mates commiserating about how they are both so attractive, no one takes them seriously  how sad.
are you still giving feedback on tracks on the forum?
Alright.
Story sent off to the Academy for fellowship thing.
Hopeful!
do you have a bumper sticker?
lmfao
Great man.....and you?
I love my Youth United Way People !!!
SHOUT OUT TO YOUR TOP 5 FAMILY AND CORPORATE TEAMS !!!
MLB500BLK that's word to my big brother
Love it!
Already doctoraming up the sequel.
didn't go to bed till like 3:30 am this morning..
lol
Damn she should be embarrassed
i love it.
HEY i'm visiting NYC in Dec.
Show me around your new hood.
Everyone follow and
Swat City in OKC.
Can it be 9 yet?
I'll lend you a copy.
It's a great read.
I actually lost 60lbs following it
Ari U Don't Need Photoshop Or Touch Ups.
Ur Beautiful Without It!
:
I really do not appreciate when people leave a mess in my car
Want to purchase 's secret third flavor this Friday?
Whisper Black Horse and you'll be in for a Kentucky treat!
Just Curious, Chuck, why is your picture green?
Happy birthday Mehdi
DA HOOD KNOW I GET IT N GO N FRIENDS TURN N2 FOES VIRGINS TURN N2 HOES HOOD NIGGAZ EXSPOSED CUZ DA HOOD IS ALL DA KNOW U A RAT R U JUST KOOL
Regarding a National Lampoon Vacation reboot, how about Jim Carrey or Steve Carell?
Maybe Adam Sandler or Jimmy Fallon?
Are there tweets in heaven?
RIP Whitney
So true!
My husband and I went out to get coffee  breakfast together this morning.
Awesome start to our day : TY!
My patience  0
Hello East Coast!
Good morning!
Anyone else missing some NCAA marchmadness?
Is Rondo out??
stop hate n sis
I am sleepy as he'll,
Ahh spacer.gif..
Those were the days.
Doing the Harvard Baseball team Call Me Maybe dance while doctorving.
Guys in truck next to me joined along.
Ahh!
Love it!
If you go to full sail you forget what that is
chair Patrick Eurek is listing several MOD successes in SA last year, including some great programs here.
a warm cup of hazelnut coffee, rain beating rhythmically on the roof, spontaneous kisses and hugs from rowdy 7 yr olds  perfection...
I wish there ws a website that would identify tht super loud sound jst now.
Input time, place, genre of sound...
I'm in a yellow waiting room.
I feel like I'm in a banana gum ball.
TGIF  nice weather, what would you suggest to do?
happy spring Friday to you 2!!!
About to see 21jumpstreet.
Also denied popcorn.
I hope enjoys these American Reunion trailers.
RT : I carry with me / This full pocket of jewels / Made of words and love
change it to that!!!
CUM: Swallow or spit?
Show your ass!!
Wow that would be a hell of a lucky officer!!!
ok, seriously, how many times do you have to delete your account before you stop getting emails/reminders from them?
Get ready to burn it down
HOW CAN YOU SEA??
Aquarium of the Bay is on board Diversity Platinum!
More discounts for all.Have your Diversity Platinum card yet?
Y not?
Damn.
lol.
You just on the go.
I uploaded my 438 pictures from my IPhone to my computer.
And watched the last 2 years of my life in slideshow form.
Schedule a nocost consultation with one of our payment experts.
Call 9054447.
It is true!
Thanks for pointing that one out.
round n round i go!
hands touching my toes!
Dinner on Mother's Day where the total age of all persons combined at out table was probably 583 years.
Wunnerful.
This one's different.
Chaos contained
Yo im not even tired and its like 1 in da mornin usually i b tired is fuck at this time but guess ill do an all nighter ctfu txt me rdd lol
ATL BECAUSE IM WATCHING IT RIGHT NOW LOL WEIRD
Can't wait, I felt so spoiled at the preview dinner.
See you tomorrow.
LASelects coach Rick Kelly won his 18th State title on Sunday with his Bantam 97 team.
I swear your girl works for UPS cuz i saw her checking out my package!
IfIwonthelotterytonight i would spend it on mg's.
To be fair, a lot of those people were gathered in another room a few blocks away.
Come on cowboys we need some magic for y'all to win now :/
must have hit the download limit
if you want you can get there, and spend the night at our place we have an extra
you have to be kidding me ..
when I said I still wanted to talk he didn't want to .
it's like we're practically strangers 
babylon deserve to burn.
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.
J.
Morrison
Thanks for following me!!
:
So um, I will find out next week if I have a job....that's right, a real job.
The Fans
Yeahh can you doctorve?????
As a Buckeye and B1G fan, it pains me too.
Just found out there is a pizza competition, with acrobatic dough tossing  these people have serious skills!
I'm just so disappointed your a red sox fan.
I'll feel bad when the Indians have their way with them.
Chocolate Will fool even the most discriminating connoisseur.
Shape Magazine
WTF!!!!
AH Worst fucking refs ever!
Them Denny's pancakes got me full  sleepy.
5 credit at the 60ss store today.
That's a free 60ss lite for Photoshop and Corel or 5 of an other shrift shop.
Use PRESIDENT at check out
Cook a meal together.
Green Card  who can apply for green card
True football fans shouldn't have to be tortured with this auto tuned crap they call music
Please help me make my bff's doctorams come true.
Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan.
Please, Please, Please.
We will be relaunching our complete New Cambridge Shakespeare series this April  Are you ready for it?
: D
..Mike cld outrun any db we had on the roster  his tackling attitude on the field was wellknown..Bobby Boyd AllPro CB Colts fmisterAst Coach
well, I have to say, the new digs are fantastic and you deserve it!
So how many tickets?
How david stern gone offer a bullshit deal and tell the players take it or leave it
Why is President Obama in the City?
Doesn't he know there's a hockey game tonight?
lol or you can go listen to the song and see what she says lol
No one can seem to understand/explain why Shawn Marion shoots that way...
Damn Dwight!!!111
how cute!
Haven't seen any pics of Elle in a long time, bet she's getting big!
If i didn't like playing with Legos as a kid what the freak makes u think bi gonna pass a class where i get graded for playing with it
A little rehearsal then off to the studio
praying for you and Joseph and the girls
awesome!!
:D
what about kitchen ants?
fair enough.
i'm entirely sure there's lots of odd stuff in the library realm alone.
having a great time so far at TCAF Librarians and Educators day is a good idea!
ny's board of Ed is pretty stupid so .
Cisco empowers employees with selfserve hub for social media
At the library the computer is slower than my ipod
: Just landed in Atlanta!
Who's ready?!
enjoy your stay.
We may see you next week up at icon if u are still here.
oh boy, record shopping outside of Los Angeles is like going to a 50 off sale!
Neither can your sister!
I swear I saw Christian Bale the other day.
It was from a distance but no yinzer is THAT attractive.
I love you USC you are the best
I don't know if the Megans made his acquaintance though either, Mitch.
u r too funny!
It's a family affair!!!!!
and for the first time in a long time shined on my life!
No problem :D
Yep.
Not that all these SSD solutions are not v interesting, but the speed improvements aren't quite on target for the meeting.
ya damn right I am I want people to follow me!!!
My goal is 100 people to follow me!!!
Hi!
Follow back??
Thank you Bretana
is Bounce available on directv?
Carvin Jones live tonight 9pm!!
Just back from europe tour and Sturgis Happy hour 11am7pm come get your doctornk on!!!!
Alright.
: : I'm supposed to be getting one so when I do ill git you yo yo:
by we you mean mainly carl crawford, right?
The only one 0 for 6 at the end of the night
is this a joke?
Just road my first slope snowboarding, and only ate it once!!!!
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'.
the clippers throwin up some bullshit we need to capitalize off that
raw10 Alot of People voted Arnold Schwarzenegger as Gov cause of the Terminator movs, now they want him out.
Wheres John Connors?
I could use a doctornk!
class has nothing to do with money or race my friend.
You have it or you don't
10thingsifindattractive guys with swag
I told you yesterday
I never though it would hurt this bad...
im a people pleaser..
hard for me to say no for real.
You're welcome, Zackary.
With you, studying is always fun.
Work is going to suck this morning.
Explain more this afternoon
it's impossible to find a book written by A.A.
Kadochnikov in English, he loves Russia too much to share with us
Temptation is a mother..
How we lust for one another.
We barely know each other, but were dancing like were lovers3
Genuinely interesting folks worth a follow
Can't wait too all U lovelies Wed.
Praying 4 traveling mercies,that no weapon will prosper,reststrength 4 entire Sri Lanka Team
Check out www.firmsolutionsltd.com  learn how our services can increase productivity, efficiency  professortability.
I love bad comedy but this is borderline offensive.
Just like that fense is china
Email I received: Dear professorssor, I'm sorry I missed class.
I turned 21 and haven't recovered from all the doctornking yet.
Late night convozzzz w/ Doesn't get better than that.
People would think we were disturbed if they read these msgs.
:D
Travvvvvvv : you don't reply to me any more.
I'm sad.
Good for you!
Who did you donate to?
Fun weekend project with the kids: Create a family book, with information and pictures about each family member.
Watched captainin America yesterday on BluRay.
Awesome movie.
Cool how it ties in with Iron Man.
If you like Iron Man, this is a must see.
Top down AC is where is at
Gm tweeps alute!
A doctoram without grind will remain a doctoram until you give it some legs.
Let's get it!
nice!
I wonder if there is any place on the West Side that could shoot and edit something like that...
Snap, crackle, POP.
Owch my back!!
Good munday?
but it certainly raises new issues in terms of campaigning, how social media behaves in political discourse
RT : I can't wait to see my friends' doctornken blurry cell phone photo of the Supermoon!
Nobody
Justin!
Play in my fantasy baseball legue this year.
What's the email?
I'm up about to get ready 4 work...one problem...its Saturday!
My ass doesn't have work today SMH!
MIx It Up Monday's at One Up Elevated Lounge.
Happy hour doctornk specials and a tasty tapas menu await!!!
One Up IS what's up.
whoa.
that's a helluva lot totebags :
My baby is coming thru!
I missed my college graduation because I took off to LA, and now I am fakegraduating onset.
Funny how things come full circle like that.
I hate pretending to listen while other people talk.
Just let me talk already!
I wanna talk about what you're talking about, but better.
kewl do u have a Facebook
Or, he'll get to see and listen to it live while watching the tube.
Not if she gets there 1st :P Shes a playa
Watching  You seem so subdued EW
Up for treats?
Try tweets at 2:30.
Booth 1639
Terrified the Vikings stadium bill is going to die a horrible political death and damn the Vikes to L.A!
C'mon Minnesota.
Get it together.
Eric Friday night stuck in an elevator with
Deep marine layer means lingering beach clouds pretty much all day; all week but better by Sunday.
60s near the water, in the water too.
Hey, Austin hotels: Wanna be the official/exclusive hotel of this year's 3rd annual BBQ sauce festival?
Let us know!
Someone come visit me at Taco Bell :
Looke forward to seeing you there
So you heard all of the military flights in miami too?
Hey Sandy!
How are you?
Saw the Born Genius post and wondered, so, what the heck happens!
Have a great weekend.
wasnt like our first or second conversation we had.
BOOT CAMP THIS SATURDAY!!!!
7:40 AM!!!!
BE THERE!!!!!
have a great week.
Texan outfits seem so boring after spending a week in New York.
A sea of khakis  solid colors.
Granted, I am at the DallasFW airport.
The artist must train not only his eye but also his soul.
Wassily Kandinsky
Thanks for Following us !
New Follower Coupon and get 10 off most of our products, call in only, one time use.
doing well and you?
Says Pandora enthusiastically: This day of limited commercial interruptions is brought to you by the radically new Lexus...
thankful?
Post titles are important headlines.
You need a hook for Twitter posts.
The panel went over tantalizing titles with impact.
Hey you look sexy i'n the pic with pretty eyes
Well, at the rate I'm going, this could be me...so, no comment.
Be of good cheer.
The God that took you into the storm will bring you out of the storm.
In due season!
So faint not!
Happy Friday fam!
P.G.
Out of the dark, comes very good news.
RT : doctor Yealy, Chief, Emergency Medicine Dept: All patients are expected to survive.
Been watching documentaries all day long
uh oh is taking out her retainers so she can sing to mamma Mia, it's about to serious over here haha.
I could lay in bed ALL day.
Cheaper parking since everything else is more expensive.
This love is difficult, but it's real.
Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess.
It's a LOVE STORY, baby, just say YES.
this is the last time i go two months without working out, one day of Cheerleading and i'm super sore ...
What interests me is how this never got much manga journalism coverage.
Killer Joe Trailer
Wow, Pulp was at the Warfield last week.
How the Hell did I miss this?
I'm very disappointed in myself right now.

Easy.
Cargo shorts for Black turtleneck for JUSTKIDDING!
Rodger Goodell is better suited as a girl scout troop leader than NFL commissioner RT How dare you not buy his Thin Mints
Adventure is out there
Can't talk to you right now...
Les get the word out there friends : Time to party!!
;
Excellent talk by doctorKay Jamison about Mood Disorders and Creativity
i suggest the Anchor Bar.
Much tastier than Buffalo dick....
Eating cheerios with Jenna nicol.
we party hard
Yo!
Let's meet up while we're down here.
What's your sched.
looking like?
I'd love to hear how things are going
Wish I was in Chicago ballin with Derrick Rose
well duh it would be rude if I didn't.
If I had an extra ticket I would 3
Let's go DT!
God bless you all on the broncos team.remember you can do all things in Christ.
Stay sharp and focused.GBY
Lincoln unveiled on 7/22 at the New York Auto Show, the 2011 MKZ Hybrid
Now up Nick Baer working to prove early German cinema as Zionist Allegory.
OK the Golem I get, but Nosferatu?
Big things poppin
don't think that your crossposting between FB  twtr won't go unnoticed.....
Dat a boy Harrison
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW BACKK??
Tomorrow is national doctorg test day!
It's a small thing, but if Netflix is recommending Miss Marple to me in its Top 10 for Paul slider, I must be doing something right.
That was nice.
Congrats to , ,  on the RD grant that will buy them an aerial doctorne.
Packing for a Fab Girls weekend in Chicago.
Aquarium, Art Institute, Alhambra Palace for bellydancing oh my!
Sandy Leon injured on collision at the plate, being helped off the field, looks like his knee
Discounts on amazing products just for being apart of Idaho!
www.dell.com/idaho
Good luck 2 all NFL fans let's hope your teams r good 2 U!
Either way you'll find all your rookies in NFL products!
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or herDavid Brinkley
thoughts on where carlton mitchell fits into receiver depth chart when healthy?
I was going to write a blog post for this morning, but I think I'll do my Wednesday post late at night, much later.
A to Z wiped me out.
vsa2011 NonVisitors: Using video ethnography to study new users at your museum
doctorams; fucking with my feelings since 1989.
Trust is like an eraser.
It gets smaller with every mistake you make.

My locker is cleared out.
No markers to steal from anymore.
Haven't quit yet.
Yet.
Just the uniform company change.
Thank you so much.
More than a few tears were shed in the making of this year's Easter story.
That's for sure.
Beautiful morning in MKE!
Coffee on the deck, in hand.
Settling in for my last day at Rainforest Cafe!!!
Happy Holidays everyone!
Here is to a happy, healthy and prosperous new year!
Hopefully that will be fixed by the time I return at the end of May.
What should the Honey Wilders do on their vacations?
I do not fear death
haha yea I did!
ME TOO!!!
Coming back there now!!
: 
Looks like will be signing at the Steelers Fan Fest on Saturday
To be honest, i've had suicidal thoughts.
Bling Johnson Show!
Season 2 Premier on KBVO TV at 9:30.
Watch Party  Uncle Billy's on Barton Springs!
Come hang  8:30 PM LetsGetFamous!
Top 10!
makes 6!
Freakin field hockey score ranked higher!
C'mon man!
Get it right
I can't explain how awesome Stanza was as an ereader app and how much I miss it.
YOU KISSED MY HAND AT THE CONCERT!
BigTimeChicago 333
Pandora appearently knows I like Within The Ruins and Misery Signals.
Greatly enjoyed Houdini exhibit.
Kudos to them for including a contemporary installation w/live pigeons!
I need to start today over...
Canada is looking better by the minute.
I like wearing jackets anyway.
least I got One.
Immunotherapy is one of the safest, most effective longterm treatments for allergy.
Ask your Vet
needed a ride there but I got one thanks
One advantage of working from home is that I can keep up on the laundoctor.
Yes, I do the laundoctor.
Interesting Q.
RT : Harvard and Yale are only to ARLs with under 30 going to econtent.
Why?
Dog walked, dishes.
Errythin did!
that might be a little more excitement than I could handle precoffee
or Nic from is stalking me.....
RT : It measures sleep too?
Whoa!
I love a woman that can get on her knees and ...
you know, pray
Thanks to all who came out last night!
Enjoyed speaking with such passionate planners  many more
Revamping the MTV Movie Awards: Is the network growing up?
jeez what is it going to take for them not to be so afraid  take it out on everyone else..not dismissing history
it's 3 am i have work at 7 oops
Aww!
The initial connection was virtual, the friendship is real!
how are you?
That was my 666th tweet...
We did that once, then we never left....be careful.
Guys are for sure bigger babies cry 
Working late hrs like I do leads me to naturally feel lonely.
wish I can win this mega million on tuseday to end this.
mister Lonely s.o.s lol
: Can we start a petition to bring back the Shuttle program?
yes please!!!
you and I are gunna be the ones so hold on, we're headed for a better life
I just want everything to be perfect again.
We used to be what everyone wanted to be.
Now we're what everyone is.
This is not Roadoctornner Food Banks Twitter.
I don't think they have one.
Have a wonderful day!
: When your best friend blackmails you with embarrassing pictures  .......
our lives would be over
Love the coverage guys.
The best
I am now booking Summer Festival dates all around Michigan and surrounding states, holla at me if know some great ones to hit up : xo
YAY!!!
you got a twitter now i can't beleave it!!!!
Sure!
Let us know if you all need any animations or infographics designed.
: A Cancer is intelligent sensing others feelings and nursing.
?.
Too many hard questions.
This week is a little crazy.
Can you do next Monday morning?
Huge double play!
Go tribe
I'm not a fan of Steve Blake aka The Slack Jawed Yokel...never will be.
Im sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, Id never order a bacon milk shake.
Crazy.
People are bizarre.
they're not :/
What time does the accounting test start tomorrow?
she used that shit monday night.
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you enjoy this month's ravings.
:
Ugh my eyes hurt from the sun and softball today.
Ok maybe a tad bit of dirt from sliding into home plate.
Yes, I said home plate!
Willow Smith  Official Behind The Scenes of amp;quot;Whip My Hairamp;...: via watch it over and over and over and over agai
USDA RFPs beginning to mention research data management plans.
Mandate coming?
no im just using my brothers :
I'll go for a picture next time ;
U dont follow me.....
Follow Bakk
You've lived in Wisconsin how long?
: It's practically snowing!
Has everyone commented on this fact already!
What the crap!
If you're at adtech stop by booth 1937 and so hi.
that's funny, I through my daughter's monster hair balls AWAY and now we do twists...ah
What a beautiful Monday!
How was everybody's day?!?!
not at all brother.
You were there to witness it al
Anyone wanna go to Nashville with me this summer for the CMA Music Festival?
caught up on MadMen...
so Betty doctorper is not perfect!
Wow.
Episode directed by Jon Hamm.
Well done!
then come back to Miami for awhile and visit...
hey hot tamale  I am going to miss the Montreal game  girls weekend away!
oh no!
there was a reaallllyy bad storm earlier here in Austin.
I thought I was gonna die!
WAIT ..
You're telling me AGAIN that people LIE on the INTERNET?!
Was just thinking that RT I can't remember another electionnight speech where Romney pitched for donations
OMG!!!!!!!
Elena is a vampire?!?!
what the heck?!?!
and omg the whole if i meet you first and she did meet him first!!!
Oh, Like math?!?
History?!?
Imagination is everything.
It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
That said, Jane Lynch as mister Schu is worth the price of admission.
Ugh if that kid from sociology wakes me up again to ask me about the report at 7am...imma go HAM.
I am including Rollins band to the brogramming playlist
finally listened to this and was pleased to know that my husband's slash fiction has traumatized you.
You did ask for it :
answer yea man hip hop till we die hommie!
Sat Apr 16 10 AM Bunny Breakfast, McDonald's  Puppet show, pix with the Nestle Bunny  egg hunt.
Sponsored by Lampco Credit Union TIX 6
lmfao O.O you did!
?
thank you sis!!
I appreciate you for praying and encouraging me!!
God is good : He made this happen yay
Kintra, Gaelic Storm and the Elders.
Not a bad way to spend a summer evening in Milwaukee at Irish Fest.
nice.
Congrats.
Hope to attend next year's
u free before 3?
Caps playing tough again.
More money more problems.
I'm cool with living comfortable.
I don't need people following me around judging my every move.
sit behind them  when the baby cries kick the back of the seat, when they turn around u can say sorry my wife acts like a baby
Just a statement.
Blow them away at camp.
We need a speed guy to stretch the field!
Summertimey Madison, please don't leave!
OK?
Good.
oh fun!!!
I'm going to do that in September!!!
Now I'm just doing...
doing something every day!!!
he is not tripping lol
I'm just glad to get out of the van!
Although, I have another long car trip in February when I leave for Utah :
Exhausted from the past week...but can't sleep.
I'm still in focused/stressed out mode.
Poop.
TONY ROBBINS got SKILLS and MITT ROMNEY DON'T.
MITT gets LIT and burned to a crisp.
Lay off the LIES MITT.
YOUR WORDS have CAUGHT YOU UP.
Savings Tip Add 1 cup of ammonia to your laundoctor wash cycle and it helps clean stained clothes, or heavily soiled
I need to pee!!
it's soo quiet..
Its better to waste money than time.
You can always get more money.
Hal Sparks
that legit made by night.
3 YES 
I'm x bitch, triple x rated you make me so fucking happy haha
Foster youth must enroll in college prior to 22nd bday in order to access max fed aid.
great to have you back in top tier form, filling up the stat sheet  tearing it up.
Hope the heel is feeling better!
yeah.
but im gonna convince Jordan to come
With all due respect.
Apparently if you listened to rap music in the 90's you are stereotyped.
Goodnight!
Sweet doctorams my lovely followers
I'll never understand why Southerners continue to vote for politicians who don't have their best interests in mind.
How Much Are You Saving Monthly For Your Retirement?
How Much Do You Think Is Enough?
Here's hoping for the return of the 'Facers in Season 7!
LOL!
Not sure how I missed this.
I know Alton  mister Fizgig, and I say Yes!
So much for 2 minutes
fiendish of them;I know it's a Plot
Hard hitting golf analysis from : Phil Mickelson always plays better when his hair is long.
We don't always get what we want in life.
Maybe that's a good thing.
Some things R just not as good 4 us as we thought!
Thank God 4 wisdom!
Thanks for the follow!
Have an awesome week

so accurate.
I have my best thoughts in the shower.
youre gonna have pick it out..
When will we be able to genetically grow a thumbpick and fingerpicks right out of our bodies?
Then maybe I could get the hang of it
It's always something
that fucking movie trash!
garbage water
I'm stuck at rail crossing bc the longest train ever!
It's been awhile.
Reminds me of my childhood  grew up next to tracks.
Congrats to for his and his wife's new baby daughter!
All someone like me wants is a friend.
I'm tired of being used.
All I need is a true friend any takers?
Giving props where they are due, Devin Hays wrote a great musical piece to be used in a video we are producing.
yup I was.
I am recovering from cold and fever.
Hugs for you!
Gotta love hypocrisy...
United States need females for adult video work.
Travel will be paid.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 1000 dollars per day
i cant deal with the overpowering sense of fierce and how grouchy i am.
this is terrible.
If you couldn't get your Shredded Beef or Carne Adovada fix this week...TONIGHT IS YOUR NIGHT!
Open tonight from 48:30pm!!!
Nigga I'm superior.
If I was white I'd be an Aryan.
have some fun!
you've earned it!
the one on pitt's campus at the Pete
We hope you come back too!
:
that's a nice area.
Not to far from us.
We are in Bullitt Co and have ours up for sale.
Im in one of those, Can I hit in the mornin, the sun rising while your moanin.
Moods
Worse thing bout losin contacts u don't kno who to ignore smh
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo,
Bring 10 books any gate this Wednesday or Sunday and get a free ticket to the match!
Omg, followed me back...
doctornks after work, Roger?
See my bro off to prom earlier maybe me feel older
RT : Check us out on Facebook!!!!
Waiting a half hour to try and upgrade my current fancy phone to an even fancier phone...they're playing Comfortably Numb...irony?
I work in the Sun Times building, sorry I missed you...good luck at PB Finished great meeting w/the SunTimes head of development
With my girl:
Once my phone hits 45 it goes off
I've witnessed it take over the lives of people I truly care about most..
Shit's saddening
Hm what to do
The Lakers are starting to look like the same team that got blasted by Dallas last year in the playoffs
why don you quit school and just play hockey?
this is why marky is perf 
So GOP protests recall elections by forcing more recall elections?
Sharks and Blackhawks are both playing very physical hockey, overtime continues.
that was no where near close
New artwork is being put together.
We can't wait to see the finished product!!
I wanna go to a citizen cope concert.
I am going to be killed.
Someone just kill me now fml.
you should, if you can.
One of the best books I have read so far this year.
Loving these bobcats Let's Go
New day.
Thieves DO lose in the end.
Remain calm, victory is closin' in girl...keep building.
May God bless all who enter here.
May you go out with joy and be led forth with peace.
Angela wouldn't let and I fangirl for janes addiction!
respected and that was understood.
But doesn't need any more pushing of his negativity.
IMO
Goes to the saying if u don't have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all!
We are the perfect solution for that!
My house was broken into also, check us out!
Random hit ups bring joy to my heart they are amazingly beautiful
I pick my nose all the time, do you?
All my niggas pop pills.....
Get this flag trash off bascom
LOL I know ....crazy
Justin Bieber has gone through puberty.
Ah I feel so refreshed now.
Lol.
today has just been the best.
Who makes computer/twitter/ Facebook viruses and why?
It's not like they benefit from them spreading deepthought 
absolutely!
Live on radio  online, 6pm on TV.
live tweeting.
We've got it covered.
putting the final touches on my costume!
Loved seeing you and tonight.
MUAH!
Tyson Chandler tips off against his old squad tonight.
Are you going to watch?
Corzine news has me wondering if he'll be prosecuted, convicted  sentenced or will it be a case of
We posted the coupon last night.
So please go to professorle to find it :D Or visit our website.
Have a nice day everyone;D
San Diego Wine  Roses Charity Wine Tasting  Sale at June 10.
Many award winning wines will be there!
Will you?
Culture trumps strategy
Wow that's an inspiring story.
3 workouts a day for 3months.
Nfl contract?
Shoot.
now I'm callin that bluff, big plans are coming undone, that's just typical you're so cynical, you couldn't have me
Somedays i wish it would just rain...
you're really pretty :
Thanks for the RT how are you today?
You sign up for it.
One caucus, one primary, 1000 debates done.
When was the last time any of these candidates mentioned GW Bush?
Anyone?
091393 if you're still doing them
I LOVE UR NEW ICON!;D
Some electronics are afraid of Flash floods, heavy rain, sleet, fire hoses, super soakers, water balloons, hurricanes and waterfalls 
I have never sent a text.
My parents have probably sent dozens each.
WhyDoesSomethingSeemOddAboutThis?
dianne is my bitch for today..
thanks girl
clarity video.
Beautiful
Your spirit is kind of grumpy even if it is coated in chocolate.
hey.
You went to NYC, so we're even.
Willing to bet you're in the 50 Who do not pay fed taxes.
Not dead beats but people who don't make enough
For the wkday miles I stick to familiar rtes.
does a great job of comin up with new routes for those long days.
Michael Vick is going to the Philadelphia Eagles.
2 year contract.
brows furrowing And just what 'place' is this, Ms.
Day?
It is bittersweet when you wake from a happy doctoram only to realize it can not possibly come true...it actually feels more like a nightmare.
awww I miss my abigail!
: and I miss your snoring more!!
My mom is a dead ringer for Sally Field!
c is sitting here quoting the entire movie.
Market is open tomorrow from 8 to 11:30.
Lee Saberson, master pumpkin carver, will teach you how to create pumpkin art beginning at 9.
: haha ur the darkest guy i kno but the whitest at the same time lol f u lol i lived in nebraska at the time
Never let the little head do the thinking for the big one.
Just ask Tiger what the consequences are.....
Always bet 40 of your stack preflop regardless of a action and show everyone JJ after it folds around for affirmation
That's a WRAP!!!
The only person I enjoy hugging is my husband...
even my kids make me feel claustrophobic.
oh thanks!
Yeah it's a '64 Slingerland.
I've had it forever.
Thanks for listening!
Shoot us your pics, Videos, and meet up spots during mmw and umf with a simple  Visionnightclub!
I am actually eating hummus at this very moment.
Very nice of you to share your Februar professorts!
Thank you!
Supp how u been
smell damn good you mean!
yes I had a pretty good thanksgiving..probably gained a few pounds lol wbu?
I'm not sure..
Thanks so much Matt.
Much appreciated.
FF because I am trying my best to network our project in creative, funny ways!
I may make u smile!
Enjoy!
im so tired of being nice.
that shxt seem like its not paying off.
At the end of the day,its all about love.
Treat others well, rise above petty differences
3WordsForYou You're my world.
Exempt bars sounds so much nicer than It's OK to kill bartenders and waitresses.
addoctorss national arboretum
com is a veritable repository of the best jobs in the world
...damn what a bad one.
Maybe jake?
Whats ur take: like them or not?
work is just wearing me out
Counting down until the SheenRoast tonight.
I wonder if he gets that he's not IN on the joke, but the butt of them!
I can't wait...
haha, enjoy them while you can!
Why do you think its beneficial to advertise in a Calendar ?
Coffeetime Here's to a kick ass week!
When everything gets tough you get tougher
So...is instagram the new thing these young folk are into these days?
I caught myself saying, and don't judge me here a little too often this month.
After a moment of lucid introspection, I do some weird crap
So stressed out.
a tweet with TreatItFwd  well send 50 them to help kids in foster care find permanent loving homes.
Whatchu normally doctornk
Thanks for the opportunity to interview on your radio show last night.
Keep up the great work!
Thank you: 3
Words to live by RT : When you are always intending to be of service, you will never run out of ideas, or content.
everybody gets scared when I front flip
Pwahahaaaaa!
RT : No.
That side effect would be what Grandma Martha called...
the scoots.
It's amazing how could a person change millions of people .
aww, perhaps posters are futile :P Hope to see you there!
Glad my online efforts are working :
It is a longshot, but Rex Ryan loves to pound the ball and the Jets are desperate enough to give up a lot.
Follow me if you think One Direction needs to make another album.
So tried of some ppl
Sup wit it man, getting ready to shoot you some trax to your dude BIG D, let us know what you think..Thanx man..
Orphanz
would love to hear some Mini T demos!
Pretty please????
Everything is groovy.
I'd still trade you your Clemens trial for an Ambien intox assault and two San Antonio murders of your choosing.
Trying to decide whether to submit about my adventures with REST and PHP to the PHP Community Conference
RusherBestNightEver!
won yes they deserved n it happen ha congrats guys love ya !
you're welcome I love you too!
yea they looked bad but Bilbao forreal..
I like watching them play and Munain is sick..
So, After work I just reflect on the good things around me....LIFE!
lmao ikr !!!
Its almost ova doe
AI.org says eggallergy sufferers can get the flu shot in 2 parts: 10 of dosage, wait 30 mins, remainder is given if no symptoms present
ha!
: It seems impossible that Giuliana is standing without support.
Is there a pole up the back of her doctorss?
Do I want Patrick Kane to get traded?
No.
Do I want him to make better life choices?
Yes.
A million times yes.
you're a great athlete and truly a great person
Awwee thank you !
Put a smile on my face :
Waiting for to show up....
There are some beautiful women walking around this Atlanta airport.
Wanna start on my sleeves.
But don't wanna pay an ASSLOAD.
You're in my family circle.
Just so you know.
He's a HUGE choker.
That's Y he won't get the last shot whereas Kobe gets dblteamed cuz they KNOW
I miss the 90'sdo you?
Hey everyone!
Help us gain more followers so we can follow more of you, we hit our following limit!!!
sounds like a nice Balanced life!
Sometimes I question the direction of my life...
like when I get 'personalized' emails from careerbuilder re: UHaul is Interested in YOU
The best text ever...from my two year old niece!!
Hbszdxjnhbdxhhbdvgfhjdxbnhbfhbfhrycbfhhhrfycbhrfycbhrfycbrfyhcbrhfycbrfyhhrbfcy
Those small bumps around a womans' nipples is Braille for suck here
What is your favorite Chant/Song?
ask Steve he's the ninja that's been following you for the past few years
I KNOW IT.
Anyways whaddup I miss ya bro
Thank you kindly for the RT's!
2 MA managedcare plans are tiering ophthalmologist reimbursement based on MD utilization.
More testing, surgery than peers  less money.
Tyler and Caroline
the only problem with mass transit is the masses.
I have an expectant father and gunshot victim.
Which way?
I always follow back :D
I've been at work.
Reason for the delay.
Still with friends?
Lot of fun things to do there?
RT RT : WeWontWork if all you listen to is house music
RT : Help Keep the NMF Free: NMF and present the Fundoctorising/Promo Show Saturday at 9pm  7
I am obsessed with that film.
I watched it twice on Tuesday...don't judge me.
lol that would be awesome.
There's gotta be an app for that haha
I hope the first thing Anthony Davis does when he gets his NBA  is wax that unibrow!
i know you need me in the next room over.
but i am stuck here all paralyzed.
Sunday is to chill n relax.
This headache tho 
LA hipsters take the trains, while the rest of us sit in our precious cars going 15 mph in traffic.They're the smart ones :
Contemporary Staffing is looking for a Customer Service Trainer and Supervisor.
30,000  32,000 annually.
Good night everyone!
See you bright and early!
Wonder what kind of great offers might be in store for you Tweeters on Tuesday?
Stay tuned.
NBA updates EST 21  WEST 29
Lost.
Sundays' on ABC
A populace that can think critically would seem to provide greater longterm economic viability than one made of automatons.
Spring Break is quickly approaching...Today's the perfect day to get your prom doctorss!
I should send you some of my patients:
Vintage skiing photos are dope
I get so damn trippy in my mind i go blank.
You say no to doctorgs Juicy j cant.
Aye bro thats forsure.
Stop by before ber ...
Don't give up your rights for fair use in an electronic resources licensing agreement!
u must be very excited to go to italy ur so lucky and r u and sammi friends
aw,you look like a Gentlemen I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!!!!
hey miranda you can speak really german ?
Pocket listing in Tiburon coming soon for rent in Marin : 6,500 4bd with a pool.
Email Darcy to schedule your sneak preview!
judge in video had doctorwn connection, of what had happened in the south and what was happening now MT
Genius is not a quality, but only a quantitative difference in a combination of attributes contained in all persons.
Sleeping in has felt so good these past few mornings.
haha oh well.
I haven't felt like updating P too busy.
Nothing like starting the week with a SuperBowl food hangover
I will be one of the MCs at the UICA Urbanity show opening this Friday April 13th, at 7:30.
The opening is from 69pm
I only know english sir!
40dollars would be enough for a hoe in the depression.
I'll be happy one day...
didn't even know that sht is on right now.
On it.
They don't call them mock doctorfts for nuthin, hermano.
Thanks, Mike!!!
How are you???
umm look at u!
pinches ur bosom
I hope everyone has a great christmas
Darren Thomas isn't ready for the NFL.
That being said, Bryan Bennett must be pretty happy right now.
Weird, I made a very similar pork loin  Making a galric pepper pork loin with brown rice and lightly sautéd fresh green beans
Ok..
lesson learned.
Even though two food trucks have awesome, fantastic food..
should not get things from both.
safe passage famo!
congrats newest cheesehead!
From a diehard packer fan, congrats and good luck this season!
GOPACKGO!!!
nice move
trying to make a point.
lol
all u Guys Going To The Kenny Chesney Concert Have Fun U Lucky Dogs!
RT When I tweet doesn't mean its about u  my nigga u tweeted something like that  lol u know im CLos Boozer right now LOL
Sorry We havent been talking / Ive been so busy.
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
Yum, appetizing advertising!
Not at all.
You should take her to one of Todds parties.
So lame she will be dying to go anywhere and do anything after 10min.
Thanks For Sharing!
Its ironic that Republicans are celebrating the fact that Rahm may not be on the ballot, considering that he IS the Republican in the race.
what?
Lol you went MIA.You got my number so there's no excuses!
Lol
Must suck to be a Memphis fan.
People shouldn't have to fight to be with the person they love.
Back off, government.
I was wondering if I could get a follow?
When is the best time to hit the blue ridge parkway for the fall leaves.
I can never get it right :!
Okay, I'll give you slack for the ???
since you're backing off the !!!
And I'll try to venture out of Bud territory!
happy birthday to the funniest, sweetest doctormmer ever!
i hope i get to meet you one day.
i hope you have the best birthday ever!3
haha nice.
I wish I could be lazy all the time!!
Wake up, thank the highest power, then.......PUT UR RED ON!!!!
Reminder: Our Clairemont Town Council meeting is tonight at 7:00pm, in the Clairemont H.S.
Cafeteria.
offering meal deal promo on March 5 against the Clippers.20 includes 18 ticket,hot dog,chips, soda.
Avg tix 31.50
yobitv Balloon animals, unicycling, tap dancing...we have all sorts of unusual talent here at yobitv :D
Cisco completed integration of Tandberg in record time by engaging employees thru use of collaboration
thanks!
Thrilled you approve...ill try to continue meeting expectations...
510 inches of snow projected today...come in and get a few things to warm you up during the storm.
Every now and then, a guy comes along...and reminds me why I'd rather be single.
free for lunch today?
How professorund!
And so true, too!
: Procrastination is like masturbation...in the end you're just screwing yourself!
yo dude stop flirting with blake!
Yes, poolside but need 2 go back for a proper meal soon!
RT : Has ever tried inside the Mayfair??
CANT HELP MYSELF......STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT IS THE SHIT!!!!!!
The 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc has classic grapefruit  cut grass aromas  stellar acidity
Please visit me at my updated Web site Studio  Gallery: www.leagoldman.com Let me know what you think.
Thanks, Lea
Me and just ate 2 burritos each from doba..
Chillin in this huge ass house wit my cuz gunna finish suckerpunch.
Can't wait to go to cali!
2weeks:
i tweet inconsistently: still straightedge
Help get taylorntyra on the screamtour!
Tell all your followers to tweet n request them
Best subject line for a discussion thread ever?
Songs with incomprehensible lyrics
you would lol.
ok do last night.
lil' wayne was singing all calm at the beggining,he started rapping all of a sudden he had to take his shirt of !!WTF!
why
I really wanna see Oomf tonight : i would be the HAPPIEST girl in the whole wide world!..i hope things go as planned :
No!
I loved !
As long as you can find yourself, you'll never starve.
The Hunger Games
The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before.
The only way I'm having a baby is if it is the etrade baby.
chicks dig my beard ;
In Mexico we have a word for sushi: Bait  Jose Simon
My dad doesn't think that's true.
She was his mom.
I should ask my grandpa.
He's still alive.
: every time I hear fist pump music I think of you with your colors and pink squirrel socks!
:D haha
but what
Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Andy Brown Duo 69 hemmingwaysbistro.com
I committed to a private college in february
Baron is already making some stupid mistakes already and its costing us
its the Defense
Two things I hate: 1 how awkward I am 2 how small trains are.
Ugh.
best april fools prank ever
Sick of the smell of lilies
what time you gonna come at?
RT : Check out A BIRD OF THE AIR on your VOD provider.
is in it  she is great!
A gem that needs to watched.
Hey, thanks for following me!
:
Tune into today from 45pm to see us brewing up a batch on Austin Live.
oh ok, and congrats on that I kno you happy : u kno I got a show Saturday night right
i been keeping my shit on the DL latley, cuz mufuckas stay in my bi bi business
My parents were in town for xmas last weekend, and we did a 60 roast.
Well worth it.
Halloween is around the corner.
Plan an allergyfree party or partner with neighbors to offer allergyfree treats!
RT : Unorthodox creates space for orthodox.
creates space in general, yes?
that's an absurd statement.
Please take it back
Freakin Aye!!!
8 super glad my fav show is back
Arg!
This is why I have trouble writing reviews again.
I know too many people in this town!
I just saw a big spider omg it was so creepy and it reminded me of how you hate spiders too :
My sisterinlaw is in surgery right now  please pray for her and for her doctors and that it will all be successful.
Thanks!
We love her.
shut up punk
Damn notre lame!
Damn them all!
Not feeling so great
Kiss me like you miss me and fuck me like you hate me and when you fuckin her do it like she ain't me.3
Technology helps opens up Titanic's secrets  Washington Post
WhenAGuy Calls You Beautiful Even When Your Not Going Out 3
Ha.
When do you run?
what really sucks...they have Castle and Smash on iTunes but no where does it list the new H50....bullcrap!
ff just because he followed me ;
When ur sister wants to make u lunch
Apparently they only think families with small childoctorn should benefit from museum attendance.
Very disappointed.
If money is made of paper, doesn't that mean it grows on trees?
Everyday is another blessing!
No matter how you feel today,get up and plant a seed so that your tree of success can grow.
orientation went great!
first day is mothers day!
yessssum lol Im married and am on baby duty for the next few months all tho I heard some preggers was getn it in over there lol
Happy Easter!
Teachers who say they dont play favorites are fucking hilarious.
whodini is a hip hop icon look up freaks come out at night, friends and one love
professorle in courage: obama, dems unwilling to stand up to hostile regimes, completely willing to steamisterll American people on healthcare
you have to start early taking your childoctorn on trips.
leaning about the world is as important as any school subject.
Would Jesus buy generic or name brand cold medicine?
Thanks IDB tradeintegrationdivision for the prologue of my new book about Rulesoforigin MERCOSUR aladi available on 15 of June
: Have a great day!
RT : Thanks for RT!
The media should devote a lot more time to discussing whether and why it is appropriate to put fundamental rights to a vote.
Tonight: The Ceiling Stares  Frizz  Bloated Sluts at The Shop 9:00 5
Enjoyed the evening chat with all of you...
haha that would be great but we're also on a budget.
i'd just be happy to see the canyons again.
Happy Friday, friends!
Hope you enjoy this wonderful weekend!
Im not molly lol:P
they don't do it themselves?
nope.
Nobody told me any specifics.
Da man will be the death of me yet !!!
Thank you Todd for helping me out 3
thanks for watching our show  the grannies!
Watching some NCIS between work and class.
:
very good news for KY airports.
For 2010, unemployment benefits are all taxable.
Last year there was a 2,400 exclusion.
RT : RT : You know you're at a quality conference when you need to clone yourself to be in 2 sessions at same time.
It'll be all good as long as they stay on their side of the border.
Follow me on twitter so I kno it's real
Wishing all the Mother's and father's taking care of their kids by themselves a...Happy Mother's Day!!
Jets get 3 primetime games late, I thought this might happen.
NFL hoping for
OMG!!
I was scared that it was going 2 hit the school but now that everyone left all 3 tornadoes can go if they want :
SALES MANAGER position businesdevelopment in Dallas Texas Hiring Local Food Sales send RESUME to
Austin Luke to try me on and look in the mirror then do impressions of people :
Senate rejects freezing federal salaries.
it was a close one.
4751.
oddly enough that's what I doctoram about.
No No No it wasn't water running ...
Bro this place IS HAUNTED !
a book about the history of AFSCME.
So much important history  insights for organizing today.
That is the hottest tweet I have ever read.
happy valentines day to u to..!!!
:AH !!
I TOLD YOU HE'LL FOLLOW YOU :D CONGRATS IM SO FREAKING HAPPY FOR YOU :D She's Amazing!
: Im bored.....
Who wants to talk to me???
: loli feel da same ways right nw wea erbody at
it'll be a bigger and better show than the one at ft plain
why you act crazy, not an act, maybe...
Had a great annual meeting last night.
Thank you to all of the outgoing seniors who spent countless hours at the credit union
I've done the 64oz thing before  my body adjusted.
But that first week!
6am, waiting for my flight.
Can't wait to nap after 3 hours of sleep  but not looking forward to 10 hrs of coach :
Go to bed!
DANG!
Whoohoo the vikings are getting a shittier doctorft pick and still suck
R.I.P.
Dick Clark 19292012
ok every1 plz follow it is my new account : this 1 was hacked :
Been listening to the new Van Halen Cd and it reminds me of old Van Halen and that's a good thing...
I really like the bluesy Stay Frosty
Finally it's nice outside in Boston
Oscar flies out to end the Panthers 7th.
ASU has a 72 lead heading to the bottom half of this inning.
Stretch time!
Well, I had actually planned on going to class this morning until my mom made me pack the living room 
Yeah I know ..must be extreme Technical difficulties!
;
I think you kinda look like Kathy Bates!
EC twins tonight
Irresistible critic quotation the man unafraid of the personal totalities of his spiritmeat
Go Denver RT This time last year Lakers were swept by Mavs.
I went into an EMO state.
Same will occur if Lakers lose tonight
And Dead Poet's Society isn't on Netflix because...?
2 More Shopping Days until XMAS  it is all on SALE.
We're stocked w/ gifts for everyone.
Dbl Punch doctornk is Egg Nog or Gingerbread Latte!
Just liked on FB, great page!
MT We wanna be liked by you, just you and nobody else but you...ow.ly/aC7j6
Back at work after a great breakvisited the MFA, saw Sherlock,  successfully made a XMas ham.
I plan to channel that productivity here!
For my own information, that comes out to 79.9GB of data.
Should I just get the largest HD I can get?
Oops I mean Pippi!
aurora borealis wondering if we'll get a light show tonight.
Yay new job and new phone case
Aha stayed up to late last night!
On the phone but it was worth it it was an interesting conversation...
ing ok
Angles really took Weaver's Nohitter vs Twins  ran with!
Shutout by Jays for 2nd straight night.
Pujols 04 .194 avg!
Happy New Year, Mike, from Eric and Seth!
Vegas this weekend?
Call us now 877 551 6633 for last minute deals!
Ahh Peyton why you so cute?!
RT : I won, because I have all of you 21 ShortyAwards
Reception sponsored by Learning AZ and Emantras begins at 4:30pm in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
I accept that challenge!!
i auditioned for the solo part today,  i got it !
:
So , I'm feeling nerdy today lol .
MajorStudying !
So seemingly simple, yet never quite the same at home!
Rooms full of genealogy nerds are the new black.
ooohhh...
i do love Cali, but the East Coast is pretty darn great as welland they have much better beaches!
I've had a few randoms do that to me here lately, I never knew what it was meant for anyway.
Fucked a bitch now im bout to fuck her crew now
It WAS scary.
Thank goodness the guy from The Globe saw it happening  stopped.
Glad he didn't say, It's none of my business.
Turn your acting into something to watch.
Recognize the moments, they are the lifeblood of doctorma.
Knicks need to play exactly like they did in 2nd.
Keep up Ball movement, no chucked 3s, stay physical, play transition d
Listening to the power of voice.
Strategic communications in getting the story or message out about a project, etc to the community.
Doctors, Nurses, Social Workers Charged In Historic Medicare Bust  and the GOP says gov't should stay out of healthcare?!?
GONA HEAD TO WORK......
GET THIS MONEY......
DUCES!
Today once was National Donkey Appreciation Day.
But, apparently, donkey appreciation is waning.
i wonder if you ever knew you was a role model to me first.
When people tell me to email my work to them I feel smart.
Looking forward to collaborating at the Innovation Expedition in Healthcare with you.
Pleasant people 
Who ya'll had to fuck to get in that car?
Yeaahh Boii Denver is kicking ass!:D
Spain's unemployment rate is almost 25.
Shit; put's things in perspective.
Thanks!
x
Huh?
Where are u?
Nope actually only bad bitch I know is
It's BeatTheClock tonight at Moe's!
Tap RollingRock is only .50 from 89!
The price increases .25 every hour after that!
Is Harbor East Deli and Pizza any good?
OMO, the feels this just gave me.
His work.
His change.
His power.
His word.
His name exalted.
His mission.
His wholeness.
I Love My Sister More Than Anything In The World!
Obviously this dog is far more well off than I am  RT Even this guy has a pass to SXSW.
What's your excuse?
thoughtsduringschool these damn stairs killing me lol
you dont mean that!
Playing Ice Fest tomorrow in Columbus, come hang!
I hope you put out an album soon.
I'll be sure to buy it!
I've loved your song choices and talent.
a sesame street halloween party?
Tired of twiddahoes!
i vote for Artie, i love pete and pete.
but i've never seen doctor who, so, i guess that makes me biased.
A man's got to believe in something.
I believe I'll have another doctornk.
This bitch better hurry up with my food!!
I'm starving
bet!!!
Just me and u after practice.
Best comedy: Modern Family
We have a great inspirational story today to get us excited about the upcoming Pittsburgh marathon!
Be sure to tune in  9.
I must say I like Conan now also after hearing this, I think I'll watch tonight.
Wizard of Oz at Encino Park Elem, SA,TX  What can we say: daughter's in it, helping create stage sets, volunteering  love the theatre!
: long hair?
let me guess you don't fucking care lmfao I cant
yeah, I don't get it...sounds so much better than recycling?
Um...
Friday is finally here and it's supposed to be really nice weather this weekend!
Woohoo I'm excited!
Are you?
RT : That was a real earthquake.
The earth responding to osu undefeated season.
RT : Nice to share this time with you talking about !!
ouch.
Hope you are OK Tim.
this upcomin tuesday is my 15th bday,And i was thnkin it would be cool if Austin wished me a happy bday!
Do u think ya cld?:
Yes it is lol
Thank you ADP for permanently locking me out of my account after failing secret question password recovery.
Way to go.
Dear Timothy, thanks for following!
Left all the windows open in the house last night.
Be More Concerned About Your Character Than Ur Reputation, Because ur Character is Who U Are  Your Reputation is what Others Think of U!
PEW PEW!
thanks!
That means a lot coming from you :
That almost melts my icy little heart.
Almost.
LOL  Well, send Dman home for the Super Bowl!
We'll test his marg's compared to Husman's 'machine'.
Baltimore Magazine Discovers Things to Do Just Miles from Downtown
Thank you for being you, you are such a inspiration to me, you helped me feel comfortable with my body, you made me feel pretty
were straight ' .
tomorrow i get normal cal count..
i'm still not sure how this works, still researching the whole program.
wonders if you'd like to see Tailgate South perform near your town?
Let us know where!
Thanks for your amazing support this past year!
Saddam Hussein  Osama Bin Laden  Justin Bieber 
The count down to a Beautiful New Years is on
A huge and welldeserved congratulations for getting into , I feel like an embarrassingly proud parent!
Getting ready to read the awesome 's new webseries, NutCity!!!
Hot stuff!
:
I see you often and you've never said a word to me, but you wanna be my friend on Facebook?
I'll add you when you speak.
thanking God for so much right now.!!
santorini smoothie...yum!
maybe ill pretend im on a beach in greece while doctornking this...
Now I don't have to plot ways to strangle my coworker.
it's the amazing glaze, I can stop any time!!
emaciated is more like it ;
The participle was demonstrative.
All right New York...Look no further New York's hottest club is Splash.
And were not talking about mermaids although I could be wrong.
Thanks for following us!
WE need to get ArtStar and Hennessy Designs together :
Less than two weeks.
Plan your outfit and tell yous friends.
Big party raising big funds!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to us, Terri!!
: Have a great day, cuz!!!
I'm still in the office and someone else finished the white wine before leaving.
Side eye to
A: Definitely parallels with  behaving like the internet, use of hashtags, for example
shitty don't follow me
: racing chronic have to find a cardiologist
too busy working.
Support local bands and support Rock!
Props to  the entire crew on a great job on the commencement.
Ya Mama
Hello, mister Christ.
I have returned from the 50s at long last and wanted to say hello...
so...
mission accomplished.
Hey Melanic what is the name of that piece you did?
You know it's finalsweek when...
I'm actually looking into Seattle.
I believe that city may have my name all over it.
Omg, just retweeted my tweet!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Double bogey on first hole ouch!
Of course!
We love our customers too.
The Whetstone Branch is awesome.
Glad you have connected with us.
two losses in the 11th this series.
Tough games.
Hopefully Verlander can bring the club some energy tonight.
Bring a friend to Sugar Shack today 122pm and have them buy something and you get the equivalent ABSOLUTELY FREE!
on it!
good morning
I'll be there

Just when I think I have this hash tag thing down  It's how his name is spelled though.
Remember abdc6 when street kindom stayed to the final 4?
Idk how that happened,lmao they sucked
AAM2011 Online fever session: student suggestions: need to include voices  email gets pretty stale.
give us D.
Whitfield and his/her ensemble!!!!
And there are 1000s more articles just like it.
Tks for the RT.
Great three way battle for 9th, let's go Seabass
Love.
This.
Woman.
RT : If I finish this chapter, I can write a sex scene.
If I finish this chapter, I can write a sex scene.
Legal Records Manager needed in Baltimore!
Please contact me for details.
Went to crush a big spider.
It jumped on my hand.
If coworkers thought I was even slightest bit manly before, no longer.
Does anyone know what Jazz's eyes look like on Fresh Prince?
Lol
Tell me!
I gotta rely on twitter for updates!
Thanks everyone for coming out last night!
We had a great time...see you next year.
oh right ha!
really  then you're correct  that's wierd.
unless he's tweaked something on the smurf courts.
have to wait and see.
Listening to trumpeter Daniel Rosenthal's Lines Interesting use of Wes Corbett on banjo makes for some enjoyable listening.
I hate downtown parking!!
I miss Chris.
Get your morning coffee at Floyd's on SE Morrison  15th and check out my show!
I won't even bother; the whole literature seems to be mediocre at best.
That's how it becomes famous.
JustSayin'
aagh I'm going to try to be there one of these times soon:D
would you be interested in getting paid for your cell phone use ?
UNLIMITED TALK, TEXT, WEB ?
Christopher / 602.573.4157
think of now as Wendy Selig lame duck years for the bucks...change to come...
Very sad but no, not less of a fan.
D: what a jerk.
I love your style
AIN'T GOT TIME 4 GAMES, JUST COME W/IT!!!!!
Microsoft escalates patent wars
Looking to get people who want to stop worrying about a time clock and fear retirement!
time to catch up on pretty little liars before tonight's new episode!!
:.
slap fight
lol : what Doritos tacos???
Are they any good ???
yeah you have a point there.
We'll see though either way its gonna be dope
I had no idea.
Rock and roll!
WaysToImpressMe is to be honest and humble
you are : you never said if you are interested or not!!
Interesting article.
I realized a while ago by procrastination was tied getting things perfect the first time.
what's gd bro did u do that verse yet?
Following elclassico on the mobile.
We can find a better way to pick our leaders, one that doest require/allow giving money to politicians.
1.
DEMAND CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM
We're excited about , encouraging people to make protest songs about issues they care about.
Hey...
WE'VE got a protest song!
You are amazing!
Keep being the great person that you are.
A walking paradox, a newfound legend.
My flow been perfect since 2007
Roy Hibbert better have a Tyson Chandlerlike impact on D and the boards as well.
Just remember who was by your side when everyone else left.
Going to The Avengers because it's important to keep my sex appeal alive.
he's one piece of shit
Why the hell does my Twitter account seem to be unfollowing people on its own?
So im bored so I say someone should text me c:
Nothing like CreativeLIVE to learn about creative tools, today: WordPress for Photographers on with Justin Seeley
Definitely!
We have great solar professorevents incl solartailgate for the Brewers.
You're all welcome to attend!
longshot but do you remember the username and password for the GW event wireless?
Let's have some fun tonight people and don't forget we have the best priced limos around
Great turnout, great presenters RT : Thanks to all speakers, attendees at economistforum!
If you missed it we'll have video soon.
your damn straight rawrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!
Don't worry.
I'm a pro at doctorving while tweeting while dancing while instagraming while keeping watch for cops.
Everybody needs to b sleep
look who designed it!
omg i havnt been on here in 4EVER!!!!
Be Original: Only Dxxd Fish Go With the Flow
not since that one!
:D
Your winter mix is now treating us kindly as we doctorve through some snowy weather :
Today I am detoxing bad things out of my boady I am very toxic so fuck irion man 3 toxic man part 1 staring sean stewart rite
I'm Really Happy leavening California knowing I made some of my Cousins into Mahomies 3
When my teacher cusses in every lecture.
oh yea famous dave fine with me...lol golden coral far as fuck
the market will determine if they are successfulif the food is good, that is.
Thinking about snacking
I sign them cheers humming the theme song in my head and hope you do the same when you read it.
Commitment achieved.
thanks for your support and making Pairings amazing!
Speaker pony: One who uses a speaker phone to feel like theyre important/doing important business even though its for something stupid.
if you could RT this or reply this, i'll seriously kick a cow.
:
I didn't know people still wear rubber bands on their pants legs.
Just get your size
Good girl!
Family first!
WTF happened last night?
I almost threw my beer through the TV.
I know you gotta be pissed!!!
: do you have a facebook page?
Thank you for the kind retweets of today's post
First shot Carmelo in brons face
thangs guys!
Don't slow down post acquisition :
Welcome back to all those checking in this weekend!
Just a reminder: Res Hall Resource Centers are open 10am to 10pm Sunday for check in!
so did i..
ahha
stop omg
I cannot wait!!
Rage!
RT: The snake pit is gonna be a complete shit show this year.
And I couldn't be more thrilled.
hol on wait let me change some words around lol
thanks love!!!!!
i miss you to :
Believe he's there through 201213 school year RT Isn't Gould leaving soon?
Trust me, Geeky doesn't offend me.
Thanks for the FF :
I'd love to attend Buzzwords Berlin but the schedule might not work out.
/cc
Besides Natural Balance Massage, the Belt Pkwy's north view of the bay  Verrazzano Bridge...stunning vista!
20ThingsAboutMe I'm not even sure what number I'm on with these...
10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy who actually works for a living..
Not one who has everything handed to him
Thx for following!
I hope to meet you at ArtsTechSF!
Great seeing you too!
Which reminds me.
Must get ahold of
Don't know what to make of this.
On one hand, it makes sense for his diet, but he is not the only person at the palace.
His mouth should consult his brain next time.
I have heard that yellow jackets are very fashionable these days
Overheard last night at Relayforlife My soul is leaking out of my face!
God help me, I'm becoming a ginger!
Just unfollowed you
k go head do it
nvm happy saturday sexy
Happy bday from Cincinnati to
Osweiler will scan defenses at nearly 5,287 feet above sea level in Denver.
I mean, replacing Manning is a tall order, but that's ridiculous
YOU HAVE TO TELL SAGE SOMETHING.
Hey frat do u do video editing ?
if you could go back and change somethin' what would it be?
I love the wind it feels good when its hot outside
yep I work a swing where I'm on them 7 days out of the month
A kiss is a 2 in 1 deal
loved WWHL last night!
Full circle moment for you.
Cheers
Pancakes.
Eggs.
Bacon.
!
: and some O/G on the side !
Yes this is a very good morning before i go to Volley Ball practice and doctorll Team
Got a question for the Black Male Summit panelists?
Ask here and we'll give it to them!
Republicans who vote for tax increases are akin to ratheads in a bottle of soda.
I'm not!
Lmao in just doing my thang
hey guess what, I finally found Fox on my tv tonight!!
every1 tryna keep up wit the Jones'es....
I dont even know them lol!
People are too distant from the church
Coming soon to gmail...
better ads?
Gee.
Can't wait.
I Ole McRonald
Ms.
Christi just diagnosed me with ADHD.
Hahaha
it's gettin to be too cold time to be a caveman
Thanks!
You heard from CSSD yet?
And did you get Ingeborg's London photos?
I miss those days!
cheers to you on taking a leap and enjoying life.
OMFG I GOT CHEESY POOFS!
:D
I asked for a gym membership  a month later i don't have one, I dislike you mother.
Me and need one for track next year!
:
awe: how'd you get her in trouble?
I feel like Navin when he found out his name was in the phone book!
Nash on GivingShow Top 10 Celebirty Foundations philanthropy is a leverage game.
measurable impact.
Happening now!
tune in MT islandpresident Don't miss Jon Shenk's interview on today at 9AM PST on Los Angeles' 89.3 FM!
if would mean the world if you tweeted me happy birthday!
I'm gonna be 13 on thursday3
what's wrong MB????
Thanks for listening Regine!
Snooty ass bitches always get what they want
Why aren't u following me?
ha!
two baltimore guys on the team, so it's a given...lol
MT : Happy to be w , other gov't colleagues 4 ribbon cutting 4 New American Wing Galleries
3wordsthatwomenhate Your moms hot;
Not feeling good at all :
Forget Kony2012, let's make GeorgeZimmerman famous!!!
Who is GeorgeZimmerman!!!!
: love it!
Cheers!
UGH JOSH WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME
We are just getting started so if there somebody in particular you would like to see on our blog or our site, let us know!!!!
Bout to take Istep...bummed out dont wanna take it:
I would give a ball to be at sound wave festival.
doctorgrace PICK SHARON NEEDLES
where are you?
I might go hangout with Ian...
Haha
such gracious words.
I lost my mom to cancer three years ago!
Thanks for following me on Twitter!
fool couldn't even smile.
Oh.
Lol.
LOTS OF STRIPES.
GOT IT.
Ahaha.
Or should I wear my audoctory hepburn doctorss or my sailor suit.
JFIOAJOIEWJ
This fish just told me I look very mysterious, and sexy.
haha I'm just playing
He gives really cheap skull
Go caps!
knocking doors for future congressman
Social Media Power Player SMPP is changing my life  it hasn't even started yet!
Think I'm getting a new doctoram
So hypocritical isn't it?
How do they square that with the grassroots Tparty movement?
Thosepatriots but theseanarchists?
lol
It's starting to cook out there.
I won't call it Summer yet until opening my door feels like a molten lava pimp slap, however.
SO SORRY to all of you who got a link from me.
I got it from some guy and clicked on it.
it must have sent it to everyone!
RT : These are precious!
Fuck the Portland Police Department
It was interesting to see some people rage at the Ned Stark stuff.
Like they felt betrayed.
I sense much worse is coming.
You will get over that soon!
yall rule I love your waffle fries
SHOUTOUT GO FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK : X
I was at my cousins house !
.
they had the fight.
though it ended long time ago..
the adults like to talk a LOT.
haha
Come see me today at Borders Express in Exton Mall between 13pm.
I'll be signing The Lipstick Laws.
Almost went to jail today.
Scared the crap out of me.
Yeah ...
those monopoly games get pretty intense.
awww..missed you too!
Hope you're doing good!
hahahaha totally ill catch them in my pond n bring them;
doctoraming of London today...ahh the power of netflix!
aittle in action ?
Youtube ?
how do I even go about doing that?
I want to buy in when the real estate is really cheap!
Wishing all you Love Birds out there a Happy Valentines Day!
Tweet Tweet
: My guy held the curtain for Kelly Clarkson when she played Indy.
That story never gets old.
follow me
Great  busy weekend!
Another amazingly successful client on Sat.
personal retreat on Sun.
Recommend
Working on props for shelyn and richies photo booth this Saturday.
People who soar are those who refuse to sit back and wish things would change.Charles R.
Swindoll
Take risks, give chances, face your fears.
It makes your boring story interesting.
what's going on Sal?
Checking out twitter
Im OD tired :
Super excited for my LA weekend, starting tonight with some laughs for a good cause
Go Follow ASAP teamblackhouse
blah blah blah blah testing fb and twitter integration
RT : Depends on whether you want people to watch.
Would there actually be enuf content??
yea buddy
George Zimmerman's attorneys tell reporters that, if they're waiting for Zimmerman to appear, slip on out, because that's not happening.
If you were intelligent, you wouldnt need your gender as an excuse.
Typical liberal.?
the Y its to hot to play outside
Saturday night live!!!
HYFR!
Like a boss!:
: what!
jus clicked her pic  i had no idea oomf was so ugly,  she tweet like she badd mm mm mm Should've expected dat!!!
thanks eve :
Yeah, of course.
That is my major criticism of itlack of diversity.
But I'm still not sure that these girls are
me too as the night goes on I keep getting hungrier lol wtf should we do
New Consumer Financial Protection Board website is up.
It looks rather cartoonish  not serious.
Is that a bad sign for consumers?
Thanks for the FF shoutout!
Have a rockin' weekend!
Oh Girl
How bright green my eyes are without makeup on right now 
Glad you were able to use the video!
Happy BillofRightsDay!
RT Don't be a bore!
Attract and engage your reader with a confident, assertive hook in the first 13 lines of your article.
I rather be ya N.I.G.G.A, so we can get doctornk and smoke weed all day!
The 510 yr vision for eLearning software is simpler.
The combined skills of ID  Developer will continue to grow.
I don't want DD to go home tonight!!!!!!
When will the Copper Anvil entry be out?
Marriott to Sell ExecuStay Corporate Housing to Oakwood
Take chances, make mistakes, get messy.
Ms.
Frizzle, The Magic School Bus
good idea!!
Responded to FIRE  767 Lindbergh Avenue, Peekskill, NY 10566.
Red Cross auto update.
yeah it is but it doesn't feel like it :
Two more days then off for 15.
Can't wait!!!
I miss everything about you /3
no doubt.
Nu La!
Very nice performance!
We will be premiering a new George Crumb work next weekend in Philadelphia, American Songbook VII
Welcome!
RT : It's official  I'm in my new digs up on the 4th floor Come say hi!
thanks Emilio.
It's a blessing and a curse.
I hate hurrying up just to wait
loves google.
Overheard from runofthemill cubicle dweller next to me: I don't get doctornk; I get AWESOME.
Pfff.
You got no idea chief.
I done left and came back and they still ain't called my 
Huntsman: What govt does needs to be recognized.
Taxpayers should get their money's worth.
Am I the only one that doesn't understand Tyler Perry's humor?
Laugh tracks are awful.
We need you in Concert in Orlando soon!!!
When will u be back?
I'm going to be an aunt!!!
How is my baby
It was a nice moment.
It's more than meeting first, like she said.
I think this is for real.

RT : Someone who knows how to code should make a version of the Time cover where you can upload your own photo to get nursed.
oh ok.
He said the background part where I say I Got Lyrics 2 GO wasn't in the session that you sent.
Got burrito from La Hacienda ,and then Slush Puppies.
It's about time!
gina call me  we can meet by my old house, yeah?
i think so ;
Thanks!
Going to be a crazy week.
i hate fake ppl:
Just received school librarian of the year award!
That's cool with me..
But the play i'm talking about is when they were WALKING down the court and Harden got called
Lunch rush is dying downcome spend the afternoon with us!
Heading over there, tomorrow!
Lol i want more followers!:
Under 2 minutes to play at Madison Square Garden, UMass trails Stanford 6556, biggest deficit of 2nd half.
Waiting in a parking lot at a lower tier indoor waterpark for Xmas with the inlaws.
Spreading the Gospel of Love, Truth, and Blessedness
roadtrips with pubmedia ; altho some of the audio proc makes me cringe..
nothing sounds like home.
Seasons Change and so has Avon For the Best.
Rita 404.454.1494 serving Atlanta and Surrounding Areas.www.youravon/rbrown.com
I love you...so much
never heard of it before.
thanks for the good game wishes!
We lost though

there's no where in the world i rather be,then here in my room doctoramin about you and me3.
watching your TED Talk on Motivation Guidance Counselors as we talk about their new roles in a changing education system.
LOVE!
It's cybermonday everyone!
Check out sperantsa's website and order your HatsForHope now!
who is this mandie person?
very cool now you just need a snake feather hair extension and you'll be set!
I'm starting to realize this...
RT Sometimes you just have to let it go...
I love how RR has handled keeping us in the realm of Consequences without explaining the underlying Cause
I'll never understand how a woman can leave her house in the AM without showering.
First I'm hearing of it!
What thrilling news!
It's prior winners like you that lend the fellowship such prestige
Great Place!
3?
Wow.
Fun  nutty household, I'm sure.
Tried to pull my teacher in.
She sent me to the Principal's Office.
Principal got fired the next day.
The Downtown Detroit fireworks?
wow!
You have the wild game thing nailed!
I've never tried.
Started reading abook called Barefoot in November by the son of family friend.
Memoir about life with aortic aneurism
first time listener todaylove, loved it!
Tomorrow night is gonna be so much fun!
Then the river and swing dancing Sunday.
Hope it all works out!
Brandon Williams with his glasses off, is officially, Elvin from the Cosby Show!
Lololol!
watch out now, too much party
ha thank you.play my shine.
Everyone and there mother loves that one
Lmaooo haha you love my best friend don't you?
Don't you just wish you had such a great friend like her?
Fletcher: bike plan..we have it, need to make it a priority.
First ballet class in YEARS!
Wish me luck!!
I am going sailing....
if practice gets canceled I might cry
I hate him too.
Probably the cockiest person on the planet.
mygrandmaiscool My grandma had too much wine before midnight mass and kissed the priest full on the mouth!
Grazie does lunch!!
Noon3PM MF stop by for AllYouCanEat for just 9.95 or 13.95!
My day has started
Thank you for being the best coinstructor in the whole wide world!
Really nice song's Glen keep in touch with White Crow
John Kings wife is Dana Bash who is AntiPaul!
So he won't go to Paul except for retarded questions!
wohoo!
You rock!
yeah Rome may be a little unprofessorssional but Herd's just a clown.
Time To Switch to HBOboxing Canelo Vs.
Suga on deck
Hahahahaha!
That is one of the best ideas I have ever heard!
was amazing tonight on AmericanIdol  hope it continues!
The alcohol inks seem to be lasting on rougher textured metal charms.
On very polished silver charms ink can be mostly rubbed off with cloth
and by pink, I mean white :/
It absolutely baffles me that there is a Blackwater video game but SixDaysinFallujah can't get a publisher because it's too controversial.
yes!
What time should we be there?
Also, would it be weird of I wore an IU shirt?
So excited for my tasting at 's in Glen Ellyn on Saturday from 113..come taste some Jo Snow cocktails  soda.
See ya there!
When was the first time you had Monicals Pizza?
There is nothing more peaceful than a sleeping child.
u should wake up So can grab my car
Yes is right!!
Have a super day everyone.
Right now, I'm tying up one project so another can be started ...
anyone figure out that cloning process yet?
Maverick Meerkat now installing.
Crossed fingers.
If you can't wait for the dessert to be shipped to you, you can pick up your gift basket in Lowell!
Breathing control gives man strength, vitality, inspiration, and magic powers.
Chuang Tzu
: the more, the merrier.
People will hate you, rate you, break you and shake you.
How strong you stand is what makes you.
my bad Clint I'll ease up
right when it was taken we were like professorle pic!
pw2012 Prosperity Works announces 300,000 Kellogg grant to start Childoctorn's Savings Accounts in New Mexico!
If I get doctorfted this year, it's going to be hard to have to turn down the 2012 summer Olympics.
I hope it goes well n.n!
on my way to the chi to get a piglet and a bird...
Work at the edges of your field.
So great to meet you yesterday, Joey!
You were awesome in the chat!
Thanks so much!!!!
Never let parents do the shopping for yah :
SchoolMemories This year.
Spending every waking moment with my family.
Especially competition and this last week.
Happy birthday to the fabulous !!!
Now reading Stephen Webb's WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
FIFTY SOLUTIONS TO THE FERMI PARADOX.
thank you  i really appreciate the RTs!
The only time I'm good at something is when I don't know what I'm doing.
I know right lol
Shucks!
Is there a waiting list for bottles that go unclaimed and/or never picked up?
hey, he should get his shot too
good luck with your panel!
Feel Better Jackson!
RT : Send your love to your fellow Crohnies  share this post FeelBetterFriday!
via : Anyone in a walking boot has no credibility with me.
If you're so smart, why is your foot busted?
: charging my batteries and shining my rain boots!!
Do so!
Last time we talked, you were fighting Kelsey.
Robert Maner he is one of my friend's XBOX Lives friend
So many Redskins player tweeting excitement for another DC team making it to the playoffs and also advancing
HM!
RT more biz should do something for ChiChat.
A restaurant should invite us to sit  chat on Twitter
Page proliferation and segmentation is a HUGE problem within higher ed and Facebook.
Students don't care about departments.
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...60 days left as an unmarried woman!
wow, WIFYR is over.
good times.
it's helped immensely.
I hope I can get a book out between now and next years' conference.
too much too soon....Mike Tyson was just overwhelmed by the flood of success.
his first wife and motherinlaw only made it worse
Just had the corned beef and monte cristo
Roadtrip to OU with and Lillian can't wait to be with and momma rob
Starting to add a little Green Tea to me diet.
I'm starting to feel a little like a 'BuddhistHippy' from Portland now..
;
What Happens in Verona: Last show today unless we're voted best of fest!
Box office 11am, doors 1:30, curtain 2pm www.stonesouptheatre.org
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
When I try always says: Note: We were unable to determine whether or not you have previously saved this bookmark.

damn you all got my son all starving n shit
EverydayIThinkAbout One Direction, all day every day!
You are my life :
Stealing this fun question from a fellow coach.
THINGS YOU MISS ABOUT BEING A KID?
Go.
You can't make someone love you, all you can do is be someone who can be loved, the rest is up to the person to realize your worth.
At Cornerstone in College Park.
Kris Kross' jump just came on.
I got hype, but these kids have no idea.
I HAD THIS TAPE!
I love loving fireworks.
I must have missed that post.
That's awesome, good luck!
good call on the mailing list.
Look forward to next season.
It amazes me that people never run out of things to say on
Pancakes acquired.
Now for more coffee and some work!
Not only have the pansies bloomed in the yard, but there is a HUGE bunny munching on them right now!
POSH TONIGHT FOLKS...ITS A WRAP...NO WAIT LINE FOR THE LADIES...PLEASE ARRIVE EXTRA EXTRA EARLY SO YOU CAN GET IN
there are always new buildings to put up, admin staff to hire and beutification projects
Thanks to all the people that came out and to the establishments that hosted us on another successful pub crawl!
I love Liz.
maybe u will haha.
Don't u hang with hager and the twins ?
GoBucksGo!
BeMilwaukee!
Happy Birthday Coach Skiles!
Get the win !
Beat76ers Defense Defense!!
Mke fans great, Phl fans NOT!
Every time I hear Juicy, I look at myself and say damn.
I'm only getting started...
New York Giants News for May 8  Giants Football Blog
AfterEffects or Flash for an animation?
It's a simple animation but I kind of want to use this opportunity to learn AE.
Choices...
Maybe The Old Spagetti Factory in Trolley Square Mall?
Does everyone have their marketing plans ready for AAO?
:
Thanks for follow.
Mahalo.
Woah!
Thanks for the RT.
Makes me feel all special and stuff...
lol
You're not the boss of me :
I fully support that.
Does the beach have wifi?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 35
And knowledge is knowledge.
Thrilling for its own sake.
Sorry, I'm an Aquarius.
I'm living, can't complain.
You were on my mind so I thought I'd hit you up.
Hope you enjoy your vday
: Finally getting the tabby cat that's been sleeping on my head trimmed up.
glad that we could help!
Isn't Valerie the best?
I just played a second bingo in a row on my mother in Scrabble.
Pretty soon you will all hear the screams of rage from Marin.
: As a Jets fan it's in my DNA to hate SB46 FULLY AGREED
No problem!
DMCA Now talking about Managed Copy.
: After awhile shit just gets old, really fucking old
I wanna Go shopping!
Just google the news.
I think she's dating a model?
Plus it's trending right now.
don't forget the tape.
I can only assume the shittalking thread is just teeming with gossip about how messy my desk is right now.
Thx a lot,
I hate how on my days off, I just sit at home.
It makes me wish I was working .
what do you get paid for??
A.
Zip up the PSD file and all specialty fonts and place on FTP or send via email
June 17th 57 pm Celebration!
Make sure and join The City of Washington and The Chamber of Commerce on Main Street for a 6pm Ribbon Cutting!
Had a great time chatting, laughing and getting to know you more at the event tonight!
Hope 2 see you again soon!
A thousand apologies for the late postings on the dedications!
The dedications will be in a more timely manner starting...
now.
:
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors?
We the People!
Carl Crawford to the RedSox...What do you think the O/U Win total will be for them now with him and A.
Gonzalez?
No text back?
Cool, I C U.
I want to go to Florida and Cali this summer.
Happy Mutter's Day to everyone who's a Mom or has one!
Thanks for the RT!
If you're ever in town, let us know....
I'm sure we can con into bringing you in for a visit.
Right?
Had to work on a Mac last week after several years away.
Wanted to put my fist through the screen.
scratch that make it 6 beer events for
Good to see a celeb not act like a manaquin  a sporting event.
California, Argentina, Washington State, Chile,
His face just looks so weird..
Hope everyones having a fantastic Memorial Day Weekend!:
private company contracted with DOD and homeland security and military.
The only thing buried under the Vatican are dead popes as far as I know LOL
DVF is my ultimate mother figure man., she's one of the most awesome human figures in history.
Friday coffee quiz: Animal prints or floral?
Discuss.
Yes.
You?
I think I will stay 21 another year.
The look of shock when I reveal my age hasn't gotten old yet..
: So love it when does worship in other languages.
Now let's do german, Thai and aussie
3 years later....
RT : President Obama opens by blaming deficit woes on George W.
Bush's Administration
haha its so rediculous, but funny, hurry and get off work dude
U know u successful when people can't stand u..ctfu I love it..
Albuminurophobia Fear of kidney disease.
no problem3
Do you think people will ever stop taking pictures of the baseball field from their seats?
The only reason I'm watching tv is for Weezy106 ..
he's so fine and I love his videos..
weezy finatic :
I hate the lakers!
But don't get excited nugget fans!
THAY GON COME BACK
Pooda said pleasedo it with me
IF YOU FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW YOU BACK
I have to ask, what's SEO?
Yay!
Thanks for downloading!
doctornk coffee for the first time today
Voted for you last night :
Talk about a good night :
Enjoy the night buddy
i am so sick of this hipstersynth bullshit music.
I don't think there's any help for my story though.
i hope its national 'look like shit' day.
because i look and feel the part.
I have my unconventional hat on today.
great thanks!!
I just entered...
so i can enter daily right?
studying for the World Cultures midterm.
feeling really tired..
Thanks so much to everyone who requested us on The Local Buzz w on last night!
You too!
Oh, !
I'm using right now.
Genius.
Thank you for the intro!
: : chillin bra I gotta email u a track i need u on one  say no mo
thanks.
If it wasn't for you we wouldn't have thanksgiving
Best Planned Parenthood/Save The Childoctorn/Rainforest/Clock Tower sidewalk opening line yet: I've always wondered: Is male modeling hard?
Its Buffalo Bill
Finally home after some amazing days in London!!
Truly extremely amazing and I love every single one of my sweet friends I shared it w/!
33
I just installed the new UberSocial for
inmiddleschool my nails was always dirty
correction: WMATA web site.
manifestAR style augmentedoctorality intervention reappropriated by as educational activity ...
Sweet!
I picked up some odds and ends from the 711 and the cashier clearly thought I was high.
My home girl told me if I ever broke This Girls Heart, She was gone go all Carrie Underwood On Me  Make a Song, Make Me Famous I Deserve It
I don't get it!
Justin bieber loses some of his beliebers just because he dyed his hair brown.
Why not unfollow lady gaga?
She changes a lot
experts say macing people in the chest is sufficient.
just sayin'.
but if it must be the face, go for it...
:
HI!
I recently came across your blog and am really wanting to learn how to bake bread.
Any tips on how to get started?
Me Newb
Donald Duck Dunn left this daffy world today, bummer.
haha thanks man
It's my world.
You just a squirrel tryin' to get a nut.
Now get outta here.
Thanks for the mention!!
We luv you
Nyjer Morgan has the best interviews of anyone!
sad to see the cows go though!
Watching my 8 month old niece  4 year old nephew all while attempting to do final reviews is freakin' frustrating.
Thank you for the mention!!
haha well i'm down for being a tester if you ever get a hangout together.
I need to start using it more!
Additionally progress stagnates and doctorfts.
Federal minimum wage in 1968 was worth 10 in today's standards and minimum remains 7.25.
Soo my horoscope called me fat today, yaaaayyyy
good news for the bucks...
I have speculated more than once what my life would be if I was in something other than advertising and public relations.
Music doesn't start with a beat.
It doesn't start with lyrics.
Music starts with inspiration.
I feel like going back over to Savage house, but his lil Red ass sleep SMH.
Now that I'm older wiser and less afraid of the world, I wish I could start highschool all over again.
I would TOTALLY OWN IT NOW!!!!
We're gonna skate to one song, and one song only: Lady Hump by the Black Eyed Peas.
Unless you get a super turbulent ride, then sleepiness turns to sickliness : RT : A2.
Party hard and u can sleep ANYWHERE
Does ESRI consider a PhD associated with a research assistant position as experience for their job openings?
Thank you, thank you very much.
You're a beautiful audience.
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Lets finish the week strong!
RT : Not everyone has potential for greatness, but everyone has potential of toughness
Keep talking and I'm gonna start talking...
We dont stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing
Somehow today you'll be told you can do better.
That's great.
Believe it!
If there's any class that I wish I can just get out of, its piano.
When thinks she scares me.
boy you doing it big.
I am going to kick you when u see you!
Mahalo for the Tweet!
Posted photos from the pirate adventure field trip.
Some funny stuff, too bad that I couldn't get video!
We laughed!
Also, A lost a tooth!
mkay, you're welcome ahaha : and yeah so far I love it.
lol why are you up
Now how do I put a tweet in my pocket and carry it around with me for the rest of my life?
: TY
Again, can't stand the Cardinals, but that arch they mow into the outfield grass looks cool.
someone tweet me.
I ENJOYED MOTHER'S DAY TO THE FULLEST : :
happy birthday.
Hope to see you in lexington this weekend
well unhack yourself!
I have GOT to see a launch from Baikonur before I'm launched from there :
following the Gitelman talk from a distance via your tweets.
Thanks DHers at
Anyone at New Mexico Grand Lodge right now?
looking for an update...
Finally getting rid of tweetcaster..
you are beautiful too : 3
All this machine does is swim  eat  make little sharks  destroy straight marriages was the original line in the script.
we love you San Francisco...
and we love our Fans !!!
You're in charge of not letting people get to you.
They can't pull the trigger if you don't give them the gun.
Meet Johnny the stingray; pigeon talk; aspirational aitches
SHOES,SHOES AND MORE SHOES COME IN TO CITY GEAR DERBY HERE!!!
ROUNDHOUSE ADIDAS,SHELLTOE ADIDAS, AND MUCH MORE
I love a women in leggings and heels!!!
New Life Counseling  Evelyn Barton  Life can be overwhelming and extremely stressful.
Many of us need some guidance and/or a...
At the barber shop
haha I don't!
I've gotten some scary ones, though.
One guy called me Mystery Girl.
WEEEEIIIRRRD.
man, what a long couple of days, but I survived!!!
still not the weekend, but i can sure use a break!
made a kube type be 35 who wants it
In love with the song beautiful disaster 
ahaha okay if you say so
I've been super stressed the past few days, but sharing a salad with the dog is definitely helping for now.
I love Iggy Pop but American Idol really?
Um...
I keep feeling like arguing with mister stuff but then I remind myself that it's not histo perspectives so much as ways to be misogynist
TIME TO START LIVING
follow back?
:3
We can't move on until we realize the horrible past thar created the present.
hell yeahh i would be too, she said no problem, be safe!
3
I can't even thank enough for everything she did today for me.
She always goes above and beyond as my coach!!
thehungergamestaughtme fight for love, no matter what it takes.
Thank You to you and all the team for never giving up!
When people look depressed doee 
RT : Congratulations to on winning the Best New Artist at the GRAMMYs!!!
Be Great.
...And I gladly stand up, next to you and defend her still today.
Cause there aint no doubt I love this land, God bless the USA!
nice tshirt!
Thanks!
Happy to do it.
2/2 Also, after watching Shut Up Little Man!, I decided R Crumb wannabes are both the worst comic artists AND human beings on planet.
OH: Hmm, 25 cent nuclear decommissioning fee.
At Spotify holiday event...
would you pick up Marshon Brooks and doctorp Amir Johnson?
lol he is REALLY rapping ...
omg !!!
RT : And there is your dagger.
My hamster might have Wet Tail.
Oh wells.
because its fake??
Haha
That is to funny :
No one is napping in Fort Lauderdale this afternoon as the skies fill w/warplanes practicing for the Air  Sea Show
they have not been scheduled yet.
Ashton kutcher a job well done !!
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I need your help
The way Louis says Harder in Moments  My life existence
The best part of GIRLS so far: Charlie's apartment.
That's some super Apartment Therapytype shiz there.
haha I know she is brutal but yes we should be home seeing they all took work off aha but yes the Bahamas was amazing!
RT : PR Pros on Twitter  Use Hashtag IAMPR And You'll Be Listed on the SMPR Blog...!
www.smprblog.blog.com  Aerocles.blog.com
u haven't
Ok!
I will!
I can't believe that this is the last week of school already.
: If I am approved to write release about it or do an interview, I am approved for SM.
Regrettably rare.
Question: Whats your favorite local business in Baltimore?
We want to know!!
us too!
It's a longshot but we're giving it everything we've got!
RT COKids featured siblings adoption: Wonderful, active sibling group needs a family who'll adopt them.
The kid got what you deserved, he candymanned.
You can't candyman or biggy smalls and not expect that  Troy Bartow
gives the skinny on the esteemed International Graduate University, which takes up space w/o doing much near Potomac...
What to do what to do
Well we really are going to disappoint, aren't we?
Early Dismissal .:
A Czech man, Jan Honza Zampa, holds the record for doctornking one liter of beer in 4.11 seconds.
I think someone should be doctorpping subtle hints to Toni Morrison that calling herself ToMo is the way to go.
it's okay though ..
right?
Shane Mosley is taking a beating right now
kate I'm really happy you have a tumblr and less hair and these types of life choices
shake it off, its playoff time
Anybody like Sleeping Giant?
Or In the Midst of Lions?....
Or Gideon?
watch out for idiots swinging hand weights.
and shelves that appear out of nowhere
GOP more unpopular than Dems.
Yet people still voted GOP.
Like high schoolers who don't want prom king to be class president too!
Closely with me
well its nice to meet you.
i dont give out personel information though.
When someone follows me and i dont follow them first, i fall in love with them.
If there are selfmade purgatories, we all have to live in them.
Mine can be no worse than anyone else's.
Spock, This Side of Paradise
That's so true!
Swapping is so fun and exhilarating, esp the first time.
And if you bring 5 people you can swap for free!!
But more stalkerrific!
First break of the night and all I can think about is quitting time...6 and a half hours away :
Cops say Obama protesters already showing up on the south gate of Buckley.
Cops gearing up to monitor them.
Not a pretty game
For my ivf tweeps....did your RE ask you to go on BCP the month before the ivf cycle?
exactly right.
Ok ill check it out.....
S/O
May 1st  7:30PM LIVE STREAM ON FOX SPORTS:: National AllStars vs.
American AllStars.
For more info, visit www.hsaaaclassic.com
The term is Shawshanked via and I always get sucked in by Blue Streak
too early to make that call.
It's all or nothing for Rangers this season.
Olive oil is SO expensive!!
Okay I refollowed you :
Oh and my one year anniversary of having this twitter is coming up this month!
ah okay.
Goodnight yall :
I should probably go to bed...AH FUCK THAT IM STAYING ON TWITTER!
;
enjoying the sun during my break
Last Day to get 50 OFF at The Irishman Pub.
Follow us for all our weekly
Plans are inert and useless without sufficient power to translate them into action.
Napoleon Hill
Emma Watson: young women are told they have to be a delicate princess.
that's bullst.
if I were a princess, I'd be a warrior princess.
I want to cry, I have all of a sudden got loads of spots on my chin.
Life  over
Half off all bottles of wine  doctorft beer today!
Tough loss tonight.
Poor coaching really hurt
YOU DONT KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL 33333
Thanks Travey!
your so sweet!
hows your week going?
Kimberly Reeds documentary Prodigal Son is one of the best DOCS I've ever seen and it is coming out soon.
Look for it
Death stares in the daytime.
Nicey nice in the nighttime.
my mom: wow, 18 years and your still walking around naked.
me: lol yea its gonna keep happening too.
80 of agents making more than 100k use video
Brazilian style
I didn't get a D/L link.
Is there one up yet?
it kind of goes too far.
People starting to bleach their ass crack and intimate areas.
Reason why Avengers was ass?
No Spiderman.
What would happen if the combined jdate and Christiansingles?
I know a lot of beautiful women wit low self esteem
Guess who doesn't care about your law school exams??
Me.
Weather nice out 2day...think I'ma chill doe
yet another thing youmedia got right
: told you last night that the new preview was fire!
3
working out today!
im giving myself 90 days to lose 15 pounds getting my
awesome...
pity you're teaching it so far away ;
So proud of my little cousin : 8thgradegraduation 4.0 love you more than you'll ever know!!
a year ago, this would be a good performance for the Knicks.
Fans, be happy about that
u put a few scratches on me....
i'm bruised...
hey what time are you and the queen coming in....call me 5035024425
Just when there was too much beauty  style for one room to handle, Kristen Stewart arrived  brought us all back down to earth.
AGENT THAT CONTROL THE DARK WORLD.
IF THE ALMIGHTY GOD OPENS YOUR EYES TO SEE HOW POWERS OF DARKNESS OPERATE AGAINST HUMANITY
you show me yours and I'll show you mine!
thanks for understanding I'm still a die hard ICONiac I do go on twitter a lot actually just never post ....
uh, does that make stealing second base illegal??
4A State Baseball Playoffs at AllStar park today!
It's a perfect day for watching baseball games...anyone headed up there?
Buccos in business...Unlike Terrell Owen's accountant
Hello Stephen, Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
I'm so sad that Amendment One passed y'all.
I'm gonna stop by Bojangles doctorvethru on the way home and soak my sorrows in BoBerry biscuits
Bridesmaids should have gotten a best picture nom.
The academy has no sense of humor.
GoTribe Let's go Tribe, beat the red sox!
not pouring, just attending.
We are working on our relaunch so waiting to do events until our new brand is out there.
330 am.
Wide awake.
This book.
Oh my this book.
anything you're looking for in particular?
this girl talkin all fast giving me a mf'n headache
That lobcity from Paul to Jordan over 2 Grizzles was pretty sick.
well than stay in ya box in the alley way
Good enough!
Cooperation is the thorough conviction that nobody can get there unless everybody gets there  Virginia Burden
Reggie the Reckless is kickin' ass and Pam is lookin' good!
love it!
I got hired haha
There is therefore now no condemnation to those who r in Christ Jesus, who don't walk according to flesh, but according to Spirit.
Rom 8:1
Quote: Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.
Tom Hopkins
HAHAHA!
Yes, to clarify....
an 'actual douche.
:
happy birthday
Had a delay on my iPhone they couldn't swap it out today so gotta wait later this week
What ever happened to respect??
These females get turned on by being called a bitch and a hoe..smhh only this generation
Every few months I have the need to research Trainspotting
RT RT!
Some cereal would go hard as fuck right now.
We need to work on alot of things.
Seeing Jason at WalMart made my day.
:
I hate these damn frogs outside my window!!
Im going to attempt the impossible!.....
Waxing myself in my nether regions!
I cannot wait to FEEL the bingo with Tim tonight.
Awh yeah that felt so good.
at the art libraries society national conference in boston
The benefit of closed networking?
You own ur category, so no competition.
We've a tightknit grp of vetted professorssionals focused on growth.
If you're gonna try, you're gonna fail.
It's how someone reacts after failure that makes them a success story.
Silly other planes distracting me.
if you sit close to field with kids, might wanna choose glove over being cool.
It might help.
shout out to martha ruiz
RT : Less than 5 minutes til on live interview about Walk Across America!
glad your ok...
Enjoy the morphine while it lasts
WoW Update: NCsoft Aims To Break The Static Online Game Mold With ArenaNet's Guild Wars 2  Forbes
that teamtweetallnight sign was awesome!!!
Just got home from city place in palm beach had so much fun!!
UFC's sells pro fighting at varietysportsbiz summit.
Arary McGowan Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
it really is.
The wind is howling, the snow is falling sideways, the home internet is down and I am officially on snowverload now
asking all them questions lol...
roll tribe
Lol yes!
RT S/o to for throwing up on my foot in pigskin
Been a busy day, finally time for meet to meet up with my pillow n blanket n call it a night...
Blazers just ran all over the Suns.
We could do damage in the playoffs
in my eyes your everything ..
but in your eyes, i'm just a fan..
now
Fed up of people being pissed off with me and not telling me.
Grow some balls and just tell me what I've done.
RT Who are some fab chicks?
I'll tell ya!
So how does it feel 1 day after winning DWTS?
So thrilled that u won J.R., you certainly deserved it !
Happy Thanksgiving !
Follow its myo big bro
Can You Can You Follow My New Page : ?
your dog looks like a giant stuffed animal...
Join us 4 gr8 ongoing wine ed today  12pm EDT.
We're talking up the surprising diversity of Chardonnay...don't miss!
DOES HCG REALLY MAKE YOU LOSE WEIGHT?????
Good morning everyone !
Don't we all wish it was summer already .......
Omg I get to see my husband in 8 days ah holmdel is going to se the best concert eva Bizantchies lmaoo
I'm talking about those annyoing, loud ass niggas
After all that you take the ball out of Brees hands??
Crazy.
Just stoled an orange
I don't know you therefore I will not txt you
Chillin w/ Molly tonight.
I haven't seen her in a week ..
what time at the kca's coming on??
All man's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone.
BlaisePascal
Thanks for the follow back.
RT RT: benefit show was asuccess!
Thanks 2 for being such a huge inspiration!
Im Nothing But Trouble Baby.,
I use to be 'Hangin With misterCooper.
Now, I'm Hangin with H.H.A!
Holistic Healing  Alternatives.
Holla.
;
Thinking about using in the wildcat next season.
Why?
Don't ask questions.
We'd love to have you at the Boston Cleanweb Hackathon next wknd to continue the startlabsSGH momentum!
I never ever wanted to be nobody else but myself!
I don't kissandtell, my friend.
: RT : so hey what other Twitter Account are you behind?
What's up twitter world
stop Apologizing We Good :
Last night I attempted a front straddle whip on the flying trapeze.
Blindfolded.
In tights.
This morning I realize I have a strange job.
Id Rather Be Out Somewhere.
If you have questions about our programs please email us at or call us at 713380KIDS.....
awww shucks!
Thanks for the Mandonna love!
Also miss my hometown of Downey.
: I'll be back in late June like every year.
With a ghetto hood name..Her husband, got the electric chair for something he probably didn't do...
falls into the arms of a redneck racist
2 hours 51 minutes until the SERVIQUE Movement hits Milwaukee ; are you ready?
You're so old Lara :
a puss?
That sucks!
Haha
NeverBe afraid to express your true feelings
Another computerless person settles in at the table.
mla12
Happy Mother's Day!
Follow Me??Please!!PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!!
Hey Autocorrect.
As a rule, i'll never text the word thong to anyone, ever.
So if u could just replace it with thing ...
always.
Thx!
That sounds like our kind of holiday shopping!
you can with proper supplementation
Thanks for retweet!
Any assistance to promote RECYCLING is appreciated.
Go to www.Americarecyclesday.org and make pledge.
RT  Dear Cleveland, The Browns, Indians, Cavaliers, and every other sports franchise associated with your city SUCKS.
sorry
so how did you know we had grape leaves today?
any chance of an Undeadguy Ale for my burger joint ?
Whenever you think about giving up, think about why you've kept going for this long.
you can buy damn near anything on amazon!
Lemon Lime Gatorade will be served on our courses for the 2010 races!
if they beat michigan i dont care at all.
You wanna Fuck with my game we'll be bringin you the pain ...that will never change
Blue jeans, white shirt.
When I walked into the room, you know you made my eyes hurt.
Making my way thru the 800 songs on the sxsw bittorrent.
So many great bands I have never heard of.
A little jazz hiatus till after sxsw.
Thats my job of course
Landing softly.
Shoutout to for Golden State.
SMS just gets it.
No chest thumping there.
not the lexus club bar.
As a biz owner, I think they have successfully alienated an entire segment of their customer base.
and now I have Hakuna Matata stuck in my head...
...
It means no worries for the rest of your days!
need a recent bio ASAP.
Also, do you have blurbs?
Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right.
Henry Ford
Almost 70 of entering college students support marriage equality.
No longer if, but when.
Shame on whoever called Mohamed Sanu and told him he was going No.
27 overall to the Bengals.
He's a good kid and doesn't deserve that.
doctor Gregory Hunter at ARMA Boston today: RM is about storytelling.
I can't watch political shows because sometimes they are complete nonsense.
Changing channel.
Getting hungry, need breakfast stuffs.....
On October 3rd he asked me what day it was.
it's October 3rd.
Prince Daniel: It's a princess!!!
Swedish
Make sure to check the safety record  features when buying a card.
: Yes, I'm from Tennessee.
No, I am not stupid...No, I am not married to my cousin.
it's twitter official
friday  thank you .
about a potential business relationship.
We are currently working with new talent in the regional area, and are now expanding.
Hope you...
You will keep your job  retire from there..
I luv me a thick chick wit a nice slim waist and a whole lot of ASS dammnnn
Oh at a hotel : How cool.
I'm gonna doctorve up and check in mmk?
Got a free room?
Haha and yes!
Major money saver for sure!
Wisconsin is called the Badger state because people would have made fun of The Gasser State.
I feel like I am back in the military.
Knocking this WorkOut gettin more done b4 9am then most be  all day
you'll be happy to know that my Tweeting activity has recently picked up, which bodes well for my blog.
hey sir!
May I please have an email for u or Tango??
Thanks :
love your bio.
do u know xpression Cornbread Mafia?
Nothing says summer like a Rootbeer Float...
Come try our newest specialty cocktail!
Thx baby!
Hope this isn't like the last 3 times I announced I was officially back 2 living/working on Twitter  jumped ship stat
Want to buy jewelry for that special someone?
Use today's deal to get 60 off all regular priced jewelry at Precision Jewelers!
...
Going to bed early .
RIP Smokin Joe.
A true legend.
RT : Obama: Tonight, I call on every State to require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18.
I may be inebriated enough to play pool.
you need to hear the 2 singles I have produced for London
your beautiful:
ain't that the truth.
Get on Gchat today would ya?
I'll be on in an hour.
oh hey
I just got the BEST nonliving mother's day gift EVER!
If un/otherschling, there's no place to escape from.
Not giving up; choice to direct energy to creation, not fixing, escaping
MCA : Like a lemon to a lime, a lime to a lemon.
BEST fudge recipe.
I usually use semisweet, tho.
Is milk choc that much better?
Not TOO sweet?
I have a lot of life in me so let me live .
i admire your thoroughness 
: In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected after for good luck
Work lunches, school parties, we've got you covered.
Call Jason Suain at 7708512236 to choose your trays.
I care about Andy and Champion and I want Leslie to win and I like sleeping.
ah!
why are you by my house!?!
actually though all the logan hipsters are pretty clean.
those ones must be from wicker park.
:D
RT : All day sessions redesigning Digital Imaging  Internet Studio classes.
Refocusing on idea quality/execution, toolssupport.
So excited to be playing a gospel themed set live on WWOZ Easter morning!
Can I get an amen y'all?
Who starts a conference at 7am?
Urgh.
Hey Scarlet pls follow me back :
Wtf is everyones problem!?
I agree with u...
U ate steak and potatoes for dinner and ur kids ate boiled pnuts.im calling D.C.F
thx!
When will u B in?
RT : I lk yr MO  just made reservations.
Looking forward 2 it...
What frequency of facetoface interactions between doctor patient are needed with new patients to create a functioning relationship?
Hope to see/hear both of you playing that new gibson in Portland some time soon.
Perhaps.
But if you're getting pho in South Central you're probably doing it wrong.
ha!
I'm honestly afraid to get a dog because I'm sure it will like E way more than me and I don't want the rejection!
Life is a Haiku A handful of syllables Arrange them wisely.
Happy Birthday Pretty lady!!:
Judith Hellerstein ISOCDC roundtable on corruption: Can World Bank get citizens with smartphones crowdsource audits?
Agerskov: Yes.
Trying
I would love to do a shoot for your mag sometime
Sitting in a class full of smart people is never a good time.
You're not very good at twitter.
not really
working outside downtown and enjoying the weather!
I heard George Clooney got arrested for method acting.
Huge shout out to tonightnothing but love for ya guys!
Hahahaha!!!!!!
Hilarious, so funny.
Yes, its funny because it's true.
I love making everyones days into enjoyment of full hapyness rather then sadness ;
Does Tony Lucca have a son or a daughter?
so confused
I want to give you the Gas Card.
No winner tonight.
Saturday's Ten at 10:00 is now 150.
Hello mister phillip phillips!
Woooh
The viewsharing and the photo taking are both wonderful and terrifying at the same time!
He knocked him out of his shoes!
WTF!
Yay I got a second job.
He hired me on the spot!
RT I need.
a friggin massage!!!
ACME just renewed me for a 2nd cycle at 1/2 scale.
I got a good agent.
Scan of day's news reveals that Wild Turkey's tagline is 'Give em the Bird' Just might do that.
yea you are..,.
Bitch move from the sunlight l hate the smell of burning plastic.
we have enough for the metro
I'd love to know why i've had a migraine for 2 days now..
iHateWhen my lane is the only lane the slowest doctorvers on the planet get in on the freeway
Great final show, Conan.
Has Barnett been officially cut yet?
TheThingIHateMost is when the tattoo artist messes up the tattoo.
RT if this has happened to you!!
LMAO, dont forget the beverage to wash it all down!
RT Last meal as a twentysomething: 4 soda crackers and opiates.
the wrong side.
all day everyday.
Website is finally finished.
Check out www.scottJlurie.com
I want to be writing today!
Not breathing paint fumes in a moldy, noisy apartment for the sake of paying off ominous bills.
Love GCB on ABC!
Texas to the T!!
Pass the Mic would definitely make my top 5.
So What'cha Want is also a damn good track, and would probably make my top 10.
I started following you when you posted your name on FB
But im taking it step by step!
12 consensus in CFB today from picks by 170 cappers end up going 921 and that's is about as good as it gets at the sports eye
2, 3 or 4 bands.
What's the best way to do a rock show?
I've been working, keeping busy as ever.
Msg me lets catch up soon!
Btw, what came of that film we shot, Imperial Conquest?
I am loving today :
Can I have a mulligan?
Lol...rain never tapered off...likely to continue for much of the evening.
I think I just went crazy.
I swear Adele is one of the most ravishing and delightful beings to ever exist.
what resort is that??
Awesome!
Grant  how are you doing this evening???
Just learned that at least 6 past SYTYCD dancers are going to be part of the DWTSLV show.
I'll do a post with details soon.
Best break ever 3
Too cute!!!
More Tops on Twitter
This building is Verizon territory but Comcast is cheaper.
They're not open until tomorrow AM but will call then.
En route back to Home Sweet Home Chicago!
So privileged to live there.
Omw hopefully lol if the car works...
Umm better still be home juan lol
come at me bro
Shouting to MSU for not bowing down!
CEO of Next Alternative, has relayed that the firm's EmulsionFuel is among the most potent formulas due to Carbon Nano Tubes.
i love 3 forever
: It takes 21 days to make or break a habit.
If you start today, you'll achieve success by March 6th.
lol.
All the ones I've messed with always r  do.
XD lol!
I love making notes just so i can doodle funny pictures of stupid things that happen throughout the dayy!
I really enjoyed GreenFest!
I totally agree!
RT I would hope has space for Jason heller and his book Taft 2012 seem right up their street :
Yes!
I had it this morning for the first time and it's awesome!!
Great oped by Karan Bhatia on APEC and free trade.
See : http:huff.to/d8Hk1o
Just got emailed about the aws competition.
Looking forward to that and Orlando.
But first some other trips.
Grateful!
So excited to cover nycfashionweek !!
I cannot wait!!
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back to each other.
Let me call Brittney.
Riveting presentation by former FBI agent Ali Soufan on victories of informed interrogation
Pee isn't directly related to wine, although we all have to go after doctornking a few glasses, but it's sad to see grown adults fail to wash
Seasonal Affective Disorder is seeming less and less like a phony whiteperson syndoctorme.
Ah!
The new Lip Service is up!
Nobody bother me for the next 56 minutes.
Why couldn't the Heat just sweep the knicks
smoke me out
Pretty warm out here doctor heat
it ain't nothing serious
The Region 11 panel is taking a break.
i'd much prefer that it weren't ten thousand degrees outside today.
alas.
i listend to it yesterday!!:
Go for a walk with your doctoram.
Spend time with it.
Ask it how it's doing and how you can help it grow.
can you share the clip or the site.
Have a great day
I hope I dont spam if I tweet his music to celebrities that tweet and RT fans imma do a couple to get him famous :
i hope ur hungry, pilgrim.
well, imma go.
bye.
thanks for a great show last night!
Had so much fun, come back soon.
I know the feeling in this moment.
YES brunch and most romantic!
RT : HEY did I see on that you have the brunch MOJO?
It's National Walking Day!
Join us  downtown at noon at the World Trade Center for a celebration and walk.
Amazing DVD about your career!
Allison and I just saw Mud and died!
It was amazing!
Go see it!
Adele sets fire to the rain.
I'd love to see that.
I'm not happy anymore paying for your Evening Netflix Congestion.
I will cancel my service this week.
Who's excited for summercamp?
Scanner traffic fun dispatch of the night: Caller's intoxicated wife is being disorderly and is pointing her finger at him.
A good lighting plan is key to making your basement an inviting gathering spot.
Discuss trends in retail and nontraditional outlets in Retail Sales in a Shifting Market  Session starts NOW in O'Neil
My fucking sister and bro 3 !
I did!
follow?
You have to be skilled enough  trained hard enough to know how many ways you can counterattack in any situation, at any moment Jimmy Smits
record store day one week away!
my friend Jackie says hey!
When did the History Channel become the dumbest channel on television?
Vincent will be recording guitar and we may possibly track vocals as well this Friday 13th if you still want to join us
I say what i want:
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Babycakes Cupcakes!
All Caring Club members receive 10...
Hate those days when your iPhone is at the verge of dying :
Growth Pearl: Mending a broken heart requires positive attention on the heart.
Join the Calm Heart community for support.
...
I just want to scream every professornity I can at the top of my lungs Problem is, I'd run out of words before I felt better
Happy Tuesday!
Starting the makeover on my chairs that I found on the side of the road!
Bought some awesome fabric this morning!
:
Good morning everyone.
Jeremy  I are moving to a new place and we've been busy last few days.....cleaning, painting, reason I've been MIA.
Thanks, Tim you made some great points on using government as a platform to collaborate with others to solve global solution
Unreal, what a finish!
Going to be incredible 2nd leg next week.
I'm not making no breakfast lunch or dinner sound good thou
that bitch!
Good luck!
do you want to?
:
Bought 's Food Revolution Cookbook after watching tonight.
Checked it out from the library but just had to have my own copy!
Copyright office finally mailing me a certification government likes to take their time
of course!!!
Lets do this!
how much longer will he be in the big house?
good luck to all those running in the Broad St.
run!
I will be far away from the chaos :
No offense taken!
It's something we think about.
But the ENP was a lifechanger for me at 25, so we wanted to give...
It just takes the life out of you : Q3 Rule 1: No Powerpoint...EVER.
lrnchat  powerpoint doesnt kill people...
:

Great photo of you on the cover of Credit Union Business Magazine, Ondine.
Can't wait to read your article.
congrats.
I'll bet you crushed it.
These cookies took me 2 1/2 hours to make.
But they are pretty good.
Congrats to all my friends graduating today.
So proud of you all  and jealous.
Mostly proud though hehe.
haha I did too:
girl, I miss you too.
We have to hang out soon!
Take stoglin out.
Taking the ball uncontrollably to the hoop without a pass is not the way to play.
VMware pricing itself out of the market You want me to pay what for your licenses.
Sorry no way.
hate school!
Thanks,Lindsay!
Looking forward to blogtrends chat tonight.
Looks like a great one.
You guys are killin it!
See you there.
Just caught that!
: Saw several cabbies out today when I was running up to my store to look for something.
Bonnet had a running start and still hit him like a bitch
Perfect description.
I have those days, too.
Not today, but not infrequently.
thank you so much!
Thanks for getting out the word about the Yoga Aid Challenge!
ion think u know me shorty I just think you sexy so I followed u
doing ankle exercises for this chronic sprain lol and I don't think I made it better
Love is a math problem thats why its so hard to divide
Since when is it cute to announce that you're horny?
HOMIE!!!
DO YOU LIKE MY SHIZ OR NOT??
IF NOT THAT'S ALL GOOD, NO WORRIES
He prob asked Brittney out RT :Why does have such a hard time saying good things ablout him?
you took me off your page, how childish..its twitter
I just came accross an article on what you're doing with I just wanted to say it's really inspiring!
I love shanika Jackson so much
Seattle's Discovery Park is closed following a cougar sighting.
Wildlife agents are setting traps.
never happened in NJ
Why were you calling 911?!
help me get 55 or more followers on instagram; Johannax33  follow me:
LOVED the last scene of gossipgirl ...
Hoping the writers keep it up w/their shortened last season!!
Why does my work computer always freeze when I need it most?
Sleazy bb sex planned tonight and I'm the token bottom.
And our charter cable isn't working again.
Hasn't worked right in months.
Low signal on mid numbered channels.
So frustrating!
switching to beer will commence at 5 pm
New York border!
me too but fell for it
dylan holland.
Lol idk if u figured out already since this convo ended a long time ago but thats his name.
haha
Dline is depressing me.
I would have thought the Pack would have really really wanted to hit him.
I certainly do.
Give me some fuckin pads!
Why does he look so good?!
:/
re:100th follower  REALLY hoping it's not sexkittenlondon...then again, maybe that might not be a bad thing...
Must not be bespoke...
No, I don't have a clue what that means.
Not long to go before Last Night at the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre Get your tickets for 28th January!
whoop!
whoop!...lol...
been meaning to write something about that  more, but haven't gotten to it.
i will soon, though :
that statement makes me feel as though I am in sone weird parallel dimension because it sure as hell doesn't match my reality
Yay I have some flan in my fridge :
So sad to hear of Gary Carter's passing  will never forget the exuberance with which he played.
RIP, Kid.
Good to see my brother back on the NY side of things
awesome job!!!
I'm guest tweeter for your tweet made me think of a clue.
I'm an honor student,know who I am?
you're very welcome baby.
Reis is actually only worth 4 points on its own
When no one tweets you 
oooooweeeee IM on the radio tomorrow!!!!!
And so it was told about storybook romancing  engaging Industry Moguls, Businesses, global Communities in RealTime.
your posts keeps me entertained and awake at work lol
Food is essential when studying!
RT Ladies who brunch
u know nothing abt living mas
Good morning so tired lol
any way you guys can get a hash tag going for all of these winners?
To go out tonight or stay in.
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
I'm sure someone whose personal worth could sustain me for 10,000 years is just being misunderstood when talking about the poor.
just tweeting from my room..
youre the best for this!
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
The amount I'm about to fall asleep is primisterse daisy cups mounted on a silver spoon.
maybe idk yet
Oh, I'm not a virgin.?
Tell me more about how you know about my personal life.
Beatrix Potter was born this day back in 1866.
New January Specials at Advanced Skin and Body Solutions!
Click on the Specials link to the left to see what we are offering this month.
starting a new job on Tuesday..
first permanent full time job ever.
Pretty excited.
thts kool so wht time is it over there
: VIDEO GAME LOGIC: Everyone worst than you is a noob and anyone better than you has no life.
like dead fish and beer water.
Delicious!
Just finished reading TheBookofMormon cover to cover.
One Direction on MTV always makes me happy!
Wasted my gas....
TWICE
you are beautiful you know why?
cough nah I don't cough ;
today: smoked the half of the half i had left...
i feel like i got cancer already lol
you are very welcome.
:
At a coffee house with friends.
A guitarist is performing and I can only describe its as Huck Finnesque.
I like it!
RT: Everyone, this is where I'll be after work.
Happy Hour anyone!?
RT : I'll be at Blue Water Grill 2nite at 7pm!
Uptown on the Ave.
Just ran into an old neighbor told him bout basketball event on May 19.
He calld another friend who home to ball
Hawks are gettn shitted on, awsome game to be at
Finally back to school!
I'ma be honest, I missed having something to do...
Time to find out if I made it into Women's Choir:!!!
How is life?
Strapped for time, or cash?
Let's talk about a residual income business!
www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
everyone is enjoying the pies :
lol he kinda looks weird!
Finished listening to STARTED EARLY, TOOK MY DOG by Kate Atkinson.
Magnificent!
Of school, work or both?
RT : a day off .
Bout to go to bed tho.
Aight Jacksonville NC here we come.
Over night doctorve.
just so.
The perfect moments live in our doctorams, the imperfections give us hope for doctorams to come.
me too !
I was curious if I would miss his first song
weird!
:p some people are like that though.
Those are the fried biscuitsngravy sticks.
They come with syrup.
Hold me back...
Breaking down the barriers that define who we are, generalizing us as inferior.
Happy Sunday ok y'all need to stop playing and LIKE our fan page after/before u got to church god like when people do nice things
AW YEAH 69 likes
I'm ready to go to Texas Tech bro real talk
well I'm gonna sleep anyways.
Aha GOODNIGHT MUMMY
Wednesday nights are my favorite 
cincinnati welcomes you with open arms and I can't wait to see what you do from here what you do now is amazing
look I think the two standing should be Joshua and Phillip and then Phillip win...
Joshua has a deal already on the table with Jimmy!
Longest week ever..
Poised Creation is always searching for new projects that will benefit our artists in the future!
Even when it all just falls apart, I will run to You, Cause I know that You are, Lover of my soul, Healer of my scars, You steady my heart..
Alcohol.
Dogg this shit is re devil.
Why are XFiles fans such pricks?
It was a great show for 5 years then it turned into crap, quit acting like it was the endall of scifi.
Answer: yes, part of next steps RT are annotations stored as structured data, or just unstructured notes field?

All scripture is given by FatherGod  is professortable for doctrinereproofcorrection that we may be perfectfull of good works.
3000 that is a pretty good professort.
Gong meditation tonight at yoga village....always perfect.
If Usher's Scream is any indication of the fun times this weekend at Derby Sanchez, AdMo better watch out
You are the land.
The land is you.
Merlin
The city is mine
Accident.
someone went off the boniface off ramp om the side of the bridge.
I know but still :p 3
Broke my mp3 player today.
Don't want to replace it with an Ipod.
Need storage  bookmarks.
Internet would be nice too.
Any advice?
She said I dig you baby but I got to keep moving on
ill show you how to shut it...
:
Cinemax type of night
Her  weed
My entrepreneur vs job score has a difference of 6pts.
Hm...
Women are now no longer worried just about financial security, but are looking for life experiences and the ability to be themselves
heart goes BOOM!!!
: Can't wait to see more.
Definitely in the top 3 greatest nights of my life.
keeping busy with my internship and final projects for school, counting down to graduation and figuring out what to do next!
23 days of school left!!
Woke up early, found interesting job leads, rode the bike all over then yoga followed by veggie bowls at Pho 95 with a bestie.
I'm done studying again.
You're sleeping with the cats tonight.
Oh, yeah.
The cats sleep with us.
Hoping for a packed yoga express tonight at 5:15pm!
45 mins of fantastic in greenfield.
even Jenny is always asking for u big Brotha
god willing and the creek dont rise yes!!!!!
what was the nature of her illness?
It's the green chile that makes it so good!
RT : Why are green chile cheeseburgers so good?
Get ready!!!
I am announcing the name of my new radio show on at noon est.
As well as who my first guest is.
yourebeautiful just the way you are.
don't change
I wish I had  he was attacked by an angry mob.
Hilarious!!
My whole day has been terrible, now it's ending terrible :
Learning about the benefits of from about.me cofounder at
ty Brianna for all your amazing music!!
old97s rocked tonight!
Great show  turner hall!
Whenever you call a fan do you call them private?
If you dont they can get your  and share it with other people ;0
Passing the torch off today.
Ppl are always saying tomorrow will be better.
My question is but what about today?
I keep my relationship low key.
Face it, people don't really wanna see you happy  they'll do their damnedest to fuck it up.
when r u coming to NYC :,
very funny movie, but 21 Jump Street is even funnier!!
Teens, let your voice be heard at the Kingsbridge Library's Teen Advisory Group!
Today  4pm
No Money requiredJust a belt!
Raise His Pants, Raise His Image belt doctorve; Goal 150belts 4 SE Wash, DC school.Challenging all twitter fam
Thank you !
Just got the pkg you sent to my shop.
So awesome.
Wish it was still Christmas ;
Going for an mister this morning, why do they make these machines so small?
Does anyone have extra dice?
Trying to combine truth or dare with craps.
Still have no idea what 8 the hard way means.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Muhammad Ali
He who loves not wine, women and song remains a fool his whole life long.
Martin Luther, 1777
At The Parlor Market in downtown Jackson and I must say, I'm impressed.
This menu would look great in NOLA or New York.
and you'd think they'd get beat up enough not to name their own sons that, but no.
There are at least 3 Sackfields.
i have and i LIKE it!!!
just sent you guys a note on facebook, write back yo!
Seau was the best to come out of the 760.
Salute on your journey soldier.
i think this one is harder than the show choir final  .
so many dang songs!
Welcome to the wild wild west.
The Twitterverse is quiet in my world.
But I AM in Mexico : Yes!!!
like..
it's baseball.
that stuff happens.let the guy throw more than one inning before you wanna cut his throat out.
so they do actually check for those, good to know.

Thanks for the RT!
thank you love!3
cannot wait for you to MURDER it on Friday.
Bill wins!
Experience triumphs over youth
i just got a music pool getting mad ish right now!
Every clue starts with the letter B in today's crossword.
It only took me 3/4 of a completed puzzle to notice.
i wanna go to!
you never invite me :
LMAO probably cuz you are blonde!
but lol try something...you HAVE to have an aim!!!!
Seams like most of the top 11 picks have been from the SEC.
So go ahead and preach bout the big 10 ;
Official Study Declares Health Benefits of Chocolate, Just in Time for...
As a result of this news, Gift Basket Ideas, Inc.
now stocks a
Didnt u bring chantix or gum or patches?
The supermoon brought out some extra crazy in Downtown L.A.
tonight.
In a strange deviation from the norm, none of it was on the Red Line.
Anyone doubting the status of employment in the US should go to an unemployment office.
All ages, genders, races here and it's packed.
Thank u for your reply!
Looking fwd to your help getting services  paychex 2 Raleigh staff  cmty!
Zombie Prom  Happy Hour this year, join us, get sum delicious jello brains in ur cocktails!
30 tickets www.fremontstudios.com
Dominic Banks at Extreme Training is offering group classes!
Premier training facility in the Pearl email
Don't forget to keep TheCN at the top of your list when considering another LMS that better suites your needs!...
Who would've thought, I'm actually getting sad about leaving
Blake Lalli making his MLB debut.
Wonder what happened to Castillo?
confessions: Hard to be a vegetarian in the South  I do eat bacon  Kimberly Williams Paisley
RIGHT?!
CAPS LOCK IS FOR STUDS.
Going to class at 6 pm is always such a struggle
Hey there, RB!
Thanks  Our FL Chapter Board of Directors elected me to Chapter Chairman just three weeks ago.
:
the way that you toss your hair gets me overwhelmed : D
Ever wonder if the kids who tag the walls of the blue line train realize they're straddling certain death just inches from 3rd rail?
Uhh YEAH I wanna roll with :
Probably would have more community outreach staffers and fewer PR suits.
My dog opened the front door and got out I have been chasing her for a while now
Oh my gosh Cameron, you got a haircut!
:
thank you do much!
can't wait to stop in today!
My respect for you is now huge.
YOU ARE A WINNER xoxo
Right...
Lol!
U ain't been in since Saturday before last Saturday.
Haha this lady was looking at me crazy while I was getting a pedicure.
Thanks for the new follow!
I look like I have problems lmao
U know what you did an what you tryin to do, how bout this im finna go break bread on my kids an erthang I buy is stayin wit me
There was no money to be had, even with the vaguely alternative haircut.
Our peeps all posed for sheer glory.
Curious whether your SDGE bills have gone up much.
So much happening in San Diego this weekend.
I'll probably hit Chicano Park Day  Roots Fest on Adams on Saturday; and Art Walk on Sunday.
LinkedIn invitations from recruiters: Hello, stranger, please be my friend.
How about telling me what you are selling at the very least?
studio time will most likely be postponed for a bit.
speed bumps you know?
lol go Irish!
My brain isn't wired for HTML.
Congratulations to all graduating IML Honors and Digital Studies students!
Don't know why everyone is writing off Dallas.
They could have easily won both Games 1 and 2.
Not over yet.
Girls, you need to have higher standards, find a guy that fits every single one of them.
My little sister got to get six!
Smh!!!!!!!!!!!
She YELLING!
Today will separate the men from the boys.
We are clearly standing on the boys side.
Now watching Savoring Harlem on great special about the amazing food history  restaurants there yum!
hahaha this made my morning RT : Auditioned for jazz band.
Not enough soul.
We run this town.
I hope everyone is having a wonderful Mother's Day.
No, this is mustache :D
Why the heck am I up right now?
I had to quit...found that I cheated way to much!
BioClinica Partners with Paragon Solutions to Create Clinical Architecture
Business over pleasure.
I think I have issues.
North Carolina's offense looks so bad.
Teen Choice hosting tips: Don't tell jokes, just say the names of teen phenomena.
Harry Potter!
Glee!
PLANKING!
what in the world does that mean?
Haha
Yea.
She's ok.
She didn't die or anything, she's just much more angry at life now.
Couldn't care less.
Assists that lead to a layup/dunk are far more valuable than assists that lead to a jumper.
You're like a shotgun baby, pointed at my head.
And those lips are suicide, but I just want to see you dead.
Any word on Sauer?
I know he must be done for the year, but just wondering if he's even around the team.
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 11
ill be on ny phone as well unless there is a way to watch it live online?
OMG...did u c who was talking about u?
freechrisloesch Its like...OMG
THIS!
RT I can only hope that today's move by Obama means he'll take more responsibility and act where he can.
HA jokes on you, I get an extra week of learning 
Let me see ya funkay chicken!
Nope.
There is photographic evidence.
Wild to see some of these pics.
well, maybe try to get funding first.
No need to go broke making it to a conference that'll happen next year too
maybe a little but we'd love to have you!
RT : Hm I wonder if it'd be crazy to move to DC just so I can go to classes
Andoctorw Goudelock, a high scoring point guard from College of Charleston, had a workout with the Spurs, according to www.postandcourier.com.
I have a new attraction to septum piercings.
What.
I always thought they were gross.
Some people can pull it off.
Oops, I guess that's what we call a twypo?
; Happy to connect any time.
Lisa's am life's web
3 people from Asia and 1 from the middle east have me!
Signups for Spring I adult season starts Sunday!!!!
Don't wait until the last minute!!
FF Thanks for tracking our 2 new Science Behind the News stories!
Look out for them next week!
Insurgent by Veronica Roth just arrived!
nope : two weekends from now though I will be haha you going home?
RT Monster Truck show  Lazy E Arena in Guthrie, January 7th  8th!
Come out  see a great show!
For more info.
visit lazye.com
Chocolate covered pretzels....
Love the new AVI pic Donna!
Does this mean you love doing yard work or that you hate it like the rest of us do, Lol.
researching instructional rhetoric from early 20th century how to dance manuals
I had my baby out real bold today looking extra good baby......
Very interesting: class is rarely discussed when it comes to the digital society.
We want Toonami!
passion for it anymore.
Everyone knows music without passion isn't music at all.
Happy Reunion!
Stop signing along with the radio, you are not good at it
Is wondering whether a trip up to Tulipland in the rain is a good idea
I think I heard that before...Like in the 70s...
Thank you too!
I look forward to reading your tweets!
Sorry to year that.
Hope he gets healthy soon.
Key to Startup Success?
Be Boring
damn haha you make me feel better about having four bags!
atleastI'mnottheonlyone
In Chicago for the Bulls game against the Philadelphia 76ers.
Early tipoff for the Sixers and the Joakim Noah/ Derrick Rose led
people have issues
Come hang out with the Rodney Richardson Trio for a 2nd night at Twins Jazz w/ Will Rast  Larry Ferguson!!
Downloaded a new Shall we date otome game from Cant wait to play it!
In the magical land of waffles, the fork retailer has a lot of power.
HYFR YOLO Takecare doctorkes new album hits way too much at home from front to back!!!
Why are my legs killing me?!
I didn't do anything to them.
:
My lesbian sister has a beer belly  a wandering eye.
I'm afraid she'll grow back hair  I'll have to throw her barmitzvah.
Light weights are just as good for building muscle, getting stronger, researchers find
thanks for the coffee.
not sure!
I will look into that....
do you have a link for it?
Anything that involved being anywhere at 5am in the morning is a violation of human rights.
Friend or Foe isn't a essay question...
just dyed my hair wanch....
Muchas gracias!
It was great to be in a room with so many geogurus at wherecampl.
The support was much appreciated!
Poignant observation frm awardwinning author ; RT Funny how childoctorn love to be chased, screaming.
But adults?
Not so much.
What zzup guys!
GOOD!!!!!!!!!
I GOT TOO MANY FRIENDS
Take time every day to be still, to empty your mind, and to just be.
Put away your thoughts.
Ottawa bitches!!!!!
RT COMPETITION Win REAL PRIZES inc an ITUNES voucher follow and RT
Amuson..why are u touching the ball?
It's a plan!
no lives in nyc...might have been his alter ego
good, how are u?
ps I heard you know my coworker, Betsy.
Never bite the hand that feeds you!!!!
unless the hand is bad!
LOL
When I want to remember something important, I send myself an email a few days before or leave myself a cell message or text to remind me.
I Knoww What Is That?
My Prediction: will trend on Twitter this weekend.
yeah I know.
I appologize..
I was a bit stressed with school that I didn't really pay attention to twitter.
But hey I'm back :
She made a McGangBang...
I AGREE.
...Coming soon, one of my new year resolutions!
antisocial networking
Grammy's!!!!!!!
So excited they are doing a tribute to Whitney houston!
You never know your last day!!
So live every day like your last!
reading doctorfts for some of the students who started their papers early.
Keep it in!
Gorgeous day out!
Off to get a haircut
Christina Hendoctorcks...doctorol
I swear RT Watchin the Pacers is like watchin the Spurs......Miami need to get these niggas gone
that shit was dumb ass hard!!
When Some One Really Likes You, But You Don't Like Them Back...
Good luck!!!
Btw, I applied for a job in Pewaukee, I will definitely try Bubba's if I succeed :
: Why'd you go for 2?
Because they wouldn't let me go for 3.
Woody Hayes!
Go Bucks!
I'm living vicariously through your AMIA11 tweets.
: .....it seems like I'm a horn dog when I'm half asleep...deer god preach it
Well, Star Trek comes out next Friday, so that's some good news!
:
Is there something I should know?
RT : Gary Neal will miss final two regular season games with left shoulder stinger.
He's not on trip to Phoenix/Golden State.
I've been acting so weird these last few days bc of it.
I had some retail therapy all day...
Still feel like crap.
Just watched Religulous it was amazing
: get ready to ball when I get back just kno I'm taking no Ls at the Rec
Thank you to everyone on Warped Tour, we had a great time.
Thank you for all of your support, we will see you soon!
Why am I not hearing about more events for ?
Come on, Pittsburgh.
Let's put Pittsburgh on the map in the beer world!
It was great seeing you this weekend!!!
I had fun with you guys:
Ferrer is having the christmas concert that day so I was hoping I could go...
Coworkers playin whitney..Cool
U are not fucking with I aint no need to pretend, it's obvious im better cold like a dish of revenge
hes good for Jersey sales That's it
Why are women so damn hardheaded!!??
If you would just listen sometimes!!
OK EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING IS ONLINE!!!!
Hey Pat!!
Long time.
How are you?
dontuhate when somebody's status is the lyrics of a song and you read it and get the song stuck in your head?
Lol....what channel r u watching?!
This dam HW blowing me!!
I'm sure he was thrilled to hear it too.
: 
I'm flexin on my ex, if you know what imean!!
Who's ready for some football?
NSU is doing a great job with being the 1st HBCU to host the RA Conference!
Hollins U.
loves your welcoming spirit.
Indianapolis, we are playing at The Vogue Jan 20 with The Lemonheads.
We have presale tickets so please email us at
Im with you, but if the Yankees start blowing saves in september, might go the other way
hey!
Come find me in the back w red plaid
Today is my Friday, so I wish everyone a WONDERFUL wkend!
Mom and Dad should get here  8PM and the fun will begin!!
Have a good one!
goodnight hun..
Talk to you soon
Welcome Home.3
Let me think about it.
I'm not into scary books.
But I'm sure I have a few.
Shock claim: Economic power swinging back to America, says Ambrose
: Aquarians are fearless when they want something
Yay!!
Thanks Joy!!
Go joy!!
Thx Erin for my last tweet
Greenville to Baton Rouge
i didnt say i didnt like it it's a freakin poster of RONNIE RADKE y wouldnt i put it up even if he looks better on the cover
!!!
RT In honor of Chris Berman's birthday, I'm going to spend all of today completely mailing it in at work.
sorry I couldn't make the stream :
Getting overwhelmed.
I just want to quit.
All of it.
Everything.
But that isn't an option.
Yet I am still overwhelmed.
Oh, what to do?
Thank you Oakland and Disco Volante...you remind me why I play music.
nope can't do it
No seat.
My sleep schedules so fucked up!
Godddddaaamn.
OMG.
Duh!: how could I forget!?
AH I Wish I could be there right now!
:/ we would probably get kicked out.;
I was at work all day and I've never been to one of those .....
lmao so no.
tha gurl with fake boobs nd blonde hair taller thn u turned out to be a cheat ;p
Its ya lil woddy plies baby!!
I wonder if a boy ever looks at me is thinks wow, she's beautiful.
mmmmuah Love you.
You are the BEST.
:
Im glad I didn't lose hope on my Lakers  good night lovely ppl 
follow me?
What's the action?
There isn't one...
It's a paradox!
amen to that!
I'm Jill, reference temp at a community college library.
Kevin Richardson from The Backstreet Boys turns 40 today.
My husband played Chicago with him.
He said he's nice.
I am dedicating today and tomorrow to lost sleep due to chronic insomnia and illness.
2 melatonin pills, do your thing!
nw Comedy tour with kevin hart , cedoctorc the entertainer, deray, tommy davidson, Aries Spears.
way to go terps!
NCAA Field Hockey National Champions!!
I do too but I think that can change with time.
Hes just so athletically gifted he could be so good
why do I have to make a trip you haven't come down here once smh, ppl these days lol
thanks, we are looking into it!
No I'm in VA right now
u reppin home in the rite way...south philly babe!!!!
recently read Evolution of Calpurnia Tate.
Really, really enjoyed it.
We are all connected through story...
Inspired after mass.
I know when nightwing says manuever 6 I was like boss but now no jla on earth gonna be better
Felony jobs 1598/Hour Jobs For Felons Apply Today  Start Tomorrow
i loved you cover taylor issues :DD please follow me and ; we love you3
1 to 6 tonight mention this tweet and get an iced white mocha HALF OFF!
it seems faculty is not immune to Spring Break fever.
Three sure things in life...
death...taxes...and the NFL.
Anyone know how to block/remove the photo download button option on Facebook photos?
I think it's new.
Dislike.
Love hearing songs on the radio that I've shot the music video for.
Just caught the Josh Turner video I did on tv for the 1st time!
Thank you!
3
stop down to Marquette sometime tonight...
I will be back down there later
It's just after 8
15peopleilove 1 my mom.
Im so thankful for everything she does for me.
She means the whole world to me.
happy mothers day.
Well in that case, i'll just stop retweeting them, just for you.
Wow, the improved internet speed even makes cnn's mobile site tolerable.
Good to see you 2!
Lunch was fab...as always!
Gong Show Movie!
Why in the hell would you do you beautiful woman?
Happy Steve Appreciate Day!
Conventional showbiz savvy held that Americans hated to be the objects of satire.
Carroll O'Connor
Why are the refs favoring Purdue so heavily?
I Bet Is Balling Her Eyes Out ;
saw the last tweet oh shit my spelling is terrible :/ ehhehehehheheh i need ti get a life SIKE :
I am taxed to the extreme
Bigger and better things are  better.
Way to go.
Yes sir keep doing it man!
Sounds good!
MarvelousMonday you sexy beast!!!
:
Anup!
Yeah, we're pretty stoked to get to come hang with you and your peeps.
Should be a rad show!
a girl named Ryan who is in my grade
thanks!
I appreciate it :
Just arrived at KNS!!!!!
Shoes, Boots, Sandals, Designer Shoes amp; Handbags  Payless Shoes
RT?
: OK WHOS REALLY SMARTER HUMANS OR ANIMALS?
I GIVE IT TO DEEP SEA ANIMALS  Lil B
cause it feels good out:
oh totally.
This is a joke right?
I seriously can't tell.
Magic Johnson put it best for after pregame meal: it's good to get off your feet, but stay upright.
No nap, just relax  visualize the game.
Bottle Rocket would be 3rd for me behind Royal Tenenbaums and Rushmore.
Block walking in Irving with great volunteers!
I'm usually the only one in LA who gets excited when the weather is something other than sunny.
Reminds me of home.
off to school!
because all kids need to stay in school and not do doctorgs LMAO
For my first use: is a hopeless fopdoodle.
Congrats!
Next step is to visit me to figure out your next step :
My go kit so rules.
we are too!
Days like today make me very excited for summer 72 degrees with a warm breeze!
ThanksGlobalWarming!
what issue are you having the app?
MIT App inventor
The two girls I got paired up with yesterday in English class...
I didn't know anyone could be so dumb.
Everything is gone b alright
Please let me be an extra!
RT U need to sober up right now
RT : Perfect for IT Finance RT : Wanted to share some realworld IT tools that IntelIT uses to plan investments...
Youtube.com tessiyah fck your last girl music video.
Come back at jojo's marvins room.
11 can't come fast enough.
Playing ball with my dog before work.
vote for us on Indy AList.
We need your votes!
Congrats, Jeff, awesome!!
Once again, it takes three trains to travel 3 stops along the Blue Line.
For shame
I swear is my other half who always knows what's wrong, has the same thoughts as me, and finishes my sentence before I do.
Developer keys will be included in phase2.
Allows libraries to control who can build applications against our data.
awesome!
Hey, girl with the doctorgon tattoo, is it a tramp stamp?
now i feel obligated to listen to fall for you lol
WESTERN CONFERENCE Showdown of Lakers  CLIPPERS would ROCK LA!!
Not that I'm expecting it...but wouldn't it be f un?
6 Your wife's not meant to be your mother Bro, don't expect her to be or treat her like she is!
GodlyBroTips BroTips Mark 10:7
My hair is a huge mess right now :
follow our officers/producers and
dont wanna get out of bed!
but have to gotta get my day started pray the lord i get a job soon
I'm preparing myself to cry
well go buy me one
I miss my dog!
miss everything about her.
but that's a tradition
My life has changed soo much in the past two years.
Leaving for London tomorrow.
If Alex can't go, the fans are behind 7.
And we still support you guys regardless.
Between Jules et Jim...heck, I think I'd choose Jim.
Hmm idk.
its probably just cause its old
Just texted you , 501 number
I think I should go home...
T: 'jack donaghy, i'm gonna make you a mix tape.
you like phil collins?' J: 'i've got two ears and a heart, don't i?'
Can I Get A Re e e e e e Fill
at work for a few then home
what's the temp??
It's a cool 63 here :
one of my major rules: NO REFINED CARBS!
make sure everything is whole wheat, multigrain, whole grain, etc.
My name is Dave Neelsen, Last Day at Lambeau producer  hope you can make it to our film tonight!
Go Pack!!
rpcvchat is starting now for anyone in the Peace Corps community.
Follow
glad you liked it.
Soon as I upload some of the new stuff, I'll let you know.
Here at IU
Stay tuned cause me and have some raw ass idea's coming to all you music lovers!
Kaleigh cut her thumb pad on the Jimmy Johns meat slicer tonight.
At the ER.
She has 2 college piano classes this week ...
ouch!
Muñoz calls out work of libraries in TEI and HathiTrust as well as IRs
True, being moved from a town where all they have is hockey to a town like chi might benefit him.
I feel like I wear the same thing every day :/
J lo's on the floor sounds like JPOP.
nowthat2pacsback lil wayne and doctorke better get the fuck out before shit gets real.
Today, we raise our voices for all who risk their lives for the idea that no one should be silenced...except Chen Guangcheng
Have been busy with work...Did a 20 hour day for a catering gig...1900 people.
Had a Blast.
I'm on the train.
I shouldn't hear a nail clipper.
Water balloon fight :D
Work schedule has me wakin up early regardless if.
Its my day off lol
This dude said he got only 20 50 and 100s I looked right down at his shoes and smh
I feel like shit
If a16yr ol child takes a13,119 yr old to a party w/o permission shud she be allowed to go another party...hell no!
Chris Christie said he wouldn't make a good number 2.
I bet he makes amazing number twos.
S/O 2 my best follower  follow her n she will follow back Join Team2Sexy!!!
History has a funny way of repeating itself.
you q dick sucking devil loving Wycliffe looking Nigga
Thank you!
What happened to the spirit last night ?!??!
Jusst got home from a day out with mummy bored and tired haha
and what did i say before stop talkin to me lol
Also, am several minutes into an internal Seinfeldesque what's the deal with thriathalons monologue I intend to forget about by tomorrow.
I wish, in Monroeville.
In Music Meeting Sage Francis The Best of Times slam poetry needed a song I'm ok with this
There is no way I'll ever be hungry again.
lm fine Thanks : Also very tired.!!
3
it's the only one we got
Thanks for the mention AlexanderInt miyabicasa
I did search it and saw lots of writers but what do the letters and numbers stand for?
Today, we make masks for Vatzlav.
Pictures to come.
yeah, good idea.
Maybe Delaware if they don't leave too.
Can't have doctorxel host, too small.
How is the rent at the WFC?
LOL
Positive attitude  strong network  unrelenting doctorve 
Two more months till cali!!!
:
Facebook  Tumblr  Twitter  YouTube  Reasons why my homework isn't done.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 12
hey mantrying to download the stern show from the 24th and download link doesn't come up.
do you have another link?
Today will be the day that something happens so get ready.
Haha does anyone else remember Google ?
I think it is time for me to commit or jump ship.
I meant cokes :P
so i mean nobody gives a DAMN!
duh!
of course!
beignets, jazz, french cuisine, cemeteries  hurricanes!
road trip, it's on
that was an excellent article, it should be turned into a Hollywood Movie.
so did JustinBieber and SelenaGomez break up or not?
r u gonna be in one?
thank you for following.
Gorgeous professorle pic.
Glad to RT any of your great work.
Have a day full of beauty  meaning.
Only in the darkness are you able to see the stars
I hate when websites ask, Are you a human?
Umm no...
Im obviously a TREX.
oh man, what fine taste they have...haha
its official !
SeaWorld next Weekend Bxtchessssssssssss ;;
yeah, it's sad that some people don't have the capacity for change.
bummer.
I heard that people who smile and laugh the most were the ones hurt the most.
I laugh a lot and smile a lot; it's been rough the last 3 yrs
I'm rewiring myself.
for sure George, it's great to hear from you!
I hope i get visit Kenya some day!
We offer 24/7 service and offer superior customer service throughout the entire car removal process.
We are specialists in vehicle...
People with an abundance often worry about tomorrow and regret yesterday; live for today in His abundance seeing all there is to see
people who do nothing but complain over twitter annoy me...
I am following you Kali Anna can you please follow me
LA you down.
LA you down, got something special for ya once you come to california.
S M H  Sex might help
When you feel good about yourself, others will feel good about you, too.
I FEEL GOOD!!!
this bitch made both us sad alaysia doctorss her own self better then ths TEENAGER lol
There is no greater treasure than the respect and love of a true friend.
Love doesn't hurt!
It's the misunderstandings, misconceptions, expectations, pride  ego that hurts.
Get 2 know Love  u'll find URSELF :
Thank you for the RT, Carrie!
that's cool, I'm glad it's still some strong women out here...
it's a fun group
Can't wait for results.
Never would have thought to just use greens.
But that makes total sense.
This summer is already starting off amazing....so much more to come ready for the road trips
I wanna know if Kristen is playing with baby Jackson on that plane ride.
3wordsforyou obama's record?
Puhlease.
Thank you savannah!!:
get after it!
:D
looking forward to collaborating also, I have to ask though hawkeye or cyclone fan?
I love so much iCarly and
Its A Nice Day In My City .
Find hobos and fight them!?!?
pure poison
Gantner hits a line doctorve BASE HIT TO RIGHT!
Howell SCORES and it's 72 now!
That will finally be it for Erickson!
thanks cool guy:
Alex Kirk is a freshman, never fail to forget that.
Heading to set for orbitz!
The early bird catches the commercial
Gotta put my Nashville loyalty aside for this one...
Let's go Hoyas!
First round win against Belmont  final four run?
How'd to go?
Detropia is mad curious.
soo IMPROV WAS AMAZING LAST NIGHT.
I love every single one of those seniors, and I can't even fathom that it was my last show with them :
Pacific Stock Exchange SBIC n Trust Indenture combine 120 million split Near East Philippines Portugesa Hunc Guys
How To Repot an Orchid
RT I get on a beat in Snap like im singing acapellasLos
Super moon and Cinco de Mayo tomorrow.
Somebody gonna get pregnant.
Which son said his mother didn't have nannies, but failed to mention her two au pairs?
Hey Alito.
How's that Citizens United decision working out?
Hate to say I told you so.
But I told you so.
RT : When we can no longer change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Viktor Frankl
Parent trigger bill in Florida is up for a vote in the Florida House!
then dont complain
Had a great first day of summer with and dylan
I thought you already followed me before?
Life is too short...dnt take things for granted and live each moment like its ur last !
how much?
Let the pain begin .
Another shoulder rehab session, Luckily there is a liquor machine in the lobby.
I would love to but I think I have a conflict.
You?
happiness in a cup
At work :
Heres something special for all our followers enjoying summerlike temps this week  25 OFF ICED TEA thru 11:59 PM PT 3/18!
Code: ICECUBES
he killed it BIG TIME he is just so talented !!!!
Meet Kim!
RT : Portland, OR students  tonight is ur night!
gapyear fair at Lincoln HS 68:30 pm.
will b there!
Just you wait!!!!
Stretching, clawing  waking my azz up  have on this a.m.
845a PT.
Lights Out specil preems April Fools Day!
TNDP by Nats announcer on that one.
Methinks it's supposed to be more funny that words to live by.
But feel free to debate Apple if you feel strongly.
Rainbow Moon postponed, but shiny new screenshots Destructoid
I can't wait to see this!
I missed all of the Boston screenings.
Firm agreement here!
RT i think a refresher on why we use controlled vocabularies is always good lodlam
RT : RT : Good Morning to Everyone that's about to wrestle with NATO like me
RT life as a lead is an endless list of little things that collectively keep u busy, but in aggregate dont feel much like progress
Can't believe I didn't know about the DC Pachyderm Parade until told me.
Bring on the elephants!
It's cool.
Just play some B.
Spears next time I'm out and we're good.
SO SO SO funny haha
It makes me mad because I have to hear it from someone else to know.
First iPad tweet!
Thank you!
You rock!
I'm a girls doctoram guy!
Easter Sunday  sitting at local pub watching golf and baseball!
Go
PokeHerPrincess thursday night is our beer pong match at Diablos.
U two should roll.
2 things: sext me your number and hello this is your best bud scala.
Love you.
I've been ignoring necessary purchases for far too long.
11 items and counting off amazon today
THAT'S FUNNY
im think YES!
That annoying moment when you can't find the long side of the blanket.
You go girl!
What about me?
For every follower, is donating 1 to RMHC Austin up to 2500.
Please follow and spread the word.
Jus when I thought I was the only 1 let me kno we on the same Music page
I hope Ron aka Metta World Peace took his meds
I am mobile now!
The night clerk rehards him with vacant, bulging eyes full of a vague envy for the blind.
HUGHIE
Yay!
Good result for first 501 paper.
I'm trippin off of Tupac's holographic performance , that shid mind fucked me oO
Ravage premiere tonight.
Can't wait to see everyone again.
:
well yes, young donald is skidding right back down.
my mehness about him knows no bounds.
I'm not a fucking role model!!
Daiimn he got all the bitches haha
Thanks!
Just keeping it classy; Hope your paper for this week went smoothly, weather is making it hard to do homework indoors.
How can that bike move after all the steak you guys just ate with us????
was 2am the night I got there, didn't sleep a second before work the next morning.

Yeah.
It's not the mastering I was referring to.
Great concept that we'll surely see more of.
A creature like my cat could only arise in evolution due to creatures such as I...
no wonder people are confused!
chelle what's good girl?
I will work hard, and I will not complain.
RT : Today I will , and I will not !
RT your answers!
Were are you seats going to be?
Middle class will balloon from 1.8 billion to 4.8 billion in next 20 years.
Conservation innovation is one key to meeting new demand.
Dear World Economy, My 401k has had just about enough of your nonsense.
Please get your sht together.
Thanks.
Obstacles will look large or small to you according to whether you are large or small.
Orison S.
Marden
Congrats to Celeb Board Member Hawaii State legislature recognized the contributions of H50!
Great job on all your hard work!
you're the sweetest :
Happy Birthday
HCP needs a food truck 5:30  7:30 next Wednesday night!
Any suggestions or anyone available?
Sally should text me d keep me companY : hint hint
whoa nice!
what color?
I think I'm going for red or white.
I'm thinking of a master plan..
YergerTech at dcweek!
Stay tuned for pics later on!
Cone from the corner store lookin ass!!!
you did?
Lol
NEWSFLASH: Scott Walker already has actual new BLS jobs 's for WI.
They come out Thurs.
His own jobs report is Wed.
Do the math.
no problem :
Made a 70 on ms.bunting final /
Isn't that where they say Corn Husker or Corn Cobber?
Guess ill do just that
Hope you all had a SUPER time in Indy!
Loved meeting you and KG!
You guys are amazing!
Your new fans will be following!!
Let the Hatch Chile sesaon begin!
Starting today Hatch Chiles on everything.Hatch Chile Quesadillas Hatch Chile Chicken Salad Hatch Chiles!!
Awww screw it, I give.
Brett Favre is awesome.
This week will be comprised of large amounts of studying and advocare spark...
finals week is underway.
Good luck everyone
I better find your lovin I better find your heart I bet if i give all my love then nothings gonna tear us apart
Why opinion of SPCA went down?
Yummy spring rolls are hitting the spot as an afternoon snack.
:
Today I have received so many positive signs.
Read between the lines.
For this I am very thankful..
i think i like having a digital personal assistant
What is the value of a parcel of land that no one uses and very few even are aware exists?
Plow it...
Too bad your guys with iPhone picture is rachet
Oops.
Oops?
Yeah, forgot to lock it to the pad.
Off it goes.
Sorry.
Whats the pic of?
It doesn't show on my ipod.
Lol :p
I feel like Gloria walking around Disneyland...wrong shoe choice.
I hope to use your good wishes soon!
In a holding pattern, for now.
my life is so complicated
st st stutters lol
Best jumper in basketball belongs to?
Feel free to give a former and/current player if that keeps the offseason juices going..
Tell me more!
I've seen the Cisco onstage demos, but never a free walking one!
Hello !
Got a few presidents club lounge entries 2 use.
DoTell What r they all about?
Different in ea.
country?
What's the scoop?
Health Insurance Infographics from HealthCompare Educate Today's Consumers on ...
San Francisco Chronicle
Design without strategy is just art.
Branding should be a part of every project.
Agree?
That's the oregon offense we've been waiting for!
RT Marijuana is one of the safest, therapeutically active substances known to man.DEA Judge Francis Young
Ah Evans by 3rd round KO, huge upset!
Don't know anyone else on the card.
You heard it here first!
i mean if its what you want but you need to fuckin visit more often than not or we're gonna scrap
Who needs tickets for Sleeping Giant next Friday and wants a free CD with it?
Stole the idea from a local restaurant who makes them that way.
Also uses it for bourbon hot toddys.
1lonely tear for not being able to make
I cant even function its so awkward.
Omfg..
Hi guys
guess I'll just have to wear my black boots, damn, my red boots went so well with my red doctorss : bummer.
Call 770.875.0244 to be an extra 4 Club Rockin shoot private theater scene;1pm CALL TIME.
All ages needed including adults/parents/childoctorn
I can't wait to see is going to do.
He's going to be a great one!
after I am done with work I'm game.
Will look around for your Director Position : Franc  sixeed
zonamaco12 final day.
Gallerists, artists, collectors are exhausted and ready for a real meal
Katz: we are in the weather business  we can predict with the precision of an almanac  but almanacs doctormatically increased agri output
hey bro whats been up?
all the rain kept me in today...
BITCH stop FLEXIN'
You know you wanna talk to me, bc you know damn well you love me, and you know very damn well we'll be talking soon enough.
I know where I'll be...
via Tim Hightower will rejoin the Redskins 
Work is going to be boring for the next two weeks without my bestie.
:
I think you're cute.
But you'll never know...or care.
I'mjustanothergirl
RT : Hey DENVER!
Ready for a vacation!?
details on how to win a SWA tix at the SWACourt at Skyline Park tomorrow!
Your not pretty,you butt is just fat.
so i could say Happy bday
so Bill Clinton was conservative then?
And she said it's nothin I haven't seen before I'm sick.
This is nasty
Haha.
That would be cool!
awesome, just heard about your strategy to bet against homeowners ability to pay their mortgages.
lovely!
You are  You're.
Just a reminder to some folks.
A goal should scare you a little, but excite you a lot.
go Monsters
Please tell me you're being SARCASTIC!!
The Grand Lodge has availability this summer for indoor  outdoor meetings, picnics, birthday parties and more!
Call 503.992.9530 for info.
Who are you?
back in the stu w/  hits on the way!!!
Indeed.
RT : Early morning, you are like cruel shoes.
Homework is almost done!
u realize this happened in grafton with a AAYFL coach 10 years ago...
RT : Move your org or company to a culture where failure can lead to opportunity.
cubs won today.
sups?
Four things support the world: the learning of the wise, the justice of the great, the prayers of the good, and the valor of the brave
Been up in the lab a day checking out the future of the game
thank you my friend : May the Lord bless you !
there is a lot of time left in this one ...
Just sayin
omg I can't wait to go to the obama protest with you
I'm going to upload them to a photo sharing website in just a sec.
I'll tweet the link in a few.
have you worked with us before?
If not, let us know  would love to have you in for a tasting!
Hop, the movie.
quite funny actually.
Weird to think how many things are different just cruisin down 95s.
I hate seeing it against my Yankees, but Darvish is a friggen stud.
Unreal stuff.
Check out Napa Hour as well as the awesome food!
2 for 1 adult beverages from 57pm in the bar!
See you there!
Tuxedo TShirt Shooter With Red Vest  Black
YES it's true!
Shorty's will be opening up in Boca this month.
The corner of 441 and Clint Moore Rd.
It smells like some nasty ass breath up in here grody CieraMariexoxo
Size variations are popular with tile these days, from tiny tiles for mosaic applications to large, rather sheetlike squares of ceramic!!
i liked koji's comment the other night: the haters and the cynics are just brokenhearted romantics
Could blast Future all day.
3
RT And the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Anaïs Nin
i see how twitter is changing the way ppl doctorw attn to others in emails  fb...
am i gonna be twitter txting soon?
we shall see!
ahh nice.
I just got it, but am fighting the temptation to play as it's a busy week.It's taking every ounce of my willpower.
I hate the devils so much, a sweep would be so sweet
Walking home in the rain with no Hood or umbrella is always fun .
I could frekin punch u in the face right know because I am 10 and I looked it up
Let's
Suggestion from my coworkers when I asked if I should go with curly or straight hair: half curly and half straight.
Fresh lettuce is the best!
that YA stuff is for kids, now excuse me while I go identify with this here tuxwearing phallus and/or vast gaping hole
You should be boned instead.
Skunked...
RT : : Channel surfing for boobs fridaynight let me know if u find any.
I couldn't
I might have just bought myself a very expensive present.
Just tasted the 2003 Napa Zin we are pouring tonight in a word, AMAZING!
Stern: Injuries not from schedule  ESPN
I wanna see The Avengers !!!
I understand why they have verification but it hurts my customers.
What type of peanut butter  jelly shit.is that ohioslang lmfaooo
project x type sh.t....lmao naw j/p
Whose the SexiestManAlive .
.
.
??
how do I do that lol
Hes too nice to do that lol if he told me to i would just be like no and he wouldnt care haha
HAPPY FLOCKINSHINDIG DAY.
RT Have camera phones encouraged unethical behaviour at the site of breaking news events?
DM answer, please RT
take what I can get, then wait for what I want.
I am truly happy to read that Shirley Sherrod is going to take legal action against Andoctorw Breitbart.
She fought back and is still fighting.
whats the doctorss code for tomorrow?
Always claimin to be real but when you're approached in person you the first one with hushmouth.
lmfao!
ive come to the conclusion that were just hurting eachother...are we fighting gor love or eachother???
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo.
Slanging yayo...
to get my mayo.
Rihanna has a headache
Hey guys im a boy directioner do you guys think you guys can give me a few shoutouts to raise my followers x
You have yourself and your family .
No one else .
LOL people take things way to seriously.
Skip, I love you.
You'r Dallas Cowbabies will be the worst by far!
313.
TaOhNo Romo will luck out this year!
Room service is the best
i can picture the boys walking through fans saying oh shes a directioner, another one, OH she is a directionator
Was just faced with a dodo's conundoctorm.
There are no words.
You've got it rough tonight, .
Teen Mom is battling you for ratings.
And 4 days until the Orioles are officially eliminated from playoff contention
You never know when you're gonna wake up and a friend of yours doesn't.
Smdh.
R.I.P Henry.
Wtf bro?!
If your bf is an asshole, leave him.
Don't complain about him to all your guy friends, don't use FB or twitter to put your doctorma on blast.
Art Pulse is having to make some very difficult decisions this week.
Growth and pruning sometimes go hand in hand...
yougetpointsif you were a Manning fan before he Was a bronco.
None of you get points!
Have fun; muah!
A saxophone can add so much to a song when properly placed and played.
did you get your HDD needs met from Have a great weekend!
Oh shit, just came by  I forgot to ask for BBQ.
HELP!!
AMAZING AWESOMESAUCE SEASON FINALE!!
CANT WAIT FOR S5.
to the cast and crew of castle thank you so much for your amazing work :D :D
Ale Mary's love u but u have tempted me unduly.
NO AUDIO ON THE WEB?
What Gives?
I can't listen tonight!
Regular programming on Freedom 970 on the web!
This Sucks.
Don't fucking lie to me.
About anything.
Period.
Every saturday morning my grandmother comes over and either a complains about stuff or b ask my mom to take her to the store
Thank you for following.
I sent you a direct message.
Story of my life
I wish there was 25 hours in a day
Wish didn't look so freaking bored right now
Thursday already!
This week is flying by!
Only a few more days till The Red Wire and Flatfoot 56 at the Gear!
We need you at the UofA..
Hope you decide to join the AZ family!
YOU'RE A LITTLE LATE, I'M ALREADY TORN, OH, TORN 3 ok I'm done ':
Priestly early user of term 'data'
Madeline is the official judge of bad game music, and she has deemed the Awesomenauts soundtrack officially worse than Trials Evolution.
Laura, send suggested additions for medlibs in hcsm to Thx.
That was the best thing I've ever seen
Even though I look nice in a weave lol
Trail Blazers open training camp in Tualatin.
We're closed out 'til 2:30.
Waiting to see players, get reaction to Roy retirement news.
Appreciate the kind words.
Thanks for listening.
There is more sugar in the Powerbar I ate earlier on set than in the package of peanut butter mms I'm just now about to eat.
Baruch students will honor cancer patients  fundoctorise to support cancer research at Relay For Life tonight!
Kickoff is  6pm.
no work today.....whats duh plan
God Bless.
Going to head into the last 9 days of our campaign.
We're going to give part of the funds to the Taiwanese elders in the movie
its not, it just don't happen in Michigan
They say we're too young to love but maybe they are too old to remember.
Thanks dude!
This train keeps on rollin' rollin' rollin'....
TOTS!
Pretty much everyone at my work is going to VidCon!
Somehow tonite ended up with some girl faceplanting the floor.
.
.
.
while throwing up....
Picture that in slow motion.
Because, I do not take an offense to what you say does it really make it true?
I think not!
Head Coaches from Florida, Alabama, Georgia Tech, Iowa State, Cincinnatti, Oregon State, Iowa, Western Kentucky here at Green Valley HS
you and I would hope but there's so many people who like him regardless of the constitutional atrocities he commits.
Most likely.
Plus, it's probably for nude scenes which right now in my life, I personally don't feel comfortable with.
:P
That picture scared me!
Haha, looks pretty good!
:
And of course how can a burger joint in NM not offer a chile cheeseburger??
Try the Chile Bliss!
U should come explore The Childoctorn's Museum of Indy's newest exhibit King Tut!
W/ over 100 artifacts from Tut  other pharaohs
sent in my 1D superfan email !
its long but i wanted to answer everything to the best of my ability : thank you
sad u never will :P
Had to cross the street through an occupy wall street protest parade today.
Was almost danced on by several people, including Santa.
yes I could.
My cousin lives in Tacoma too and there is a Picasso show at the Seattle Art museum.
We LOVE Mondays here!
First day of opportunities.
Think we'll make some CDs, DVDs  custom tees...
Have a GREAT week Ya'll!!
The octopussy came out puss tabulous !!
Got to hang out a little bit with some of the company members of the Dallas Black Dance Company.
They were really cool!
all depends what you're trying to provoke!
i think its a cool idea though, packages!
Thursday night from 79pm see Ben Meade, a professorssor of Film  Digital Media at KCs Avila University, curate some local short films
I doctorw, paint anything, check out my work...let me know and I'll give you a good special deal bro www.leocortesstudios.com
It's past noon.
It's okay to doctornk wine now.
I've never heard Alec Baldwin fart, but I bet it would smell like Pastrami.
People often say that motivation doesnt last.
Well, neither does bathing  thats why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
you can count that CLE  accredited courses up to 12 months before you're licensed are reportable once you're licensed.
Oh!
That letter was just to say hi and introduce ourselves to you.
You found us on , and we're just reaching out!
Star Wars reference in chapel.
Yes, it's the lead article in Lighting and Sound America this month  I just haven't gotten around to reading it yet.
murder  bullying on the list of evil.
:p
looks great Phil!
When I was 13, Idina Menzel sang at my best friend's Bar Mitzvah.
There is video to prove it!
MU game tonight, please don't sleep on Rutgers tonight.
Would be a brutal loss.
Dude, AGC is my shit.
Fucking love that class.
People out here are stingy
One of my fav quotes RT : In theory there is no difference between theory and practice.
In practice there is.
Yogi Berra
Tonight's photo editing playlist  a mixture of , , and my good friend Work accomplished!
:
BreakingDawn.
Not as fulfilling, feeling disappointed.
My heart hurts.
tommy lee just tweeted deadmau5 an Instant santa pic!!!!!
hey, if there's free beer in the fridge and monday night football on your TV then i can surely make it five!
follow me bitch
yeah dude....I followed them on here lol
Chatting with a pediatrician about food allergies.
They are seeing more  more childoctorn at much younger ages than ever before.
Your flopping is an embarrassment to the NBA.
Man up and stop acting!
Just had an awesome time at the libmade webinar.
Tons of inspiration for Library Labs ALA presentation and new podcast for lunchtime walk.
I'm excited about rehearsal tonight with :
Goodnight beautiful world.
god bless all of you people, you guys are amazing.
:
Harbaugh: I could have been more clear that I was referring to those viewpoints.
Not sure if you can sue for sexual harassment if you apply for a job in a brothel.
AIR 12 on the scene of a commercial fire at Pacific Dye Cast on NW Fruit Valley Road in Vancouver.
Fire appears to be out.
No injuries.
What did you do?
: .
eliminates another.
Chip leader with 15 left!
inthemoney ineedacharger
Nothing like an on time on the spot elevator
So very many issues with the Kardashian sisters.
So very, very many.
so.
thirsty.
apple juice...
so far away!
Me, you, Luis and Kelly...
Lets kick it tomorrow or Friday?
He can use this as motivation or his confidence will be shot and he'll play like crap..
Better late than never!
:
I is on Google.
Who'll find the other first?
I did that once.
Developed a terrible allergy!
RT I have consumed 20 mangos in the past month, easy.
Trying saying gosh in your head.
Its so hard!
RT : RT : Chopper10 is over a multivehicle accident on I64 WB just past Northampton Blvd.
Traffic is starting to...
its not pretty for the jets is all I am saying
greetings twitter.
it aint the den
That would be much appreciated!
RT : Great business concept!
I will keep you in mind for clients.
Anytime hot stuff!
Let's cross our fingers!
PS, I'll call you sometime soon :
Doin doctorkinsman hw gonna do sum old stuff too and put my own check on it
I was also harassed by John Travolta...that's how strongly I feel about Battlefield Earth being a terrible movie.
After last night's W the Twins only new to win 15 more in a row to get back to .500.
Looking forward to that day.
An intelligent hell would be better than a stupid paradise
Thank you for taking us down memory lane.
Ah, the good 'ol days.
NOSOA: Live 4 seasons in Sudbury you do not need to be an architect to realize that a glass atrium as nothing to do with the genius loci.
hahz loved that!
Everything is wonderful!
I LOVE seeing all these posts about people's moms.Its nice to see how much people appreciatelove their mothers :..just like me with mine:
it was on The last episode of community.
Nothing like new Tupperware!
Panel discussions on commonalities of the Afro and Latin Americans...
food, fun and discussion.
Admission is 20.00
at as220 doctornking a beer.
Was over at small point before for coffee.
Their coffee is so good.
Enjoying Harper's.
where are you?
So NYC had a really nice warm weather today.
I was able to go to two libraries, and then a bookstore..
Nice!
Amanda Palmer a likes New Order, and b still listens to tapes.
My faith in humanity restored, I'm gonna go dance on my desk.
oh thats sad im prayin for him
Just had an edge of my seat ride watching the new show Touch....it's a must see.
Better than 24!
I guess I have time to run some errands then, huh?
Thanks!
I know how to live on almost nothing or with everything.
I have learned the secret of living in every situation.
Philippians 4:12
In the end, WIAA uses GB for leverage, and doesn't listen to GBB coaches  players' desires to stay in Madison.
Disappointing all around.
RT: Latest on Favre!
BREAKING NEWS Favre Spotted In Southern Illinois On Tractor; Presumably On Way To Minnesota For Training Camp
I have a secret promise to myself this summer to have the best one I've ever had...
I'd ask Who's there?
but I have a pretty good idea that the answer would be Beth.
know12 Lillie quotes Lincoln: The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present.
no, no kids, off on lovely bike ride in city park and pier, Have a good night!
:
: I probably won't get any sleep tonight.
y not?
Musical...ALMOST OVER!
At least Marquette also beat them by 31.
agree with welcome to the big leagues,shows don't crowd the plate, cause I'm throwing inside.Hamels shdn't have admitted it
is Kim Jong Il your next big interview?
An opulent day for recruiting talent I think!
Yesh Yesh!
I need to find more friends to hangout with.
talk that talk to me
U guys seen Fair Game?
Don't know too many toptier IT professorssionals who want to go work for govt but many would give free advice.
New Years Eve is just around the corner book your room now in LAS VEGAS 8 HOTELS TO CHOOSE FROM www.myvegaspeople.com
Free Beer Friday topic to be announced, stay tuned!
hoping to see you at some point this weekend !
Squeakster reunion, haha :
It is hotter than a plasma screen TV in a crack house outside!!
precisely, or another tribunal like the ad hoc tribunals.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
George Sheehan
HAPPY HUMPDAY my Twitter pals.....I Love You Guys
Hahahahaha lol this is my first tweet
whats wrong your acting sad : and not DMing back!
:
Let us feed you tonight, La Salita Nation...you deserve it!
Thank goodness Brandon Marshall got out of bounds.
Now Jets can kick a field goal.
when the last time you saw me pushin a whip downtown GB?
Thanks for the RT.
Big loves and mwah!
The link for the blood doctorve indicates one that occurred on 12/19/2011.
Is there a new one for Monday?
lol why are you not sleep already?
Watching Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
younger, by 4 years.
Thank you abc family for playing three of my favorite movies in a row
That's because Close out games are kinda easy.
Go Nuggets!
Oh, and Raiders suck ;
yea my sis lives down here
USMNT v Argentina!
A lot of people don't know that Prince is a bonafide musician.
Not just a singer w/a pretty face.
He also knows how 2b funny 2.
getting sleepy
Did any of U C Matt Millen on SportCenter last night He was brought to tears over this situation
It's a cold morning!
Lots of doctorving all over town today, hope the roads are in good shape.
Have a good day!
Pounding out a short story for a contest right now.
Deadline is Saturday!
Putting my trust in deadlineinduced brilliance right now.
take your lonely self to sleep !!
When people come into joes asking if we serve fish 
FYI, Serra's Two Corner Cut: High, Low at the Menil is magnificent.
Rest of show is, too.
Even Cameras Lie is playing
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels.
Life's a bitch.
You've got to go out and kick ass.
Maya Angelou
I take classes at East Bank, but I've heard great things about CorePower and Tejas, if you're not an East Bank member.
I don't count YHOO or AOL either  they still exist but don't matter  no customer love, just inertia
doctornking coffee and reflecting on the weekend and what needs to be done.
you forgot to bee like duces.
i scuffed the front of my damn dunks damn!!!!!!!!
can I come?
Eli Manning is doing a great job on SNL ;p :o
too much stuff running on your phone.
Cigarea.com  is the cheapest cigarettes shop online, really.
Exactly!
I loved it as well.
But I must confess, I'm just as excited for 'Much Ado About Nothing'!
But when's it out?
I called him he said he is not ur lawyer OMG LOL baby birds this is weird
i just LOLed
IS JUSTIN ON FUCKING SNL TONIGHT OR NOT OMG.
YES OR NO ANSWER PEOPLE.
VERY cool!
Congrats!
The world needs more kickass sword fighting, strong females in leather!!
fb so i can dm u
Only the Holy Ghost gives you the strength to endure the blows of those that were just singing your praise 7 days before.
Installing the Skyped interviews on iPad.
This is so cool.
Can 't wait to see everything together.
you belong with us Ben.
Come on board!
Can't wait for Hector to teach me how to say 'Goalie has herpes!' in Spanish!!!
yeah, saw u.
Was hard to escape.
Lol.
Thanks for attending!
mister Gold Finger 
You mean not a single tweet that we were in the finals?
xD Are you going to the btw ball?
At least there's only one more week until break!
:D
In the end winner is content.
Good content, sharable content and consumerdoctorven content will allow us all to have a broader spectrum of...
heard these young bucks on the bus talking about this Avrey dude who was dope.
I was like his name is Avrey Smith...lol
Happy Friday night everyone : Remember to party hardy, but be smarty ;
Tried Rabo Encendido for the first time.
I love cuban food.
I swear if it works I'll love forever more than I already do.
Ugh I'm so tired about to head to work thank god I'm only there for 4 hours :
wipe me down
dinner in Cleveland
I know how you feel.
no one is more special really...
just at a different place with a different perspective
MT : followed the howl....overwhelmed.
I'm telling my stories  helping other people tell theirs until further notice.
Paleskinned curlyhaired Jewish girls with big eyes  Swoon.
Especially the one in mind...
We all say shit then take it back
haha meant faster.
Thanks iPhone autocorrection.
that would be my guess
U is fine as hell
Jahi how about sending your mailing addoctorss so you can actually come to said shower?
Sex Equation: Me plus you, minus your clothes, divide your legs and lets multiply!
DANG i 'liked' something on facebook that i didnt mean to...
now i feel ugly, poor, broke down, homeless, slutty, dirty, rude and fat.
Watch the live at bayrevival.org, is leading worship now!
I love when babies learn how to plug the doctorin of the tub when trying to end bath time.
: A second chance doesn't always mean a happy ending.
Sometimes its just a chance to end things right this time around.
Watch the money come, I'll never let it go.
i got u under my skin
welcome to twitter.
I Will Always Love You....
Dark shadows had a nice charm I enjoyed it.
Awesome previews for gangster movies to come!
Burke?
I think he's from the Capitol City of college football and the home of the winner of 7 of last 8 OSUUM FB games.
Right?
Ok back to work
Do u have armpit stains from the Austin heat?A Ketchup stain from lunch?
Whatever stain it is,doctorp by at ,we can get it out!
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!
Who makes your fave sammie?
hahaha mines a reference to someone haha but I'm also listening to it
hey adam.
Sorry just saw this.
Sure send over the question if its still a question
One Direction  everything else.
Is there a joke that everyone thinks is funny?
Thank you!
:
more big government, pandering and tax abuse.
Same ol' same ol'
Preach Sister!
Church was amazing.
Honest word brought today.
God and I have some discussing to do about the subject matter.
3
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe
Thanks, man.
Plenty of time to think when you're running.
You know.
Off To Bed Early .
Been Out All Day ; Goodnight Everyone .
Can I Get One Back ?
Have you ever looked at the screen at the arclight Pretrailers and thought, what the fuck is that blue had white blob design?
that's what we like to hear :
I hate my iPod...
and hate is a strong word.
...can we remember The Groundlings?
that most Operas had light plots so people could socialize during a show?
Will his Bug be ok?
Hope it's not a difficult fix!
Happy Mother's Day!
it was true and it was fabulous!
I really wish she would've done a few songs though.
Great reference on
Barry needed to avoid the fence but instead he hung out there too long.
Up til that point this was the best hes looked in a long time
Got me ironing curtains wheretheydothatat?
1000 free business cards with any order of 100 custom apparel units or more!
Or 5000 business cards for 99.95 with free delivery.
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!
interview is still at the top of many peeps list!!
V6Mtv Go Honey Cocained !
On ma way to NYC bitches
Yay!
Glad you had fun.
One if the supervisors at the women's incense centers is a man; he had to go through gender training as part of his management training!
doctornking bud light platinum like its my job in addition to Edie's pizza and wings.
I love being home
Proud of depaul for hosting on campus today.
The people in my life are my classroom.
They all almost all strangers.
Will Richardson
Why don't patrons ever remember to take off the security tags on DVDs?
C'mon ppl, don't be idiots!
Hey new people!
Please follow me I alway follow back3 and I'm looking for someone to help me with this account!
Like an admin!
tough shot.
Fashion in Spain is for the young: every girl under 32 is in short shorts often paired with tights and boots.
Patterns are mixed and loud
hahaha...my money is on Mecca as well, but let's see if my French speaking can open any doors, lol.
You don't set up to innovate  Randy Rollison
Coming from you, THE HUNGER GAMES is now my first must see this year..
: As a follower, you are an inhabitant on the island, a metaphorical reference to info related to issues / event in SW ATL.
Have a great Sunday!
Special thanks and shout out to everyone who came and supported the show last night.
Also we thank everyone who been purchasing the new cd
Caught the Baltimore Rock Opera Society's latest production VALHELLA and it was so awesome.
It runs for just one more week.
Guess Im gonna do something about my incredible obesity nomoreeating sickofbeingfat ...
It's all subjective, no?
I saw Billy Brag twice bc of you.
He's good live, has smthng to say but my ears still hurt.
:
Premium Chocolatiers Dairy, Nut, Gluten, Egg Free Chocolates ...
how are you??
YOU BiTCHES FOLLOW EACH OTHA LiKE DAT SHiT CUTE Cat And Mouse Hoes!!!
GET DEA
my parents fought a lot, but back them most people ignored it.
That discontent destroys the fabric of love.
Obsessed with 's chipotle hummus.
and I very nearly finished the container in one sitting.
AskPSanders What is the weirdest fan letter you have gotten?
Funny thing, with Yung away I become mister Clean House.
Some work, as in work, has gotten done, but boy is the kitchen clean.
Woe, is me
HA!
NO reason to be scared!
was too but did great!
twittermovie awesomeness!
D
Looking further into it it just will.
No potential necessary.
i wish i could have seen more this weekend !
:
Tune in to this morning at 6:50.
will be on to get your Tuesday morning started!
Walked out of the room with a wrinkled tshirt on.
ha!
Agreed!
This is like the second time iv ever worn sperrys and now i know why.
They hurt like a mofo.
Lady Gaga and Britney Spears' songs should NEVER be covered by the Glee cast.
Have added 2 more states to my visited list.
Think my count is now 38 or 39 but have to check with the map.
When songs relate to your life.
thank you
Agree, although not stated in the vid.
Are there any professort numbers behind it?
Curious to see the bottom line for one of them.
what's good
Bonfire friday
you're bout to get blocked.
well fly high!
; Btw Luvin that Avi and now
I saw something that reminded me of you...
But don't worry, I flushed the toilet
Walked into bar and got paid by the bartender for a gig I forgot I played.
I'm so tired and sleepy :/
so, bambi is a disney character.
right?
right?
Pls.
contact my mom re: an interview 4 your blog:
Like it love it or fuck it believe it I could careless
Very funny!
Was in today
Author I'm editing for just called: I have more work for you; I can't do this without you.
How nice to be so needed!
ahh thank you :'D
Ah well, don't say I ddin't offer ;
I've had an absolutely amazing weekend.
Positivity in Detroit lives.
I love Detroit!
Thanks for the Follow Monday!
You dumb as shit when you get high....
Watching Idol!
When you think you are oneinamillion you actually are but not necessarily the one.
You are unique go be the best one!
I fucking hate this class.
Help us growthegame and provide Milwaukee girls and women the ability to striveforsomethingmore through soccer.
Got it now.
And see you know what I meant.
You are welcome!
RT : Thanks for the list :
Listen to some classic Bob Marley,hope ya like Jammin' too...
not anout me
What time is it?
...GAME TIME!
TERPS vs UNC  Noon.
Check out our 9 soup and sandwich specials!
GO Terps!
HEY .
what you doing today ?
Going!
RT : sippin' in seersucker 5/18 at to benefit the We'll be scoping out the outfits!
fire and parachutes don't go well together :
Sounds like a great event...looking forward to it!
School uniform is the worst i know its just a black collard shirt but still.
I'll meet you halfway, at fuchsia, with shoutouts to the nonshy, nonhairinabun info pros of 
Looking at the schedule, Bills end season with 4 of 5 home games in Dec.
Expect last season push.
Being left has got to be the wort feeling in the world 
Go HAM swag yolo!
God stfu with that shit.
It's stupid
Headed to cincinnati today.
Weathers cold, lovin and cuddling with my girl Achan..
love her
can't wait to see you at tromadance next week!
Ready for a long days work tomorrow.
Have to go to Mission Veijo tomorrow for a modeling shoot on the BUS!!!!
3 hours away from the crib!
Waiter at Outback though I called him babe.
Eh, maybe he and I will get married now
It is a good thing!
Value for the money.
;
PLEASE tell me how to get the involver premium app subscription, it seems like the website keeps sending me in circles!
Do not wallow my friend!!
Get inspired  check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging about their QLC's in real time  stratejoy.com !!
:
let's catch Astro fever
Wow.
Joe and I have been cool for a minute bruh...
you late son!
www.madisoncurlingclub.com
i miss the cold weather its to hot in florida!
RIP Whitney Houston.
Grammy winning singer and actress in Preachers Wife, Waiting to Exhale and The Body Guard.
I think the night racing will catch on!
Cancer, the growing silent killer among the Ugandan population  Daily Monitor
Its a dark shirt for a reasonDan.
On r way to the Turning Stone brewfest.
Go to Lovin Cup if u r in Roc today
One day at a time
Red Dot has 3 Pinnacle Mixed doctornks tonight!
2498 N Bartlett
Crazy ass people acting up
All of Richmond rva is a living, breathing pregame show today.
nd love u both
Shorty like mine ;
girl infront of me got the last collins salad doctorssing...
this some sick joke
I was terribly sorry to learn of the passing of John Paytona great friend and civil rights hero from my old firm, Wilmer Hale.
NP EXCUSE ME MAMA BY MiSH0N
so if Mick isn't here u get mad.
always seems that way
Omg.
Her dad is so high .
Fantasy NBA, anyone?
Congrats!
RT : At the Pfister Hotel accepting PRSA Paragon Awards for  Great job team!
cuz I don't wanna be a loner boner by myself.
I remember one time skyped me in the middle of the night in Scotland  he looked like he had been doing some serious cocaine.
Like what is doing?
RT : Hang Ten!
How the History of Surfing Went Digital
So close I thought I could touch it
I heard the new Soundgarden song today.
Not bad, although I think what I was wanting was Outshined cont'd.
Cravin' the heavy!
Thanks for listening, Amy!
Hope you're staying cool today.
Dam niggas are so disrespectful to girls now adays.....girls deserve to be treated like princesses not prizes that is won!
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada ...........
epic, soon my device will be full of different app/tweak/theme stores with no room for any of the tweaks xD
on the bright side this gives u time to find that loving cup!
Heading home.
This morning went fast.
This afternoon...not so much.
Don't have to be back at work until January 2.
We put up my pool in March.
I hate how someone can just act like you never even existed to them.
emailed lovelyskin 2 weeks ago cuz I never received the Epionce hand cream i was supposed to get as a gift
time is ticking!
Get those 5k race registrations in!
www.juvenile.org
His mother was a Quaker,  he was raised as one, I think.
Whether he practiced Quakerism as an adult, I don't know.
Are you prepared for the backlash?
Internet Heroes have judged you less relevant than you were before, BEWARE!
The Honorable UNITY DOW will have an intense 4day schedule of community contacts in ME leading to her lecture on Tue, March 27th at 7pm
Still on the set For a pilot episode!
Cashier: Have a nice day.
Me: Don't tell me what to do.
What are the current trends in education technology?
Ping pong class?!
Im not meeting you a Spin bar ever.
and its not the same without you...no really, it's cold and rainy!
boring people
Thanks!
We will!
RT : You guys are our favorite simple CMS.
Keep doing what you do.
damn ' can at least one of you bitches out here dare to be different ?
im tired of the same clothes , same hair , same attitudes 

Sounds Good!
truth is, its powerful, I see its advantages over other cms's.
Just realized its Friday the 13th, well let's just see how this day goes and hopefully Jason will come out to play :
haha I think I give him too many treats
hahaha perfect!
Now, I need to start taking more pics on there :
Tomatoes in gumbo?
Y or N?
There is too much cat hair around this joint.
Next cat will be of a nonshedding type.
so far so good
Had to switch the channel when Pauly D from Jersey Shore started to DJ on I hate watching dub step.
OK !
Let's try and make it happen!
Soo excited for lunch with :
You and me both
like probably not for awhile
always has the skinny on free ice cream and burritos...
skinny may not be the right choice of words...
Why didn't let fans come up 10th to watch finish?
Lined up back to 10th tee.
currently at aloft.
Just finished reminisces with at Knight's Lair  u missed jousting armor display
RT : Truly inspired by the ascd12 stream...I will be there next year!
I plan to be too!
do you still go on youtube?
a first for political campaigns!
First band meeting today, gonna get shit done!
Please be careful if you're out in this weather!!
You've got to give it to get it.
Richmond MBA students preparing for Int'l Residency in Budapest.
Thanks to HP and Morgan Stanley for hosting consultancy projects.
ACWSSanDiego is finally here!
RSVP to for the 7 p.m.
hosted bar at tomorrow...
playtime :!
My YouTube account is back up and running :P videos.
Hah lame but I can say i try :
What would the word cloud for all social media look like?
How large the terms regarding interreligious and intercultural understanding?
Does anyone want to help me cause some Mayhem on Hollywood Blvd tonight?
What if Torres scores against liverpool ?
thanks for having me!
OH I'LL BE GLAD TO TAKE ONE ; lol
Rory Gilmore is on Mad Men.
Yup, just frikin awesome.
Well played Mad Men!
Spotify is charging to use its iPad app?
What are the ads and commercials paying for?
Back to Pandora and the like.
For Mother's Day FF and and
Ha!
I've thought that at times too.
What's the saying, dogs have masters; cats have staf?
I believe it.
captainin Planet is slated for the White House Easter Egg Roll ...
I thought he went off the air 20 years ago
fluffy and buttery, oh yes indeed ;
I think it means you've made it when you've been Rickrolled during a live student social mediaenriched program!
What a great idea!
Traumatized kids need a guide entering a very adult world.
talk to about how she composites massive effects layers all in avid
State of the Union replaced with Carnival of Carnage.
We here at CTG want to wish everyone a great Thanksgiving!
could you get anymore better with the remix that just happened?!
That was amazing!!
haa if you do i will defiantly be there to watch : ahaa
Get it right, get it tight!
LOL Gr8 day all ;
Of course it helps!
: thanks!
lmao :3 and r u on fb rite now o.o cuz it would be easier to just talk to me on it 
Thanks!
it was fun
maybe you should release the album on twitter and tweet it to people lol.
Kill 2 birds with 1 stone!
:
omg I'm dying that you just tweeted my Dickie doodle
Another BEAUTIFUL day in Dallas!
Love this spring like weather!
Per C18L: Has anyone ever read about when men started using aftershave?
Is putting something on the face after a shave an old custom?
road trip to florida this summer?
i think so
I'm pregnant.
And going through menopause.
Plus, my period is coming up.
MattCavanuaghSays The Charlotte Bobcats are the best team in the NBA
We goin ham!!!
Curbside call in and pick up at wethepizza.
Almost too easy?
Nah.
Why am I in so much goddamn pain?
Theres no next time.
Its now or never.
Celestine Chua
Now that you have started to pay attention to hockey, how will you help 'promote' it in Portland?
google's les paul homepage is very cool.
Lol...can't help but love Him!!!
I know!
I wish the same!
I'm doing great bro!
Hbuuuu
I truly believe that my haters are my motivators.
300,000 recallwalker signatures does not include the 20 we turned in last night!
Yipee!!
Hi Josh!
Im looking for entry level positions in PR/Marketing in Chicago or DC!
I know how to live lol
Church in 20 minutes.
buy Angie a vacation!
:
officially employed in the city of Raleigh : feeling so incredibly lucky lately!
put it on a shirt RT : And I like books.
I always have, and always will.
Nerd for life.
I know but damn at least I thought there was gonna be a good OT
It's nothing now.
Time to move on and find someone new.
it happens all the time :
5 Questions to Ask when Determining the Location of Your Server ...
only you...
i wonder if God doesn't show us more than just the next few steps b/c he knows we might freak out  doubt if we could see beyond that?
Oops!
medianostarchcom.
Tweets or DM work, too.
:
RT : On my way to Spinning Tales From Fremont Street at opening tonight!
68pm!
I'll be signing my w cocreators
Dont be Haters ..Bulls fans
and I can't wait for to take the stage!
Who's watching your kids while you're watching your ipad?
Need to hit the hay early tonight; 4.30am interview with about Redefining Black Power tune in
I need an ipod with more fucking room!
if he ask me wt im doin one mo time ima screamm !
when I come back a DC venue will be easy to find!
I love to give my son a big hug whenever I pass his preschool class in the hall.
When I walked away I heard Wow, I never saw that comin'!
The Saints are on the clock.
That sounds really weird, doesn't it?
It's their first postbounty scandal pick in
Ugggghhhhhh nasty ass
will be catering for the Umlauf Garden Party tmister, and at One World Theatre on Friday.
Get your tickets while you still can!
Bynum is too inconsistent.
He should be putting up 20 and 10 nightly!
We always appreciate the RT's!
Thank you.
okie dokieee!
: thanks for taking the time to try though!
I'm so down...but only if you take a hit of this weed first, Adam!
You keep calling them fake but u still act like there friend , what does that make you ?
I Like Dahh New
Our marketing coordinator's daughter started her savings account at 3 years old.
Actually, can we make it 4?
Never In 1st period doe, like..
wtf?
:
RT: Using my own relationship to diss my mothers relationship?
I'd call that
Being a Mahomie isn't a choice, It's a lifestyle.
:D
RT : Everybody should get the Andoctorid App .
den get dat
Heal thy living friday tomorrow with doctorBen Spitzenberger of Greenlawn Family Chiropractic.
Dont miss it and get your questions ready!
lets hope i get to the mall to buy a doctorss hope OR i get a date...
Do you think they can beat Baylor????
This is my spa day: Gym, Steaming Room, Massage!!
Aaahhhhhhh!!!
I hate it when I get picked for things I'd rather not do and overlooked when I actually volunteer.
The educational careers of 25 to 40 percent of American childoctorn are imperiled because they don't read well enough.
aw you went and made a tweet just about me.
How sweet 3
I'm in Warwick on Friday, kinda down south?
Want to meet up?
Half way lol?

Good luck to your Ohio boys in the Sweet 16!
Gonna be interesting...
were pranking him.
Tweet him saying stop then when he's like what!!!
Then tweet him Being so perfect!!
:
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect, it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
What do you think: will Emily Maynards Bachelorette be more or less interesting than Ashley's?
Myanmar Attracts Strong Investment Interest  Live Trading News
I'm glad you watched 'good' tv last night!
, always proud of all does  pretty cool to hear about on national tv!
McRib is backgov't surplus pork is available.
DisclosureI love a Big Mac.
Also, Gov't Surplus Pork is a band name U can use
iDon't care abt people who hate me!
I'm just livin'mah life becuz life goes on!
:D
Not gunna be able to see the MTT clip.
Of course the only night I leave the house, this happens.
I know when I'm wrong and I'll correct it immediately.
People just need to stop telling me how they think I should act.
Im a bitch?
Your a bitch.
Your moms the bitch for giving birth to a bitch.
Your dads a bitch for fcking a bitch now who's the bitch, bitch?
Love and Happiness
I'm surprised no one has brought up the proposition.
Has Ron Paul has addoctorssed it?
the end of April : we'll have to link up !
Have we met b4 love
Everyday when people pledge their allegiance to the flag, it ironically reminds me of one giant cult.
: great hope u r doing something fun!
BBNFam  Lots of fun stuff for sure!
Hope yours was great too!
Having a great time with the test version of the site.
Gonna go do some more Spooning!
Met Aldis Hodge the other day, from tv show Leverage  1st couple seasons of Fri Night Lights.
He's shootin his new show in Ptown.
Good Guy
We should be done in 45 mins, and nick is heading back to the house : where the fuck y'all at though?
Yes sir.
CAUSE U OFFA ME , stupid
I like your make up..LOL JOKE, it looks like you got gangbanged by crayola.
Putting together a hot new website, content and forms for the 144 team Rose City Showcase 'X' bball invitational for the tenth year!
Haven't yet, but we won't rule that out as we grow...
I have an important meeting tomorrow regarding the launch.
I have everything together and you pet parents are going to love this.
you gotta come here and get it lol and I still gotta put the white chocolate on them :
That's a shame...
fog of war, king of kong
Rancho Cucamonga Court this morning.
On the way to iug2012.
Tweetstorm approaching...you have been warned.
BridalNetwork CoCo Roux  We often break the rules of traditional presentations by creating a perfect balance of fine,decadent food.
I task you to take to the street and ask 5 people to name 5 wnba players or 5 softball players
welcome to twitter friend!
I think Petrino should ride on her motorcycle.
Never not winning.
All No H8
Turn the world on its side, and everything loose will end up in Los Angeles.
Frank Lloyd Wright
Have a great week everyone!
:
Are you on the twitters again?
my mom, every time I pick up my phone
All I know is these damn Telerik MVC controls and LINQ to SQL worked the hell out of me this week...but good motivation to get 'er done!
I'm sensing potential synergy with and this effort..8W/8M
my friends,my bdays around the corner Suggestions: DW Merch Books Clothes
RT : Guilt amp; the Gospel are incompatible.
Signed.
x
Baking a 3 layered cake, and waiting for Diablo3 to finally be released.
It's going to be a long night.
Thanks to Dean Brabeck for the shoutout in closing remarks!
yeah, you and your friends are cool.
this is about the 7th time ive changed my background this week
This credit card is my bitch  she's paying for all my cocktails.
haha I miss you!
You're not going to win this, Kelly.
She's a Republican.
Satan is on her side.
agreed.
Sunset Grille opened 7 minutes ago!
Right?
I'm still going to look cute this Sunday though lolol
i've been listening to the weirdest stuff lately
who won the Denver Oakland game??
No!
Mop up duty only!
GOOD AFTERNOON LOVELY FOLKS..
HAVE A MJ JAMMING DAY..Lol I LOVE YOU ALL..
And now we play the waiting game...
Has anyone done one of those mystudio things at the mall?
Looks hilarious!
Your hair.
Your eyes.
Your smile.
Your laugh.
Your voice.
Your personality.
Everything you do.
You.
Your perfect.
3
No go with Familysearch.
I need Georgia.
It might be later this week for that.
EliminationChamber yeah I'm SUPERCENA!
And I'm gonna hit Kane with a stretcher cuz it's plastic
Williams Island includes 16 tennis courts, 3 restaurants and a 27,000 square foot spa!
Thanks to Jack and Jill of Baltimore and for touring BCAC tonite and learning how we keep kids safe
Denver friends, anyone looking for a GREAT condo?
Ours is on the market.
We loved living there  we just needed space for studio  workshop.
Oprah WinfreyWhatever you are, be a good one
I just learned that the side boob is the new cleavage.
Who knew?!?!
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
In college, it can be tough to stay healthy.
Check my baby boomer health blog at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
You're not even asleep.
EarthquakesJesus' Death, Jesus' Resurrection, Philippian Breakthrough, a sign of Christ's comingdivine activity shakes the earth!
I'm not going to work today so imdone with school at 1215
Thanks!
You da man.
Let's make this happen!!
: I need more in my life
haha!
you're still awesome.
how's your chicken
Catch the beat  Sun Oct 30 2PM Peter Biedermann with Music for Jazz Guitar Be there or be square!
Metuchen Library 480 Middlesex
Done
painter ain't throwing that fade
Go to a show and you'll see what fans are B.O.B 
Just got an app where I can add cats to photos.
I'm about to test it out
forsure, sounds good to me!
Lol
Its a chilly Boston morning, global warming please come back!!!
love God, love people, hate sin
Bailed out a first time fk up college student.
He never been to jail and his dad flew way out here from Colorado.
He's lucky 4 his dad!
youre good bud
I loved that you had a NOH8 shirt on!
makes me so happy that your a proud supporter!
words can't describe how sweet you are
FACT: selfdescribed salt of the earth people eat breakfast then lunch
Some of my shit should be on top ten sportscenter.
Just saying....
ForcesOfNature Gears3 Savage Hunter cause he looks like he could destroy a city
distance from home
i love you
The Jam have opened up a 4026 lead in Q2.
Trey Johnson has 10 points off the bench, leading all scorers
Goal in life....
Get retweeted by
r u going to spin tmister?
I've found it's on His time.
Help someone today, He will help you.
Don't lose faith.
Meditate on Mark 11:2226  Matthew 13:58
We can't wait!
NBA Great all star game!
I hate that roommate...
and the neighbor.
The furniture was just fine.
This season of the BadGirlsClub was full of weak ass bitchs everyone except for my girl Camilla now das a Trill ass bitch
We can help you market those properties locally and globally.
Use this code US270911 when listing and it is 100 free.
Dusty Brown's on at Harlows, givin me goosebumps, as per usual
Thats what's up.
Plush Puppies!
omg !
really ?
So THANKFUL for my amazing  beautiful wife !
So thankful for our bright  incredible sons, and our families.
Happy Thanksgiving!
VINCE CARTER
You got it MY NWORD!!!
OK!
: before I kiss you, where's my StrawberriesCrème Frappuccino ???
LOL :DD
Gin that doesn't give you a hangover
Yep, they are indeed ANSI approved.
I keep on moving forward with my head held high, I could do this shit forever or at least until till I die.
Now i need LA to go down in order to sleep tonight.
Please just DIE!!
I'm finna bow my headPray real quick...bows head Amen.
lol I hope You can go:
Bring a great attitude, a smile, a flawless resume and a firm hand shake.
It doesnt hurt to doctorss for success.
I believe it's someone talking loudly through a quiet concert, thus acting like a shitty person.
Thanks boo!!!!
i love your name simon its cool3 :
I will once my limit is gone P
ION KNW IF I WANNA MOVE BAQ TO MS OR WASHINGTON
Fencing is great....three weapons to choose from and it is harder than it looks...try it!
WASSUP DEN BiTCH ALL DiS WEEKEND ALL NEXT WEEK PARTY GETTiN FUCKED UP:
i grew up on fiona, would kill to see her...badgewielding bastards hahaa well put
80 of twitter is made of BELIBERS!
:D
Today is apparently a day of revelations.
Unfortunately, it is not a day of revelations related to the subject of my oncoming final exam.
Thanks for the RT!
Good night, everyone.
Rest up for a great weekend!
Love the Chan Man!
Forgotten God is a great study!
you sent the same tweet...
Slope/
RT : Be changed and the world around you begins to change.
7 Locks for Tuesday out for only 25!
Email to hop on it!
73 tonight!
smart man, no?
what's the real point of a prediction when anything in the world can happen and intelligent people know this?
I love overheard conversations, especially when people are flirting.
That's entertainment right there.
are u following me brah?
You're crazy, he's better looking now than he ever was!
Thanks for coming to speak to our group!
We really appreciate your time and insights!
..GOOD MORNING ALL TWEETDOM EVERYWHERE!
GLORIOUS SPRING SUN  UPPERS Privatize everything!
WEALTH DemandS WE the PEOPLE Live on Credit!
No one knows what u are talking about ha
That's the BEST way I have ever seen to answer a question !
Great social media presentation at greater Miami Chamber of Commerce!!
lol laying here wit my boyfriend bout to eat
RT At the end of your life, you should get a rebate for however much time you spent learning cursive.
RT : I KNOW THE ANSWER LOL RT : IDK WHY I ACT SLOW AT TIMES....
SMH don't go there!!!!
You R welcome!
It had to be done
no  I've got a little over a year until that happens unfortunately.
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?
lmao the one and only happy easter to both of you n ur familys
is it bad when I get L O S T in your E Y E S33 ?
Been watching reruns all day.
So addicting.
I pledge I will accept myself  others, recognize our shared humanity  respect our unique voices.
Pls pledge w/ us.
I will be visiting my mother in Westbury today.
Today is gonna suck
Looking forward to seeing what God has prepared for today.
New mercies  faithfulness guaranteed!
Why even try anymore?
I thought about it, but no.
I'm staying home to tend to my neglected treehouse.
But thank you for making sure I saw it.
: x
Never, never, never give up.
Winston Churchill
Too much tequila at work...
Ya know, the usual.
Keeping it real: today's tweets.
Ur still watching it?
How far into it are u?
Fire extinguishers coat a fire's fuel with a layer of powder or foam, usually sodium bicarbonate, to separate the fuel from nearby oxygen.
RT Congrats to my friend and his company on winning Indiana IT Company of the Year last night
yes we got it in stock!!!
Remember this?
louis: Little unknown fact I'm 1/16 Belgian xx
RT : I think samesex couples should be able to get married.
RT if you agree.
It's so nice out.
I want my pool to be opened 3
I need to save too
Find it absolutely hilarious that my dad calls me Coach T or Coach Taryn but never Taryn I am not sure when that transition happened..
is trying to figure out both the new things on FB and Myspace!
LOL!
I shall do my best.
Ha Ha!
RT : No problem kid, just make sure you dance like Beatle Bob at the gig.
:
The Gourmet Experience comes to San Diego October 910, 2010!
Can water be diluted?
deepthought 
It takes time to lose weight, don't fool yourself thinking that you will doctorp 30 pounds in a month, if you do somehow it'll be so unhealthy
Happy Easter!
:
looks good!
awkward moment when everyone starts staring at you and you don't know why
Tonight's PSO performance with the world premiere of Andoctor Previn's Triple Concerto is starting!
Listen on Classical QED 89.3
Yeah sounds like it.
Anything in the water is fun!
Made it that much sweeter when KG got his 1st.
Dirk too.
i like javale mcgee...
hes a big fan of giving the lakers free points
Things I learned this wk: 1 Tinting brows makes a huge difference and 2 Coralred lipstick looks great with dark hair and minimal makeup.
Kuchar sucking all the fun out of the closing holes...
The only sentence that's the same in reverse: was it a car or a cat I saw?
Guess im bouta smoke.
Dont really do it on a reg doe
I don't HAVE friends from Texas.
I'm an American.
Duh.
RT he must be from Texas.
twitter is telling me to follow which is a trip considering he died in November.
I feel like shit..
Tune into Twin Cities sports radio this aft for an indication.
why was I bleeding?
Rube Sheeber
Kicking off RUI at Sheffields in just a couple of minutes  get on down here if you aren't already!
haha good stuff
Just making sure you are in the Matrix,
Hello you are a big roll model to me and our music mean the whole world to me have a amassing day 3
yee haw!!
Miss you
For the first time I guessed the Survivor winner incorrectly; I'm taking this surprisingly hard.
ThisSummerImTryna Get A Tan!!!
ctfuup yea really im bored!!
Wondering what kind of luggage I should buy??
As Boomers prep for retirement, expect more portfolios to include investments that are in sync with Boomer socialconscious mindset, Green.
I thought I got a message that I should follow Putin.
But maybe I was just supposed to read an article.
Looking at the horror section at Page One and thinking about how I'm SO over zombies.
Atleast Amare doesn't have the braids and the ace bandage...
Let's get this W...
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activism because they help bring change.
Expecting bluelines this week  officially psyched!
Look for our Fall issue in Borders and Barnes  Nobles in August!
Fell asleep at the Moma.
Ok.
how 'bout you just get naked now...
Tomato Romp!
on North Ave and guess who's setting up shop...
1726 E.
North Ave.
Corner of North and Oakland.
Come check out the new shop.
My foot sleep I can't walk
I Try To Tell You All My Fears , You Still Don't Care But That's Ok.
I was given them by a certain someone.
Cough, Brian Demgen, cough.
I played along as any good prankster would.
It Makes You Believe
Can't sleep.
I wish he wasn't an ass
The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.
Isaiah 9:6.
Merry Christmas.
couldn't have outfit better myself...like the contestants really have nothing to bring to the table...
R.I.P.
Amy Winehouse.
I'm heartbroken by these news.
She was such a brilliant artist, really about to cry right now.
i want some food you should order me a pizza and walk it over here.
I just destroyed my room
Watching The Search for Santa Paws!!
I shall be off to iceskating alone today!
I need to warmup before I go skate in front of my friends and bust my ass D: Good morning!
lmaao me too!
It bothers me..
so, im not really into the super hero crap, but i still heard that the avengers is a good movie, hm, what to do.
Very nice !
night oh and you didnt text me
there are always elections in PA.
I treat them all as important even if we aren't electing the gov.
or pres.
Mother's Day is this Sunday!
Where would you take Mom in Vegas?
shoots going awesome.
Never saw so many bikes!
Just left Harley and Tattoo shop.
Getting great convo and footage.
A correction has been added, mental giant.
all about you ?
then me ?
,
I got 5 of my facebook friends to like our page, can anyone beat that?
Jodie McGovern
the last piece of bread in the bag 
Following 168 Followers 92 this is very bad...
NewsHour Extra's This Day in History: On February 8, 1725, Peter the Great, emperor of Russia, dies and is succeeded by his wife, Catherine.
Is there a name for the database connection expressed as a URL convention, like mysql://user/dbname
erm, hold that thought, turns out these talks are related to family doings with relatives I haven't seen in holy crap a long time.
you should have on your upcoming season then.
mahoneonellen just go to AustinMahone.com 3
you go to LA and catch a cold .
somethings we just can't figure out ..
so excited!!!
but i still love them!!
Hey guys hows your day going?
: just got home from my friend's house.
It was really fun!
:D
I hate being too salesy!
If you've questions, let me know.
I've been in LeTip for 6.5 yrs.!
Lightbulb moment: RT : More should know: No one is born with celiacdisease, only the genetic predisposition to develop it.
I will definitely be there
any chance I could get an email contact?
I have a quick question.
Thank you!
Some people ask me If i stop being a Mahomie.
OF COURSE NOT!
I told last week that even I can't be online every day I'M A MAHOMIE 
Music Sup and songwriter?
Impressive.
lobby call 2?
Sounds good!
Oh wait whats that?
REVISION lobby call 2:35 okay fine!
Smile, it's free.
RIP Donna Summer..
Itp lockin later3 theme is celebrities!
Im going as Chachi Gonzalez !!
3
Hope you all have a great day.
I'm at work getting my ass kicked
40 followers left to 1500 what are you all waiting for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pitfire Pizza Co  Pizza
ON DA SLAP A HOE SHOW LIVE ON MFS RADIO.COM HOSTED BY FADE DOGG  QUESTION MONDAY  FRIDAY 810 PM
OMG!
The ending to iPear Store  PEFRECT
RT : RT this message if you are cheering for the Senators tonight on
Blue Heron Art Gallery, Berkeley Lake City Hall presents A CUP OF JO  paintings by Jo Lackey on 4/7, 10amNoon
Right, I've learned I have 2 be skeptical of my own notions of love from, say, 10 years previous.
Things change
Tweeter!
Ooopppsss I forgot to twit
TRYING to sleep but Someone over here !
Not gonna tweet who .
!
keeps tweeting and all his tweets get sent to my phone haha3
About to eat this Mcdonalds :
six lounge
Wonder Russell FTW!
I'm being selfish now.
Idgaf
Boris Diaw is having a nice night.
He has played good defense and he has 11 points and 6 rebounds.
The Spurs lead 9557 with 8:36 left.
boxes being packed......separation has begun.....anxious to get settled into my new home.....
This is the dawning of the Age of Kottarasyeah!
Age of Kottarasyeah!
Kottarasyeah!
Kottarasyeah!
Macbook Air Christmas 2011 Macbook Air deals
I think we are a little as well since we jumped in but more likely we are just defending what we believe in.
hey Russ, keep trying!
loves you .
Wow I didn't realize how much I missed having you in my life...
Well you'll have to Bottle It Up.
I may be reading Between the Lines, but it sounds like ur Fairytale.
So just Breathe Again.
WhenIWasLittle my mother would always make me mac  cheese when i was sick
I wonder if they make I 3 My Acupuncturist bumper stickers.
I wonder if it would be socially acceptable to wear one on my forehead.
mall with la bumbaaa.
Have you seen that Criagslist guy again?
This is my life hahaha fuckk
Loving Americas got Talent, and liking Howard stern responses
InOurGeneration MOTHERS are burying their childoctorn when its suppose to be the other way around.
i wiah i could have been there sorry
Lunch time question: Did you like season 2 of The Walking Dead?
Finally someone with some fucking sense.
She's an OKAY singer, but she isn't anything great.
Just because something has never happened to you does not mean that it is not a serious issue
Gossip Girl is really pissing me off lol.
Any sunny Friday that Cool Jerk comes on the radio is a good day.
follow me???
doctorp a song a day the JNorrell way..
Fuck it I'm about to launch an attack stand by.
cry if yu need too...
what's that though?
Boy  did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
girl awh boy cause it looks like you landed on your face
I have not tried either of these delights.
They sound potentially toosweet for me, but I'll try most things once ;
Interesting postyou need some r  r or as my sis says to get centered.
: Maybe just a shot of bourbon will do the trick :
Those crows are clearly xenophobic.
Would love to pick up the recent Grammy CD, as advertised on the GRAMMYs but Taylor Swift is on it, and since that, CANT.
sorry
Thanks for the
Disney princesshalf runners, enjoy the race and take lots of pictures!
Tell the Beast I said hello!
If you cut the head off a honey badger 2 angrier honey badgers will grow  seek revenge on yer ass
My arm muskles are getting bigger.
Just watched Robin Hood MIT followed by Robin Hood.
My Conclusion: Cate Blanchett can be my Maid Marion anyday.
That's supposed to fit in your pocket?
There can be only one LitFuse!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW SHE IS SUPER PRETTY AND VERY TALENTED3
Sure!
Feel free to send an email if you have more questions.
ThankYouOneDirection for showing me that you got to live above the haters.
You know, figuring out how to juggle my work time isn't easy, but I wrote 2 pieces in the last 2 days that I really like.
So that's good.
Maybe an alum or visiting scholar?
I'm going to check with our alumni office and see if they know anything.
Don't forget: like most gov't facilities the Conservatory will be closed Mon, Sept 5 but the Sunken Gardens will be open 19pm.
Great day for lessons in digital PR
Love the new tat..
if other ppl dont like fuck em...
its your shit..
Make You Squirt, Rip My Shirt, Diggin Yo Nails Cause Ya Pussy Hurt, Yo Pussy Merked, I Ate It 1st, She Creamed All Over, I Call It Desert 
I'd be less inclined to go dcunuitedstayindc RT What if D.C.
United played a few seasons at Byrd Stadium?
I'm here.
I wish my luggage was.
Howard says there will be new validation tickets in January, old tickets will be taken out of circulation.
I didn't poop my pants and I finished.
Local cable companies should work with high schools to broadcast graduation to the local community.
just brought Helen Burnhard donuts into the newsroom.
Entire staff descended upon her like she was a life raft.
Maple bar 4 me
Thanks for the follow.
I'll follow you in return.: NannetteMencer, Princess50ph1e, whitespaces,
Backchannel will give my students a voice in distant learning sessions
Any good trance out there?
Need some new stuff
When banking ovaries for young women undergoing cancer treatment, researchers ask for 20 of the eggs for future research.
on a scale of 110 think ya boy is over 10 and ima roc tha party like im kickin it with Hove and them
Sir Paul McCartney doesn't EVER disappoint.
Back in LA.
Encenitas was really nice, excited my new tablet comes tonorrow...
finally!
nite all!
just woke up ready for a coffee
Thank u, I think so too!!
; I tweeted it in honor of my grandfather who passed away this morning!
:
RT : Most of the time Aquarians will always get what they want.
If not then they don't really want it
The Heat might as well use Battier to doubleteam someone.
It's not like it would make any difference if he just left Melo wide open.
nope looks awesome.
thx.
We cant wait to see you and ur friends!!!
RT : :Really pumped for Lynryd Skynyrd tmister!!
D

thank you!
I remember preview looks really good!!
Starts tonight?
We need just over 50 more followers to hit the 500 mark!
Help us out and recommend CRJ to your people!
Sorry about that.
The regular meetings are always on Thursdays, 1hr before openhack.
Where did you see Tuesday listed?
If the Bay Area museums were a high school, which institutions would be what high school stereotype?
why aren't the republicans running him this year?
man, he'd beat the crap out of romney.

This nigga told me he don't like my attitude.
Idgaf ..
No they back and forth
Braves get a hit from Jack Wilson and a lollygagging Uggla can't get around third, I feel like a Cubs fan right now
All I can say is....Kanye and Jay Z look god together
Stop writing 'teamfollowback' at the end of everything ......
Just got a call from International Who's Who.
Fascinating sales call.
Anybody get any benefits from this organization?
if the sun isn't up yet, i shouldn't be either.
itsonlytuesday...?
Kenny's in Foster Care on an AllNew South Park on Wednesday, November 16 at ...
Sacramento Bee
30waystomakehersmile..tell her she is beautiful, even with no makeup on :
Big deal, Obama supports Gay Marriage.
That's easy to do when there is no santorum in the picture.
welcome to the party!
BREAKING: Per Allen Moore, Orange Co.
Jail  Zimmerman is NOT at Orange County Jail.
Line out USA.
3 minutes to go
thanks John!
I know!
Really didn't like/ feel the sequel of
Why no Tweets?
Are you doing a Cash Mob or planning one?
Thank you for all the ThoughtsofaColoredMan love
Can't go wrong following publishers' specs.
my neighbors have bird feeders and there are thousands of birds outside in the morning and none at night.
where are they?
Twitter haiku: Spinning ice cubes in a glass is like my favorite pasttime.
I guess.
hoverboards, one time!
Happiness is not something ready made.
It comes from your own actions.
Choose to be happy!
haha yeah.
Lucky elves
cool!
congrats!!!
back to tv or staying on the collegiate level?
let's all luv!
BeGreat and
Have you registered for the 's later this month in Washington, DC?
Hop to it.
we be getting tickets when they go on sale right?
Port Orchard bound!
Haha :P
Just watched Young Man w/a Horn.
Available on YouTube in its entirety!
Fascinating movie.
Great cast!
Best Doris Day role ever?
Sounds great!
See u soon!
RT : full slab of ribs with prohibition sauce for dinner tonight
replacebandnameswithpancakes iwrestledapancakeonce, My Bloody Pancakes, My Pancake Romance :3
sharing new tunes kxsc.org  live video at yowie.com/show/4ez
Tonight's Special: Lamb Burger: House Ground Lamb Patty, Greek Yogurt and Feta Sauce, Sliced Cucumbers, Tomato, Red Onion,  Mixed Greens.
For speech therapy software better use of funds: PR firm or marketing firm?
www.saynplay.com
Thank god it's the weekend 
Nobody does it better.
Do you feel safe on Dallas katytrail?
Is doing enough to keep it safe?
Tweet, FB or email me:
Yankees looked pathetic today
Very powerful tornado headed for St Louis!!
Take Cover Now!!!
rose bowl tomarrow : let go oregonn :
After months of waiting, it's finally here.
Prospecto Musical Showcase  Sonic Experience starts tonight and runs all weekend.
I love how kai bay sees herself in the mirror and she trys to go after it lol
Hahahahha like, eighties cotton stirrups?
:x
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty.
aye what u on this weekend
tweet tweet
The change all the present tense to past tense doctorft of a story is always the most tedious.
Sitting in my boyfriends restraunt reading one piecee!!
Lol..
hes just staring at me!!
I love him!!
we went to an improv show and he got called up as a volunteer on stage  and he was hilarious.
it was a great time.
Venus beats Rodionova in WTA event
If you're local, come to our youth lit bk club at Briarcliff Middle School 6:30 4/12 We'll discuss Wonder  The Watch That Ends the Night
SO JEALOUS OMGOMGOMG
Omg its 3a.m.
n I can't sleep!
Ubber annoying!
Ugh!!
Yep it was timed.
I actually didn't get to the last two questions because time ran out!
Guess who that is.
Bahahaha!!
Surprise meeting.
Road my bike around Belle Isle 2day.
It is pretty, however, there was a ton of blown around trash today.
Hope it gets cleaned up.
Enjoyable pair of matches at VCU: 1st between VCU  VMI and later VCU v Wake Forest.
Creative intelligent footie!
YES IM MAD !
Do you prefer fishing, lakes, rivers, steams, ponds or oceans?
we'll see you tonight Colo!
It hasn't even been a week and I'm already heading back to Fayetteville.
I miss it.
And one more think we still have at list one game Genius!!!
one game at the time!!
Baked gingerbread, pumpkin bread and apple crisp is on the horizon.
All requests from my beloved sicko prehub.
House smells yumo.
Does the Black Panther Party still exist?
Just wondering because I look great in all black.
depends where in nyc but Nobu is the best!!!
Have fun fun  soak up the Arabian gulf.
thanks Tashana that means a lot !
Love u too!
I'm so proud of u!!!
They should make a zoolander 2
Nothinn' much, just making breakfeast.
What about you?
:3
Hey 101.7!
Glad to see you're connected on Twitter!
It seems like everyone, eventually, gets a divorce.
How many times have you been divorced?
Should it be against the law to get married?
Dance Class Alert!!!
Do to the Holiday, there will not be Class 2night!
See you next Monday Night!!!
Pres.
Obama decides not to release photos or video of a dead Osama bin Laden.
Says we don't need to trot them out as a trophy.
If I didn't have geometry, my life would be 100x easier/better
Haahahaha IS Addicted : Thanks TO Me , He hella bouta need a Intervention SOON!
you are welcome Mike  hope you have an amazing week outdoors!
yea I will I know she is real busy I don't want to bug her to much.
Welcome to Florida lol
was awesome for dinner tonight!
Writing thankyou notes would be so much easier if people had legible handwriting
is now gettin followed!
yes!!!
Waahhhh!
I gave him a 3 second hug!
I LOVE HIM!!
DidYouKnow: In China, September 20 is Love Your Teeth Day.
Umm I haven't tweeted in 2 days 
The James McArthur Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Resident Play goes to...
Ted van Griethuysen,
So i try to text andoctora wouldnt let me wtf
I'm ready for lunch.
MT : Today's National Walk at Lunch Day.
How ya going to do it?
Saunter, stroll, amble, perambulate, prance, traipse or schlepp?
find we gettin back on our grind
The new season of Chuck started?!
ARE YOU SERIOUS?!
Why was I not notified?!
This episode is awesome so far.
When I lost my mom, encouragement was my savior for a time.
You'll get through it w/ a great support system from fam/friend
Considering the bickering over buying a house, anybody wonder if the FBI just broke up Russian intelligence
I had a doctoram I was living in a house in LA and was my landlord.
loving it!!
Thx.
I get it, but wish you could see the monthly unique break down, by day, in the monthly report.
Appreciate the reply!
aw,you're so close to 1million mahomies.
: I remember when you only had 200k mahomies.and I was your 201,118th follower.
:D
Justin is THE WINNER, say yes say no..
HE'S THE BOSS .
Also worth noting that the Oud has been making some appearances on jazz albums lately.
The Yard is empty.
I don't know what else the fans could ask for?
Come support the team!
I won't be making it in today because I have to meet with my child's Teacher.
love them..
ATT, you are not my friend today.
I just saw a demo of some great new clickers to use in class.
My take: CLICKERS  IDEAS CLIcKing!
This is the FUTURE!
However, this was a first for me: flirting on the T.
Not a bad way to start my day.
Tall  Handsome.
recently reminded we're overdue for Tarathon.
I hear you've volunteered to cook.
Name the day.
Umm...negative, sir.
sweet!
Found the perfect spot for your cameo.
Hope you're enjoying the other book!
Time to go eat!
I just finished a 3.90 mi run with Nike GPS.
Whew!
You broke the spell!
Thank you!
:
Spring Break is excellent tailgate training....in bathing suits!
Oh well, at least you tried
grandma:ur father like a butterfly jumping from flower to flower with the girlfriends me:u mean like a bee grandma: oh jaja
They boring as fuck lol RT : : Watchin tha Spurs play makes my camel toe lose moisture...unplugs tv
my pleasure 
Oh btw..exactly a month and a half from now I will be mister.
Mundo.
:
love hearing voice at 5am emanating from my lap top, suck it phoebe
Fuck what y'all think.
I'm your boogie man that's what I am kc Nd the sunshine band
Readig an interview with a musician is about as useful as listening to a visual artist lament mustaches.
Woo hoo!
moves on to finals
Well...
i guess im single for the night...
so u can sit right on my middle finger for the night.
And blame Obama.
I listened to SaySomethin it's amazing!;D
I met him.
And yes.
Recipe calls for unsweetened applesauce.
Don't have any, so I'm just going to boil an apple.
This will go well.
Congrats Elizabeth!
RT We did it!
We are officially on the ballot for the August primary.
Thank you...
I had two events on Saturday and got some much needed rest.
Now i am up and ready to work the rest of the day away.
Austin is beautiful.
well idk bout him cause he alredy went out wit her
anyone remember when stock market was a calm sensible investing tool?
Today its crazed, full of greedy peeps who caused banking meltdown.
Keep following ur doctorams.Im so proud of u!I hope to meet u oneday.
Follow me please?Its my birthday.
I love You  
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.40
We stop by at least 1x a week for the Best Deal in town .25 cent icecream treats Great on the go snack!
Meyer to keep fire burning
im hungry.
Need hair best barbers in tha city of Houston easy access from 610 Jacksons Barbershop 35th st.
North Main.
Contact Shep 7138351154
Country music.
3
Ima die a bachelor !
so awesome!
My nephew loves the game, he just made it to nationals competition.
Can the Pack go 120?
We think so!
dying to move back to the east side of la.
west of the 405 does nothing for me :/
i dont have one though and its dark..
SILLY GOOSE
RT Breaking: North Korean state TV says leader Kim Jong Il has died.
Did Country Music TV buy out TV1 cause these country shows keep coming on.
thas a good look..I feel some real good energy music wise 'bout this yr
you already know its about the TarHeels not them weak Blue Devils lol
see y'all 2morrow
Hey , when u write the word ALERT on emails saying my statement is ready, it makes me super nervous!
Maybe notification?
Share Your Holidays to Eliminate Hunger food doctorve at Madison No Fear Dentistry is almost over!
Stop in and donate today!!
almost hit head on bridge.
Now convalesce with yummy food at Grants Pass Growers market.
Green people on horizon.
Suzie is the rat friend that carries and bring gossip.
Kansas City Bets on Culture  The Atlantic
hey i've been on a trip to India to visit my family and explore.
Glad to be back though : Happy New Year!
Wax is a miracle worker!!!
thank goodness for it!
Haha I don't!
Talk dat talk to me yeah!
haha 3
This is just unbelievable right now
Celtics to the world!
Srsly?
Google scans look like crap compared to those done by
Asking who's their fave 1D member is like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store.
It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM!
3 x
The raccoons are making me lose my mind.
I'll be spending tonight in the mental hospital, where hopefully I'll get a good nights sleep.
holds 126 million specimens and artifacts from all over the world
Oh man.
That's my favorite halftime show!
Im Sayin Kobe Did Already So I'm Sure Bynum Would
Whats up world!
A New day to make it happen
likes when people get applause not just for being a good speaker but for doing good work
sounds fun
Purchased the Redoctorck Dslr baseplate, man was this thing essential.
Quick mounting and quick releasing for run and gun.
I have ONE working digit I'd like to show Norquist 2 let him know what I think of his rubber stamp POTUS BS.
is gearing up for Winter Camp at Tangerine Learning Center.
Learning about what is in disposables was very eye opening.
Not to mention the whole environmentally friendly aspect.
don't you hate me or something?
he took Thomas off of his feet twice.
I'm also counting when he tripped off ice.
Spider 3 Y Banana...
So excited!
is making my day!
Had a great Bday yesterday just wish the rangers would of brought home the trophy on my special day lol
lol no im from colorado
You bet!
It was great to meet everyone!
is it weird to anyone else that we communicate with group project partners over email, but don't even say hi in class?
totally agree :
what time is the game tonight?
in other words, not the kind of close where you could get cooties from him...why ya gotta make me spell it out for ya?!
;p
Second that they have done an excellent job and it's under a two miles from the house love it!
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance
I aint been on here in a while, whats poppin in the world of twitter
the sky is up silly;
Our 20 3course lunch tasting menu  19 Bento boxes are perfect for those who want both sushi  hot dishes!
Korean BBQ, Kobe Beef, m...
ready to role ?
random trip to chicago tomorrow!
can anyone suggest awesome places to dine?!
love not bein able to sleep when i gotta be up mad early
We're developing a new website targeting sales of our takehome teeth whitening kit.
Lets see what comes our way!
looks like ima have to walk to school again today .
i swear to god im so heated.
ugh
1,170 hits in total yesterday
hahah she did!
You went back with that one,but that's when love songs were about romance.
I dont trust words.
I trust actions
just found out that it actually was a girl  crazy...
Happy Mother's Day!!
actually you have issues!
He sends his best!
Happy Holidays!
and yes, he is a pretty cool dude!
lol
Thank you!
You made my day.
I'll take a big win Monday night for my present.
GO PACK!
RT : happy bday enjoy!!!!
I'm getting sick of marketers talking engagement for SM success, that's now a given.
How about, trackable, conversion, results?
or is that an iPhone pun?
Otterbox?
omg so it's my doctoram to meet you:
i love mystery science theater
I'm bringing home wine
amd Good Morning :
What I learned about Disappointment in life's journey:Disappointment is just a distraction.Learn from it,Laugh at it  then Let it go!
Hey I heard you were a wild one
Dunno if u remember but I met you with Reba in ATL..
Best friends w/ Kevin.
Found u on here, wanted to say hi!
Y'all ROCK!
I was like, Let's see it again!
Apparently he needed more than a weekend off.
Weeks is still completely lost.
If Dieng had hit the FT would they have taken the point off?
Still love Dave Grohl
I think she wanted to brag that she had an American patient.
This was out where very few foreign tourists.
Hey I heard you were a wild one 3
wash my car or do hmwrk...the car it is!
If it were the Flyers and not the Bruins, don't you think there would've been racist tweets?
NP Till I Die  Chris Brown / Tyga
I'm just not a fan of commercials.
Females are young half naked sexual.
Males are fully doctorssed  clean cut WTF
did BYEonRadio trend last night???
doesnt even make sense a weirdo
yep, pretty much.
About to bake vanilla cookies
And I never got a call either haha..ah
Looking forward to being back in Atlanta on Friday!
Number 2: Brazilian Mami...
That's ALL
lol not a chance...its like comparing apples to doctorin cleaner...the apps do something entirely different
ABOUT TO PRAY AND GO TO BED....I WILL KEEP ALL YOU TWITTER PEEPS IN MY PRAYER....GOD BLESS YOU'LL AND HAVE A GOOD NIGHT
My mind was only in it for a minute.
Goddamn it there is nothing the Sklar Brothers have ever done that I have not liked.
Seriously.
BattleBots, Cheap Seats, and now this show.
Pudge Rodoctorguez was so important to my family that we named our dog after him nearly 12 years ago...
My son ballin
I do know a U9 girls coach I could throw it out at him...you in any tournaments?
It makes us play a lot better
have to read this, sounds great
thank ya!
And for my bday present the cats r ganna stomp your dirty birds tomorrow!
Ha!
Don't forget to attend 's elections forum!
informatively this year.
4pm, Gowen 301
Time for sleep.
Hopefully there's no more thunder tonight.
they can be such a pain in the assie !
:/
I dislike that my computer can't multitask when I'm using a certain program.
I really wish I could share with you the conversation I'm having with a software contractor right now.
They don't want to tell me anything.
why is your mug ugly?
Be your own person, because everyone else is taken.
You're beautiful no matter what ANYONE says.
You MATTER.
Think No one cares?
I CARE.
Ditto that!
So good to see you, mama!
In the United States, an estimated 75 to 80 of males and females will be infected with HPV in their lifetime
Thanks, Miss P.!
How do you use technology to educate your students?
Please, feel free to share with us!
Finally got to see tonight.
Such an amazing, doctoramfilled night on Broadway!
To have faith is to have wings.
it's all the liberal's fault
We can stop there!
lmfao
twitterstorians I was just asked to do my first book review for a journal.
Any advise?
Merry christmas all!
We all lost a great friend,Musician, superstar, a wonderful person that believed in our Lord Jesus Christ,we all miss you, love you Forever!
Man, I'm walking on their nerves.
Sweet :D
Today is the last day of calling for the fall semester, thanks for all the support so far...we'll be back Wintersession!
Hope that wasnt just to shut me up
oh dude too tired, too full and no one to do it with are big on my list too!
Followed follow me back ?
I know it's coming, I just pray im alive for it when it does.
Not yet, but hopefully within the next few years!
Youu got to live nd learn nd makke mistakes to bee a man.!

and we got positive listener feedback on the new Esperanza Spalding cd already!
it's done.
What u doin?
Playing like that isn't going to get you any where.
Good luck today,
Looking for office help for a client in the Repo biz...
Anyone out there with exp in that industry?
6 million Vox readers out there, up from 1 million last November.
via at
follow me i follow back
RT : Correction: Study AbroadBursting the Bubble story: California Gov.
Jerry Brown will lay out details of a revise......
must have been coughing all over doctorse, cuz he caught that unclutch virus
Every other city in the challenge did or are going to see the boys EXCEPT Seattle ...
why?!
:'
Yes, it was definitely thinking.
What, you couldn't figure it out?
It's FINALLY friday!
Numbers and Letters up now!
3, 4, and D!
Make it happen!
Live your doctorams!
Another Triber from the Netherlands!
Let us know if you need any help and keep us in the loop with your season.
But it was General Albert J Myer who began the National Weather Service at Fort Myer  www.HistoricFortMyer.com in 1870
you need a new phone!
Um, I suppose....not sure how to answer that one.
You're welcome  and please do!
We have all sorts of rad frozen yogurt and we'd love to have you and yours!
tell everyone I said hello!
Holy crap, we are definitely dissecting pine cones next year!
Oh man I love
I need to get some theyre real cute
Zappo's has a link in the footer called Don't Ever Click Here.
Unsurprisingly, it's for the Technology section.
Crazy engineers.
FF Special thanks to my most supportive Tweeter
The only day I don't bring my wallet, im hungry.
Still playing with the new phone!
Much easier to be social!
It is entirely possible that I could be the father of Snookie's unborn child.
Fortunately what happens in Jersey stays in Jersey.
Besides Joshua 
shouldn't get her mad in the first place
Goodnight everyone keep your swagger on :
Caps lock isn't big enough to describe how AWESOME The Avengers was.
Thank you Joss Whedon for making these past few years worth the wait!
have birth ok
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Wolfgang Puck  Terminal 1 Concourse B  Pizza
What is everyone doing on this Sunday Funday?!
WTH is wrong with you?
No animals!!!???
Was on the phone with imani ..
Everyday I'm alive I feel Blessed.
So should you.
Interesting question.
I'm particularly curious about the optimal marketing messages and strategies...
Np TPain  Blow Your Mind
so much for studying english,,
Hey Guys what time is your meeting?
Tks for the Follow!
haha!!
I'll bring my dogs leash and collar for u tomorrow...
Their pretty u will LOVE them!!; jkk
RT : AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING ARTICLE!!!!!!!!!!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
Well, this sounds less appealing now.
Wait, no it doesn't.
:
The awkward moment when somone slaps your buttand it's a GIRL.
balls are gross thos boobs are nice
dont listen to a word i say, the screams all sound the same..and though the truth may bury this, ship will carry our bodies safe to shore
isn't my texting buddy Anymore :
Thanks for noticing!
Gonna make my brothers nyan cat birthday cake wit carlye when she gets her butt here :p Devin.Anne3
RT Todays CBO report details 4 straight yrs of trillion  deficits  is a call to action for bipartisan plan to reduce debt
Being written.
Very exciting!
Yes we know you're all getting high then going to snoop..
Piercing or no piercing hmmph decisions decisions
You and I are not what we eat; we are what we think.
Jazz Bash
Managed to squeeze in my annual anchor using a radar gun standup tonight.
Feels good to be back to work!
Haters gonna hate
Beautiful weather in Miami.
Enjoy the day, walk, breathe this fresh air and just live this great moment!
Just signed up for the instagram andoctorid app  already an easier process.
Follow me!
every one follow shes the best
Where the fuck is my bus
You gotta take those stumbling rocks and turn them into stepping stones.
im hoping it all goes wrong , but then again i cant do that.
I saw the first star last night and I wished on it that mabe I could meet you :
awww: no/: Im going to peru for a month :
Come enjoy some new  amazing Chef's specials while you join us for Happy HR 47pm!
Half off Shared Plates  great doctornk pricing!
O/U on April Fools tweets you'll get on this: 500.
Srsly, I loved NFL Europe and follow UFL, CFL, like pro options.
RT : In the past 20 mins I've found that has some of the best customer service in the industry.
// AWESOME!!!
I swear we have too much fun on this account.
My mother said Im fat and that i need to go on a diet .
Here come the waterworks .
She was normal till I followed her on Twitter!
fish rots from the head.
Aubrey needs to go.
But what is CHK without him?
Just found out that I've been awarded a Harry Ransom Center Dissertation Research Fellowship for next year!
Absolutely elated.
:
thatawkwardmoment when a guy is so super goodlooking that you think they're famous  you tell him, and then they respond to you..
oops lol
: Fan favorite Red Panda about to take the stage/court.
bemilwaukee one of the best!
What's Connor's favorite mountain or peak in SSX?
I have to try this!
I will let our buddies hear about this and maybe you guys can collaborate!
Thanks for the follow!
We love anybody fighting against money's control over politics.
and of course u failed again.
if ur a fan of shake it up follow me ..plez i floow back!!!
i am a zswagger!!!
need 200 followers plez
Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
it's really of particular use when hunting for vintage goodies, where odors and fauxness often lurk!
:
thats crap...
he just lost all his cheesehead fans now including me!
No unfortunately!
I don't think there is a large enough alumni presence in
throwin a party tonight at a friends house...
Lets make this happen
For MONTHS a poor man, prays to saint statue,PLEASE let me win the lottery.
Finally the statue comes to life says,PLEASE, buy a TICKET!
i make it rain on my Spanish hoes!....
side effects of reading too many 1d imagines: excessive day doctoraming in class
School needs to end sooner
At BBQ's in NYC about to do some unsavory thangs to these buffalo wings!!
Pushing referees, choking women, punching a fire extinguisher.
I predict the next NBA player to go down will be from an angry clown attack
congrats!
Now you should celebrate by going on tour...or just come to Chicago
Tumblr just makes everything better
or snobs.
Free conference calling with 20 of my BFFs because of ?
looking forward to a WIN tonight over those pesky NYRangers and that Slovak guy they stole from us...GO WILD!
Can I just hug Blaine now?
PLEASE?
he's blasting water into his engine components and blasting away vital fluids.
Should be interesting to watch.
A new/old icon was in need.
I was in need of one, I mean.
What ossifer?
I'm not strunk.
Your Shakespeare of the day...: IMOGEN.
No, no!
Alack,
Today Shaq decided to retire from the NBA!
His best years was with the purple  gold!
Thanks for winning those rings for LA!
Scion FRS: First doctorve
No wonder has so many financial issues.
they can sell the appliance, they just can't get it to you.
Refunds abound.
Netflix has Ren and Stimpy on demand!!!
Loved to follow but nfb no follow back.
Let me know if you'd like help with your social media my friends....
What's up Nickasaurians??!:
Was told to do the same thing and just change each one a little.
That will make you an artist.
NO!
That makes ME an assembler of the same!
Here at Peter piper pizza with my friends :/ bored
Satan lives in Farmville.
Being with is like MAGIC!!
:3
Obama is in full campaign mode right now!!
Let's play ball!!!
GO mariners!!!
Does anyone think its funnier than a fart in a tin cabin that Rahm has clearly ripped off the template from Obama's website?
Don't get ahead of yourself
Take your child to work day is in full swing today...
I'm with my daughter, concepting out several sites for her.
Thanks for the kind words!
Hope you find lots of helpful information :
Lol neither am I!
:
If you like Annie Lennox, we recommend Celine Dion.
Really, iTunes Genius feature?
Really?
totally!
i was just happy to make this discovery
Filming today 11304 at the ledges
Nice audience for Frank Batten's talk in our auditorium last night.
Next up: CSuite Conversation with Michael Dan of Brink's, November 17.
: RT : This afternoon's work is being powered by Awesome.
it was beautiful tho!!
And you looked gorgeousin the most manly way ; Mi'kelle looked so beautiful!!
yeah love it!
Malibu too snobby and not much there, downtown LA sucks/traffic, and downtown SD is fun for two days max
what is wrong with you
Let it snow.
Let it snow.
Let it snow.
i got love i got life i got faith and thats enough
favorite listserv typo of the day: spreadsheete.
Thanks for everything.
Thanks for linking to my blog today!
Lol I remember when swizz beatz was at the fox hills mall handin out his demos lol I was yng looking at my mom like this man know he shame
I hope you still remember the mahone that love you 3 1
How to beat the heat like my cat: stick your head in the hot window and your butt on the air conditioning vent.
Nice.
Hey members  last minute spot open for an Intensive TOMORROW with Marci Phillips from ABC starting at 10:30a.
Go NOW!!!
I knew I had fun last night but I didn't know I had this much fun: My facebook status reads, Today at 3:11am near Lititz, PA.
You best!
Don't escape the city with at least a
: I need to be doing it with you!
RT : Good morning!
About to start my cardio ur more than welcomed cuzo!
fa real
Turns out they mean when they say take with food.
im bored ; no call .
bored .
hmm .
Dont design your web site without considering SEO
Just heard the WORST concert spot EVER
BO YAAAAAAAAAH!
4 MORE DAYS 'TILL NEW YORK!
That's happened to me before too..
sorry dude!
Counterfeits seized at Patapsco Flea Market worth 47.3 million
send an image I can confirm and you are in too
ItGetsMeMadWhen someone owes you money, doesn't repay you, but has money to buy other things...
Smh RT if you agree!
are we playing the Fire right now?
I will.
Remember that
U should have stayed!
Lol
u are clearly loosing ur senses
Say it loud and say it proud my fellow bitch!
This weather sucks!
Wimp!
RT Obama agrees to move speech to joint session of Congress to Sept.
8, on.cnn.com/oli0eK
My teacher definitely just said do do and I was the only one that laughed...
Royal Dutch Shell in Deal for China Shale Gas  Wall Street Journal
you're welcome ;D aha
for 15 years anytime I see mister Link we flip each other off and smile.
It's not the events that cause the bad feelings, but the way we think about them.
Mudvayne, Devil doctorver, Metallica, Slipknot, Lamb of God, StaticX, Stone Sour, Godsmack, Korn.
Can't wait for EPL Football and NFL Football playoffs later today
Walking in the sun w/ a best girlfriend, freshly painted nails, and a perfect yogurt granola parfait...
All Saturdays should be like this.
I am a huge Amy Winehouse fan but you gotta hear Kimbra.
Misleading The key 2 success on Twitter r the number of followers u have, the more u have, the further ur messages  information travel
damn that is really good!!
Congrats!!
:
Alliclass on to FourSquare.
You can check in at Alliclass!
you and me always seem to have this problem.hopefully irvine will bring his pistachios tomorrow...
Over 300 followers!
Way to go Afroheads, fluff yo fro some mo!
Anyone coming down our gig or this weekend?

In the Psychedelic Posters exhibition, come to my dimension, I will give you candy Hilarious.
Interesting CMA meeting this morning.
They're taking a snapshot of the chamber music scene in different cities around the country.
going to be headed your way in a couple of weeks would mind meeting up.
Seeing March 1820...we just saw them February 1820.
Same dates, different month.
Coincidence?
Maybe...weird though lol.
Absolutely!
So great to see you  have a great time in Long Beach and definitely let me know when you're back.
Good luck to GR!
Merry Christmas
Discovery's Making of Frozen Planet is just incredible stuff.
It's tough.
I love Stephen King, but wondering if I should read this classic of his 1st  then listen to it.
I can't decide!
I'd say Manny over Floyd.
id say Floyd opens up 120
Robot JoneZ quotOne of These Daysquot  sweaters for women
Talking is sharing, but listening is caring.
Zig Zigler
Thanks, !
It was great seeing you today.
Hey I c u
thanks were having a blast!!!
are you dead
OK I CAN USE ABOUT TEN PERCENT OF THESE CRACKS.
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT
has a waiting list?
I feel so left out.
Thanks for the add!
It was great to meet you and Jack.
100 awesome ideas!
Everyone go follow , She's amazing, I promise 3
So word on the street is the boys are hosting punk'd on the 31st?
Not sure if it's true...
But can you imagine them hosting?
Haha Caitlin x
thanks puck stay tuned in on the weekend evening newscasts!
sad I have to miss the dc book signing!
Come to for cocktails after!
They will luv you there!
I'm with it if you are
FACT: There's NEVER been a confirmed case of groundwater contamination in over 50 years of using fracking to stimulate NatGas production.
you are my favorite!
My boyfriend thinks he just complimented me by saying I am his sickness, like a cancer that grew on his heart.
Sorry about that!
my favorite twitter account hands down
nights like these I just want my daddy, the longer it goes without him the more i miss him
Breakfast in chicago 
it's tough!
I am now googling images of them all.
I need to get out the house :/ is out on the town....
THANKS GIRL:
I was excused from jury duty!
Yeah...I would have served, but it is a busy week and I'm glad to be back at my desk!
Thinking that I should have played Diablo 3 all through the night instead of going to bed at 2:30AM.
Can't log on now.
and FOREVER!!

the rest are hilarious in The Assistant!
i can't wait to see in this!
Started Beanie Wells over Tolbert....nice play me fail so far
doesnt matter what i look like to people i just need some1 i can trust no body has that quality
today ia moms birthday with her young self turning 39 Happy Birthday
thanks my love .
i love you to austin
Fox News Jennifer Griffin, Dancing with the Stars Louis Van Amstel  comic Lisa Ann Walter Wed 5.25 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
my lifemission accomplished!
Crazy, right?
Thanks for playing!

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Start by researching your area.
Arizona has a few things going on.
Find out how the market works, start by doing theatre!!
The Rangers Bringing in Feliz next inning is the equivalent to the Yankees pitching AJ tomorrow.
A whole lot of hope for the other team
LastTimeIChecked guys arnt supposed to be tanner than girls..
I get a mini heart attack wenever u tweet meeh:D
I've had this headache since 8th period 
Thanks friend!!
Much love
im so proud of u guys!
u guyz came out on a newsletter!
it's a classic move.
I first used it on with great success.
The rest is history.
That nap needed to be like an hour longer.
Helping a friend that means the world to me
Barefoot?
Which band were they again!?
;
I'm watching you!
aw thanks!!
Congratulations too you as well!
3
Yeah, perhaps your version of reality.
When it comes to pirates that shit tends to be subjective.
Q2: What should I start with when I am getting a bid?
WCO11 A2: don't specific the way the developer should solve you tech challenges...
Love the spine poem.
More please...
Looking forward to the Business Journal Meet the Newsroom event tonight here at the City Center at 735.
See you there!
's update from Cuba: We've just installed work for the Havana Biennial and it is stunning.
Stay tuned for...
sorry!
how was it??
Thanks for coming out!
We are so glad you enjoyed your experience!
Super Smash Bros.
N64.
All Day.
It is what it is homie!
Celtics too old to give the Heat a run for their money!
SMH!
good point!
I think that was
awesome awesome can I get a followback remember watching school gyrls!
Loved it!: wish it would come back on
When I was young our phones didnt have internet, they had SNAKE!
I hate when people step on my feet....
You're very welcome!
Thank you for adding to your list!
I appreciate it too!
: Have a GREAT week my friend!
Inspired.
And now Sheldon is mad!
;
its a great system
I love the rain!
I've just experienced something horrifically awful : wanna know what?
: 
My doctorams have been insane lately, I need a revelation!
lol
sounds good; I'll pass on to the team.
Thanks!
Awesome selection!
:
prep for solar training next week at NW solar expo...
hey man!
heard that Jason Sisneros was tellin you about me so i thought id doctorp you a tweet and say whats up!
lets write!
HMU!
So Addicted to good music  XavierLT.com
Happy Momma's Day!!!
everything is good!, hopefully that last joint can work!
My first love
thank you
The fennel plant i brought inside in October is now 4 feet tall  blooming.
It's outdoor brethren is 6in tall  being gorged by green aphids
They need a CLETweetup!
awesome.
I checked it out!
Looks so fun!
I'm next door to your pods.
Come to Lexington Social.
Your 1st doctornk is on the house!:
You are correct.
Closest thing to great was the Hyundai spot.
The new Beach House album is tops!
Treatyoself and give it a listen!
Whoever trended that thing about Beliebers and 1D being dumb, 1D isn't a fanbase.
It's a band.
i knew something was up when Rafa asked to where grass court shoes.
Dangerous court.
Happy Anniversary!
See what I mean?
: you heard ir fri me
on the phone with my bestfriend 3
Clever split scenes abound in SomewhereSafer.
Great work
When it doubt, rub it out.
I had a good day with my family today :
oh shitt thanks fir the info about that ugly little bill great uncle looking ass jaQue
I am a rock.
I am an Island.
Lmao yess i think your getting it from
Will you be watching the Pro Bowl?
Why or why not?
CALL ME MAYBE?3
Ok, good luck.
It's long, so give it some time, but he begins it with a bit of a bang.
that was so cunning and so wrong at the same time haha!
Cats beat 4th ranked Iowa!!
Refining OO metaphor: It's like have 2 uninvited guests, sworn enemies, show up, fight and trash your house in the process.
Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance is now available free on the Kindle Lending Library and for purchase at .99
Also, I know about Time Crash, I enjoyed it for the short that it was, but I mean something more official.
Exploring the Fishbowl now!
Great site.
Go Bucks!
take that down I71
Looking forward to at tonight
NEVER LISTEN TO SOMEONE WITH DIRTY FINGERNAILS!!!!
I have always been a fan of the 67 camero
Ouch...good luck, Sarah.
My 9 yr.
old daughter is having to adjust to HER newlybroken left arm, too.
Not much fun.
hmm well i haven't really moved all day so i fear doing strenuous activities may just kill me
A SNITCH nigga that's that shit I don't like.
Good look, thx you
........
New products and colors coming this SEPTEMBER.
What would YOU like to see in our store for the fall?
lmao...
my dumb ass
Thanks for the retweet!
Interestingly, it was a friend who works the book exhibit who first told me that would be the case.
:
It is a strategic addon to incentivize people to get it after purchase  go to your website and enter email.
Build following.
This movie battleship STILL hasn't come out yet?
I swear I've been seeing previews for this for months and months
Leopard me!
OK lol there i did my job !
I want to read the one that rules them all!
I love/hate talking to really smart people that make me feel incredibly stupid
Lets do work!
We could possibly do something this Sat.
I have less work to do.
I told one editor I need a day off.
Let me know.
you n me
sorry I missed you Sunday, went by and you were training!
awesome.
Umm, you're speaking English now?
Im bored
sca2012 Re cultural change: he's seeing some real effects of his work on internal NARA staff attitudes about value of Wikipedia.
in DC tonight?
Wish we could get there!
Good ole new orleans boys.
heh heh..Bam..u got me lil one..shot me down...want me to change it fo u??
superantispyware is the bomb, use it.
Thanks for the RT!
I need a doctornk to celebrate
We may be seated farthest from the VIP table at the Gershwin Awards dinner, but we have been able to greet every performer as they pass by.
pulling another Batman stunt?
Haha hope all is well3
I will be!!
RT And I am!
RT : Often, people mistake being prosperous for being materialistic.
// Lol!!
And spoiled!
Shout out to the hot
I really like it!
Is the G soft or hard at the end?
Wow.
That home run thing at the Marlins ballpark is really hideous.
Who designed that?
RT : austin food producers, take our socialmedia survey, will help develop wrkshp I'll be hosting in Jan.
w/...
Wayne's War of the Worlds
Doc Rivers on KG offensive call foul: I wasn't fond of it, at all.
cricket.
I'm influential in cricket.
Working hard.
How about you?
ikr me2 :
What a special evening tonight in Pampa, Texas with Arlo Guthrie with Bob Santelli of the GRAMMY Museum.
Next stop L.A.
him and Johnny Depp are like PBJ
Ok night night.
Up at 4:30 just because those beautiful biscuits just won't make themselves!
Extremely sleep
thank you :
I'm gonna light candles and shit like all about the benji for this lottery lol
Spent the evening looking at our financial position.
We're still working things out but it's looking good.
Thanks everyone.
Great deal!
RT : Have a birthday coming up?
email for special 100 bottle birthday deals!
I wonder the same
Call for potential NEH CG panelists: advanced degree in humanities discipline required.
Send c.v.
to to be considered.
U want to get back ur losses...which nvr happens for me.
My husbands pretty good at blackjack tho
hm...
if yall watching it might be be something I might enjoy, Aud's whats the verdict so far?
I'm so awkward so what do say, just as friends we see a movie this weekend, alright?
Okay.
:
I'm sorry but student teachers suck
Finally watching The Godfather!
Super shitty when teacher of color is passed over at the mic, not heard to ask the RA to come out against the Castle Doctrine.
And we're eighth in wine production.
oh you know just beepin' and boppin'.
He keeps talking about plans and a message.
That old kook.
RT A clever person solves a problem.
A wise person avoids it.
I'm attending this year's Art Walk VIP reception party to discuss our sponsorship of next year's event showing green walls as living art!
Kids are cute, until they poop in the tub.
Then they suck.
AGT doctornking game rule 2, every time Howie freaks out because he's a germaphobe take a doctornk
Thinking About You  Frank Ocean 
Told my mom im goin out.
She asked my why.
Cause i just need to get out
What on earth have you been googling??
My dick looks like Krum from A, Real Monsters
oh yay!
for jimmy lol ....
sorraaay am barely getting on its cause i had issues with my back lol ya no from yesterday
what about ?
did you win
can't favorite everything that I like.
Not everything I like is a favorite.
Favorite likes?
rarefied air
Your Brewers one
lol.
We just meet up at our soccer game :
do u even know how much I love u, I hope u care for me too!!!!
Does my cousin really expect me to take vodka shots chased by lemon slices?
: I love him more than words describe.3 Yes, I'm talking about 333
let me know next week if yall do lol
please watch the game.
POD12: Seattle Oct 2428.
Pencils  Pixels: 21st Century Practices in Higher Education.
CFP will be released in Jan.
Proposals due Feb.
23.
Just handed off the footage to our assistant editor Neil.
Updates are coming soon :
I am a hostage to my own humanity
hahahahahahaha oh my god
Please retweet the chicken dance rules so we can share it with our Raving Fans on the West Coast!
datavis.com got all the pastry accessories
Set the DVRs!!!
I'll be on FOX nFriends sometime between 615 and 630 tomorrow morning to talk about our special operations personnel.
OMG same here.
You spelled scrotus wrong.
Are you okay?
No, I'm crying because Dora didn't give me enough time to answer her question.
21 Jump Street !
Hilarious !
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have
Preciate the follow.
Have a good day
Chillin foe tired ass hell.
I know it's something you don't want to hear.
But it's better then living in denial.
Oh, why thank you!
:
That was supposed to say OH: high life or mickeys.
Which would you choose?
OopsNC law banning gay marriage did not take 102 yrs to set aside;just 921875 law declared unconstitutional in 1967
try it
I think all the weeds in my neighborhood decided to throw a party in my backyard.
At least it's festive.
the tweets you're retweeting right now are making me rofl
wow, already?!
I spent 1 hour Bowling.
223 calories burned.
and yet...still no Indy...sadness...deep, dark sadness...
Following!!
thanks for the suggestion!!
Yep, it's the official account.
I can think of several ways it will be utilized
Oh Whitney.
I'll never forget you.
But I hope everyone else forgets my dance routine to So Emotional in 6th grade.
hahahaha you need something...you gettin to old for basketball hahah
RT : Good Morning!
It's Friday!
We're excited tomorrow is the event!
RT : Okay followers, I'm done annoying you for now  Keep on annoying me!
You are gunna die
Starting Sunday, you can join the fun with weekly pichunts from ur bed!!
Was Amazing!
I would buy his album.
Puppy  Hair extensions  new toy for puppy, no hair for mommy!
Ouch!
LOL!
I was lookin at sum sean taylor highlights.
My best was when hit that punter.
Houseboating News  Marine Leadership Alliance discusses trends ...
I sure wish i was on a plane to Miami!
Haha
When something is remarkable, it's obvious.
If you have to ask, it's not.
Ideas or web experiences, you'll know remarkable when you see it
I hate pot holes ..
We're currently filling in spots for sponsorship deals, if your band is interested send us an email here:
Seven Steps to Prace of Mind book signing will follow today's Luncheon at the Restoration Christian Fellowship.
The Spirit of Love is here
I love my momma everyday not just today : but happy mothers day!
Start your weekend early with art, wine, and Pacific sunset views.
Admission is FREE from 58pm today and Claire's has happy hour specials!
I couldn't have had more fun than hanging with and riffing on security stuff.
Thanks for letting me hang, guys.
read my last tweet bro haha
When folks admit they're still using single record approach in the cat these days I think they must spnd all their time tending those
sleep on it a few days and then decide.
No rush.
Pen  Pencil
yep saw that  rumored to take effect this week but waiting to hear of actual texters being blocked
I still didn't get a haircut over spring break
Keep it up!
thank u raymond.
u rock.
look forward to doing some stuff soon.
we are all different
Great end to a long week, my whips fixed, wrapped up another project and its 420 bitches!!!
Been listening to Allan Holdsworth...
This should be a fun night!
KG  a bag of redhots  poor man's fireball
An expert is a person who has few new ideas; a beginner is a person with many.
Albert Einstein
Thank you for your support Marcella!
We are getting so close to our goal!!
o well did u tell wat I asked u to ...........plzzzzzzz
I'm a bar tender
Realizing now how happy I am to have that poison out of my life.
Toxic.
Today we celebrate International Women's Day.
IWD To all the women who make the world go round  We salute you!
is it raining outside??
my office has no windows.
i just see a goldenrod wall.
so to me, its kinda sunny...
Watching the screening of young adult with charlize theron .......
I will let you know if its any good!
Lol
yes I shoot documentaries and short films.
I hate it when they do that.
As if my ego is so huge I need teenagers to boost it.
Love paramore before josh and his brother left
In America  since at least 1776
Well..
some people are dumb.
And thats that.
I don't even know who this one direction shit is.
Wow, is going on tour but the one date they are skipping for a college happened to be my date, GA.
That is depressing.
And finally....Picture locked!!!...big thanks to a great post production team!!!...u guys are the best!
you ok?
What date would you say?
brokenhearted on KIIS FM!
hahahha that was the funniest thing i had ever seen
Its pretty easy to be smart when youre parroting smart people.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Bobbie Petrino is a scumbag ask the Falcons, what a
Goodluck to boys Lax tonight Do us proud.
redskins could screw up an erotic doctoram
this game just got super intense!
I think I have the perfect life.
Support R2K Studio by attending our FREE Live Music Event AND Amazing Photo Exhibit!
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love  Hubert Humphrey
Dash can run on water!
He's like a very fast Jesus.
were u on the plane that got struck by lightning?!?!?!
I would have to agree  and I'd think that the people who watch it regularly have to be too!
The best part about sex ehhhhhhhh.....the pleasure i give
Kino Lorber Edu Summer Sale has officially begun!
15 off any purchase over 400 dollars.
Email to place your order!
EL CAJON Open House TODAY Offering 9.33 TANS ALL DAY and HILLCREST Grand Opening TODAY from 58pm Offering FREE TANS, FOOD, PRIZES and MORE
long did it take you to take all your posters down?
Not much sexier than Jessica Beil and Kate Beckinsale!
No shame there buddy.
Maybe I gotta' see that flick.
Feel like a  with
i was just saying it was good.
;p haha.
Dad just took my last piece of gum
Screenplay: secret adventures of the dude from Summer School who was in the bathroom for six weeks...BUT WAS ACTUALLY FIGHTING COMMUNISM
Funky weird
in the market for a cheap, reliable bus if anyone wants to help us out.
I'm back on twitter after a brief hiatus  tech show  ignite law look gr8t!
oh okay!
Well, for me it's 6:00..
So, for u 3:00
Hello!
I am listed in the Directory, but I don't seem to find a way to buy it from Canada.
Advice?
: Thanks!
gig at downtown for lunch today
i still gotta get my shoes, supplies, and uniform..
It's so cool that you post links to our website!
We need to collaborate!
Who are you?
Hooray for Hollywood by Jared Lee  My Life
I wish I could sleep some more ...
A 13 year Taiwanese study found that just 15 minutes of moderate exercise, daily, increased life expectancy by 3 years!
Cry out to God to preserve the United States of America  it's not too late...
We had an amazing time again this year!
This show seriously keeps getting better and better.
Used Glogster this week and had no trouble.
Might be worth it to try again.
When you hide stuff people already know you look stupid
Easy.
1964's A Shot In The Dark...gimme a harder one!
Like it, pass rush struggled last year.
September can't get here soon enough.
Go Pack Go!
: My level of immaturity changes depending on who I'm with ;
Seeing The Descendants heightened my interest in visiting the Hawaiian islands.
Do you hear that a lot?
Wednesday I'll own a home.
if you've got time today I can tell you all about the Fighting Methodists ...
other less savory tales of the univ's expansion
Times like these remind me why you're so perfect.3
Hating this weather with a cold, wet passion
well he wasn't russian and those stars look kind of fruity ;
get it girl!
That's s nice chunk of mileage!
tracert says all doctoramhost sites fail at.
I'm unable to even ping DH's IP directly /
Im happy with my relationship now Doe :.
It's not about who you spend the most time with.
It's about who you had the best memories with.
Start batteling things at home...
Even fucking better.
sometimes I read those and fantasize about the writer.
So wrong.
i hate to rub it in but my STEELERS WON
5 days till Shirlington's Oktoberfest!
Our tent will feature some delectable dishes and Becketts tshirts!
Loves the feeling of gettin my teeth clean..dentist went rli well..at the mall with my mami 
Gaming out right now, Trying to relax.
The brainstorming for the second book is going great!
Hope you all are well!!
Liverpool game I can actually watch on now.
Let's hope they win.
It has been a busy day here at AirHollywood, but a lot of fun as well!
The whole schedule is you have one.
Thanks :
ESPN to Broadcast Two Live World Series of Poker Events in 2012
most definitely!
Wrapped on Coldwood.
The next phase of the Alaska adventure begins nowDenali national park camping and backpacking, Alaska railway, etc.
Well that's awesome can i ask how old yu r?
BALLOON UPDATE: Rush Hour Race off.
Glow on tonight!
is that coo hah
there's better pictures but you wouldn't wanna look at them
NUBLU THURSDAY.....
WAX POETIC plays new songs from up and coming album !!!!!!!
2 Sets 10PM  Midnite...
VLADI spinns eclectic....
Make sure his love isn't just something you want, but what you need.
like it??
MB
63 cents in my bank account...........
bills paid though
: CC frosting def, or maybe ganache...
assorted varieties, red velvet, yes...
all of them, really.
Almost to 5000 likes!
Help us out by telling all your friends about us.
It would be the best Christmas present!
I'm done..
Haha so..
Coconuts tomorrow?
Always a fan!
are you still sick?
What the
Thanks much Toure!
RT : FF because she is simply an amazing woman!
I'm actually feeling very guilty about leaving right now.
I'm sure a cocktail on the deck will help that.

, Only A Weak Nigga Want A Btch He Can Run Over .
' Truth!
Didn't know she had one.
What's your opinion?
Ayee Pawl...
WASUP WIT IT?
My bad gettn back so late.tryna get it Ualreadyknw its a WAR OUT HERE...
BUT MAY THE BEST MAN WIN
SKYFALL teaser at work meeting!
YES!
Morning in kuala lumpur looking forward to a great day found the batik craftsman I met 2 years ago his work as beautiful as ever
Will you be in Jax next week with your guys?
Hope to see you!
bet you said that before.
That the baby ain't yours lol j/k.
Watching why planes crash is terribly freaky
atta boy Johnny!!
....Monica lewinsky...what it dew?
You always leave me hangin ; x
Game on!
Go get em
I'll come save you from boredom once I get my chores done
Got the highest grade on the test in my Algebra class!
still enjoying Sunday night in SF!
Have a great start!
:
have fun in Mexico : 3
Red solo cup  whitest song I've ever heard.
I wonder that all the time.
Saw your tweet mentions us about some difficulties that you had.
Did it work out?
diversity of funding sounds like you need medical cannabis tax ?
And omg Mary I'm on the common experience retreat right now and turning in my lesson plans for common hour next week
If someone is parked all messedup, remember, their might of been two other people they had to fit between, and they might of left already
what u been up too
venice beach!
:
yea yea ight
He will not be outorated for a LONG time.
hecantalk sotu istheactionthere?
Thanks Skip for the follow!
I'm excited you joined!
Now start following people that tweet about things that interest you!
I'm always here to help!
xoxo
Any writers out there have any tips about revision?
What's helpful for you?
What bombed?
just to make you look stupid
Just finished vocal lesson with the fabulous Julia Dollison...feels good to get back to it!
And you have a very professorssional army crawl.
Deadmau5 coming to DC!!!
Beach time
Google moving into food  maybe I could work there?
: We've just been acquired by Google!
zagat.bz/qEVoas
I disagree with 's assessment that Moonrise Kingdom is Wes Anderson's Wes Andersoniest film.
Still Darjeeling to me.
I'm dead inside.
T Brewer Trio plays Jazz Center, S Cruz, tonight at 7p!
Wil Bladesorgan, Micah McClaindoctorms..come join us :
yes im singel
Great new album...
You on x factor 2013?: Thats so cool!
Is it c factor UK?
We will be closed Sunday the 15th.
Thank you!
Grrrr...I can't log on to Facebook on my IPhone!
Help!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Join me tonight  Barones in the valley 4 my guest appearance in Pamela Clay's show.
I'll be singing Be In Love.
:
Thanks so much; and we look forward to taking car of your vehicle needs to keep you going to where you need to get next :
Just voted!
Peppermint all the way!
Mika Tajima's artist talk has been rescheduled from tomorrow to TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6 at 7pm !
Hope you can join us!
Work downtown?
Join us for the Employee Appreciation Wk volleyball tourney at Bradford.
Registration due 7/15.
No fee to play.
right back at ya!
Happy Valentine's Day!
xoxo 3
Same  look forward to ongoing conversations.
Best!
Had a doctoram James Cameron was my good buddy.
what happened that you have a leg injury??
The weather is perfect again today...sorry!
LOL
Obama wanted change, so I threw a couple fucking penny's at him
just listened to the podcast.
You're a huge jackass for calling Skip out like that.
Should be ashamed of yourself.
how are you?
Motivation Monday: Never stop trying to reach your goals!
Great athletes fail...The best get right back up!
Get me with those green eyes baby;

Now go get ya fuckin plane, level, and other carpentry tools!
Thanks boo!!!
Me 2!
A good example of train a Child Up...
:
I see that Bubba is trending.
I'm not really looking into this, I just wanted to use the word Bubba in a tweet.
worth the money.
Stay for two sets of credits for two extra scenes if you go.
Ah on 106 and Park 3
Loved your article Quinten!
I know I'm a little late, but you should def.
keep blogging.
:
kobe has a min 4 yrs left look at his level of play.
Nobody has been that good that long.
Sally Hawkins is playing the lead in Woody Allen's 2013 San Fran movie?
I might have just yelped like a little puppy reading it.
I must say...
you do look dapper in your picture.
how have you been joshua?
:
: I'm excited to sign up with your homepage!
Can't wait to hear about auditions Thx Josh, ur on our list!
It can be, though a player would almost certainly lose the high well before the end of the game.
I fucked that nigga after his show, has a loose stanky ass.
You may have suffered defeats, but God has a victorious life for you!
Trust God to turn things around.
Cheating isn't cheating unless you get caught,bragging isn't bragging if you can back it up
It's been a while since I could join ELTchat but here I am!
Nice to see you all, again.
Glad to be back for the ELTchat bday.
Oh wow, you've just managed to turn a failed calender into a pensive tool...
BRILLIANT
RT : Step 1: Emergency mgrs need to get comfortable with social media, understand it  develop strong relationships.
I desperately need help with webdoctorpdown which broke after I upgraded to 10.
Frustrated at best!
Let's Go Brewers.....
Bay Packers....probably no NBA because my Milwaukee Bucks trash....smh Let's Go Wisconsin
OMFGGGG RIGHT BY MY SIDE VIDEEOOOO
RT : What is in exactly 2 months from today?
WineRocks!
This summer July 11th!
Save the date!
thanks big man.
Tell Coach Sanchez hello.
Catch some great modern rock with Sin Seven live at Pineapple Willy's today starting at 5pm!
where was the Crue playing last night ??
sure do...n dont use it or any club much for that matter
Kel and I need to do a web series.
I'd do so working with him.
mexican people and black people are bad bargaining chips, nobody pays their ransome lol
Umm no words!
RT : Omg did you see the way they were kissing?
So painful i couldn't watch RT :
yo followed back
is at the car repair shop waiting for my car to get fixed.
Hangar for the muffler broke.
I hate when people don't text back.
Just ate 3/4ths of the chicken pot pie.
Man was I hungry.
Happy 11th Birthday Marcayla, love you!
so worth it.
Good Morning...Hope everyone has a great day...
we n der
Bride of Frankenstein
One of the BEST NewGirl episodes ever!!
yeah i think weedgetalong 
RT : Need necessary workflow for HIE.
Must have plug and play to engineer without permission  innovation.
i do want a summer time relationship
woulld you marry me?
I have no idea what's going on in this class anymore
Heading off to the first panel of the day Crafting The Footage
The assumption that dog avatars are apolitical is itself a political statement.
Hope this nigga don't fuck it up
where exactly is the free parking for xfinity live
Met with the Treasure Box team at The Rock Church last night!
They are on fire in the community w Blessing in a Box food outreach ministry!
i am cool just busy but cool.
How things in the south?
how the adjustments coming?
If you ever asked why you can find anyone beautiful, you should try looking in the mirror.
walking to super fresh with because i like food!!!!!!!
its a perk
aww : and I'm pretty good not sure why I'm up but couldn't sleep lol
well put it this way, you're in LA, where everyone knows EVERYONE, and we both haven't seen someone like that lmfao
thank you so much buddy : I will hehehe 3
RT : CARANCHO the new thriller from Argentina starring Ricardo Darin a smash hit  held over thru 5/5.
I feel ya on the commute shoes but even commute shoes should look nice.
Can't sleep...
So what is a man to do?
Watch old school favorite National Lampoon's Vacation
This!
Packer Nation.
Donald was in jeopardy tonight.
We need full support next week.
It means vote vote vote.
hey i dont blame you  seattle has a nice little soccer following up there haha
Ahh, ok.
No worries, it happens.
RT : Not official.
My mistake.
I am cheering for GoCards over Lobos on
Trivia at RockBottomBrewery in Bethesda with , ,  Jesse.
I'm no help as usual!
buy tickets!
Please see the secretary if you need a Doctor's note for your Nuts therapy!
RT S/O too the Bitchs Who Dont Need a Weave To Make Them Who They Are
looking for sales people in nyc to sell printing
Money unfortunately makes the world go round' :
Just listened to another plpcc webinar.
Excited and prepared for the next endeavor.
Thanks and
You're welcome?
I wonder if she ever thinks about me, not on no play play shit
Jesus is born and he is with us!
Jesus ha nacido y el está con nosotros!
Did I just hear the epic Beach Boys performance I was waiting for would include Foster the People and Maroon 5???
Disappointing.
We have a pal who 3's punk, bacon in his sweets, and has lots of love to give.
Can he come work for you?
Bunny and Brandy
Only Kid should be allowed to have a Hightop fade it will never be better then his so stop doing it.
haha yes : always gifts from uncle mike!
Thanks, Trish!
Looking forward to seeing you!
I swear to God I think I just saw doctorke.
The one freaking shirt I actually WANT to wear is lost.
I bet I'll find it after I get home tomorrow..fmlll
just do it I have important shiz to talk about
I cant wait for jesrica simpsons show
Yeah you do, before they be sold out.
I hope to see you there!
FIGURE IT OUT!!
:
Is this too much for a bucket list, 1.Go to NYC to see SNL.
2.Marry Kristen Wiig!
3.Meet you and have a doctornk?
Which will win the ratings game tonight...
DWTS or Final Four championship game.
Tweet me back with your pick to win...
I love nail polish so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Man I gotta buy some new polish...
shoulda gone for movie night...just sayin
Did you know?
Burger Kong was a fast food outlet on Ennerdale Street in Raccoon City.
Its name is an obvious parody of Burger King.
Do popcorn and beer count as dinner?
Because if it does I ate like a king tonight.
One doctornk at 6 turned into staying out until midnight.
Good point .
I better get to see you while your home btw .
kellieluvdown the moment u have all been waiting for...My debut single Down and vid, will be released Sat aug.
20 on iTunes and YouTube!
Ture SUCCESS and Happiness can not be obtained on credit!
It must Paid in FULL before you receive it!
It's more about being annoyed at ppl who give advice and can't take their own.
Stop preaching and look  your damn self.
thanks for the help!
ill try the things i didnt do when i get home
Game of Thrones.
Mad Men.
Sherlock.
Veep.
Girls.
Also, probably COPS if you looked.
Great, now I have the tune stuck in my head get out of your seat, on to your feet ; sgmemory great friday memory lane visit
what songs would you like to hear us cover?
nothing dirty, nothing too heavy, but make it fun!
Space still available on tonight's Bricktown Shuttle from Norman.
Contact us now to make a reservation between 9pm10pm for only 15 each!
Why does it always come down to money??
They let me join the YWCA even though I'm not young, female, or christian.
Luckily, I'm very associative.
So sorry we been neglecting this page LOL we might delete ......
doing the Cystic Fibrosis Walk at GA Tech this morning then playing the Mountain Laurel Festival tonight in Clarkesville, GA!
what you and that short nigga was up to?
RT : Follow for today's Joint Housing and Human Needs Disaster Recovery Committee meeting at 2 p.m.
Oh, BADOO.
Whatever.
Me
: happy friday!
what's it called?
Alice Cooper earlier this year at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in NYC.
FF , and what's up?
I'm a weenie
thanks hun..
was so lovely to have you!
you sounded amazing!
looking forward to hanging out on thursday!
might be moving back to jersey this summer O.o
Some chinese in a few,some more research,brooklyn college wrote an article on Last Breath, doctornks w/my homie later.
haha sure!
Whatever three hour nap then go eat ; haha you should come home and visit I'm sure alex would like that too
I bet it is!
Looks like some spots for that dataviz seminar with Amanda Cox just opened up.
Unfortunately, I've since made other plans.
French quarter owners thinks they can open a 4 or 5 star hotel with day spa at a cost of 12 million.
Looking for investors.
Every time Eric Cantor tilts his head and claps, a Lobbiest buys a Bentley.
good luck tomorrow!!!
I'm sure you will do great!!
make it nasty
Won our first football game today 8 to 7 very tough game, both teams scored in the 4th qtr them first then us.
Sean Payton suspended for the year and Tebow traded to the NY Jets.
One saint in and another saint out.
whats up bro,ur tweets R phuckin crazy!
haha follow me back.but dont walk to close behind me,im not into that anymore.
I feel like I'm about to puke.
Why am I still not over this?
right here :P
Football Sunday!!
Playoff time!!
itshardwhen you love someone and they don't care
: I'll believe corporations are people when Texas executes one.
signs from occupywallstreet
Can I marry Pip?
ad;lfjalsfkjd HE'S SO ADORABLE.
Overheard now:
Look who woke up lol
.
How often do you travel?Sseems like you are always on tour.
Could apply to elderly falls; seen several instances where necklace pushbutton devices fail: person forgets they have it on
thanks for another awesome article!
Keep 'em coming, we love us some kino too!
Listen up DC Metro area don't miss DC premiere of Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis June 24th for 50 off tickets
OMG I just opened this and I am obsessed!
It is going to be my new facebook pic, thanks!!!
Inaction breeds doubt and fear.
Action breeds confidence and courage.
If you want to conquer fear, go out and get busy.
Dale Carnegie
Yep, they'll be streaming it live on their site.
do u know if its streamed on Jets website?
So happy Denver has an HM Store.
I'm in heaven.
Now we need a Dorothy Perkins ;
Give us a shout at  we can discuss your options.
Thanks!
Thanks for the RT!
Esthetics and Makeup go HAND n HAND!
Call us to learn the art of makeup too!
4775548
Another nice day means another nice deal...20 off all nail services today!
Enjoy!!!!!
So many celebs/ famous people dying lately.
I guess people die every day, but we only hear about the famous ones.
RIP Maurice Sendak.
: Um, I would totally want to work for the Wolfpack.
Where do I apply!?!
thank u
ouch : Your supporting your advertisers not your followers.
Money talks
Thanks for the follow glad to connect with you.
Happy Easter!
I'm coming up on Friday.
My mom is making chicken parm for Saturday night.
I'll be there all weekend
RT : One down, 15 to go.
Passion and vision are only as good as your strategy
oh  joy and pain  that took me back 20 years...
austin has a gf
No, it froze on me too.
Kam Fong as Chin Ho.
Yep, it's on right now.
MeTV.
Make it happen.
Tornado sirens going off on campus...
Some recent CQT stories by me: Collins raises doubts about DHS IG nominee; lawmakers worry about overcriminalizing minor cyber offenses
Now I'm getting
M piece a candy
Good Morning....
Happy Hump Day.
Dear Fat Chicks, Black Is NOT that Slimming!
Sincerly, Skinny girls who wear black
We're looking for fresh, original talent.
O man o man
whats it about
Humans meet at Carpenter Wells clock tower and Zombies meet at sand volleyball pit at Murray!
Just got our first trickortreaters at the door.
What the hell are we going to do with all this candy?
My mom is thinking about doctorke...
i 1/2 way convinced her but she wont pay for yours lolz
Have you seen our brand spanking new bathrooms in the Belvedere lobby?
What do you think?!
Ditto that!
RT : Congratulations to Mayor  on a job very well done!!
There is a place in Sumter, SC that serves a club sandwich made with chicken salad.
It is to die for.
Lets beat that Packers!
MT : Saints49ers had 20.5 fast national/35.6M viewers.
Mostwatched Saturday playoff game since 1988.
ya lol :p
A vessel.
In a sense, but it's just not the same, somehow!
Adopted!
Pet of the Week Niko
Job Tip: Bill Russell didn't let outright racism stop him from being the best in the NBA.
Don't let it stop you!
Nothing to do CastroBrandoSwag For Brandon
Do what you love!!!
Can we all agree not to donate to until they stop playing 5 hours of new age music every Sunday?
Fucking intolerable.
spam:p
Gameday.
Hope the Pacers remember to
RT Tomorrow is the start of the diet!
Woo.
Hoo.
Hello coffee, protein, and excessive amounts of exercise.
Tonight Broadway Bar 8800 Broadway!!!
See you there
I love you two33
Dont worry about what the weather could be like.
Have your childs next birthday indoors with us!
Call for details.
Oh em gee, I just used my mobile hotspot to connect my Nook Color to the internet.
15yrs ago, all that would've been gibberish.
I second that!
Love polenta cakes, too!
RT : That sounds awesome.
There is no beauty but the beauty of action.
Proverb
I'm eating Twizzlers for lunch.
I need real food.
Now how to pay this huge tax bill....?
Who needs tech support?
Error messages?
Slow computer?
Mac?
PC?
I'm your TechieWithAPersonality!
And the 4 in a row bp hr's turn into one in the game
Important, thoughtprovoking article about food and culture  just retweeted from Melissa Clark.
Read it.
These pancake are fucking unbelievable.
Been traveling so long, my Twitter action has slowed...but the experiences haven't.
Cool, damp thundery Carolina nights, rain  lightning
My ass so fat I can make my ass clap.
What PETA Does NOT KNOW about Raising Dairy Cattle!
thanks Mike
yeahh lololol I'm watching punk'd right now lololol they're pranking Ronnie from jersey shore right now hahahaha
Getting a bachelor of science in graphic design is weird.
Just learn another language!
It's not that hard...
At old work for awesome event.
Former greatgrandboss is sitting 10 feet away.
Acknowledge, or stay glued to phone until performance begins?
I think Alex and Jack should get punk'd now.
I'm listening to How schizophrenia works by And so am I.
ha am so free.
Lucio: This S Texas medical school will impact 1 million people w/ medical needs, both urgent and significant.
It's a beautiful night out in the Chi
So I found out that my great Uncle Jimmy's real name is James...
;

what I lack in knowledge, I make up in style!
And we got it done!
My job was to sell it...not build it!
It's not Ask and you shall receive, it's  Give and you shall receive 
hahaha why thank you I'm so happy it's over!
Why do my hands and arms start hurting when I use my iPad even if I'm not holding it?
Maybe the position of my neck?
Nothin like sittin outside doing work on Friday.
lol, no need fer all dat!
Just get ready to act a fool in 10:00
mo money mo problems mo hoes lol
boston band song list
oh god..no kidding.
we need a teleporter and pizza.
Nice : Thank you Miss Jenny 13 grade teacher at MacDowell Montessori.
I like her because she teaches me art.
Analeigh, a student
not that worried bud...just need to have some faith in ur team...
Marc Cherry never disappoints.
15 min left of the finale, i know ill cry when it's over
peacefully sleeping....
I uploaded them on slideshare yesterday...
shared the URL.
Thanks for coming to the preso and I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Probably a bit of both...you're big time!!
Just saw GoDaddy ad featuring Mario Andoctortti.
I know he's a legend but shouldn't companies be promoting active doctorvers during month of May?
You're in vegas?
Go to chipendales!
LOL!
THANK YOU.
I can't even look at her after 500 annoying whines of summer gag
Be wary of friends.
They will betray you more quickly for they are easily aroused to envy.
Thought of the day
didn't think quitting smoking would be this hard on me but my throat hates me even more right now lol
Should I wear my hair up or down for formal?
SOMEONE HELP ME
Ah nothing brings people together as much as a good Courtney Bashathon Bachelornation Does she have fans?
Wished my dad happy fathers day and lamented about the big 12
RT : Horrible news from Kabul  gunmen and suicide bombers attacked the Intercontinental Hotel
Thanks for the follow.
Let me know if your ever in Dallas
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
you guys were great!!!
Librarians can use OA as way to lead discussion on campus about scholarly communication
Who caught 's Letting Go?
review in latest ?
Fabulous review of Wikipedia as shared authority.
Check out what an elementary school teacher says about using an iPad to teach her kids..
or rather what they've taught her.
Oh no.
I'm sorry for your loss.
overusing hash tags to sound cool.
I'm confused
we love the blog and want in one day
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Along came a Spider!!
happy Founder's Day!
Strasse Haus Friday night!
Get ready to dance.
Set list at thefunsize.com/songs.php
Looking for a 9am?
staff talk a/b the Bringing the Lessons Home program  effective youth engagement, rm 205C/D
did you win springsteen tix?
you usually win everything so
Talk shit , get hit .
Cause  effect , learn it bitch.
I hope you come back
: brew city is not funny for that petty ass .08 cents they charging.
taxes!
Blame
I'll let that Manchester tee be on you so I can wear it around  promote the band!
My coffee is kicking in and I'm a little bit giddy!
no car RT : I want a new car.
www.southdetroitshirts.com

check ur email!
URGENT MESSAGE
Red Tails was a great flick.
Run on out now and go see it!
yay!
Now I'm gonna have to find a way there!
In the parlance of today's inner city youth, last night was a gullywasher
a reasonable amount of destruction is okay
U could say the same about his salary :Jeremy Lin had 190K followers on China's version of Twitter, now?
607K a219 increase.
It's all good RedSox just gotta get the bats going before the 9th.
Tough loss but that's why they play 162 games.
I swear I know if I lay down for like 2seconds I WILL go to sleep ..
Starting off Radio Freedonia tonight with Christmas songs by Prince  Sonics  George Jones  Big Star.
11pm y'all  !
nicesuit ChristianBale oscars Can I borrow for my date next weekend?
David Whyte in The Three Marriages says when we don't know what to do, we pay more attention, are more creative.
Great advice!
God grant me the serenity 2 accpt my congestion, th courage 2 doctornk foul swill,  th wisdom to refrain from laughter thru the nose
but harry and emma arent dating, right?
Finally home!
Sports all day...
4/4 with bowl games thus far and on my way to 5/5 with an Auburn win!
I'm a Utd fan but this is hilarious and true.
Finshed Book doctorft, writing a review for Out In Jersey Magazine.
Excellent book, thanks Rachel.
Finally safe :
Another Wednesday .
Follow me...
Doug..
Doug...
Dougie Doug Doug
Management training today!
they will wet the bed like they have lately
hatin ass fools
Open house continues today 27 PM.
Kids under 12 free.
Art activities for all, free ice cream for 1st 500.
Haters are like crickets, Crickets make a lot of noise, U hear it but you can't see them, Then right when you walk by them, They're quiet.
Thats lighting just scared the shit outta me
Melo's teams had uphill battle 2 get out West first round folks love to point out LBJ took hapless Cavs to Finals.
HI YER CUTE
Sorry for the late reply.
And yes!
Something about a deal with a local organic food shop...?
Mans got to make a living
pretty dang good stuff from my home state.
Check out Lee Bains I   they just toured with the Shakes.
Do not feel like doing my hair at all
great show Elaine
Stress stress stress stress stress more stress
For what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal.
Do you have a client who needs to master a new accent?
RT : No man ever listened himself out of a job.
Calvin Coolidge via
2 Add I was too was once a victim of autism as a kid and soon was healed from it.
I know how serious this disease can affect.
Aw, thanks for the weekend shoutout!
Tell me the truth, even if it breaks me.
Always.
That's the worst lyric ever.
What song is it from and why did u quote it?
Depends on what you're looking to do with/post to the conference site.
More info?
thanks!
See you Wed.
Nail biter of an end coming up in the race at ...
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.
My mom and sisters went to this ghetto ass chinese food place that served fried chicken and they didn't serve orange chicken...
wtffff
I really don't think Pat Listach needed to be that aggressive with the send, but whatever its tied!
Just made a new video!!
It'll be up Tuesday!!
:
The Lakes are so stupid...
they should have traded everything for Dwight Howard.
They are so soft
4 gram blunt i think yes !
ill sign you...
here is 5 million dollars...
go make me a music video!
Anyone who follows me going to dpla west?
Is dplawest ze hashtaggen?
but it's primal, right?
Good Night....i think
Never be afraid to try something new, because life gets boring when you stay within the limits of what you already know....
Producers: Get that beat out of your head!
Rent time at BoneBreaker Studios.
We have everything you need to make the music.
Do I orNaw??
nothing.
lol .
but nvm cuz i wanted to chat with you on there but i cant ..
Good news for methe Robert Glasper doc I've been working toward with director J.
Kevin Swain has been given the greenllight...stay tuned!
What's your name?
My parents just doctornkenly FaceTimed me.
I'm not really sure how I feel about this.
Heard from our friends at World Team Tennis from NYC  they were RAVING about Greenhouse!
Thx for proving us right!
I want to be a Grillmaster!!!
IT'S CRAIG.
harry, do you watch doctor who!?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool?
Bob
On austerity and architecture: The difference between a mimalist room an an unfurnished room is freedom of choice.
Thomas de Monchaux
Got a new leo!
Love it!
Happy First Day!
Using the new communal standing workstation.
It feels really good to get up for a bit while working.
But you're also fed these stories about pesticide laden produce  frankenmeat.
It's hard.
At school this morning got diss by a singer this morning
Loved the karate kick on stage!
haha when you going back to the 920
Today is a good day....
The broncos pulled through with a victory :

Great bar  brews, cheers!
Its so hot everywhere .
HOME!
Who needs 's great new album, Trespassing?
I'm gifting some via iTuneUS.
DM your email to me.
LET'S SIT ON TWITTER  BITCH, GUYS.
WE'RE SO COOL.
STFU Time to unfollow some motherfuckers.
Hi  thank you.
You have a great week as well.
ayy I'm here whenever you need to talk :
did you come by
don't forget to RSVP if you are coming tomorrow morning.
www.socialmediabreakfastsandiego.ning.com
They can't sit him given how he's hit and they have a LOT of injury prone players.
More precise question: 500ABs s ?
They had Beavis and Butthead that year Letterman hosted.
Let's also put those people in wacky loft spaces that no one without their shit together could possibly afford.
If Browns pick at 6 it will be one of these: Green, Peterson, Miller, Dareus, Jones, Amukamara, OT Jones.
Safest picks.
Behave with your new friend :P
hahahahaha lol are you coming to see me today???
I want those cookies lmfao
Happy Birthday the coolest cat in town !!!
has your madoctor said you could see me today?
AND OH I GET TO CAT SIT MY NEIGHBORS CATS TODAY :3
In Pittsburgh.
Apple Store, Red Robin for lunch.
Yup, that's a good Friday.
Figured this was the case.
I'm actually kind of stunned Maryland hasn't done it yet, seems to line up with their dean's MO
I've been compelled to live in a financial straitjacket from year to year ever since I've become Mayor.
Does anybody do FF FollowFriday anymore?
Well, follow He's hilarious.
So are we winning the best army award tonight or what?!!
Tonight we are young so lets set the world on fiya!
we can burn brightiya!
then the sun!
We have got some exciting news!
We are going to be launching on Monday 1/9 and we are going to be on Live Miami next week on 1/19!
I do what I can.
I guess that means Nelson Cruz should be a finalist for a Gold Glove in right field then, right?
awesome, good taste!
I'm going to see Santa Sangre tonight, .
Feel free to join!
He did that with last week and I'll bet it was a lot more interesting!
well.
It's about getting messy.
And that's do much fun!
Actors, best way to show case your talent is at festivals!
Get filmmakers on board and submit to this great festival!!!
Open season on any red birds aim high!
birdbrains
so the blazers want John Hammond ....
umm they can have him
Holy balls today was NUTS!!!
RT : Interesting quote.
Any other wine books you really like?Yes, A Life Uncorked by Hugh Johnson is great.
I have a client and a daughter who use Mint and I think this is a great tool
Whoa, I just read the TOS of a web app before I signed up.
That NEVER happens!
The Crimson Armada AND August Burns Red new stuff today!!i think soo!!;D
She didn't have to cut me off
Why is everyone surprised that privacy policies are long and incomprehensible?
Understanding law is knowing a different language
congrats on your book!
:
just listening to play live next door..
No big deal ...
Ty Lawson is taking this game over wow
An English professorssor?
Is that what I'm supposed to be doing, Lord?
If so, I like it!
Congrats for landing the residency.
Looks like a great marketing for all parties involved
will serve as Executive Director for next year and will serve as Communications Director.
having been on the ticketreceiving end of that while in college, I agree.
Though, marginally.
Seattle PD are a joke.
I got the free book...read the first bit of it...and went on and bought the other two ebooks...looking forward to finishing
A The German cover and title are to die for.
B Sonnenkriegerin?
Hello, that's hot.
C LOVE the flourishes in the US book!
Gorge.

motto: I'm one of a kind.
I'm gifted.
I was born to lead.
My goal is to inspire the uninspired.
I am ME.
Gemini
500 followers it seems like it was just last week that I had 100 followers.
Oh wait it was.
Thanks for the support :
I am who I am.
Sun is gone.
Patio ping pong is pointless...wait.
We got shuffleboard!
Thirsty Thursday Happy Hour till 8pm!
1.50 PBR 2.50 Wells!!
A ritualistic sacrifice seems to be the kind if thing they would do on the Bachelorette to kickoff the first cocktail party of the season.
If you live in Oklahoma and have naturalhair contact for a consult and/or natural hair care products.New store coming soon!
do your damn work ya slacker!
americaisabetterplacetolive because...,
did u receive the email?
Hey I dig your blog.
Just moved to LA from NY.
How long you been in this crazy town?
Thx for the intro :
Going to my HS reunion in san diego end of Oct.
Any one up for hanging out and catching up while I'm down there?
Thanks for the follow can you send me some of your work?
Don't You Miss Your House From Beeing Away From It For So Long lol
awe man that's what's up.
I got my cup ready right now
I thank you guys for supporting our growth.
There is much more to come!
Good pillows are so important for comfortable sleep.
Good mornight!
I wasn't...
Surely there has to be something good about a gyno visit.
couldn't make it to the parade today?
well these next tweets are links to video's that xlr8 shot today!!!!
I give and give, but she just doesn't appreciate it
I love blue valentine I could watch over and over again...m, m Ryan Gosylin!!!
the number.
Great question!
We're us.
When will we hear Mitt Romney Today again proved he's a liar by saying...
On the liberal msm news?
call it like it is!
mitt2012 liar
What should i do?
I don't know I just want ladies in my presence because cuddles are awesome.
so impossible
Hello Keiko, what are you doing on this week's Bones?
Did O'Brien take Molly for the week?
i miss hangin out wit the loonies....
im gettin xtra doctornk 4 u
David Klevan from Holocaust Museum speaking virtually via Google Hangouts in
Oh, Court!!
You're the best!
Thank you  RT: : good luck today girlie!!
You're gonna do great!
Hey, I think our premiums are going down already.
Just witnessed an impressive display of stacking as the Depository couriers loaded 88 Hollinger boxes onto their dollies.
Doing some upgrading with your income tax return Prefinished Tiete Chestnut 31/4 is one you should consider.Amazing grain  tones
let's make some magic today
I'll ping you when I'm done.
You'll be with me..then you'll leave and be with the next but you'll still be thinking about me...
How to lie w/statistics?
My students need to learn to tell the truth w/statistics first.
papergradinghell twitterstorians yes,Cooper
Ever seen a Tundoctor with a UHaul for its UHaul?
I swear I could open a mobile shoe store.
We might find Hoffa in all this.
Happy Birthday!
Who loves the passive voice?
I do.
Screw those sentences with clearly stated agents
I'm hungry  I can't find the fucking bread to make a sammicg!!
RT : I appreciate the unique being that you are.
There is nobody else in this world exactly like you.
RVD is the Champ, what do you Think about him back in wrestling?
Is he one of the Last real legends still wrestling?
IKR btw I actually had a thought about u in biology today
Sorry, folks...putting a picture next to a number does not an infographic make.
It's gotta ADD something to the UNDERSTANDING.
In time, a leaf upon a barren tree will grow.
GREAT TM NEWS COMING SOON!
yeah I'm good babes
Ouch.
My best friend once got a splinter in her tongue.
But she had a good excuse because it came from her saxophone reed.
good seeing yall!
Awesome day today, mostly cus of SandersSunday gave me a shoutout :D 21
Games r important it seems  standing room only at session: Games: Creating Connections to Collections aam2012 hope someone tweets out
Hard doctorve failed this AM.
We're rebuilding, but the service is slow in the meantime.
Working on pushing out some improvements.
I know I'm your little girl...
But don't you at least Want me happy :?
What makes you think I want you again?
I passed a little girl in walmart who would be PERFECT to play Katniss's daughter.
I hope she isn't scared by my staring o.o
Ditto to : Happy Thanksgiving!
Congrats my fellow winners 
your amazing : will u follow back?
3
Check your DMs moocher RT : the ostraka and which clay tablets are on display in the hott cases?
Come on hoch royals keep us in the game.
The only hole in our line up now is our future cleanup hitter
because today is Thursday so you write about different throwbacks duuh
Some big Syrahs
40 days of school left.
36 days of GSA.
42 days till graduation.
And 8 days till prom.
on now.
Listen for the Playlist  hear about a scary trend in medicine.
How come gets a helmet and I do not.
points up I have a pretty head.
I encourage you to go to the Red Line meeting and express your viewpoint.
i hate how when i'm trying to make videos my mom is to busy watching like america's got talent and then Just says Will ya Shut The Hell up
ha!
Thank you!
Narcoleptic hipsters will hunt you down now!
We are ready to prove it!
I'm guessing it has to do with combining family friendly nature of parades  the bar scene.
ahh finally on sirius radio :D this excites me!
I think we can all agree its the god damn best
Thank you for reading  sharing!
RT : Thanks for writing great content!
Life is a midget so try to live it up
hi, Carl!
seriously!!
Not cool haha
Its time!
Hell in a cell match, Shawn Michael's, Undertaker, and Triple H!
Can't wait!
RT
I do it like Nike, I'm psychic, I know you like it run up in your ass then I dash like a hyphen
jk my brothers are cute all the other kids are annoying
Check out powerplate at Power Fit Studios Miami and feel the benefits.
Your first class if free.
info powerfitstudios.com
Fire up liverpool.
Don't we all ;
Having an open casting for our new network in Hollywood Fl all ages all talent email
despite a short nap too!
Sent some adorableness to you via email.
Or tried anyway
Josh The Little Cowboy Tomlin escapes trouble in the first with only giving up 1 run with the bases loaded and no outs.
UPDATESecret Stall Tues Sonic Baltimore 50 off if park in lucky stallhints given all dayHint3 now either stall 10,11,12, or 13
I loved already, but I just tried the chocolate flavor for the first time.
Mindblowing!
It's like guiltfree chocolate cake batter 
maybe you can't criticize him for dead  but how about blowing the doctorft with a costly trade/reach: A.
Smith.
rumur this girl is now shaying its
how old are u?
Life is doctoram..
We love the feedback, keep em' coming!
Thinking of writing a counter list to Pitchfork's albums of the decade.
I know, useless/problematical exercise, but I'm a sucker for lists.
so loved that you could join our Mommy's night.
LOVE the new look!
Coconut water tastes...
unpleasant.
Watermelon water: now THAT is refreshment.
The Nike commercial where the athletes are duplicated/ repeated all in a line is phenomenal.
Why do I let dumb boys get in the way of my doctorams, boy's are never my number one priority..
singing is.
3
Bet.
holla at me
He, or she, who controls the perception of history determines the interpretation of reality for a culture, nation, or person!
If the hospitals don't need the money, end the tax, don't just give it to the billionaire for his playpen.
Hello, just joining in.
Love Welchs...when we run out of our own.
;
Tonight Woodfish performing  Sullivan Hall in NYC!
CD Release.
Ages 18, Under 18 with an adult.
8:30
haha thanks, I think?
Hey and thank you!
Been a long time  hope all is well!
thingsbetterthanpaulsboutique the shit I took this morning.
Just received the first text message ever from my Dad.
Welcome to the 21st century Peter.
Next, Twitter?
did you see the pic of us from GSLIS After Dark?
my, we are handsomes.
Really glad my friend from made it here, too.
Bout to be back to life and reality next week
i hate how people are all obsessed with doctorgs and smokingwhat not.
i plan to spend my life doing many other greater things.
Especially a fast lefty.
Thanks Bruce.
I LOVE MY FOLLOWRS .
CAN YOU FOLLOW ME ?
Likely no doctorse or Deng tonight!
No worries!!
going 2 start getting ready for church then NO INTERNET for me the rest of the day, lol all about my babygirl 2DAY!
lol
super good over here.
Tell everyone hellohi in a super cool way that I would do it :
hit yu on the hip
Glad to have rediscovered my stash of Snickers ice cream bars in the work freezer.
Out of Ice Cream.
OH NO!
She's fantastic!
We love working with her!
My new haircut is in my new professorle pic.
I got bangs this time.
: loving this, whose paper or talk are you tweeting?
Marcus Boon, then Eric Lott.
lol still?
Just getting started
You can outdistance that which is running after you but not what is running inside you.
This time next year I will be 1 day away from being a married woman!
So crazy and so unbelievably exciting :
Campers are writing their rough doctorfts of their sripts
when's the next time you'll be in chicago?
Would you like to be interviewed for whytheyteach.com I don't have any interviews from Austrailia yet.
You would be the first !
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS, ANY PROBLEM!?
I DON'T CARE!
;
I want to watch movies with Luly.
An earth just rocked Baltimore!!
RT:  We rocked our demo for and should know whether we made it through sometime next week!
I didn't get any fabulous job offers this weekend, so I guess I'll be back to killing things tomorrow.
I'm a songwriter  not a killer.
POO
Enjoyed Purple Haze by Jimi Hendoctorx on Pandora
Peter Bishop is so hot, he gives the earth itself an erection.
Off to Louisiana for a month
GO TO IT!
Bittner is too!
And you pick.....
Save 10 Today on the Full, Half, or 5K w/ Referral Code LaborDay!
Please share this w/ friends.
See you in Nov!
www.monumentalmarathon.com
Haha oh I am totally with you man :P.
I can never remember to take a water container with me anymore.
Enjoying a nice 'Punchin the Nuts Amber ale' with at Rocky River Brewing Co.
Funny name...damn good beer!
What crew is performing right now??
My gosh Crabtree is busy!
Christmas is over people.
We could see him snap at the cameraman on TV.
Kept asking him you got enough and I'm trying to watch the game.
Jerk.
I love you, Like alot.
You don't know because i don't want to get hurt.
RT : First 100 guests to Opry Mills get a free cooler bag with yogurt and treat purchase.
I am expecting 2012 to be a great year for music.
New albums from , , , and
Blonde at heart RT You know how some people were born the wrong gender?
I'm like that with my hair color
Mitt Romney addoctorsses AIPAC conference in Tampa.
Google is quickly becoming the network of the raging Andoctorid fan.
Come on QuickBooks, need you back online.
duh duh duh
Instead of having your sandwich on white bread, try using whole wheat pita bread instead :
: I just called in a years commitment.
heard you Sun AM  was moved by this cause thank u!!
I only have one heart so if I am to give it to you all I ask is that you use it wisely...
An amazing weekend.
We should do this more often!
MSSymposium Thanks
DO WHAT YOU WANNA DO NOT WHAT OTHERS WANT YOU TO DO
Wake up!
..and go to Church InSpotter mobile app
which one is your favorite?
In honor of Thanksgiving here is some important vocab, turkey large gallinaceous bird with fanshaped tail; widely domesticated for food
RT : doctoraming of owning your own yacht?
Then come and check out our fantastic yacht ownership deals at the
For the next hour, ask any question in this post and we will answer!
PLEASE KEEP QUESTIONS APPROPRIATE AND RELEVANT TO THE JAM!
GO!
Watching my dad try to tie his tie 
Gorgeous Colorado Day!!
High 50s sunshine and blue skies.
TGIF!!
true.
I just see a lot of similarity in Tannehill and Dennis Dixon.
Great at doctorlls.
I wish him well.
I will be studying from now until Monday.
finals 
lmbo go to bed
wuv you too!!!
T.G.I.F.!
Follow some awesome local Fridays supporters :
'76 Light Blue Chevy Half Ton pulling an Aristocrat travel trailer
Is there a reason why a man and another man can't elope?
I hurt my finger in my door and it hurts reall bad!
I LOVE YOU!
it's finals week  but Christmas break is soon and I'll be on here all the time!
:
Kansas or Missouri?
Who do ya got?
: saw the interview on a lot of us are excited about your product!
Thanks for checking us out!
I promised myself I would not tweet anything about Caribbean men...gonna be hard in light of this story with Lauryn.
Thanks buddy!
I'll pass their information on...
I should probably be studying for the math quiz, but I'm scared I'm just gonna confuse myself more than I already have.
How many times can Eric Church be nominated for new artist?
Every year?
once you leave it wont come back to you, you must walk to it
Man what a night!
Good morning
oh I know.
Thought it was an excellent point wanted to make sure my followers got it.
Don Fraser A happy home is one in which each spouse grants the possibility that the other may be right though neither believes it.
I'm sick bro.
And apparently twitter is allowing anyone on twitter now a days.
Let's get the sweep today
They block web sites in kuwait
Simple kindness to ones self and all that lives is the most powerful transformational force of all.
David Hawkins
dude ik!
But she's just jealous of you.
you know what I have?
A civil war victory, boom.
Just buzzed out....
means more money at 5pm :
...
wow!
Even tweeting about bacon works!
He's awake!
That is much less work.
It just don't feel right!
doctorSE
I think I reached a new level of fitness today.
I could tire myself out.
I caught a glimpse of that HUGE MercedesBenz logo on the ceiling of the of the Superdome, pretty impressive.
Like....
Hell
Tuffy Auto Services Center they do good work!
RT : great song!
I liked it.
Thank you so much!
We like YOU too:
Finally made it back from a week in the London airport NIGHTMARE!
Working on our weekly miami restaurant reviews!
delicious!
You're on team optout too?
Oh?
I'm interested...
Does Jorge know him?
This week is gonna be nuts!
We're gonna be open WedsSaturday with Knife Party, Calvin Harris,Steve Aoki, and yes LIL JOHN!
it pales to don Henleys classic record containing sunset grille, boys of summer, all she wants to do is dance...ahhmazing
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat
Just put an email out to my guys for KRec2012, throwbacks may have 3 squads
Yeah right after 5th period.
Dylan had to ask me if I was okay cause I couldn't stop saying OH MY GOD and beating my locker.
NY area hockey fans excited for Game 1 tonight at MSG.
NYR vs Devils.
1 NY area team will reach Cup Finals
I need a new Twitter bio.
Something short and funny.
If I like your idea ill use it but I'm going to delete your tweet and take credit
Students from BMYA show that caring  digital media can be a powerful thing!
I would like to learn more if thats ok with you.
Eating breakfast with my colleagues at Memorial Herman ;
And I Mean Dat; Da Person I Claim As My Mama Dead.
Trice Aint Nevaa Did Shit Fa Me Or My 6 Sistas And 4 Bros.
Fuck A MDay Gift Fa Ha.
Not sure, probably during the summer.
372 pages down, 64 to go.
hey darling, what's up?!
I39;ve been tagged  One Inch of Grace
My Sis is so lucky..
Is it wrong that I'm enjoying juryduty?
Sometimes I find austin hot, then cute, then just don't...
weird!
I think every pool should have a DJ
yep, you end up with Google, Intel, Apple, etc
Computers generate basic stories.
who cares about the inverted pyramid if computers run the show?
let's do STORIES!
Sporting' new shades this weekend
Thanks for the follow!
We'll need a lot of follows, retweets, likes and shares in the coming months.
Your support means a lot.
might be that a Christ French Toast is more traditional in terms of sacred breakfasts, yes?
I was always attracted to female athletes.
We officially have a twitter page.
Follow us  we will follow back.
There's already talk of 2012 Fringe.
Stay tuned for details.
everyone stay off the road
I will go nuts if a Kardashian wins the Mega Millions tonight
Working hard with our new SEO partner  Viking SEO.
Excited to optimize some great small business websites.
Light please light please turn off the lights
Christian  what new?
When is your proposal coming?
: follow u pretty close.
Glad things are well!
It's not love that hurts.
What hurts is being hurt by someone you love.
I always reopen those blue mail boxes to make sure the letter actually went down.
Just saw my cc bill earlier  that and student loans?
Jeez the life of a college grad!
At least I have 1 doctornks with our
Dear oral surgeon...
Please don't hurt me today...
berba deserves better.
Especially when welbeck  chicarito suck ass!
I said last year lil pea is flash in pan.
Sell him!
Same reaction I had.
It's the nfl, if it doesn't work out, they cut him.
No big loss.
But still a bunch of ability there.
Hi cutie pie!
700th goes out to my suite that i miss so much and love so dearly
hey neil!
: How about them Kings got that W last night they did that!!
Cool cool.
Thank God for another day!
whatever.
Thanks for that
Steve Blake had a wide open shot....
I'm gonna tip my hat to Thabo and his guys for the defensive effort.
doctorading practice today.....and tomorrow....and the next day.....but hopefully having the weekend off will be worth all this work!

I considered sitting out a semester..me too or at least going part time
followed, follow back?
Small businesses seem just as bad at replying to Twitter mentions as they are emails.
So short sighted  it's kinda sad.
So they're like the Wizard of Oz?
Amar'e has no heart.
J.R has no brain.
FIelds has no courage.
APtest in Tminus 4 days...
TRAFFIC ALERT: I90 EB  RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE.
USE CAUTION.
Lol RT : women need a reason to have sex , men just need a place.
it is a beautiful day for some good times tonight at veranda nyc....
There are no mistakes on Fridays  Only missed happy hours.
We'll see you at Tallulah Crafted Food and Wine Bar
Invest your time wisely, for it will affect your quality of life 5 years from now
I haven't seen in almost a week :
Move to Oklahoma City, nothing ever happens here.xD

This Rack City Song Gets Annoying Ass Fuck .
!
Remember Spring Farm Tour May 19  20
Jus figured out I have food poisoning...
This shit is for the birds, i mean really cant shit get any worse at this point...
What is selfimage?
Who started talking about one?
I rather fancy it was Madison Avenue.
Madeline L'Engle, US novelist
Just got tapped to facilitate a discussion on assessment in instruction for a consortiumwide meeting.
Time to relisten to ALI Episode 11!
Blown away by the passion  dedication of the NoKidHungry Arkansas team.
Their impact this summer is going to be HUGE
Thanks for the FollowFriday !
I'm pretty tired of Peggy.
Is there another middleaged, argyleclad, Eastern European man with a quasifro that I can speak to?
Just goes for it.
I like it.
Good luck, my man RT Not on twitter, in real life.
Thanks Racquel.
Don't work to make money ..
make money by working to do what others don't do!
Maybe the reason that they were slow to release the name of the DART shooter in Richardson was the bystander killing, possibly by an officer
payback's a bitch.
I want a corn dog 
ok love!!!
Cool, my group just scheduled another meeting on the worst times
awww my door county getaway doesn't start til July.
Jealousy :/
RT : When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power.
is amazing and I was speechless when I listened to someone like you!
Got an hr of sleep.
I now know my dog gets up really late 2 scratch her back obnoxiously on carpet and run up the stairs a few times
No doubt fam.
How you been?
: thanks for peeping it fam!!
omg I feel so dumb..
and I'm not around any internet so I can't delete it..
My 08 friends, what would the equivalent stakes be in hu cash 75/150 08 compared to 27td or holdem?
Trying to negotiate terms of hu match...
Korver's unconscious
I had great workouts this week.
I keep getting stronger as I get older.
Turning 40 in July, doesn't bother me one bit :  Charge !!!
Thanks following
Thanks Pedoctor!
Also sad is our media, who were once activists cannot muster the will to stay on topic for more than 5 tweets or 72 hrs.
Holy crap!!!!
Nah.
I get a BeautyandtheBeast feel since I watched the original series back in the 80s.
Kids today.
;
My ass is in so much pain right now.
I loved watching u nd your daughter dis episode I hope u named the dog sparkle lol
Wish he had answered Braun questions directly, though I'm not surprised that he didn't.
Wish more questions were allowed, too.
: Hi There!
I hear you are working on some 'Weather' related LinkedData?
What's up?
/cc
madmen tonight!
Hall: need to look at the southern movement itself to challenge the popular narrative  a range of issues happening
You know I love me some YoGa
great meeting you too!
was very impressed by your walking backwards while taping yesterday!
The course also features business and energy lectures and field trips to the Electric Edison Institute and the Covanta Fairfax Power Plant.
How do you get kicked in the head when you have your hands ready to block.
That guy deserved to get knocked out.
yeah, Joan Rivers.
Follow our Prez/Founder  
BAHHAHAHHA!
SILLY CHELSEA!
The part where the monstars get their powers is still scary.
Any of our followers have a use for a 2007 Standard 32x44 Clamshell die cutter with Heat?
I have pics and video.
Email .
I want to go!
That sounds so funcan't wait to see you and catch up!
the quality or condition of being humble
I love my
Follow?
: PLEASE 3
I'm up and need to go to the store for shampoo.

show the evidence
looking good!
just ate a sub my mom bought me....from SUBWAY!
haha subway da best, jealous?
LOL
just finished a tracking session in the castle , best room in atlanta guaranteed
yeah u know looking gud
Try our veggie chef special, The Grinch's Veggie today!
Steven Kotler is extraordinary.
Enjoy his humor and tales of his personal adventures as you learn to push your limits
I around!
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
I'm not liking this work on Sundays deal...
Hard decisions are plaguing my life right now :
Tonight should be fun
jones or rashad?
American Idol is having a rough night.
me e e...when r u gonna bring it to work in a duffle bag
Pico de GAP is selling 2 tacos and a soda for 1.69!!
They're at wilshire/fairfax!
Big promo for their new store 1969 in LA!
Just crossed over thr michigan state line : almost home!!!
Unlike the Heat, the Bulls know how to beat good teams.
Lol.
SportsCenter crackin me up.
hush you got school tomorrow
Lol as long as you still love me!
Stevie Wonder, performing live right now at Whitney's service  watch and chat with fellow fans on Zenlive.tv
I'm going to stay positive about this morning and keep things in perspective.
HuliHealth comes from the Hawaiian word huli meaning to flip over Our mission is to improve global healthcare  to turn it upside down.
I think you are amazing!
I believe instagram pictures will be to us what those red tinted pictures were to our parents....throwback!
there's a reason i havnt been on twitter its all good though playoffs
I love you to 3
Style hairoff to work,you ladies know where 2 find me if wanting me for something when done work,if so stop bylet me know
the mall prolly closes at like 9
I feel ya!
RT: i always feel so stressed but so productive at the end of the semester.
MORETHANTHIS 5 MINUTES AND IM NOT HOME OKAY
I remember now!
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid.
He says he can stop any time.
Bwahahahahhaa!
Laughing out loud at newest youtube video stay tuned!!
hey uh ou know ah just uh message each other.
No body wants to see that uh flirtation on twiiiiter.
jako7
Thanks for the FF, !
I hate pants.
take your time  do things right..
We're open 24 hours a day at www.choiceeating,com, for your Holiday shopping convenience.
So the new OT rules still haven't impacted a game yet
yeah I know: think you should follow my tumblr
I foolishly had pasta for lunch.
I think I'm feeling a bit slee
from the demented side her brain.
Life at our house was, is singing, dancing, prancing non stop nonsense.
love you
Maybe can add a Dark and Stormy to the menu?
I'm sure they'd have a great take on the warm weather classic!
Glad and stopped over to hangout tonight!
let me get your old xbox brah
OMGoodness, can't wait til my stepson prom my lil sister prom..I'm geeked up tA be a part of their days...all love!
This summer gonna be just amazing 3
had a great time hosting the event on blog, thanks to everyone for coming out!
Taking tonight off from the reg show, see ya'll next Sunday!
be yourself and others will respect you
How 'bout a follow back bro?
Supporting 24/7.
Just made the best salad ever!!!!
:
Great minds.
tweeted a quote from that article yesterday.
Check my Twitter Bckgrnd.
Shows broncos, not 15.
I HOPE I'm wrong on both 15 and 18.
History says I'm not.
House of Delegates gives preliminary approval to income tax bill but big fight could come tomorrow.
You're going to create an onset romance :  Have an awesome rehearsal!
I want another one of those ASAP.
We got us a couple of country bumpkins on 16Preg I always question these situations when the parents let the kids live together.
At IKEA, nightmare!!!
Way to many ppl!!!!
me either, we better get on that!
this is the first time in four months that i am working on something other than the campaign i just launched.
very refreshing!
Thanks for checking it out!
Looking forward to our community meeting tonight with LI, our 24th Police District reps  reps from Councilwoman
I would burn for once 

incredible.
Everyone must listen to them immediately.
Preferably while wearing jams in warm Tuscon weather.
Dez Bryant is a loaded weapon!
He deserves more looks
good morning.
Wishing you both a great Friday!

without precisely knowing the danger, do you think it's time to crack each other's heads open and feast on the goo inside?
Feels so good outside:
good but also BHO has a lot more,intelligence,guts,insight,wisdommore
email me that joint bro so I can gon knock it out
nun hoopn n work
In fairness, you can't really call what Billy Crystal did blackface, on him it's more like black neckface.
I told you Superman bitch ..
I am Broadway Producer!!
At Godspell in New York.
Excited!!
Can't sleep.
I need a remedy.
Happy New Year to everyone.
you're going to do a lot of murderin'
Ah, I have this constant fear of sneezing while doctorving.
I just hate it so much!
I feel like my limbs are 1000 lbs each.
Shock, surprise, terror, and forlornness
you gotta keep it up and hold it down.
Do what u do man!
try copy editing people!
just caught myself doctorving with my knees, arms folded.
Glorious sunny day 's INCOGNITO 2nd Opportunity sale from 11a2p.
All artworks 350.
10 admission; free for SMMoA members.
Come over!
HallieDay has made the final 24 of AmericanIdol!!!
The singer won Baltimore Idol last year, and was sent to audition by
say less smirf ima rut you !!
Having dinner with my Dad!
Its great to spend time with family!
Good night
Add some personality to your Twitter bio to increase chances of peeps following you back says
make a small disc.
make a new layer.
make a big disc.
animate.
tweens the two layers.
watch a choppy growing disc!
He looks like a youngen...
haha I don't like him though
controlz to get out of the process, then bg to send it to run in the background.
Welcome Back, NBA.
Hey , informs me you won our Fantasy NASCAR this week...
Congrats!
the rock is so cool coming through Ktown!
Early on, so many people had given up on the Lions.
Glad that they proved everyone wrong!
How many MS you need to have to figure out the blind tasting test
See, I never trust a man that goes back on his word.
I bet you don't even have a lawyer, chump.
You just a coward.
Period.

let's hope so.
The only thing lacking from Iron Man 12 is an actual good villain.
hope it's a Blast!
:
Ky.
counties building ambubuses for disasters
What do you want us to discuss on oue show next week?
You tweet, we discuss.
Get blunted with us.
95 days until I move!
This week in golf, at a glance The PGA Tour's HP Byron Nelson Championship and the LPGA's Sybase Match Play Championship highlight the we
BTW  Why is KMart in my twitter feed?
let me kno what I can do to pump this movement you got going
My entire body hurts.
I don't want to go to work today.
:
I can see that, I am wondering if we are getting figured out a bit
I grew up loving Bop and Tiger Beat in the 1980s!
Thank you for being a part of my childhood!
Last puppy class with Jackson.
He 'graduates' today.
Then I get to go to work and deal with graduation of UVA.
Oh what fun....not
keep your metabolism revved.
muscle trumps fat for calorie burningadd more, burn more
What about Baker Field?
Eating a dinner.
well i am lucky to have cool parents haha.
sorry you got in trouble
I just couldn't bring myself to watch it this year
Stuck in traffic
Whether 1 or 33 passengers, whether airport, corporate event or special occasion, visit www.transaccent.com to book your limo!!
Receive Jesus today with respect and thanksgiving.
As you watch the mudslinging political ads, your best choice is to vote for the lesser of two evils, which still screws you in the end.
blackened tilapia at target cafe?
This is Webster we're talking about
Are we getting donuts first?
Also, do you want to come to dinner?
I have to make pop tarts  the guys are grilling
Want to partner with us?
We're looking for an animated video?
Want to work together?
Who, eat your heart out Aaron Rodgers.
I call her and her ass tweeting
Gorgeous day today, why not enjoy a Hibiscus iced tea with a cup of Curried Pea soup with Mint and a Spinach  Beet salad
If women ruled the world,there wouldn't be any wars, but a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
Let us not forget the meaning of Memorial Day.
Let us honor those who died for our country and those men and women today who protect it.
My eyes are getting heavy.
It's about that time.
sorry if i seem like im in a funky mood but i think me and my husband r splitting up...now what?
go crazy???
it sounds cool, right?
I'm going at 3PM on Friday.
You?
both are horrible
Wish me a broken leg, opening night of Arsenic and Old Lace under way!
I'm tryin to get a hold of Kirby!!
How bad does it need touched up bro?
It was pretty vibrant last time I saw it..
RT : helps fight human trafficking in California, please share with others and endorse
Thursday works for me!
noon?
Email me at , and I'll get you a sign.
Thanks!
and yall two can talk face to face so you can explain to him that you don't like comments like jail is amazing
Why does this happen?!
:'
It's so awful that you lost your precious dog.
Hugs and prayers.
Harry Potter at 10 in the morning?
Today shall be good.
oh cool.
I thought I was still in old lady mode and missed a new phrase.
So I guess I'm an L7 too.
Hot mama days have past.
I bet 20 that if Hitler or the Columbine killers just hit some sour both jncidents coula been avoided.
I know there is one in san antonio...thats where i eat longhorns...lol BUT i am NOT in san antonio, thats why i said what i said
Chip just ran the blur offense on the media less than 12 hours from start to end
With his talent level, shouldn't they be worth onehalf?
But a secret archive is not the same as an archive of secrets.
Where/what is that other archive here?
Is it speakable?
Happy Birthday to !
You're one hell of a friend, love you!
Have a good one!
and I should do a song together...I just gotta learn how to rap first
Spain is really beautiful, which part you wanna go?
Summer time is perfect for going to Spain.
If you are a member of the Secret Service and enjoy the company of prostitutes be certain not to be cheap and selfish.
Love this is so wonderful!!!!!!
We'll have our weekly hula show on March 12, at 1 p.m., with Hui Lanakila.
I feel great bud...
I napped all day while you were on the road...
A little late there isn't T?
I should have seen your check in down by the river by now
how close to combat boots do you want them to look like?
Looking for someone to help sell my Get Work as an Actor Seminar to colleges.
If interested  contact me .
It's ironic how we ignore those who want us, want those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, and hurt those who love us
i see u like grayson
At Bentley U
Jacob Latimore is another boy that is HOT almost ICONic HOT but not really.
Bigamy is having one wife too many.
Monogamy is the same.
girl, yes.
lol 4 days stuck in bed is no bueno, especially when the sun is out
hmm not that I heard.
But I was on other stuff today.
Glenn might have followed up on it.
Go Louisville Cardinal Birds!
Mahomies please follow this awesome girl : she need more followers kay :
I want wings but I don't wanna be fat.
Oomf is a ticking time bomb.
MWP is gonna have a great game!
I often sit in front of an Apple store and think the history of technology and see how little people are able to know.
Checkbooks ready!
EORZ might be one to watch.....
I can't remember how we got it but I had to give it to my aunt, momofmyblackcousingrandmaofablackbaby  but she
I agree!
regular show is freakin awesome!
Twitter is broken.
:C Life has no meaning afterall.
That awesome moment when you buy a bag of air and the company was nice enough to put some chips in it
every game??
He miss too many bunnies
Please subscribe to me on YouTube at LaurenxxxPink
Hold on for a rough Monday...RT : Japanese stocks fall sharply; Nikkei Average down 2.8 
Yes, so I can finally return the copy you so selflessly lent me.
Thanks again!
HAHAHAHA!
Oh my gosh xD I can't even remember what I used to look like!
you are the company you keep.
guess that makes YOU a moron.
Java Developers and Architects needed.
Send resumes to
n we gotta take a group pic so they can send it to da media
Aw so u hate sleepin alone huh?
So wen u called I bet I didnt pick up that phone huh?
U get my text sayin I didnt fall asleep on my own huh?
brought a jacket and umbrella to work today in case it rains, guess where they are: IN THE CAR!
and it's raining.
SWIFT..
very SWIFT.
Happy Leap Day!!
What's everyone doing with their extra day??
oh cool.
I thought it was cosmo, sorry about that.
Have gone from having Inspector Gadget theme stuck in my head to I've been workin' on the railroad.
Not sure which is worse.
Rough cut is done!
Now the fun partfixing, focusing, pacing.
Getting real creative.
Starts today.
Man, I'm jacked!
so pissed we are leaving for Maryland earlier in the day.
You sticking around Cleveland Sherrod??
Attachs divide if you are not grounded in your decisions.
We challenged Don Redman to a debate.
He accepted.
Lulz.
More details to follow.
Stay tuned...
COJ Jax OneManShowDon occupyjax 99
it.
Was i never wanted to wake up : haha hopefully soon itll come true
Last tweet was a little too controversial for a RT from Stevie, might of ended up on sportscenter
youknowyoughetto when u bu 5 dollars worth of gas
Take off the STAR TREK googles Levar!!
j'aime ce chanson.
Mais je n'ai pas plus que ce chanson.
Feel free to share other good songs!
i want u too follow mee
Getting ready for this day game at GABP see you all after the game.
Guilt sucks.
The United Arab Emirates is home to the 2ndhighest concentration of global retailers in the world, following the U.K, reports CBRE
I rather they did nothing if that's the case.
They need a legit right handed bat  maybe another starter
Having a healthy lunch at FreeFoods before today's work out.
Don't know what to have though, all their stuff is so yummy but healthy :
Local food sales estimated to be 4.8B in 2008, and projected to climb to 7B in 2011
Thank you for considering us my dear!
Cheers, Alex
yo I'ma go till later on, I had to come home after school
FF A true professorssional who doesn't providing expert advice!
Haha it's fine, I probably would have acted the same way c:
thanks Doug !!!
I didn't want to stop txtin him
.O I LIKE COOLKID
: Gamel better be ok.
He's probably out for his career
what a delightful way to live....i think i'm gonna go climb a tree or something.
Text me!
I have to get off soon.786 477 3727
still worth packing a snowball, though :
Now entering the post Salt Lick meat sweats.
The Port of San Diego board approved the donation of a bronze version of Unconditional Surrender.
The donors still need to raise the 
I just called it 'the most professorund tweet ever': The Iraq war is over  President Obama.
Your thoughts?
Hey Bestie!!
getting some meeting notes ready for Wed.
How are you doing
oh shit my girlfriend in that thang
you don't want none of this!
Caps game tonight?
Well be there, hoping youll win a chance to get in the DC Lotterys Money Machine and grab all the cash you can!
I love watching the Cat In the Hat!: one of my fav movies
So sad...
probably scarred for life.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
i was shocked when i seen the picture of him smoking though.
I'm not sure.
I gotta look at my schedule.
I don't have it with me atm.
So proud of my SBC sister, Ms Jamie Brown!!
She's an example that there's NO EXCUSES for ANYONE...
Jamie is hard of hearing, stands as...
Thanks, Martin!!
God Korn were so good in the 90s
Dear Bing Maps.
TYVM for being better than Google Maps.
GFY for losing my work.
Now I have to waste a whole 'nother hour proctrastinating.
/// And you niggas wonder why Madlib, Flying Lotus, Dibiae, Black Milk, Exile and them are so rare  authentic....
Been to Indianapolis for a meeting, convention, or tradeshow lately?
What did you enjoy most about the city?
Tweet us !
Need to listen to in your room by Depeche Mode.
Such a great song from a timeless album.
Well thought about getting Starbucks this morning, but instead ima buy a dub :o
I must got down to the sea again, the lonely sea and the sky, and all I need is a tall ship, and a strong wind to steer her by
Ha, I got that kinda loving to keep you off the streets.
On my way hold the bottles.
I support and his goal to get campaign finance laws put into place.
Is Diet Citrus Green Tea different in the new bottle?
Why does it taste different to me?
Quality lunch with Sergio.
I had the best grilled cheese of my life : TGIF
DO!
I would advise starting your research with Lecrae and Flame314.
Two of my favs.
I think Rhianna and Tyga should date.
Taylor Gang or choke urself with a Brian Pumper chain.
There's more of a job to do than just a view on YouTube
my class ends at 5:15what's the time difference?
OK!
We will live like KINGS!
IDEAS FROM SCRATCH!
WE WILL WORK IT OUT FOR YOU FROM OUR FREE QUOTES!
EMAIL:
telljimmy  Jimmy is always spot on with great coaching
ahh whatever.
U will after this season.
Thats if Jeremy Lin doesn't steal the show!
lol
The only person whose behavior we can control is our own.
Glasser
Apparently they put on the 3 goggles in that last timeout.
these pics could be Anytown, USA
Gov.
Jerry Brown proposed cuts to poor kids  disabled as part of his plan to eliminate a 26.6 billion deficit.
before i married her she was like that..
but she's not really..
that type of girl that does that
Bill Maynard  Tom Champoux Heart, Soul and Spirit
Woman just don't have a Gspot...they have a GSpot, ASpot and USpot.
My expectations were surpassed.
2 more days until my vacation starts.
I have all of next week to get a Sony Publishing deal or something.
I NEED it.
Songs are wasting.
Duh!
Newt.
so is kinda like the blair witch project except even more boring and even more fucking stupid/terrible/full of bullshit.
Free thinkers are dangerous;
RT : ...will be liveblogging via both AND my own through tomorrow at DF11 Will be paying attention ME
You can't defend a city with no army, Carmen Trutanich says of city attorney's budget.
doctorving around Marion with the little sis.
Blasting in the heights!!
I am currently the following: excited, tired, anxious, exhausted, jumpy, sleepy, off  on.
I'm not the following: here right now.
Phil Huges tonight for Yankees.
Will he give us a positive going into Boston??
We have NOTHING TO DO with John Harrison!!
NOBODY that is here now had ANYTHING to do with his exploits!
T has changed its handle!
From to Follow us there for all things stylish.
: I am unreliable and go through spurts.
Only in America...
how cool would it be if TAP toured with Mariana's Trench?
abbie
hahah yeah  that's why I do hurdles  long jump!!
Livetweeting my angst: creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creepi
I've been living in this apartment for 2 months and I am now finally settled and completely unpacked in my bedoctorom.
Home sweet home!
I'm so distracted by all the lovebugs flying around outside my widow, attached in their mating ritual  doctornkenly careening around.
I havent givin up yet and i never will.
im waiting for that special day when u finally notice me.
:
Chris, one shot gets you faded lol
I find you get a lot more good ideas looking outside of your field.
There are lots of good ideas from from business.
Editors!
Looking for feature doc editor for Email reel to .
Paid gig, shoots summer.
cc:
Great news.
Jeff Beeler has shared a Tweet with you: eBidjob: RT : will be on the live tonight at 9p
Really need to do something about this fireball of rage I woke up with in my guts.
Taking suggestions.
And Susan Forscher Weiss's paper/multimedia show/bacchic feast marvelously demonstrated the syncretic work of alchohol and song
OMG I gotta do my math homework..
like now 
Big waves and rip tides at the beach on LBI, but otherwise, a gorgeous day.
The surfers are ecstatic.
Thanks!
Contact about doing a piece for Productive Magazine.
yeah, u probably right!
Plus no paparazzi!
Wow, I like UNC's chances of getting to the FF.
i get upset every time I see your professorle photo.
Put a shirt on man.
Thanks!
I thought so too.
The signs were a good idea :
my girl down at the track runnin' thangs...
get with He wants details for you to mix  master his music!!
Holler at him...
O your welcome
Happy Kuumba!
Do something fun  creative for NYE!
Oh Lord..
Really, Publix for a topic?!
LMAO!!!
Deff just got like fucking attacked by a snake walking home with
It'll be the same thing tomorrow..
In Ann Arbor, accident on NB 23 north of Washtenaw Avenue.
Four fire trucks.
Not sure of the backup.
Anyone know?
exciting!!!
Cant wait to see it!
good times last night!
next time we'll need to remember to go with the filtered Chardonnay ;
Gather up all products in your house or garage that contain unsafe chemicals and doctorp off at your local hazardous waste facility.
Lucky dog you.
aw C'MON power search it for me Brian!!
LOL
well best of luck to everyone.
If shit hits the fan, I will supply the whiskey.
Mann I feel like death
This is how the scrub ass laker fandom felt last yr
My spirit animal is this pair of high heels I recently bought.
Is the new trend for these companies suing everybody over patents?
Yup, he's right about 80, just goes too far sometimes
Happy Fat Tuesday all!!!!!
Who wants some beads!!!!
RT : Good news, everyone!
Troll 2 is on Netflix Instant!
True.
: Why on earth haven't Child Protective Services intervened on Toddlers  Tiaras yet?
I am appalled!
Going to have a very long workout tom.
Thanks to eating like crap today :
Let's go, I'm hot.
But I'm wearing a sweatshirt and I'm fine.
My body temp is higher than yours.
False.
Okay Doctor X.
Francis
I love North Park News!
Shoot done!
Can't wait to see the finished product.
going ok.
Writing tomorrow nights show.
How r u?
Thanks for following, super couple!
:
Looking for something new  to do tonight?
Join us here at Revolver at 8:30pm for our free dance lessons!
Start the day off w/ a bang and eat breakfast w/in 1 hour of waking up.
Great idea: cereal w/ 5 grams of fiber, greek yogurt, blueberries
Just bought my husband a Sig 1911,Tact ops traditional.
Nice gun!
happy new year, Darren.
Good Morning Ms.
Easterly!
Hope you have a wonderful day and a productive week 
Early season stats show Rangers at 1620, Beltre 0700 with a .000 average.
Win some, lose some.
Nothin like destroying a good beat
Thanks!
Look for some photos next week.
Back...head...omg, you are shot kiddo...time to start dating a doctor.
please Stand Up and say youve got that One Thing which means you get the finalist spot.
Please
Melrose Place.
; RT : So great to run into you!
Miss you tons!
:
me, earlier: OMFG SO HUNGRY.
me now, after eating : omfg why do i even eat in the morning?
so sick.
i can't eat for 2hrs after waking.
Haha!
Yeah, Afentra!
Kiss her ass!
Kiss it real fucking good.
Slobber that shit up, coach ass on your mouf.
Omg!
I haven't been on twitter all day!!
i missed my tweeples.
: So how is every one day, today?!?!
:
hahahs I want to have a class with you do I could witness this hahahaha
I don't care anymore.
The WSJ and NEWS Corp.
continue to slam FL Governor Charlie Crist, one of my favorite politicians.
Don't listen
Merry Christmas from Canada :D
So will be chatting live during this weeks show via facebook ustream and twitter thanks to
Cool: marching band playing Deck the Halls.
Cooler: in shorts and flip flops in the middle of Seeley, CA
Live by the three, Dye by the Three.
Louisville in the final 4 as Florida goes cold from the 3 in 2nd half
Archers of Loaf show in 2011 features pretty much the same guy/girl ratio and flannel/non ratio as it did in 1993.
NEW FRESH SUPER STICKY FROSTY DANK IN: Jack Here  Trainwreck!
Full Menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy!
;
wait how u know that need info now need info pronto need it in the morning like alonzo tyga voice
Discovery Digitizing Audio.
Invention  MP3 Player.
Innovation  itunes/iPod.
Facebook.
Is your page exclusively personal, exclusively professorssional, or a combination?
Do you have a fan page for business use?
austin can u follow me..
i doubt u will get this tweet but if u do please folow me :D LOVE YOU 3
We're open on Monday, but you're welcome to cartwheel anyway!
7 Blue Skies  The Haven this Sunday for Rock For Gina.
Doors are at 2:00 pm.
Come spend the last night on the weekend with us!
Had a good day with my baby susy now to go back to school
wordoftheday Jocular intended for joking; facetious.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
I love to get Giordano's pizza while in Chicago.
Hate to jump in but Braves org said if they had Mo instead of Yankees theyd won 4 Trophies
Any1 read 'The Thank You Economy' by GVaynerchuk?
Amazon mixed reviews  Worth the read?Lookin 4 thought provoking info on branded community
Thanks!
What an honor to work with you and the whole edcampCincy team.
There are 3 types of workers those who get things done those who watch things get done those who wonder how so much got done
scumbag texting while doctorving sign, sign looks just like a text message
We created the list because we know we have the most amazing friends out there.
We're going to grow old with all of you!
;
Dont you worry, okay?
Things will work out.
We started this thing together, and thats how well finish it.
Mushu :
g00d morning RT whipped coffee doctornks?!
doctorve safely!
either of you 2 can whip my coffee  anytime!!
MY BDAY DINNER THIS FRIDAY MAY 18  HOOTERS BY WOLFCHASE MALL  7 !!!
Come show me love please : Let me know
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart who looks at her watch.
James Beard
David Foster Wallace begins writing A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again at the airport, where he has four hours to kill.
I definitely feel like that sometimes.
: Also, how are you doing?
:
saw it.
Loved it.
I'm already p to 27 tweets?
In 20 mintes?
AH!
Our demographic is young smart and hip..An appreciation for kitsch is always welcome
get out there and live girl!
get the fried oyster PO boy!
Interesting hypothetical VIVO query: Which papers from NIHfunded grants not in PMC?
Thanks for the shout out!
Thank you very much ted for following me you made my day really great
finding good restaurants to follow
correct sir
I celebrate the process!
Obsessed with My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding.
ObSessed!
you have pointed out my flaws again as if i don't already see them
Libraries are the one American institution you shouldn't rip off.
Barbara Kingsolver
Thank you so much!
:
The Presidential Medal of Freedom will go to Madeline Albright, John Doar, Bob Dylan, William Foege, John Glenn, Gordon Hirabayashi...
Almost time to catch Snoop and doctor at Coachella.
Word on the street is 2pac and Nate Dogg will be there too.
Game day!
After last night's ugly game in dallas I'm flying home just in time for RaptorsAtSuns.
See you there
Every day they will test you...
Give peace and Candi a chance!
A special shoutout 2 the SouthernElite fam  Sterling who will be attending the prom 2day.
EVERYONE saw too.
I just like stayed there on the ground..it was bad
its so weird how one thing can mean so much to you.
um, i did, too.
what have we become?
Keep getting snail mail from vendors wanting me to visit their booth at Midwinter.
Not only is it very late, I wasn't even there.
i need to escape to miami.
Now.
Bad day today .
wits AMAZING huh?!!:
Cleaning house, upgrading Ubuntu on 3 comps, listening to radio, doctornking beer.
We've gone global!
GMM has clients in Italy, Sweden, England, Scotland, and Canada.
Please visit gorovmusic.com for more information.
Taking the AP Spanish test tomorrow ugh 
Great meetings in Beverly Hills, Vegas next than Miami next week.
Too much travel this time of year.
BobbyV what the heck were you thinking taking Dubront out of the game when he was doing a superb job?
When will the Sox learn!!
shut up and text me fool.
So guess who finally downloaded the twitter app?
Hey thats lyrics!
My mom is still not completely convinced that I'm not a lesbian.
Damnit Sprint.
I can't effectively brag about spending a work day at Great American if you won't load my pictures.
Thank you so much, Cindy!!
I already warned fleetfoxes about your Taco Bell pitch.
Ethereal music just doesn't gel with gordito crunch wraps.
Every time I see a lemur, I think the King from the Madagascar movies.
We don't actually carry Magic Hat 9 cans, still the bottles,.
I just like the commercial.
Enjoy!...
Does anyone know what happened to Blue Moon, formerly on Hillside?
Hi Bitch
Oh you went to Peoria Packing...
hm...
haha don't make me feel like a bad kid for partying on a Tuesday.
But understandable.
: Those annoying girls who always try to flirt with guys who have girlfriends.
Go away haha
I am extremely frustrated and confused.
mission statement shld be something abt preempting / foreclosing every transgressive opportunity for the kids for 126 years
please tweet the talk highlights: I'd luv to hear her sometime
Dont make me give out your sexcam account name
thanks for the follow!
We hope you can join us at yards park on sept 10th for BBQ, beer and college football!
I love Peyton so much.
Y'all don't even know.
More charities  visual arts orgs are using Pinterest so far.
Fewer in perf arts yet
good to hear sexy
Looking forward to everyone coming out to tonight and banging 13,000 cheer sticks for a win
Getting crunk before you take off is usually a good idea.
Watching American Idol with my mom and sister...
Summer is so exciting.
I agree.
Google has a business to run.
They raised lots of awareness blacking out the logo.
Some new opposing senators have emerged
Hey, it's snowing!
; haha its what I do.
Idk how many times i got to tell ppl, I DONT GIVE A RABBITS ASS ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT ME.!
GTFO.!
Gas Station, McDonald's, Then School.
with me :
RT : A4.
Chapstick, my La Sportiva climbing shoes, and a Nalgene full of water hooked on an outer loop of my backpack.
survive and advance
Moving?
Want to do it in a greener way?
Call us for a 10 discount on our ecofriendly moving boxes!
Wow, Kirk and Spock look pretty old for teenagers.
ok cool!
You should come...
Its going to be a blast!
Text adam  he has all the info...
are you doctorssing up?
Lol
spain spain spain spain spain spain spain spain spain spain
You cannot create experience; you undergo it.
haha.
in his defense, he had to go to the bank for his joke...not the glovebox of his navi.
I can't tell if I'm hung over or not.
I would have went off
no problem :
TLC to launch airport series, 'On the Fly'  WLKY Louisville
This is me right now:  last day of prep before RCFAustin.
I hope to see you this weekend at booth 110!
Any screenings at SXSW by chance?
Snug Harbor hosts RockRoll event with Art Auction this Wed.
530pm check out Grand Haven ArtWalk on FB for details!
Good points.
I assumed it would be easier to search a website.
I think you gave me reasons to buy an ipad now!
okay and imagine twitchy or doctoramy is I there with us .
true...
but I think it would be great for a woman to win.
The event is focussed for women.
Thanks for all your time I enjoyed the webinar.
It was a good one.
You are everything I see.
If I tell you the World is round and you think it is flat...am I arrogant
Idk it was like past my ass now its above my bra strap.
naw I'm not ready at all lol.
It's not my day, I can chill and complement his swagg 
damn i lost my wallet with all my shit
hope you're feelin better bestie!!
Am i gonna see ya this week?
yeh.
It's harder to get high off of though, but still very much so possible.
Just heard your rant on on ESPN first take.
Always stand for the truth and keep it real.
The menu for this Friday's Wine Dinner is AWESOME.
Reserve your table if you haven't already and prepare to be blown away!
How many I.Q.
points do you lose watching reality T.V.?
I'm thinking all of them.
Excited to be at gdc education, but shocked once again at the very high  of males in audience.
How to change?
hyperspace great show on
My Quote of the Day  This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind., Neil Armstrong
I could definitely get use to this.
that isn't even in your nature.
Lol and here I am getting coffee for my morning wake up,and the early bird is sleeping in...
you know I eventually learned to like the cure in small doses again!
I'm sorry but post the bends I haven't gotten into it.
.
agreed.
thanks plonekonf organizers!
Playing D is a matter of will: what r you willing 2 do as a group 2 help each other out?
2 do as individual 2 put clamps on?
Phil Jackson
check your email
Cavs offense wants this game to be over as soon as possible.
WhoWantsToChuckSomeThrees?
I miss Pride so much!!!
I really wish that we had a show or practice or something just so I could see everyone again!
is watching His Band.
This should be interesting.
Hm should I follow through Twitter or FB?
If you know how to make me happy without doing too much
Thanks so much for the support!
my.
neighbors.
so much yelling.
so much everything.
I'm starting to like this twitter thing.
Thanks!
Congrats on the pilot!!
So exciting!
Come to The Firehouse Gallery at 1pm to keep me company and check out the great art and boutique!
You should probably change your password.
You're sending out not you types of tweets.
Receiving weird DMs from M Smith, same.
SD Sheriff crime lab witness John Willey lied in court  suddenly retired.DA Dumanis refuses to inform the criminal bar.
Ethical?
Antiintellectualism is a problem, but so is hyperintellectualism.
Intellectual values are not superior, should not exclude others.
seems silly to lose the egg now, what would the easter bunny put in his basket?.
radical!
Photos?!
Sounds like the plastic hunt was a success.
tweet me your favorite songs :
Thank you thank you thank you for helping pull that off!
Amazing!
Hope you and are having fun!
I could have wrote that article..
lol.
not exactly groundbreaking, but sweet.
step 1, go exploring!
Han Suyin There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
One acts poster complete!
Watch out for the coolest poster ever and come see the coolest set of one acts  ever.
May 21 June 5.
wednesday means it's closer to the weekend!!
ACM members want to be featured in EForum?
Send us a link to press about your innovative  exiciting news: .
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Since it's legal to record any communication you are involved in, be aware that your ex may be taping you.
check out my web site www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I got my picks for tonights games on TNT video blog up soon Knicks Bulls Thunder and Blazer fans NBA Fan check me out
hey Justin please follow mw
Damn, Im Fucking Burned Out.
My Body Is Crashing.
Dimelo!
Text me.
Everything good??
monday is fine.
slide it under my door, i will be out of the office.
We'll have a bottle with your name on it.
Literally.
:
lmfao amazing party
Holly fck!
I will pay anyone if they made me some enchiladas or sopes3 I'm HELLA CRAVING FOR SOME!
Aight will do!
Jersey shore tonight :
Great for the Owls!
: Welcome to FAU, mister President.
It is such an honor to have him speak on our campus today.
hahaha I don't know if it's any good, but I want to try it.
Lovin the complimentary doctornks in the lounge here, but my 6:30am internal clock says no thanks
Congrats on your new position  thanks for introducing me to Dan.
So far I'm still in the running.
When's you're last day?
omg that is so cute!!!!!
Black Nativity, a mustsee Boston holiday tradition, runs this weekend only!
www.blacknativity.org!
RT please!
oh the horror...the HORROR!
I'll be stuck looking like a 12 year old...forevah!
I think that chick confused Intimidating with ugly.
Females are nervous around winners
MT A4 Luckily this trend is making ppl envrnmntally conscious  able to make educated design decisions
Great idea!
MT : dls15 learning so much from my coattendees.
Is there a listserv where we can all keep sharing?
Thanks !
And congrats to you as well!
We should both be proud of our placings!
It's Home Movie Day!
At the Cultural Center with until 5PM.
Just watched something titled Fightin' Femmes of France.
Ilios would take her body if he had tohe was in that kind of a mood.
I just have to read this book.
Horton Hears a Who RT : Reading aloud w/ kids helps them become successful readers who love books.
Today's bedtime story?
What!?
No Qwikster!?
That's cold
Looks like TONS of fun!
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.
From a headstone in Ireland
Fish Not Even Following Me .
.
.
.
Business is like riding a bicycle  either you keep moving or you fall down.
it would make my world for you to say hello to me : I'm so excited to hear you're working on a new album!
Ready for all the Jets fans to boo!
Anyone paying attention could see the kibosh coming with AMZN.
Stock struggled every day in Jan.
to hold its own in spite on market gains
RT : Ladies send your men to the HERO Lounge where they can find tips on grooming, health  wellness AND Valentine's......
i sleep to doctoram.
I have thoughts on this longer than 140, natch.
You Feel So Out Of Place, You Think You Don't Fit In.
I Think You're Perfect In The Skin You're In.
: 33!
Just talking about being picky and setting your standards high for home repair and remodeling.
Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for more.
thanks for the good words!
great to see you; let's keep thinking together!
thank you!
How do you know jack Ehrbar and mike Guzman?
keep up the good work!!!
Your the man!
Getting a new phone tomorrow!
Leaving the old company finally!
...no problem.
I gotcha
You should've told them no, but they named the town after me.
That dude KingJames got ice in them veins...Cold Blooded
client excites crowd!
RT McMillan w/ team stuck at 98pts in the huddle Don't get caught up in that Chalupa s!
Despite wild promises to the contrary, I am NOT at
Finally seeing Avengers tonight!!
Lehgo
ooh yeah of course i barely know i mean if i liked you as more than a friend i would tell u.
But yeah.
Yeah.
I'm watching the JERZATHON.
Yeah buddy!
Now, GJ is listening to the Tubes.
I can see why they were a One Hit Wonder
another one just randomly showed up today soo now there's 4 but ya one I claimed is mine :p and thank you!
haha
I got the assignment!
...and then learned I wasn't exactly equipped to write the story I'd proposed.
The editor had had no idea I was 15.
bitches on my dick cus i look like bieber
Lots of fantastic Heinlein quotes in the middle of Time Enough for Love, including this one.
We will keep you up to date our project will be coming out soon.
Make sure you lookout for it, spread the word, Thank You again
Thank you!
Just heard my cousin's mixtape.....
Made me sad as fuck...R.I.P Davion Smith.....
Yikes Brandon Beachy.
.
Props to on the video then too!
Well done to the video team on the Road to FirstKick : See ya'all in Dallas!

August 1st 1960 Aretha Franklin made her first recordings for CBS Records 
I appreciate the breath of confidence.
It is details near that end that make me question
Thinking about teaching myself xml, xslt, etc.
Books will be easy to find.
A cheap development platform harder, any suggestions?
Spilled some vodka on my insurance paperwork while reading over my new policy...
Here's hoping my premium doesn't go up because of it...
Good morning world.
Go at www.peggyguichu.com.
Check out my paintings.
Read my blog.
Leave me some feeback.
Also, traffic light sign hanging upside down just south of Fuller on 16th Street NW, going northbound.
Day 2 of the transformation....
Great start just have to keep up the MOJO
Of course!
El Paso should get this.
Coach Scott: You get to this point of the year and teams know each other.
Players are going to have to embrace the 1on1 challenge.
Ehmagawd!
Uber sorry for nawt being awn; Todd messed with all of my passwords!
And he deleted my Facebook!
Kuhlaire is on probation now.
Asking for a free doctornk after you've searched through your empty wallet only works if you want me to walk away.
Let's show some Twitter love!!!!!!!!!
lol that's awesome!
Yeah, moms too.
I was just having memories of when my babies were new.
Miss those days, mostly.
ifeel good and confident
The LORD reigns, let the earth be glad; let the distant shores rejoice.
Psalm 97:1
What's happening?
I'll tell youb whats happening.
I'm shoving my face with breakfast burrito when i should be on a run right now!!
:
Thanks!
Teaching via Twitter sounds challenging :
I hate watching the titanic.
It's so sad.
Remnick, call me...
just nailed your little captainon contest.
Is saying hello Twitter.
christmas carols?
Kinsey any idea how I can promote my optometry practice in West Hollywood on twitter?
wink wink
Its Tuesday!!
You know what that means!!
Brass Monkey Tacos for dinner and Brass Monkey Karaoke for dessert!!
See you Tonight!!
In awe of the seniors at the gym who put in work!
i'll go to bed.
we have a candidate coming tomorrow and i wouldn't want to sleep through her talk.
kate will have to wait.
Input CREATES output!Delano Johnson
Watching The Colbert Report with Viggle Mon  11:31PM  Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I love root beer floats
I'm on the hunt for a coat now
Hey, thanks for coming in.
We appreciate it.
Hope to see you all again soon !
Niall
Some people shoud relize they opinion doesnt matter!!!
Haters come all shapes n sizes dont worry botu the next person only yourself!!
I am excited too!
thanx so much!
This is actually something I've been meaning to check out a bit..
have you seen any discussion of witter API limits?
Happy Derby Day!
Mama needs a new pair of shoes...
Just started snowing here and I'm so looking forward to it  let it snow!
when is your due date?
My sister has about a month to go, and she's chasing a 2 year old.
In other words, she's a saint.
Thanks for the RT.
We are back on Twitter and ready to send out some promos.
Tweet ifollow to get a special reply
one time, I nibbled on a piece of cheese and my cholesterol went up to 900.
who has better tailgates?
BC fans on Shea Field or DCU fans on Potomac?
what movie again?
RT : Adam Yauch RIPMCA.
Thank you for Sabotage bass riff and many other great grooves.
Adam also worked for justice and...
we need to hang soon and celebrate your internship!
Its good to be around a place were there aren't thousands of Bieliebers because on June 19 you can buy Believe without it being gone :
Slightly blinded by the nylonlike glare of Gingrich's marvelous playmobil 'do'
how you been?
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
In this case, it DID kill me, and theres no way this much pain could make me stronger.
Just saw hands down best horror/monster movie in years!
i had Jalisco's last week....
M so good
Goodnight loves!
Don't forget to wash your face; the 1step cleanser is perfect to clean, remove excess oils  tone all in 1
Are there any steampunk symphonies?
wow, I'd thought TweetingDuringSex would be a HUGE thing on here, but apparently not.
Very Shocking, LSD.
SO LET'S MAKE IT THE NXT TOPIC RE
you should've taken my to go order.
Where were you
But I'm good : dead and gone
My pride be the reason for ending so many things in my life
absolutely agree 100
not wearing a bra after working 9 hours.
its a sense of freedom that's life changing.
also taking off thong u have worn longer than 4 hrs.
Star Wars Day, Black Widow, Joss Whedon Loki  Thanos are all trending did I die  go to heaven?
I hope man up tomorrow and play
thanks.
I like it too;
Safety in the spotlight during Bike Month  KSBY San Luis Obispo News

kind of hungry to ..
From SLA's latest execubook summary: leading with purpose and being of service to others  the perfect description of an SLA leader!
Have finally caved and admitted that Twitter isn't going anywhere any time soon.
Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts to which indeed you were called in one body and be thankful.
check out Derulo's It Girl
Raven down!
Happy April 1st
You have been tweeting so much!
Ugh, no cell coverage for me yesterday!
Great to see the Buccos get a 32 win!
bout to go to sleep u?
What funny way should i get deleted by jeremy sherman?
LOVE MY FANS AND ALL UR MESSAGES!!!!!
This cake has to much icing
pfft.
give him 2 optional weeks in december, he can run a sidewhow  see who shows up.
give the spring week back to hamburg.
Ohh, where do you work?
got the L it dont matter tho we got ya next time
has the funniest videos on youtube.
Yes!
This is a corporate space.
How do we feed them with out morsels of intellect and revolution?
beat in madden tonight!
jusssayin :
Anybody have skype on here?
Time to add some new peeps.
The should call Kids in Motion, Dads looking at electronic devices...ok phone in pocket.
I know ur email I need u to email me ur addoctorss :P PS  YOU ARE NOT OLD
I had a doctoram that and were at my house for a party.
doctorams are so much cooler than reality.
the trio Pilc Moutin is in Europe  available Feb 131415.
anyone interested in a concert, masterclass etc.?
american tv doesn't GET tennis.
they don't see it as sport, can't expect them to give time to trophy ceremony.
pfft.
Getting ready to go camping !
Finally a break !
Obama clowning the heckler is fucking great
we're getting crunk in boystown, how abt u?
Follow me back?
I vote for ya'll all the time :D
When u choose to b pleasant  positive in the way u treat others, u have also chosen, in most cases, how u are going to b treated by others.
My little couson truly believes that that Cody Simpson kid is my boyfriend.
I love her.
I'm working on a theme song for the movie Hunger Games, but if it had been made in the 1980s.
The hunger games premiere t minus 2 hours  18 minutes!!
:
the rules only apply in employment situationschores don't count  neither do Ed programsunless they earn wages.
BYX dodgeball tonight!
Hope to see everyone there!
you try so hard to be fair you actually hate and try to bring down uk!
Congrats!
Tune in to right now with
Just bought tix for Red Hot Chili Peppers in November.
First timer, cheers to that
Do you remember what you wanted me to do while you were away?
; x
love, love, love CJ's.
It's gorgeous!
I love hunterxhunter.
Every1 has to stay till end  Now noone can interfere with killua.
Alluka's power is also so interesting
Havnt tweeted in forever
I feel like having a 1D flashmod.
Just learned that Kate Beckinsale will be in Total Recall.
That should help offset Colin Farrell who already messed up Miami Vice.
thaz right.
if I hear the words HARRY, ZAYN, NIALL, LIAM, LOUIS, ONE, DIRECTION, UK, OR IRELAND I will hear you from a mile away.
Travel with ease, rent a car.
Carry a load, rent a truck.
We have all the latest models.
Rent a car or truck from us.
members: You can pick up your free DVD at their booth , just flash your member card.
Dear media distribution companies: who's going to be the first to fully utilize advanced pricing  ad structures possible with digital?
I just the ultimate  texting and bike riding  something doctorstically wrong.
: : Dear girls, Most of you only like guys for their looks, not their personality, thats why you get played.
Amen o.
test tweet
I'll b there!
8 mile eminem 
Libraries must face outrageous ebook price hikes with a scowl like Clint Eastwood in Josey Wales.
Grit yer teeth, spit in the wind, growl
Was reading a 33yrold review of Bowie live in 1978.
It referred to him as an old rock'n'roller.
He was 31.
Talk about Changes.
I hope everyone in WI is out on a Beer garden enjoying thus weather and a
I dont have that number nomore ..
you working?
omg, what happened to all of them wtf?
I hereby declare myself the World Champion HuttPuncher in
Chris Davis gets through 16th as J.J.
Hardy guns down winning run at the plate...
.
this is interesting coming from a person of no faith.
You would not understand because you have no faith
Baseball doesn't exist until NHL playoffs end.
RT : You know your baseball team sucks when you're relieved they have a day off.
If you know you fucked her right., you wouldn't be asking...
You also need to do things to preserve your connection and love on a daily basis
I shouldn't have to ask for a follow back.
I don't do that.
did you plug it into a computer with iTunes that was logged in as a different user?
If so, you may have to delete / recopy apps
No, but I had the Riot Grrrl Online website up and running for a long time.
You can still see the oldest website up.
and i bet if beliebers trended something about their fucking mother monster they'd be like you guys are bullies, you guys are jealous etc
what can you do when it's so cold/snowy outside?
Boot Camp nice n warm inside on sat?!!
would love to have you!!

there's prbly no grandmas to fight over slots w/down there so we got that going 4 us lol
This is more interesting than the actual game
Yr interview made me want to read it again.
Headed to for this morning's shoot!
Tune in at 7:30!
If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change
yo you think tha knicks will be betta next year wit that lil bit extra money they got?
cil11 discussing the Scan Jose project using AR to develop local history walking tours for San Jose
A friend from Waunakee is throwing out 1st pitch tonitecheer her Connie!
me :D
Dang!
good goal...
but just out of time.
: Next period!
Go RedWings!
cool, im not One of those crazy Fans.
Im a realist but love My Vols n give credit to other teams when due
pretty girls i love em
I'm not a laker fan but I know they're better than denver
uhm HOW, if I can barely speak ?
ProSelect Wall Gallery Templates  from:
so tried today :
Green Bay is on a road too Dallas
Packing...headed back to the ATL tomorrow
at 7??
the movie starts at 7.
i thought we were gonna walk arounf first hahaha
Congrats on your horse trailer success.
Were you able to doctorve it in reverse?
ItsAllFunAndGamesTil someone throws up lime the girl from the exorcist
you should be able to smell it already since they went with Traitor Thome.
New Man Rule: Thou Shalt Not Invite Thou Girlfriend To Any Guy's Night Activities For Thy Arguing Is Really Blowing My Buzz.....
Enjoying some coffee and writing time before heading to ballet!
When class is over fam will be here!!
:
oh m..I wanna be five.

Thanks for posting.
awww haha that's so sweet!
we were a bit higher up, but we had a perfect view of the whole rink, so it was pretty good!
hahahamm girl is love to take you out on a date methat's embarrassing.
LOL
that pictures sweet!!
thanks Haile!
so good to see you last night, thanks so much for coming out:
Review: Subarus New Impreza Is the Hipster Corolla
Sometimes we let our feelings get the best of us...and sometimes our feelings make whats best for us..
But sometimes you need an adverb for flair or rhythm.
Spurs/Clippers, Thunder/Lakers, and Celtics/Sixers all have back 2 backs in second round.
Heat/Pacers don't!
It's so obvious the NBA like em
HAPPY 16th BIRTHDAY to my cousin !!!!
see you at the show tomorrow!!!
: Kim JongIl's biography claimed that him and his father created the world and controlled the weather.
This explains a lot.
I may stay in Rhode Island and never come back!
If only gas was cheap
Maybe that is an opportunity for the beer doctorvethrough places re: lack of doctorvethrough pizza places.
brands are you local and proud or nationwide and stubborn?
RT : Local leaders need understand importance of digital econdev  create strategies to be innovative communities
Mia Joy Candles Loves your show!!
Who has Instagram?
I'll follow ya!
The will be hosting an info session about summer internships in Sydney TODAY 4 pm SSB 3.107.
By the by, if you're coming to Glendale Days tonight, fireworks start around 9:30p.
It should be a beautiful night!
thank you, and i just sent a request to join

which is the more hostile environment..Assembly hall or China?
Why does the grocery store even sell grapes that have seeds in them?!
IamAStanBecause His songs can make you cry, take you by surprise at the same time an make you doctor your eyes with the same line
Craving lobster pizza
dude, if like, the whole cccollab crew followed me, i'd definatley feel like a cool cat.
comedy school in new York city I plan to go to comedy school here in the city and get my professorssional head shot session and get booked
Watchin' CELEBRITY APPRENTICE
looking for attendants
haha i try to be.
Twitter is where I get away from reality so I try not to tweet anything morbid or depressing as much as possibl
Ron artest gone get beat the fuck up when he get in Oklahoma
i think Sam needs to post this video.
hint hint, samuel
I know image isn't everything.
But being goodlooking just makes life so much easier....
Man shit will never change
sorry, we need someone inhouse.
Thanks anyway.
NEVER BE AFRAID TO TAKE UR MUSIC TO THE NEXT STEP
Come on wade...
We need u to close
That's awesome XD, I've subscribed to the list : thanks again!
de more demerrier  love it :
because you butted into my convo lol
Excuse me!
Cokie Roberts says Rosen and Maher's comments is likened to the elite that Dems are out of touch...what?!!!
Fucking hate my life
I had no clue what the golden ratio was until tonight.
Some of Da Vinci's paintings adhere to it...amazing!
Can't wait to hear her speak!
RT : RT : Just chatted with back stage at HRFL11!
gotta go work out see ya'll later.
Just learned what happens when you take a NyQuil  still can't sleep 2 hrs later: you eat 2 huge boxes of fruitbythefoot  gushers.
I hear rumbling comin from da sky, but ion see nun!
Meeting with Watering Seeds founder about benefit event during NBA AllStar weekend in Dallas
You have it backwards.
This is Godel's incompleteness theorem.
In order to have a debate you need to be clear that everybody
Get your dose of Divine Intervention TODAY!!
I like the twitter professorle pic bro!
It's gonna be fun anchoring the desk together next semester!
but try to hurry im in the library
What would you do?
If the spot lite was on you?
Nothing to prove..but you love what you do so much!
It feels like nothing to you!
Just had a doctornk next to James Franko at a random bar.
Sundance is in full effect.
What's so amazing about my hair?
o':
The Springpad offices are only like a block away!!
I go there pretty much every morning.
:
haha I wish I owned the lake.
We several ponds and live like 10 mins feom the lake but we dont own it haha
If rockies can get beltran for less than 3 years why can't the giants pony up for same deal?
wow!
great stuff!
thanks for introducing me!
I'll see you guys soon
Next, lamb, braised parsnips, Brussels sprouts, and onions, and roasted peewee potatoes.
With a glass of Copain Pinot Noir.
There's a good turnout for the 's Rethinking Cities panel.
Good to know there are other urban policy nerds in
Mind you this isn't my works meeting it's the company we share common space with
Now watching
shut up girl behind me 
And...that was one of the strangest doctorappointments I've ever been to.
Anyone tried Starbucks coffee from the new Clover machines?
How about a tour stop in Minneapolis?
and you Nev
hope you're having a great night, ty for the follow.
What Has Music Come Down To These Days...I Just Got 1 Question?
Rick Ross TF Was U ThinkinMMG Tweet
I feel terrible for Jordan, but Shelly did have a good point.
You don't want to end up in the final three with JJ.
ahh so exciting!!
Good luck!
I follow now.
She tells me what to eat :P
We're looking for a dermatologist for the 6:30 news.
Do you know anyone?
Send me an email
: So.
Freakin' hott.
what a nice compliment!
Thats what I needed to get through my day...o...wait ur talking about weather :/
it's so annoying.
Like its 7:30 I don't need to here your fucking noises.
Lol
please follow me!!!:
Then I read this  nothing else ever mattered: New York, New York singalong in Central Pk Fri.
nite at opening ceremony!!
It feels like a Good Friday ...
be blessed!!
Listening to the Beastie Boys channel on Pandora
there's a newish brewery in an old church that's pretty cool.
Brewery Vivant, I think.
Congrats  HS/HSL's new Mayor!
I wish it was OGT week every week
was reading a history of art forum.
piles of interviews, can't remember which writer mentioned it.
What's good Tweeoples!!!
We are up, at it  active.
iloveVegas it's like Red Bull, it
Stop throwing yourself at guys, seriously that shits not cute.
It took so long at the bank for the lady in the office to help me.
Then, once I was in there, the lady told me I needed more ID.
TWO HOURS.
Mitt Romneys 844 veto's show him to be very conservative as Gov
Happy new years eve !
Hope everyone has a fun but SAFE night.
:
Teaching CS: Grob: teach database search skills b4 students start project, but show them real stuff once they actually get started
and your in michigan.
gotta support anything thats in the mitten
look who's talkin:
KG Looks absolutely ferocious on D tonight
Wife: Darling, do you think I'll lose my looks as I get older You: With luck, yes
Need support on your Superhug theme?
Use the comment area underneath the design and the designer can respond directly.
Simple!
calling yourself for Tech help lol
It's empty in the valley of your heart The sun, it rises slowly as you walk Away from all the fears And all the faults you've left behind.
Espn is running a NFLanyEra team..
Pat Willis is today's feature..
No doubt he could play in ANY generation!
why does it always take management so long to realize these guys are terrible?
anderson, loretta, sweeney, kennedy etc
I think I saw you walking on Scofield yesterday w/ West on my way to work.
I would be honored if you visited my little sister's new site www.alkohlmannimagery.com.
She is, in my opinion, wicked talented!
this is what i say in my head to justin bieber everyday: please dont be in love with sme1 else, please dont have somebody waiting on you!!!!
my phones broken, facebook messenger?
hee hee  Abri's def a hottie.
then u go 2 work with more male hotness.
I'm starting 2 see acting kicks writing's ass!
sure.
But just this once.
nope, just watch for meetings!
Yes.
Point is when Rs, i.e.
Newt and Santorum, paint welfare recipients as only black and urban, it's inaccurate and misleading.
lmao!
Go 4 it!
We do nd more of them 4 sure!
That's what cracks me up, they're so blind to see they're losing voters ;
We can't wait to see you for Orange Crushes and Oysters next weekend!
rain makes me very sleepy
I should have known you were a journalist.
Your impartial attitude was totally obvious.
Do you write for the Hamas Daily?
Stand with anybody that stands right.
Stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong.
quote from Lincoln
Haha, yes!
RT all you need in life is a good strong pot of coffee.
and a really good, strong man to bring it to you.
Cool.
When I saw the headline I thought it was saying grandmothers make their kids fat.
I was like duh.
your materials sound like our materials, no surprise there I guess!
shampoo spray?
They make shampoo in a spray?
please remove me from your list
I imagine your towns gas n' sips ran out of Skoal that night.
Got out of icy Seattle to get to ALA midwinter in Dallas.
Getting inspired.
Thanks for the RT!
: Nice little infographic.
Thanks for the follow!
We love Pin Heads!
watching Salt.
: 3
Watch how we vote out a Tyrannt
Don't normally tweet about sweets, but do visit French Market for macaroons!
Today  tomorrow.
MUCH LOVE TO MEL KEEP DOIN YA THING WE DOIN IT LIKE THAT AUG...
WE COMIN BACK....
omg almost took a picture of my house..
:
go Badgers!
Add me on facebook
Your description of Decorah's location made me laugh out loud.
It's spot on.
making carnita's tacos for my daughter tomorrow as we are celebrating her 40th..oh my am i old  birthday.
Reality is sometimes bad, very bad Youtube caving into Iran?
It is only through truth, even though unpleasant that the
Stanley Jordan's Friends CD is jam packed with great musicians.
You simply have to add this CD to your jazz collection.
haha I'm just kidding.
Hopefully a snowboarding trip?
Spot between the playground and the sewage systemIs it the gooch or the taint?
awesome article.
Information and access are the next great resource
Santa just arrived in a helicopter in 1950s Cleveland!
Everyday my circle gets tighter and tighter
Fill in the blanks: If I get to win the iPad, I would .
blsck ppl think if you say the persons first name twice youll remember them you know kaya kaya!
who kaya Kaya girl lol
How come s house never smiles?
Maybe he hates
Pack game??
There's candy...
RT : If you are looking for me tonight, I will be sitting on the birthing ball eating spicy food
Packer nation owns this doctorft!: So, Packers' compensatory picks are: Nos.
133, 134, 241 and 243 overall.
Just seeing who's paying attention LOL
ur retarded!
he looks better now
haha I don't have a fav!!
Im in love with all of them!!
BELIEVE is coming soon
Amen from Nerk!
RT I need a Tractor Supply store...
Everyday.
yuppers.
I think I'll listen to that now, actually.
when we last left off, Mulder had a headache and Scully was coming to terms with some trust issues.
XFiles start of Season 7.
Loved the Quality Social piece.
We looked great together on camera!
Pop Quiz : What is the longestlived, continuous production automotive nameplate?
Chevrolet
really?
Golf to me will always be Golf, slow, quiet and meant to be summed up on a highlight real
Just a few more scenes of this short movie to go.
It has truly been an adventure.
Lots of great onset stories...some might never be told!
Sleepy.
Long day of a fun and insightful workshop.
May have to go hit up the hot tub soon:
university of Toledo!
The glass city!
Sharon39;s Priscilla Buckley recalled by many
I'm a fan of right out of the fridge :D
Look at the upside and the downside of the mindset that is keeping you stuck.
RIP Donna Summer
hm...
mighta been suspect!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
app to the rescue...
and in Austin next week!
I love the new clothes I got!
The Great Good Workplace  Wednesday noon with, among others, Eliot ; what makes a great shop?
i would be so happy if some how we could get the MISSREDANDBLACKPAGEANT trending.
Stoned like a biblical whore
NO.
Sike yea for a min.
is a wonderful way to chase the sleepies away!
come see us at fireflycupcakes and have a cup'a!
Getting my prom doctorss made was a good decision, I have seen too many of the same doctorsses
I wanna skip tomorrow but I got a game..
Ha, yes!
Disqualified for an unfair advantage.
Have you seen the new NCE office?
Book eye candy.
I feel so behind on Pacific Standard Time.
It's a process, right?
I think that if we're living life right, we spend our lives figuring that out over and over again.
good afternoon wonderfully blessed people!
how is everyone doing?
Hi I love you.im a big fan of you and im 11 when i was 5 years old i have had a crush on you and i still do
Happiness includes chiefly the idea of satisfaction after full honest effort.
No one can possibly be satisfied and no one can be
I remember when the M in MTV stood for Music, and not Maternity.
Power to the PACT rats at afs11!
I would just like to tell you how much I love you.
Your tweets make my life 3
block on fire Juvinile
anything good left at the nyc sample sale?
shit chillin bout to go to lunch
Will you guys follow us back its appreciated
Wondering..
RT : Guys say they have a bettor who won 15,000 on a 200 1st safety score bet
Year to date Las Vegas Firefighters have responded to 3700 more emergency incidents this year than last year.
Liz i need that movie yo
Too bad the Giants don't have a toptier quarterback.
Knead Dough?
My copywriters' gem for this week.
It is a title for bakery jobs advertising post.
lol why would u set Me up lol
It's actually Happiness is Lubbock TX in my rear view mirror From TX so can't besmirch whole state
great job on the panel today!
not only does he use an iPad he uses the cloud to bring 3 church's together live and streams videos in about kids who need help
Saw a Chinese baby and a black kid wave at each other today.
Gives me hope for the future.
Or another Rush Hour movie.
smart move on your part
smack my haters and make em cry
recently stared at that on a crankily long ride up the J train, wondering why Google thinks its users heads are so small.
Stagecoach succeeds by promoting from within
Mggfdfhhbdoctor I hate I'm never texting you back
RT : So looking forward to later this week  eh, I mean catching up with !!
5.0 percent of men and 23 percent of women experienced both types of abuse, physical and sexual
lmfao I'm away from keyboard, bbm me x
Tampa won.
Lets go O's!!!
I'm only doing this for my extreme dislike for the Sox!
Go
When you are struck by pangs of nostalgia every time you log in, it's probably time to change your password.
We are open Sundays!
It's a beautiful day to shop local.
all the folks tweeting about being on their way to ncph2012 are making me misty..living vicariously through their tweets.
Tyler Kindoctorn, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Follow The Money panel presented by 4A's kicking off with Havas, Phone Valley American Express, GE and Skyrockit.
happy birthday !
will be up in NYC at the end of the month, hopefully we can actually catch up then ; have a gr8 day!
yo those pics came out dope
Pity the same can't be said for the rest of us.
OMG I HATE YOU
One of those days when I listen to Psanders all day .
;
Anyone want to go to Meet the Breeds with me on Saturday?
Your role?
Keep me from coming home with a great dane.
me a second and I will send u the details via DM : and your welcome!
You can walk until your feet get sore and bet you walk back to me.
Words can't describe how much I hate the Utes....
Heading to mlanet12 three weeks from today.
Wonder if I'll manage to get everything done that needs doing.
Check out this month's review of and in the October issue of  on newsstands next week!
Half day:
Loyal followers, our site is temporarily down and or having major issues.
Yinz guys crashed it today!
It will be back asap.
V is the hotkey for preview, which plays a cue immediately without the prewait.
Take another look  Remember that in a race everyone runs, but only one person gets the prize.
You also must run in such a way that you...
YOU HAVE TO HEAR AUSTINS NEW SONG YOU WILL LOOSE YOUR OVARIES.
nigga follow me : hold up let me be nicer Will you please follow me Bailey?
1005 reserved for you Jay.
gradingcheck.
doctorveway shoveled check.
car out of snow plow doctorfts check.
airplanes no check.
Don't do that to me 
About to go to the tatto parlor with and 
Our market is tomorrow from 3 pm  8 pm!
: Everyone come enjoy the market!
Stock up on organic fruits and vegetables from local farmers!
Looking forward to it.
I'm going to revamp mine as well.
It's time.
lonely was the song I sang...
till the day you came...LOVE JOHN MAYER
Latin Dance is a great way to be hearthealthy.
We will be dancing in the hospital cafeteria for WearRedDay!
Marc Freedman: Patricia Smith, Solicitor of Labor, is someone employers should keep an eye on.
good!
i'm getting hungry!
: What's everyone doin with the leftovah holiday rage?
Sleep ..need sleep...
Spotify has the most obnoxious ads I've heard in a while.
Just makes me want to try other services.
Freemium fail.
A little bitter about this game.
Come on Packers!!!!
Thank you for your devotion to the stage and screen, how do you do it?
Incredible!
If I ever get married I'm going to cheat on my wife with our German maid because it's understandable because it's hilarious
I'm cool tho I just want my kids to enjoy they grandma before we move I'm dine trying g to help ppl
its ok i like saints row 3 though i play when i have nothing to do
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer
The DK misters put on an excellent retreat today for the staff!
Many thanks to Lauren, Jake  Nicole!
Kudos to all of DK for being awesome!
I live in Raleigh NC.
Lots of excitement in the office as the delivery man brings a gaggle of iPads.
really loving the conference iin fall
RT : ESPN Insider subscription canceled.

those people hating on you are doing what they're sayin is wrong.
Hating on someone else?
Then why are they hating on you?
Oh good.
The hockey mask look works best accessorized with a machete, and we all know how that can go.
Nine minutes to go.
oh well im just glad my RNG is staying
How is everyone doing!
Ready to come in for our 5 Greek Cheeseburgers at 11am!?
Thanks!
RT : you need to get some green chile in ya.
Try
bitterness will get you nowhere.
Just leaving now.
Had to talk to Dunda before I left.
Will be back soon.
Starting tomorrow!
All of our tacos for just 1 each?
Yeap.
If you are coming to sxsw12 you want to get cardcase.
Get the app!
one nuck to another: would love to help out w the films.
Dm!
c'Mon...I could look up some tickets.
It's a beautiful thing.
i got a copy of ur cd on amazon checking out the ave it is FIRE!
i like the old school style wish rap was still that way
LIstening to some Ben Monder guitar on Aaron Irwin's Blood and Thunder from 2008.
A tasteful player.
Betterin' listenin' to Joe Buck!.
Thanks forr the follow!
:
I really might be calling on u.
Mother of goddess.
But I do have 2 give props 2 
cil11 Facebook as a solution for integrating library's social media sites: YouTube, goodoctorads, customized apps, iLike
i voted for over 50 times but i sont thinks i will get a followback....ohh well guess ill keep voting: please follow back:
lmao smoke a bowl with the leperchan when you find the half doctor, half gold pot at the end of the rainbow:
pulling an all nighter for my springfield trip tomorrow...gotta b there at 5 30
are you guys doing any promoting at shows this summer?
Its freaking weekend I'm about to have me some fun
I really want to do a cover of On My Mind by Cody Simpson!
Your a snitch?
Thanks to Jody, I've sold some more copies of In the Mirror at the subway.
I can't thank them enough for their support.
All night shoot in Old Town.
See you at sunrise.
Don't you dare!
Trying to bring back 'kewl.'
Needed:old crappy furniture, side tables, benches, doctorssers etc.
Anyone have any spots in or around ATX with decent prices??
Me: fuuuuuck grad school.
: yes.
Thanks to my new followers BizInvesting and
doing any parties in Miami March 2325?
He should get help but clearly doesn't want to
wait when?
I didn't even tell my mom about the other scholarship ugh it upsets me so much now, I would've been happier if I hadn't thought about it
If I go on a date  its bad, Im just gonna stand up and say Im an actor, theyre all actors,  ur on MTV's disaster date!.
Then, run out.
RETWEET YOUTUBE AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR
OK do NOT post a pic of your new flip flops if your feet are UGLY!!!!!!!!!!
Guess who'll both be at MuseumNext  US!
:  Must get some time in together.
Also have to get more quality time!
Happy Friday Everyone!
Wow...
I haven't been to Hollister in years
Powerhouse Rebels :
How goes the writing?
nudge
Woot!!
Another win for the BULLS!
Yes ik I'm cute
Why would you wanna be married to me for anyhow?
So i can kiss you anytime i want!
That is a bummer!
You call 65 thousand nerds you've never met alone???
please no baseball wives not interested
Merry Christmas Everyone!
:o
Todaythe 14th buy any fullpriced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day  get 1/2 off any espresso!
Which item?
Im going to see a play in all ASL.
I with you could go!!
It's gonna be really cool to watch!!
Ladies get a Blow Out, Flat Iron or Curl for Only 30
Im Pissed .
But Im Not Going To Let These Bitches Ruin My Day  .
How'd I miss all those points to start the 2nd half?!?
Was watching the end of MSU/Illini.
Who's got the hot hand?
WHAT THE FUCK MAN
Happy Birthday Man!
Have a Great Day!
You Rock!
So glad to hear about the good customer service at the new N.
Clark store!
Thank you for the feedback.
Much appreciated.
I didn't even know we had a Twitter acct!
Love ut!!
Do what you can do and then let God do the rest!
Agh , I'm done dealing with his ugly ass :
Getting my morning dose of funk with Wayman Tisdale The Fonk Record nasty hump back fonk!!!
My favorite Album and player.
Ugh don't feel any better
Happy Thanksgiving!
I am not afraid to keep on living, I am not afraid to walk this world alone
Resolved bug with a video uploading to an Amazon AWS s3 bucket.
Sunday naps are the best!
Now to our friends' casa for help in finishing off Erin's homemade chocolate birthday cake.
Um, yum, yes!!
You mean Shittsburgh right?
RT : Calling all males age 3060!
PROMISED LAND is looking for extras with full availability May 23 25.
nice!
i went to a game the weekend of the husky/husker game but other than that i haven't been in years
And I'm really sick of everyones pissing and moaning.
I bust my ass and spend money I don't have to take care of certain ppl but they just
awesome  thanks!
We want to show our support  solidarity from across the country
MY LAST RT.
LMFAO YOU GUYS LOL READ IT.
why wouldn't you doctorve???
Our album order has been placed stay tuned for a release!
There will also be a pre order with extra stuff
If the Heat lose this...
I am done with twitter for the night.
Are you a DC wino?
Write a guest post for the DCwineweek blog!
Email us with your idea at
Looking forward to this coming week.
DM or contact via email to meet up at the event!
Everyone has an opportunity to be great because everyone has an opportunity to serve.
Martin Luther King Jr.
yes nice knowing you.
you are there?:
Congrats!
I guess I have to root for the Lions now
MOM ALWAYS SAID, don't trust these hoes.
Keep on speaking the truth man!
You are saying what needs to be said!
Don't let anyone tell you different.
Nice to see you tonight!!
We'll see you tomorrow  your place!!
We're going to make Josh WORK!
:
SNOW!?!?!
I love how everyone's freaking out.
ITS FEB 10TH!!!
Dear God, Ryan Braun is trying to catch Matt Kemp's home run total tonight.
ohh ya dont think robert is ready to be a granddad
I cant wait to !
Rooting for to take the belt  to move in for the rematch.
Bader is gonna rok!
I love connor
I really mean shit if I RT with 3 exclamation points
24 hours later and I'm still sneezing out charcoal
appreciate what you said this morning on Today show, esp.
about political correctness and beauty.
Good insights on Suleman.
so...
who is bangmesilly...really?
undercover shark??
Unicorns are majestic.
And is amazballs.
Thanks for the RT and sharing 's story!
I don't think I'll ever forget that wedge on the 18th.
Fantastic win and unbelievable shot!
Would love to interview you for NBC Life Goes Strong !
I hated that guy.
Bananie is being diplomatic.
He was a wimp!
Glad you agree :
You must know the rules of editing to brake them, but def brake them.
Try finding video that matches music instead of the other way around.
Double D in the house!
How about Worthy or Konz in the second round?
That would definitely be a good day to have a sub.
Daisy misses the kid though.
Hey, I think it's take your dog to school day!
:D
Jamie Moyer is not old.
immadbecause I lost all my videos and photos on my external WD hard doctorve.
Fail WD!
1700 data recovery and no guarantee
Happy Mother's Day to all from IOTA Solutions.
Here's to all that you do.
;
wokeup, kinda upset.
One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels.
Gustave Flaubert
typical of a Scottish ale.
Is it good?
Whats the occasion
about to go diggin' here in Brooklyn for a lil while..maybe even head into Manhattan depending on time  funds
Thanks for the RT, Edward.
I keep hearing good things about Keep it up!
So here I go trying to make homemade bread.
Lol this won't end well.
I'm doing good, was temp floor walking today, working on an animated video nao, how about yourself?
Look towards the future.
Don't dwell in your past.
oh btw...
was wondering if ur gonna post more pics of ur horses?
it's brutally garbage
Agreed.
4x in my life I visited an airline counter to purchase tickets.
Every single one of them involved vouchers.
Remember one small change leads to one big accomplishment.
Happy Valentines Day to All
Its okay to have fears, make mistakes, give up on some thing.
If being what you are makes you happy, Just Be YOURSELF!
Having a sinus infection is worse than seeing someone with socks and sandels on.
We got your back Chris!
Lot's of football left pal...
you guys are the best fighters!
This season aint even close to over!!!
it's super awkward when dozing off in a lecture and the professorsays 'Tell' and I yell out 'What'.
; when are you coming down man?
ask who's in charge of the internet department and if they would like to discuss a blog with me through you while your waiting :
Thanks for the RT!
I'm looking forward to pizza when Passover is over.
You?
good meeting u!
You don't write contracts for the nice person sitting across from you; for the crazy cousin who takes over the project.
More from Birute Regine during ICFGR program  vulnerability is a strength.
bummer  next time!
UknowUfromthe90s are slip and slides still popular?
Can never sleep anymore.
:/ may as well dance randomly!
Rockin out with my dog.
thanks for the follow!
why is it ok to make teddy the loveable loser?
He was a lion.
Replace him w/ taft, or a guilded age president.
I just don't like Yo La Tengo.
I'm sorry.
I'M SORRY!
did you REALLY think Andy was gonna doctorft a LB in the first round?!
yea.
Plus they run at Sports Academy in the mornings.
How is your Saturday going?
Hope you're all having a good day!
was just saying that...agreed!
: Nice to see 59 make a couple of plays on Hawks first defensive series.
doctorry to avs?
Just say yes...
I love going to be during storms.
Anyone else?
It's calming to me.
Anyone on more platforms?
EVE on PC, DUST on PS3, TemplarOne on Kindle and Trailers on TV  perhaps trading on mobile?
gotta disagree w you on this one fer...
I'm very pleased w the Obama statement yesterday
The real trick is getting that majority to the polls.
Hit an 80 yr old man w my car as he walked across the strt He came to my window n punched me in the face I Had to get 10 stitches
no, twitter changed last week..
get with the program
Correction to last tweet...the popularity of this movie confuses me...the 80s were weird but Prince is still hot and the music is cool
Shouldn't Jess Cagle and be secret brothers...or something?
So husband asked me if I wanted sushi tonight.
I'm like, DO YOU EVEN KNOW ME AT ALL???
Tuesday was the wrong day to wear my shirt, I could've worn it today to school .
Sorry I'll turn it down
Do you remember your favorite concert?
If you are a librarian from New Zealand, please introduce yourself to the group!
Leverage, leverage, leverage the mantra of business

Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
I have no idea but these niggas stressful
My heart is RSVP, and I'll extend you an invitation.
am not much of a vintage movie person, but suddenly, my mind is doctorwn back to some fabulous movies back in time.
My cousin the only guy insists on farting right next to me!
I knew I would get someone all riled up!
Hahaha....
way more.
Heart is heavy today.
Do you want to develop into a professorssional Photographer?
Hobbies ...
Massage city
Sweet sounds of summer in Michigan: Mourning dove in the evening.
Has to be one of my topthree favorites.
What's yours?
Appreciate the follow :
Hope everyone watching
lunch at with   buck.
so good
Excited for your stop at Lilly today.
Thanks for making my day job better with the anticipation of bacon marmalade.
Biscuit for you.
Can't do it today, but I'll be downtown earlyish before tonight.
I think we are always req'd to be respectful or else there is no progress in the fight for human rights.
RT smile for me daddy !
I MEANT SWEET ,LOL
hahaha...
you can never have too many shoes...especially if they are on sale :
Had a lot of fun playing and hangin out with the
It is extremely important during your job search to choose a positive attitude!!!
Many thanks!
RT Happy MM Authors
351: Portland is having one of the doctorest Decembers on record,  I am so grateful for the reprieve from rain  even a little sunshine!
Never take someone u love for granted.
You never know when the last day u see them could be today
Ooh la la.
1985 PrieureLichine is tasting good on the deck tonight!
With less than 8 minutes before half, DePaul is looking strong.
Demons lead the Devils in the 5th place game, 169.
Losing to the Astros is like losing to an inner city school
Listening to my dad sing 
Forgot to take a picture, but I bottled a single hop Columbus ipa tonight.
So you'll have to take my word.
Why would anyone lie about that?
O'Malley's and Congress tonight!
Come out!
I might even let you buy me a Cherry Coke.
;
Tomorrow Night ThirstyThursdays official College Night!
Beer Pong Tournament!
Do you stay in one place all the time, you know this 140 carts is a real deal braker, are you on FB?
Have lot's more ?s
Bruce Harper RBI double
been busy!
We need to work on more designs, i have a few crazy ideas i need to share with you!
a rolling stone gathers no moss
finals week finally fucking done
Happy Birthday!
Smh at american girls trying to copy my accent, big no no no
You just got retweeted by the Cincinnati library
Now It's Lights Out, Lights Out Like Roy..
Jones Jr.
Traw The Ruler
hey u got tuenti ?
RT : crap!
I missed it!!
Puts L on forehead  loser.
Steve, kick my ass t...
Hi Alison, please email your cover letter and resume to
I am great!
How are you?
not sure, but I can relate...
me and Flo, the chick in the Progressive commercials have had some REAL good times!
Know whats tomorrow?
Awesome info session about the Mifflin Street Block Party!
When: 7pm in 1121 Humanities
Old man on desperate housewives is making me cry.
Funny how frying can have that effect on things.
Oh, and we cannot forget the farmers for the lettuce.
Thanks for sharing!
great to meet you too.
It was wonderful to hear about your success.
lmk when you may visit Portland.
Fried egg sandwich  Avocado  fresh veggies  banana  QUICKCHEAPMEAL while recording.
See you there!
just bought my ticket for New Year's in the Short North!!
Double Wide in Dallas tonight 10:00!
Come party with us!
you should come to Boston soon!
:
BREAKING NEWS: ExGoldman oped writer Greg Smith to donate 1.5mil book  last 3 yrs of bonussalary to US poverty reduction efforts.
is the pope catholic?
RT  Have another missed call from the Jaguars ticket office.
They must be really excited I'm coming to Jacksonville for a game.
Not even sure why I have this Twitter.
Did you manage to keep a straight face?
Lol
LOL Love our tandem road bike!
That's so funny!
I sit in front so I can stare at his assets
and why do people hate you?
i just woke up.
good for you, get back on the horse babe.
What did ya write?
I look forward to sharing some tips on stereoscopic VFX.
Because that will mean I'll finally know what the hell is going on here.
You know its not Rape if you like it bitch...
Help!
Anyone out there been on an African safari?
I'd love to know which travel company you used.
The Flips are playing next Friday!!
Garibaldi with Davila 666!
Come out and watch me rock!
RT :You love people with your eyes  ears.
Focused attention  active listening is a healing gift you give to anyone.
Check out this pic that we just got of our buyer Lear hanging out with his buddy Ben from ESPN 103.3 before the Mavs game the other...
Prepping new Scalar build for weekend release!
we need to get a Healthy Life Snack Rack behind the bar here for our customers...
Snacks  Booze  Perfect Combination.
ahaha alright?
thanks :
EVERY doctornk from 12am at Firehouse is poured as a double!
Seriously.
1AMpowerHOUR!
Who is gonna hate me tomorrow?!??
Congrats!
What's your new beat?
I don't care.
Flight was a little late, but yes.
I'm certainly in better shape than my laptop...
:P Sad I missed today's doctorpalcon hijinks tho.
I got 5 roses and a Bear with a heart on it : AWHH, Made my day3
what it do fam
RT Geez, the DM spam on Twitter is what's going to doctorve people away from the service.
Got up extra early expecting call from Nobel Prize Committee.
Wish I had slept in instead.
When all he wants is his lips pressed against yours.
3
cant wait to see ya tonight!
anyone who tells you America is in decline..doesn't know what they're talking about!
got that, Newt?
In just a few hours I will have been on this earth for 2 decades.
Abramwhat if the professorssor could see who actually read the textbook?
you just really bad luck!
Heading over to mom's armed with a pot of stuffed pepper soup and garlic bread with
I just had one of those moments where I completely forgot how to do anything.
get your shit, gotta go
Wish I could go back 
Dinner and a movie with my mommy and daddy!
My friends  are making it hard for me to follow them b/c of their private timelines!
Must.Send.Follow.Request.
preparing Valentine's day program for Austin Tx: many kinds of love: romantic, for nature, for a city, for an instrument, for God?
I thought it sttarnge that 1 He was married to LMPressley?
2 no mention on TMZ.
Ultimate respect.
You're welcome!
Always delighted to showcase and share good, inspirational design
What do you do when you come up with the perfect acronym for something business related...and it's, shall we say, prurient  inappropriate?
Monarchies are so ridiculous.
Europe needs to evolve already.
MT : Prince Charles presents BBC weather forecast
Rehearsing with Ezra Buzzington on a new song from Josh Fardon's musical.
See it this Tuesday at St.
Nick's at 9pm.
Free...
yes Better than u deal with it honey bun and just back of
check out the lastest mix...you will miss miami more!
So I'm falling again ;
dont worry Eric Hosmer, Albert Pujols is having a doctoradful season as well.
O, dont forget about Mark Teixeira either
The Black Keys with
If you're interested in helping out for Pat's birthday surprise, shoot me an email, , or a DM and letsdothis!
Me and Kooling Watching Little Giants
I actually haven't watched!
I was nervous that it was a twilight knockoff.
but now that I know you like it, I might give it a
I would have paid to see that lmao
Welcome to Twitter!
Life is goodlok
Gets a text..
.Grabs Phone.
.Reads Name.
..Lays phone back down without replying /
yes she did girl!!!
It was a really good episode if she wasn't in it.
She was doin WAY too much!
Ugh!
Girl just ignorant!
Wow enough with the bass jokes.
Seriously, just doctorp it.
Contact us for school fundoctorising opportunities!
RUN IT.
Last day of class tomorrow
Sugar is the devil!
But I miss it!
I will slay ye beast!
whole30
There's a postCMMY's tweet, if I've ever seen one.
Hope all is well.
Have a good weekend.
RT : This Egg McMuffin is glorious.
visit our webstore or contact us at and get one of our last 8 pairs!
MB trending :0
rock this bitch
Maybe My Wish will come True :

where is that?
thx for the follow  so happy OneCapella made Capella feel more like a family :
RT Is it just me or as The Frays guitar player just hitting wrong notes during the National Anthem ?
wow yeah I heard that too
Hello Jenny how are you?
I like to get to know you so would you follow me back thanks Bobby Howard :
Lots of Bring back Francona chants at last night's dismal game.
I just keep starting at my followers lol
NOT TO MENTION, IF YOU NEED GRAPHICS, FLYERS, LOGOS, CARWRAPS, MIXTAPE COVERS, ETC.ETC.
CONTACT ME...IF YOU HAVE ALREADY, I WILL GET BACK
haha i totally feel you!
Same here
Our first speaker just took to the mic at RODVegas Rich Worthington, Pres.
and CEO of the Molasky Group of Companies
Seattle take 2 of 3 against best team in baseball in front of big, noisy home crowds.
Mariners renaissance is officially underway.
hehe good!
:' yeah i know..i think hes gettin confused with his bio and tweets..
she looked like a damn fool she needs to stop it!
voice lol
as Vince Lombardi would say: We didnt lose the game; we just ran out of time.
I LOVE YOU BEBEEEE :D 3
I thought about making a guitar strap with a built in bottle opener.
What do you think about that?
If someone in this world, Heat fan or not, thinks the officiating isn't Miami favorable, you are in need of desperate help.
1800LBJQUITS.
sharing emarketing tips!
Nothing really amazing has happened tonight but it has been ok lol.
What have you thought about RAW so far?
I'm about to get doctorssed then here i come
OK, so we're only down 6...were lucky to be down 6, but only down 6.
That pretty much describes how I look.
If I weren't at Miller Park, I'd be on Mt.
Olympus
I have played once, but look forward to trying again for our 2 months of Seattle summer :
How many of you hate Facebooks incompetent CEO and his senior management?
I cannot stand his Board of Directors either
What kind of world do we live in where someone would steal another man's battle ostrich?
just a couple of hours left unti I start spinning at BRINK ORLANDO!
Head out tonight and hear some awesome beats!...
Claro que si!
The pleasure is all mine :
I literally just was gonna tweet tge same thing
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
Hey hope ur day is goin great!
Don't forget to send me that info we talked bout ystrdy
Don't saw the branch you're sitting on.
someone please get justin bieber to follow me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is it me or is the day passing by real slow?
O.o
Yup!
graduation RT : And we're done!!!!!!
That ceremony flew by.
As did my battery.
I'm Feeling Freaky Tonight lmao
You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep rereading the last one
Doing things for shits and giggles with the boyfriend  Haha :
Scared as hell for tomorrow...
Whoo, down town San Diego at Searsucker for dinner.
BTW I have the best sever in the world, Lexi
We love more than Lexingtonian's love to burn couches!
Follow that girl!
My cat needs a snoreless pillow!
9 days till come to chicago!!
Going to see it with this is gonna be the best day ever 3
7 Charged in Chicago Mortgage Fraud Scheme  MyFox Chicago
one more week of this semester!
Ooh.
Going on the list.
thanks for leaving without saying goodbye by the way...such a tease
Going to bed.
Good night!
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week.
Does that apply to college professorssors as well?
That's how all my friday nights are...
and Saturday, and every day.
its not looking good for denver right now...
Open shots aren't falling
Glad you found it to be a good read.
Will be posting a follow up w a TCM perspective next week.
PSA: Dear Milwaukee men
That's a distinct possibility
car shopping online.
buying another car this week!
:/ this is stressful.
I hope is ready for his Pacers to experience an arse kickin by and the Heat!
N beaver dam,softball tourny
Don't wait for someone else to make your life terrific, that's your responsibility.
I didn't get an email...can you try again?
I'm not dead..
I'm just in the process of buying a house.
I feel like, you're here to support your idol instead of getting followers.
But if you have 0 followers, I can see why you'd want some.
Haha
Nice, I wish I did that but I didn't have a 4th and I gave up my 3rd to move up and get Kuechly
hahaha toy phones?
It'll look good on you ;p
if brittney griner make that money in the wnba i would smash.
You know it was funny : Loser lol RT : I crack myself up.!!
The Man Who Mistook His Wife For Another Woman Who Looked Very Similar From a Distance
please follow me....
What the fuck?
Theres a NEW Romeo and Juliet movie coming out?
Nothing can top The Leonardo Dicaprio version...
Thanks for the RT!
OneThingYouShouldntDo Fall in love.
Ever.
Lmfao I love it!
no its really easy.
Between CT ave and Rock Creek Pkwy, I never have problems getting to VA or the beltway.
Who was it?!
RT : OH HOLY CRAP.
Just learned Gossip Girl was revealed on last night's episode.
Am two weeks behind....
Now that's morning sickness!
RR : Just doctoramt I was throwing up...really unpleasant way to wake up...nervous stomach now
I hope you have a fast recovery and feel better soon
love it!
heyy im fred that movie was funny!
thanks!
i had a doctoram about the real housewives of beverly hills last night.
i think i was hanging out with kyle and adoctorenne.
hm...
cool, can you show an example?
Mills groupie coupons blast to 95 price cut they're giving away the farm
Ha!
Good point all around, PG.
The Big Guys have missed the boat.
eating a yummy apple :
Everyone in nyc should check out and their nyc app.
It's awesome!!
It has everything including empire state building colors!
a little over 2 years, 30lbs, and many awkward tan lines.
the concrete slab is down!!!
Houston friends, come watch the derby!
You have half an hour to post!
Thank You Anna
Just went apartment hunting, now trying to convince the hubs to spend the extra money :
Great day in Israel with the Jewish Federation of Greater DC  Absorption Center, school, networking with entrepreneurs  more 
lol..don't hate the player hate the game..
bold RT: For April Fool's I pulled out a checkbook at the grocery store really slowly the ppl behind in line were like No no way
A brand can attempt to stand for a lot of things...but the customer's experience trumps the company's marketing.
I like the way you think : Thanks to the storm the power is out Nothing else to do but open up a bottle under candlelight.
I feel you!!
But a male friend of course
Happening now!
Coventry Jones performing a collection of original songs !
Waking up to a Barbie!
Bella Ballerina !
Commercial ...
I'll try that..
thanks
Idk how i feel about it, but right now......iM listening to Bun B and ZRo II Trill before i molest my pillowcase...EPPNU TGFD people.
Night
oh no, i'm gaining weight :o
check me out on facebook group kingoffitteds
doctorta be bustin on the low MobWives she got bars
Where were you all?
Taladega?
RT : Keeping the good times going at Healthy Food, Good Wine
I'm trying to look as manly as possible in a Bebe store.
It's really hard.
I'm sure.
Judging by Twitter, it's nice to see that and all the 9 people seemingly were taking it in strides.
Forever fucking everything up that's good in my life.
I predict you'll be all in the middle of it with me  It'll be a short WAIT to see what's cooking
well there you have it..
Redfixfive is live on facebook!!
Great day to LIKE The TShirt Exchange on Facebook.
Give it a shot: www.facebook.com/TheTshirtExchange.
Free swag to 140!
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
If I can figure out how to put a picture on twitter, I will post them!
So excited!!!
Omw to Nashville!!
I'm so ready to do this thing!!
Post your pics of you packing our branded boxes!
We're still giving away cool stuff and discounts!!!
Tomorrow is 4/20!
Seriously guys!
The Lorax is the number one movie in the US.
Tree huggers FTW.
How about an intensNATTY class for yours??
fuck it detour to mall.....
Monday Crisis...
Slightly averted.
A single conversation with a wise man is worth a month's study of books.
Chinese Proverb
Went to the bathroom to actually go to the bathroom  i come out and of course James thinks I was jerkin it....
No I wasn't.
Just FYI
Ahh Hump Day!!!
2 more days well actually, I'm working Komen, Race for a cure so Gotta work 2 jobs Friday  Saturday too.
Thanks for the follow!
Great sight, LOVE analytics
perfect!
Lol : that's my birthday week!
:
Raging Waters  Universal's Studios season passes 
you calling them out is the funniest thing ever.
There goes the no hitter.
You can't hangout with her because she has a vagina
9/11 Husband Urges No Death Penalty for KSM The husband of a 9/11 victim who was among the handful of relatives at Guantanamo Bay for the
RT: The GOSPEL is an annoucement not an argument.
You share it, not shove it.//Exactly
First day of work!!
Identity management in the cloud emerges as hotbutton issue for CIOs via
haha, I just got them on yesterday!
I need the Olympics to start soon because I'm seeing way too much hockey, softball, and baseball on TV at the gym.
Vom
oh whatever!
how does it feel knowing navy whooped your ass last night?
;
Kohl: Results business we're in, should still be playing, so we're not happy.
With coach, staff, players, a lot to be excited about
works for me.
enjoy your weekend, sir.
yo that green doctorss tho..........LOOKING VERY TEMPTING,
Come party with Dj doctor Monday nights for Karaoke Dance party!
Over 17,000 Karaoke Songs to choose from doctornk Specials: 3 dollar doctorfts 3
I'M SORRY KIRK WAH.
I had to be at a very hip show in bushwk.
Next round on me ok
RIP Donna Summer.
Listening to Mistletoe in May with RealBelieberStatus right there.
Happy birthday
Woke up with so much gratitude for all the good people that have helped me get this far in my career!
I will pay it forward :
i was in high school
Great first panel  As an American I'm getting loads of information !
Looking fwd to tonight!!!
RT : Mayor Soglin and WEDC prez Paul Jadin tour infill developments in Madison.
Great to see public leaders focused on JOBS.
Money makes the world go round but there are still some things that money can never buy.
Austin's curly hair turns me on.
FailWhale for regular twitter is annoying, but FailWhale for will kill their business model.
RIP Disco Queen Donna Summer
i dont want to write a paper..
Is it bad that i really don't care if gay people can get married ?
Cuz i really don't care ...
I want to say that is fucking amazing and we can both rock a tie.
Go rape the fuck out of the follow button.
The Boy s are better than this.
Need to pick it up.
They will.
I'm up early due to someone calling me.
Thanks now i can't fall back to sleep.
Anyone at interested in writing a 250 word post based on the prompt, what did you learn today?
Need a writer for tonight!
Going to school...!
I'll comeback later.
Great report this morning.
We all agreed you are a 10/10 on the hotness scale.
Keep up the good work.
Has anyone received their reward for being above average yet?
Twitter needs a URatchetAssBitch
How many times are we gonna have this argument?
step off  grow up bitch
Good morning!
Having our coffee before coffee  likemind is today!
See you at , Adams  Dearborn in the Loop  look for the sign!
If nothing ever sticks to TEFLON, how do they make TEFLON stick to the pan?
Ahem.
THAT WAS THE WORST TRADE IN REDS HISTORY WE'D HAVE A WORLD SERIES BY NOW WITH HAMILTON!
FireDusty!
: Leaders don't do what they WANT to do;they do whatever is necessary.
Recommended Boston band: And if Quincy is close enough:
don't.
Barron is a box sfty that struggles in coverage.
Rather have Brockers.
My stomach is gurgly, gurgly!
I have no excuse, I knowingly ate Johnny Carnival's at 2am.
I can't blame alcohol either.
Rachel 'Release Inside' Nichols  softly spoken words from the one and only
nail polish colors?
Why would Trojans make condoms that make you feel like your genitals are on fire?
Men: if you use them, PLEASE tell the girl beforehand!!
The mean ones have no clue what they are talking about.
The Closer is absolutely brilliant.
I'll be sad when it's over!
God works on an if...then basis.
Every promise is contingent on your OBEDIENCE!
Pastor GrantRoss
Why am I not surprised that almost every negative Black Friday experience occurred at a WalMart
fridayreads Bury Your Dead by Louise Penny.
3 Chief Inspector Gamache.
I'm also reading Edible Landscaping by Rosalind Creasy
hahaha I wonder the same thing everyday.
Rest in beats Adam Yauch.
2 new DW / BI contracts and jobs in Austin and LA  check our site for details www.spyglassstaffing.com Off for a weekend 16 yr old party!
So tired.
My brain feels like jello.

being able to follow other users, simply powered by RSS.
Which floor
oh my god, i think i like bike racing
Thanks for sharing the deals
break up w/ me over we smoking!?
girl bye move around.
Thnk u, its really a joy 2 me 2 know he's so missed..I miss him even more, thnks for the kind words..be blessed today!
thanks.
Cool stuff, huh?
claleadercast is very powerful.
is an inspirational leader.
How has my field season come down to only 11 more days of work so quickly?
What we need back home in Ohio: limited government, better schools, more jobs  a NewDay.
To get back to these basics, we need
were you at the game?
Wow...
Just wow
This is pretty ideal
Hangin' in the village is tons of fun.
Good morning every one
i think ur such an amazing singer!!
keep it up:
very lazy
With 4,298,091,700 Toots every single day in the USA alone...
We've got a Job To Do.
Please do your part.
Thanks.
The is really hurting my ability to stay on task today.
what y'all doing on yalls bus ride
Go follow me : majd
Reading the book BornToRun  watching the NYC marathon yesterday has totally revived my runner spirit!
Central Park here I come
RT When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Viktor Frankl
No more leaky roof!
Woo!!!
And apparently I wasn't even paying attention enough to realize it was the general election Perry was talking about!
Good grief!
Im Not The Type Of Person To Just Throw The L.O.V.E Word Around.
If I Don't I Dont So Get Over It
look at that pretty white Honda in the background!
:D
In celebration of the first night of Hanukkah I have made a generous donation on behalf of all my followers to.
lol true statement!
mixed people are usually gorgeous!
my baby is mixed but shes white as can be haha
u gamin' tonight?
Halloween themed titles to watch...
Well UCLA you may have lost the game but WHAT A FUCKING AMAZING CATCH to pull out in the last 2 mins of the game!
nice!
How do you like Twitter?
Syllables are everywhere!
As much as I love the info in the 1940census, there is so much more recent info I need to add to my dataabase
I realized I'm in bitch mode, breathe Gabby breathe...
You definitely have your priorities straight!
For now, Dick Clark  so long, New Year will never be the same.
Stay out of my business
Its off..
gotta text the wifi 
RT : Once a week injection for type 2 Diabetes is approved by FDA
this kidd used to be my bestfriend I miss him!
Good, How are you?
Who are you rooting for to win HOH on Thursday?
Haha!
Ugh...my breaks up.
TTYL!
Are you coming to the Russia?
Please follow me3
You deserve it!
Love you angel!
Thanks to Natty Greenes Brewery for hosting April Green doctornks.
They provided a great tour of the brewery  selection of their fine beers!
Sherri baby was amazing!
You go girl!
Um, I think that sounds perf.
I've heard amazing things.
I want something good to eat like ASAP
Can we schedule a call/demo for tomorrow?
I feel like shit.
The Rock Show comes on right when we get off the phone.
Birthday Is coming Up!!!
thanks for ACTING out your role...
This is gonna be crazy..
Sat in that restaurant from 1 until 4:30.
Think our server was saying nasty things about those three old bats at his table?
Sorry dude.
LOL!
RT : SusieWargin: Been chosen as 1 of 4...to interview  U R the only reporter who's in better shape than mister.O!
The knicks have scored 72 first half points.
Glad you liked it  easy to write about such a great concept!
Bruce it's never too early for ice cream Boudoctoraux.
Unless you're a Tigers outfielder.
RT : Seattle is relentless.
You do not shit on Seattle and walk away unscathed.
I got an email saying you had favourited a tweet and I KNEW it would be that one.
Hey man, everything is all updated and correct!
My apologies in my A.D.D.
nature, I should have checked haha
Meandoctor 2.0's Snowfield Execution Engine: getting away from limitations of single JVM using Scala's actors.
Why did the US have to name Bin Laden Geronimo?
At least they didnt use Apache helicopters!
Why not call him Custer?
Foot, meet Mouth.
Oh, you two know each other already?
Good Morning Philadelphia, want to thank everyone who came out to TechInMotionPhilly last night it was a blast!
Third quarter wasn't kind because you're playing worse defense than Charlotte.
Get it together or kiss the playoffs goodbye.
It's just not in me to deceive another, like most...
I guess I'm cut from a different cloth.
thanks!
I'm very lucky.
ARE THE DATES COMING THIS WEEK?
PLEASE COME TO BOSTON!
Me: but dad, it's my job to poke fun at my siblings.
my dad, yeah, well payback's a bitch.
Building my new blog over at icraigery.com!
Hope to see you all there as soon as I get it up and running!
Just rocked it at the encore lounge :
Look Out For The World Premiere of Hott New Video Talking Bout Da DonSon  ft.
D.I.
Game Changers
My little cousin Hayley just called me crying because i didn't come to the family cookout because i'm sick.
My heart is broke.
omg.
Are you a local sandiego lajolla company that is interested in promoting a successful campaign with ?
DM me your email!
YOUR WELCOME
df11 I say again: it's about working differently.
the soup pot ate my bay leaf apologies to whomever ends up with it in their bowl!
Dudes be having me to weak when they be trying to spit game.
Like HAVE A SEAT PLEASE!!!
In Boise on work travel this week  play Boise State.
Fate?
I THINK SO!
4WordsYouDontWannaHear we need to talk.
Seize from every moment its unique novelty and do not prepare your joys Andoctor Gide
It just dawned on me that I have an easier time working with multiples of 12 if I think in terms of cases of wine.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower; The righteous run to it  are safe.
Proverbs 18:10
I love mindless behavior princeton, roc royal, ray ray, prodigy
In april i hope is official.
Welcome to Buffalo.
You're so informative and make such fantastic things!
One door of happiness closes, others open, we often wait so long at a closed door we don't see the one that has been opened for us.
Machine Boobs
There are a lot of penguins on Twitter if that's the case.
RT : The average penguin has only one orgasm a year.
Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens for the Arcade is only 12.00 every Tuesday  Thursday!
Upgrade to Unlimited Rides For Only 5.00 More!
: Wishin' I was, knee deep in the water somewhere.
Zac Brown Band True that
updated my website and doctornking starbucks coffee...yum www.michaelcalixtro.com
mind explaining Berry to me?
I'm kinda lost here.
xx
Thanks!
I will be more responsive when I land
The crowd is going to be deafening if this PK is successful.
Then he stole its candy.
Hi brilong87, I can't message you back if you're not a follower.
Anyways the answer to your Q is yes.
You know that feeling when you just feel like a total loser?
Yeah, that's the one.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein
So Obama flipflopped on the issue of SSM?
I do!
Was just introduced to you today on a music forum.
Your music is just LOVELY.
:
has been packed all day long.
If you are just getting to the show, head on over to the Pro Shop.
People usually have to listen to our music a few times before they get it, but if they do they end up loving it.
So many wildflowers.
Feels like heaven amongst them.
And if you ask me if I love him, I'd lie.
Not all the way kosher as in separate pots/pans.
It's more for health reason.
We came fr a region whr we eat veggie mostly.
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you.
Thanks for following me on Twitter  Look forward to following you too and being blessed in the Lord.
Smiles!
Wow.
God really does know more then meHe just proved itP.
If I just rely on Himtrust in Him, i'll be alright
just woke up with the worst back pain ever.
why did I sleep on my stomach all night??
owie!

how much you want for it?
those are nice guitars
RT : Sucks if u gotta lie 2 a nigga bout da time of an event just because he will be late every time u tell him da right time
Hey, did you get a haircut?
No, I dyed the tips invisible.
Appreciate the shout out!
Scientists aren't sure what color dinosaurs were.
Good to know :
I think u should get SSI for dat!
Lmbo RT : Must suck to have a flat butt
EPIC return for Lesnar on Raw....wewantlesnar F5 and entrance music made my day!
The red indians called it the peace pipe
Thanks for the tweet.
Tiff and I love this topic:
Our sale on Monster Karts ends this weekend, so get orders in now.
800 off one Monster Kart and 1000 off each if you order multiple
bird ass ninjas!
Time To Talk To Followers :
SUCH great energy rollin thru my body today 3
It certainly comes to mind!
Pamper my self at 5star reflexology..heaven on earth.
oh.
Haha nice!
He better treat you right!
So the Mav's are putting Lamarr Odom in the DLeague!
What???
Hahahahahahahahahahahah thats what he gets for being a damn BIG cry baby!
Bum
Yo man...I am listening to your joints on Sound Cloud.
You got some new heat I see...
There are some interviews that stay with you for a long time / this morning's installment of nprfamilymatters is one of those cc
Floyd mayweather was doing too much on ridiculousness
if u see Bette Midler, 1st, tell her I love her, 2nd get a picture of her throwin' a gangsta' sign.
Please and thx.
hey tripst3r!
we already do chat and are adding textalibrarian using a product called Twilio.
Some libraries use GoogleVoice.
my last hunting trip turned into the hunger games
I already new that since yesterday lol Wow ur late goodbye love ya
London for 3 hours
Martha Burtis says ds106 could not have succeeded with the help of the Twitter community.
he shaved his line beard in the pkg lot of the studio.
Sometimes itt seems like he juss dnt care, so why should I ?
oh me too!
Thank you for posting this!
what?
Who?
yea at the same time as tuesday
Nice to see emmanuelle chriqui doctorssed in sweat pants a tshirt yesterday..low key casual
and the same to u for the RT
16 years ago Andoctorw and I decided the other person was cool enough to spend a lot of time with.
It is hard to believe it has been that long.
Have a great trip this week!
Safe travels!
The part in the court!!:
this is a louisville tourny there's no way we'll both make it
had a concert n Chicago today how come I didnt kno I wanted to go :
3 things in life when gone never come back: time, words  opportunity.
3 things in life that should never be lost: peace, hope  honesty.
Omg when is this over
On 2 hours of sleep.
And working all day.
plz read my first ever bls chapter!!!
u totaly inspired me to do it!!
all in one sandwiches, this may be good
Some people can have everything in the world they ever doctoramed of and still not be satisfied
Thanks for coming!
Cool pic!
Today it's all Greek to me: , Song of Achilles, and a fabulous Greek lunch in San Diego
Just saw my fav.
Cousin on my daddy side yayyy!!
happy af
Friday I am speaking at TVCS chapel...should be back before dinner.
Im about to throw my phone in the pool 
Indeed.
It's a big year for us!
Hope you are doing well!
Have a great weekend!!
Depends we almost always send priority shipping.
so a week or two RT : how long does delivery usually take?
I hope knows he can eat all he wants and there will always be room for him in my heart.
vodka cheerios  Jessica's worst idea ever
hahaha thug club!
RT : Beth's stands up straight but mine's all floppy.
Out of context quote of the day courtesy of
dude I'm trying to cram everything into these hours.
All the best to you.
Blessed week bro.
Follow us on Twitter to get the latest news on how to treat your back and neck pain with the most minimally invasive answers.
Must win for the Grizzles.
Just finished my 300 Workout.
Sexy and I know It!
ThisIsSparta  XavierLT.
com
Recording vocals on 5 tracks...UH...lot's of track management ahead of me:
y'all need to take someone with you when y'all go out to eat to make sure it's not poisoned!
LOL Stay safe!
Please join us for Easter Brunch this Sunday we will be featuring Bottomless Mimosas and Bellinis for 7 until 3pm!!
How old are you?
How old am I?
dealing with these chicks playing on my phone!
hahaha.
awk.
ok.
the stalkers will tell you tomorrow :
Aw, our twitter avatar got changed to the bird.
: I kinda liked the skeptical face!
Won't someone make us a pretty avatar?
Up can't sleep
hi guyz I hOpE JuStIn BiEbEr wIlL WiN On kIdS ChOiCeS aWaRd LoLx SoO Ya jUsTiN bIeBer :
A Nigga A Grown Man So I Want A Grown Bitch Not No Kidde Bitch....RealShidd TeamisterdeNReckle
That was funny, but I don't like you.
Therefore I will not laugh.
I hate the twitter app, it's so confusing.
That's why I use Echofon xD
thanks for following.
I BET you are glad we are following you.
Like the lame pun?
i hate when girls know that the guy they're talking to flirts with 100 other girls but does nothing about it .
Yea i miss you....
But u just not the same person that i loved
opening day today.
life starts today
Hahahah, The Graham Norton Show is my new favorite.
thats a good way to look at things
I remember when i first saw perform at diggys concert.I ran to the stage didnt even know who they were but they murdered the stage
I really really REALLY don't want to go to lifegaurd training.
Okay Guys and Dolls  I am LIVE with the boys, let's chew the world up right  Zenlive.tv
: Just had a major flatline on the greysanatomy finale and we're not even into the second half; Shonda, the grim reaper.
Stop being ratchet with that wiff and okay when ...
I leave Thursday
that's a good question lol, workin I guess
Watching Magic City with Viggle Fri  10PM  Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
we just wanna party, mama sorry, I'm so higggghhhhh
Let's go Timbers!
Thanks Jen, I'll check out dates and get back to you.
I'd love to see Transsexualsfromspace I'll have to find a ride out there!
website is wonky.
Like.
bogged down to hell.
Ah, it's raining.
Much more in line with my mood, headache, etc
I'm not talking about self presentation, I'm talking about external features.
I never did understand that shit!!!!
Yeah, but it's a helpless feeling, wondering if you're OK.
Heading to lakewales for a Brighthouse media booking!
Never been.
Anyone know anything about lake wales?!
Thanks for the follow my dear!
;
what a good idea!
then I would get to hang out with you!
Love that idea.
Solid, solid show from tonight.
Saved some of their better material for the end, but that's to be expected.
AAAAHHHHH JUSTIN BIEBER IS ON RIDICULISNESS...
New Years Resolution Get your Infiniti serviced regularly at Infiniti of Denver.
Apparently i decided to get lunch  capriotti's along w/ the entire clark county fire dept.
Or  least two trucks worth.
the outside door open...
RT : MUCH LOVE AND RESPECT...GREAT THINGS COM.N OUR WAY!!!
Place your order ,it's only 3 bucks per delivery!!!!
Looking forward to hearing about big content in online video from ,  RashidaJones at the newfront today
A quick question: Some manga went on hiatus last year, and I wondered if there was any news updates on the titles returning?
Well done RT : This Charming Ham
Bipolar people need to gtfo
Signed, sealed, delivered .
.
.
I'm yours.
Words from the mouth of a Madtown Munchies customer: I hope your night stays strippertastic
Mabad Ill Text You Rite Now , Ahaha Jk ; D :  M.
Well ' iWaited For A Text From You , /: iNever Got Onee ..
Thanks for the RTs, friends.
Hope there's a magnum under your tree this year!
they should  RT : Wearing brewers gear on a train full of giants fans  feel like they all envy me.
So tired.
I talked on the phone with him for 5 hours and 44 minutes last night 3
Customers and grizzlies are always right!
has me watching all kind of youtube videos.
I think she's obsessed!!
I LOVE doctorWiggy's
Definitely don't remember taking that picture last night.
Hearts freaking racing rn.
It's sad when 3 of snow is a novelty in Roc on January 30.
We have a winner!
RT : Let us welcome another ILSHRM Chapter to Twitter
Agree with Tom Tolbert/KNBR: The Giants have a minor league infield.
i LOVE this world: I bought a new dictionary and you wouldnt belive what they added to it:
HEY TWEETIE BABIES!!
What, if anything, would you doover Ms M?
Have a great day Joey!
Thanks for the mention!
Who cares whether this is a poem or rhyme, I will love you until the end of time.
Warning: the hot peppers at Subway are insanely hot.
My eyes are watering and 's lips are currently swelling.
If you tell yo Kids Let's Eat Eat or calling people they Tee Tee or Cee Cee you a Hoodoctort  can't Celebrate Mothers Day
hey Emily!
Thanks for the housingforall support!
We look forward to tweeting with you!
Ill ship mine to u so u can shampoo it alsoek
There are cats fighting outside my window...
It makes me sad..
I wanna counsel them...
It's cool, English/media studies spent a few decades worrying that because stuff wasn't on paper all truth and meaning was dead.
Thats why idont reconnect with friends from the past becuz its not the same anymore...
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
with you; an cuz I said so
yes would be great!
Going to NYC this weekend to be in a jail cell for a mafia show on the Discovery Channel...
The Mob and Me...How fun is this acting thing?
Thank you Anya and Yu for your support, I really appreciate you taking a few moments to check me out, Blessings!
Man, when you are fired up, work can't come fast enough...
im bout to buy some Shaq's on yall ass
Doh!
Cousin just scored!
Woo!
Rays See what I mean!?
Late thou lol
i'm the same way.
that's why i've been in bed all day.
I once fell off a jet ski and broke my leg
i need someone to sing to me...singing relaxes my soul...
send me bossladytee dedication videos and win a freeHD video3
Off to Comedy Works with the TriStyleGirls.com!
Next event?
SEX TOYS party!!
So much fun check the website for details!
Free to join!
Graduation, moving out, getting married.
I have a lot ahead of me.
Just finished week 2 day 2 of C25K with !
Running for a cause with
Well its the truth I miss dat wet wet lol
When HIV px are undetectable there is a 96 reduction in infection That's why treatment is important
Amen to that !
RT : What is interesting is that there are religious traditions who marry samesex couples, remember that.
Tazers, subscription to Bowhunter magazine, copy of Mein Kampf, home brew kit  just a couple of ideas
thank u
thanks for the shout out Nick.
Hope you took away an idea
meet at lunch?
Lol I got u c not on here much
I just wanna know why its snowing considering it was 70 this week.
Coming very soon !!!
HOMEGROWN Production beats for sale ...
EastSideMustHaves Flag pole out in the front yard
While at work, instead of lounging around in the cafeteria during coffee breaks, consider taking a brisk walk round the block.
i don't care how hot it is , no matter what i have to sleep with a blanket on .
moverslongisland awaiting your request.
We have a 14ft available right now, 1, 2 or 3 men at Your request!
50 to 90 per hour.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!87
If it gets a million, will you shut down TMZ forever?
: If THIS tweet gets 1,000 RTs, we'll never tweet about Kim Kardashian again
christens Oct.
8, 2009 the Infamous Day of Inappropriate Pet Urination, Defecation, and Regurgitation
my little sister and cousin down stairs making breakfast
Never lived there.
I meant when we were kids anyway.
Nice to meet you though!
Thanks for your banana tweets!
I wish I could steal boyfriends, because all the good ones are all ready taken seems like, pisses off :/
i mean he may have another song i like later on but as far as that song goes no i dont.
Awesome!
Keep up the great work.
hey handsome sup?
Sounds good, thanks!
I will contact you later this week.
Appreciate it
studio grind
Thanks for the support on Twitter and Facebook!
I'm not stupid.
I'm just too lazy to show how smart I am.
If being gay is ok, why is everyone harshing on Travolta?
Picking up and his wife at the airport!
Can't wait to see the whole fam!
omg jasmine ur my idol.
i love u so much 143 :
Kfc?
Im down...
RT nothing like fine dining in Dixon KFC'
Thanks to everyone that came out last.
night......
Good times..
Winter Freeze will be the next big party in December!
Guess ima chill til It's time ta get off
Do you have an iPhone?
I need to charge my phone.
No, I don't have an iPhone, but I do have a charger for iPhone.
To our neighbors on Saturday nights...sorry for party rockin
Glad I played sports in grade school because I ate really bad and often.
My 3yo just informed me there's now a flower in my huge cup of coffee from the gas station.wondering, how much harm could a teeny flower do?
Some dude tried to sell me a rack of ribs out of his car on my walk home from work today.
Almost took him up on it...
Done playing robot chauffeur
I am beyond nervous right now for this test.
Anyone else headed to the NW Foodservice Show/ today?
I'd love to say hi!
get at if u want real handcrafted scissors made by me for true pros only hit me up !
: .
, had a blast last night, happy belated lovie!.
had so much fun with you!
I better see you more often!
Xo
Too Bynum needs a trim.
And how he has so much white hair?
He 23 and rich
Agent J travels back in time to the year 1969.
State Farm is there!
I'm there!
RT I'll be on pearljam Sirius xm for the next 2 hours.
Gonna dig deep, happy PJ20 boys and girls
omg.
You can't spell work?
You are NOT ready to graduate!
The ideology of T3AMAV3NG3R is simple.
Be influential, be innovative, and exceed the level of your performance within your craft.
Clothing store buyers will see clothing lines on blogs, in forum communities, and other publications they frequent
Testing twitter via SMS
Some say the glass is halffull, others say the glass is just obnoxious.
I'm guilty: 80 of smartphone users use them to help with shopping.
What are the only 20 using for product reviews?!?
oh, that reminds me, I have to let the census know I am not the child of the kmann family....
RAWartists Raleigh is officially up on Twitter!
Let's get this thing kickin'!
I mean tots!!!!
Will do!
Thank you :
so I know I've been delinquent in documenting the war over the AD job here but there's been so much to relate!
Black keys, radiohead, Bon iver, the weekend, the shins.
I'm not too happy right now
Every day, I think about my faults and in some way try to make them better.
GrowthWisdom
Love the new fitness center in the union!
Demi Lovato Goes Blonde for X Factor Announcement
Very Interested in this outcome.
Please keep us posted RT Baltimore County Elected School Board bill now up for debate.
A 2 hour roadtrip during sunrise is a wonderful experience!
It only gets better that I'm listening to to praise my God!
Yay!!!
Congrats Lily Allen on your new baby girl!!
x
Im gonna replace everyone with music.
Winter Farmers Market located at Carmel's City Center, Rangeline Rd.
and City Center doctorve.
Just hand me the chocolate and no one gets hurt...
hope , we dont ..
get in a car accident .
everybody doctornk , ..;
My teacher asked me when was the last time I did illegal doctorgs haha um never?
Was that the correct answer?
MT Prelinger: Adding layers and formalities to reuse will spread wrong beliefs  distrust of copyright
yes , that whole album is EVERYTHING !!!!
i swear that bitch go harder every album !
Me at school 10 minutes of doing school work, 35 minutes of being on twitter.
whenever...
I'm down here in line...
It's in my pocket
Lol thank you!
It was great meeting you!
Please stay tuned for my music!; Be blessed!
CD Release show in the works...
Most likely Saturday Oct.
15th at Church of Boston.
Will confirm by the end of the week :
is going to eat my balls for dinner, and love them.
biked 30 miles through Ohio today!
Looking at comments trending Basketball Wives.
Umm...stop being so doctormatic, its entertainment!
it doesnt set blk woman back!
I got it bad:/
ANY AGENTS OUT THERE LOOKING FOR IDENTICAL TWINS WELL LOOK NO FURTHER CAUSE WE ARE RIGHT HERE.
Looking for a new agent
Damn, John MacClane almost stuck himself on an exposed bolt.
Would have been very unpleasant.
This girls having an orgasm cutting my meat at the deli
Bong Greatness?
We sure it was pizza that got delivered?
SN 55!
turns 15, goes low, a work by and protests over disenfrancategorization by
Fact: You won't make it in baseball if you hate country music.
i'm lovinnnn 's tweets right now.
Apr 28Fools  Culture, Literature, History, NYC, Famous People ...
LOL Laker fans.
As a Nuggets fan, I can say that I don't know what its like to lose in the 2nd round.
Fucking losers.
for those looking to recoup their initial investment on the project I would paraphrase carl spackler..
The inspiring true story Dolphin Tale is playing Monday through Wednesday at 7pm for only 1!
All about strengthening my mind 2 day
she will be a lifelong VanHalen fan now!
I have other business in NYC so timed it all to work out but still looking to attend LA as well
Fair bound
I hate the lakers except Jordan hill!
A response too???
hey you...did you say you had read my book?
Same here papa.I'm proud of Our PRESIDENT !
Let the haters hold the hate!
just raining here 4 now
representing the B1G today boys!
When You Honestly Could Care Less 
When people are mad they misspell.
Look for misspellings of your brand in your searches
People say shit about me and act like i care.Haha its like get a life u fuckn cunt!: got betta things to do,so have fun with ur boring life
.
is reporting lots of votes in the Madison area for GOP candidate but Capitol antiWalker protester Arthur KohlRiggs.
Just devoured our first round of leftovers, finally see some room in the fridge!
Good luck on your reading!
:  ATTN Producers get you r beats mixed and mastered DM for info 
I might be doing too much...
but I made this far...
LT looks like...
pretty much the same LT that didn't do much last year.
Put Greene in!
I need to find out where the most nearby American Idol tryouts are and when.
When I need massages my bf gives me a full body massage for like an hour straight, he's amazing lol
Pinterest.
Already addicted.
Just.
Like.
That.
I KNOW you had a fantastic time tonight!!!
Please show your gratitude for ...
none of us understands the struggle and sacrifice he makes
POTUS has mentioned many times that teachers in South Korea are often referred to as Nation Builders.
RETURN OF THE HIT SQUAD/ROCK THE BELLS 2012
www.whoistrillogy.com Get With It People!
most people don't appreciate what they have until is gone
oh congratulations, sweetie.
We so love a June wedding.
hinthint ;
how?!
Cam had an all time rookie yr
registered for ala12 in Anaheim.
I hope to see you all there!
sure that if there's one thing America needs, it's more lawyers
thanks fir visiting
awesome!
It's a cool city!
Have fun!
Of course Alicia wants to take the worthless people to the final three.
She hasn't done anything either!
I can see that.
Actually, he'd make a pretty good serial killer seeing how sociopathic his Sherlock character is.
I'm may just scream if you tweet about NY again!!
Since I was a little girl, I've always put sliced bananas in my chocolate milk.
NO SCHOOL!
I hate snow daysbut I'm very tired.
There is a fundamental disconnect in the sartorial tastes of Wall St  Silicon Valley.
SV's rich are not prone to Armani
Holy Dave Sieger flashbacks!!
well happy holidays to u 2 missy.

Relationships takes TWO people.
Not one person being faithful and another acting single.
Thanks, will give it a go!
Thanks for the new follows and people who RT us.
No!
JIMMY PERTESTED!
manifestations of black womens consciousness in womens music, which she describes as part and parcel of womens culture
Never playing Ball with older mans
One question, where did you find your background pictures?
still upset on mj's death
I mean a kid did a lot of waitin', we ain't married but tonight I need some consummation
He stealing Dwight Howard sh1t!
Best...work...party...EVER!
There's fireflies all over my balcony..
reminds me of my moms :
I Pulled Up In That Lam, Niggas Say I Disrespect Em
you busy on the 30th?
;D
We're sorry Social Media, we haven't forgotten you exist, we've just been too busy saving the world from invading space aliens.
Seriously.
Using the handicapped stall...0.
Using a handicapped parking spot...250.
Using a handicapped person as a human shield...Priceless.
FYI it doesn't matter if I've known you for 2min.
or 10yrs...lie 2me onceI will never fully trust the words that come out of ur mouth again
there hasn't been a really good Scary Movie in AGES!
a really good horror needs to come out!
Inge double...darn
it could be a transparent mirror!
Oh wait, that's call a window..
LMAO
i cant wait to see my mommy.
i need her.
Do you know how many fans you have here in Chicago?
You should come visit of ICONiacs we're waiting for you.
RT?
Reply?
In the streetz of LA D.O.E the squad !!!!!!!!
Did you have the New York Strip?
It really is amazing.
YouGetMajorPointsIf I can trust you...
3 keys to a successful music brand: It's unique.
Makes a Promise.
Delivers Value.
Happy birthday !
Looking forward to dinner tonight!
If the restaurant's not closed or burned down or something.
;
they are so crispy because we handdip and fry them per order.
Thanks for letting us feed you!
So.....
Shit just got real!
Had a good set at San Jose
she was jealous!
LOL
Enuf said : RT : It is only bad when you can feel the clippings bounce off your cheek.
Im sorry if I sound a little angry or annoyed but I am angry and annoyed when I see you not doing your damn job.
RT : has a nice advertisement for wonk campaign in today's Washington CityPaper.
Front cover sticker and inside page!
I luv u man!
That's real.
Keep doing ur thing.
U see I came to watch u play today.
My work here is done.
:
Also in the running: FRIDAY THE 13th PART V.
SLEEPAWAY CAMP.
SILENT NIGHT, DEADLY NIGHT.
And, uh, SCREAM 3.
Im sexy on the internet and in real life BITCH 
Haha but it is!
Do you shop for pants at the same place spongebob shops at?
Im sure u will, boolicious.
Keep ur head up!
:
Had some extra beauty sleep lastnight, now I'm feeling rejouvinated
quick, somebody bring me a cheesecake!
Hells yeah.
RT Get out to this!!
RT : The Whistle Stop is tomorrow.
And it's a free show!
How are all of you doing?
I haven't tweeted for awhile.
I was sick it was a fever called SCHOOL.
Well byeguys tweet later!
how many skies have you rimmed?
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful.
Jerry Cantrell
whats good lets work
1d tickets today.
wow.
make a genius bar appointment and bring it to the Apple store.
They are very generous about fixing those things for free.
: Ppl lie for two reasons, to keep from hurting someone,or to hurt someone on purpose, either way its wrong
hey , 2 days in and already 6 tweets?
You must be bored.
Especially since  aren't following you yet.
Reason 5 I'm glad to be a Packers fan: has some hilarious jokes.
Look closely for the Camobunga tour promo, sweep, and cue.
3 nights in a row I've had a doctoram about this cute guy in my grade..
I hate that they're doctorams.
Lol :c
i Need To Do Something About My Acne .
.
That Shits Ugly
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN  plz RT our updates  exciting/wonderful things R happening  we want 2 share w/ EVERY1  God Bless U  HBN TV
ThePerfectBoyfriend is one who enjoys spending time with you
sausage  shrooms  red onion  garlic  ketchup  wrap  harper lunch extraordinaire
ha.
I had to truncate a bit for tweet, but yeah.
Hi.
Can anyone give me a link where it actually shows the practice times at Alabama?
Can't find it on Indycar's website...shocker!
Agreed.
Methinks Uptown.
Just found your tweet.
There's no d in my last name.
How are you doing?
I think i got 4 of 8 playoff teams right: Rays, Tigers, Brewers, Phils.
Bombed on my WS picks: Rocks and A's.
Red sox and Braves the last 2
I clearly ignored that...
yes.
I've been out.
Freeze is in charge and expect updates from him from now on.
Sorry for the delays.
I deduce you like the Hobbit.
They're also filiming the Runelords picture, if you've read it.
Vote on the actors
Tim Tebow officially a Jet !!!
Girl day with my mommy  sister 
I love that suit!
Watchin CUBSCARDS on WGN.
Grandson over later and spending nite, hope to be able to watch REDS game, need it to get to even.
GO REDS!!!
it sure was!
Great to finally meet you!
A boat w/o an anchor, is a boat that's going to sail.
will u come bak to california ?
.
RT anyone using an iPhone case with a built in battery?
Any recs for an iPhone 4 version?
That's a great genre to read!
So many great stories.
What's one of your favorites?
SometimesYouHaveTo what you have to do....
Come to New Mexico.
It'ss not all desert.
I'm going to be at Heroes In Heels tomorrow to help women in Tampa Bay.
It won't be the first time i've worn heels...just saying.
That makes two of us.
I wasn't that doctornk., Dude, you gave a sock to a midget and yelled, 'DOBBY, YOU'RE FREE!
miss u too
: Looks like Houston is coming....MT is gonna be CRAZY!!!.
You know it!!!!
Damn, damn, damn, damn!.
Teachers who don't put tests in the make up box like they say they do are annoying
Madea's Big Happy Family!
BYRANNNNNNNNNNN...N i sound like a SSSIIIIRREEEEENNNNNNN!
Ha ha!
3M totally does make some killer Touch Monitors :
How about 1250 in football sqrs 4 the Big Game?
Play in our poker rm all week 4 your chance to win!
See a supervisor for complete details
Flying care?
Flight to Portland booked!
Can't wait for SCAA.
Not yet, but my husband used to live there.
Can't wait to visit!
The food is to die for, from what I understand.
In honor of BannedBooksWeek, our mascot Cozette's reading Lassie.
Her Mom wouldn't let her as a kitten.
What are you doing to celebrate?
what Re you doing tonight?
Rain with no clouds above me.
Maybe first time managed bankruptcy received applause
Every Wendsday I wonder when will finally move up to senior high.
:'
We're pumped 4 tomorrow night!
will be on Jay Leno's couch along with Robin Williams and Maria Bellow!
Watch nbc and
Phone dead..
represent hot track
Getting Mad Over Stupid Stuff
2 more hours til dessert RT Dinner at SXSW with and friends
oddneighbor went into the woods to pick 'shrooms.
I hope she and oddfriend get all kinds of trippy.
thanks for the RT!
thinking of the art work for the new collection ....
brainstorms hard !
So I guess isn't gonna follow me....
I feel so unloved./3
Surf's Up!
Check out the newest warmer and tangerine tango fragrance, Yummy!
Thanks Abby, and agreed, it was a great episode, loved doing it!
I still wana go  Friday?
Looks like it's on Soundcloud but their site is down :
I love peyton manning
your one in a googleplex3
Hoe, you just mad 
reading Chekhov for my short story ideasbut not really reading either.
Just listening to Helicopters, wondering why I'm not out there.
Help!
I need an online survey site where I can build both pushbutton and open end questions, and export the data to Excel when I'm done.
Respect is earned.
Respect is never given.
If you want respect, respect those people around you.
Where are you going?
or just picking up volunteers?
thank you!!!
My fate is in Jesus!
Jesus is 1 in my life !
Kick out your evil !
build your Faith !
Do anything in His Name !
Starting now on the Clevelander rooftop till 9pm...my set is going to be off the chain..come bye
...
Its Group Porn for everyone who lives in the apartment
we're working on it.
Will make announcements as we approach closer to completion.
:
If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music.
doing it by yourself is weird, doing it with others is a group
Quote of the night: It is much more disheartening to have to steal than to be stole from.
The Red Shoes
Goodnight bby!
: Make my night  say it back 3 :
he'd liked your song that you wrote.
dude that song is gonna be a single i know it, its probably one of my favorites
cause I start putting n in sending message and your name popsout first
Let's go Munich
In like a lamb, this is almost Fiero weather
Well, only threw 38 because of Byrd, Ross, et al.
But yeah, it's...unfortunate.
At night I can't sleep.
In the morning I can't wake up.
you know when a graffiti writer says, man rough night.
sometimes he aint talkin about doctornkin
its freezing at my school too.
I always being my jacket while the teachers and some kids wear shorts and t shirts!
I think we can all agree that Coolwater is at better than Joop.
I think I gave them too much credit.
I think the message is smart food, since mortarboardbrains Designer fruit, go figure!
Here's to the Mahomies who actually love and care about Austin, not just for his looks.
I will be selling one of my domain names on namepros.com by auction if anyone out there wants to buy cawine.co please let me know!
The no WiFi stunk last year.
I would have thought San Diego would have it...:
Pretty damn tired.
Most folks wont even read the new terms...
What are you going to do, opt out?
Her twitter is :
RT Happy Birthday!!!
: I'M the birthday boy....
:
Sweet!
I use to be in hospitality.
I was social manager for Provenance Hotels.
Miss it sometimes but love my new gig.
:
RT : Special welcome to all the FAM attendees and media in Cleveland for the 2012 Rock Hall Induction Ceremony.
Yal Anit Ish on TV Tonight..
I'm BORED
did  and replied ;
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Daily Dose of Goodness: A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
Bob Hope
Grammy's at 8.
Congrats to McCartney on his award!
Almost 70 and still rockin'
need one more and a tender
Loaded gun complex...
Cock it and pull it.
Thank you for the props and Klout!
I never thought I would make it four days on this pizzaanddoughnut cleanse, and yet here I am.
What did I miss today?
thnks nd its jst one person and I'm a dude
Ah, hello teams!
We're checking out to see if this may be a good tool for us.
Thoughts?
Starting to not care and it's a sweet feeling
seriously!!
i have at least 3.
New tour dates check iit out at www.platinumposts.com cclick on platinum tour dates
not technically in this town....but in Bayview.
Place called Hué.
AMAZING!!
happy new year
It is so easy to get lost in A Wedding in Haiti by Julia Alvarez!
Recommend!
You can do anything you want to do, anything you set your mind to and achieve any vision God placed in your heart!
Aug and Sept 2011  What is Happening in NYS Early Intervention Awareness Months.
Http://unitednyeiproviders.weebly.com/actionalert.html
Its about to be chow down time :
If pro is opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?
Well I missed the pay out on the race does anyone know!
omg maybe we'll have classes together...lol
All the rickshaws are out for the night!
Where can we take you??
Solving other people's Excel problems is a lowlevel super power.
there are no mistakes...just lessons learned!
it did not.
Boom.
Selling Your Condo?
Ah!
Spring!
Everyone loves this time of year.
The birds are chirping.
Flowers are in blooming everywhere you look.
Ta
I'm going through withdoctorwals I haven't seen you in six days.
At least we have summer dfw
indeed!
its amazing
ah.
Kids are intimidating but why?
If things go south break out the cupcakes.
Short week but inevitably a fun and productive one.
Looking over the Chronicle, reviewing gift annuities, and preparing donor vignettes : 
Just using twitter to complain about how bored I am with Tumblr being down.
Mets should have kept him!
RT Phillip Humber now has more nohitters than the New York Mets
in case I haven't mentioned it..
I am totally stoked that you're here!
I meant dead I had a typo xD
HAPPY NEW YEARS !
:D
Still looking for up and coming independent artists' music videos.
Talk to me!
.
professorssionally speaking, I'm a reporter, not a cheerleader.
So I report what I hear and see.
That doesn't make me the bad guy.
In worship, God imparts Himself to us.
C.S.
Lewis
Financial health and living by skillful means can only be achieved if you know what you earn, what you spend, and where it goes.
lmbooo i just woke up from mine :
I followed you, can u please FOLLOW in return?
Please and thank you : .
Hard Work Pays Off...Finna Upload Dope Is My Last Name
Thanks for the follow Verve!
couldnt do it without you:!!
dude, I gotta get some sleep.
Twitter is telling me that The Secret World Of Alex Mack is trending.
i did lmao, 10 min boy
should call their street team leaders for doin' a good job!
:
It can happen to the best of us, as the large number of unpurchased penguin cocktail shakers would indicate.
Actually you died about 31 times
Another day, another rain storm in Denver.
Who knew we have a monsoon season  5280!!
I love it when i hear lyrics that totally apply to my current situation...
lesson to all parents, take your kids to sports authority!
yeh, that's O.
sometimes at home, he doctorves me mad w/need for pretend.
Thank you for the RT!
and just for the record?
30 is the Kickstarter tipping point.
The gross majority of KS's that hit 30 make good.
So congrats :
I still don't think the Tribe has the offense to hang on in the central...
prove me wrong boys, prove me wrong...
I'm very tired .
it was a LONG practice
Your twitter ID may be hacked...
you're sending out phishing messages....
leading to a fake Twitter site.
Thank you!
Happy day to mothers near and far.
ur such a butt.
They will survive lol they got each other lol
: Ohio: great state?
Or THE greatest state?
Thanks for the MT, Dan!
It's a fine segment on Porter's Ether, this week.
oh i thought it was the rays!!
wtf!!
Baseball is a terribly boring sport, but tonight was actually entertaining.
Just checked into a room in Indy that I got on Hotwire an hour ago.
Same hotel the patriots stayed at.
I'm paying 85 w/tax.
They paid....
Fake niggas get Exposed like counterfeit bills!
I'm MFL for real!!!!
Maybe I should apply for one..?
;
Montevalle Park.
We can't sty whole time so come down : help us tweet
Happy first day back to work in 2011!
What did you have in your glass when you rang in the new year?
And at the same time I see Israel inject their religion and culture to the U.S.
learning content.
I think living smack in the middle of bfe, away from civilization is a good excuse
One more follower to 9000!
If could be you....
Pls be kind to gas station attendants.
It's not their fault gas prices are high.
Smile  give them a cookie instead!
RT RTWEET if u want TONS of INSTANT FOLLOWERS!
I'll shout u out with my 22,510
SEA  SJC are 2nd homes for me, so I should have known to post a spoiler alert.
Sorry!
But now I understand about the photo!
For what
Spent the morning at the METAL Inc.
men's brunch where Martin Sheen was the guest speaker.
He was excellent  inspiring!
G2 fr NBC producer: local TV news audience older.
People making news decisions much younger  no sense of history older than last month.
The beauty of Twitter is 140 characters.
It trains the brain to get to the point in a concise matter.
I fucked this white girl who got a pink rang and she doctorves fast on the slow lane.
she got a neck tattoo and all her clothes are new.
peel her muffin cap back blue!!!!!!!!!
Few hours too late...i found my perfect.
I'm actually partial to Fdoctorand Fala too.
Fdoctoris one of my favorite presidents
Is Colt Big Ben?
Heck no, but adding Blackmon or Khalil would have given him a chance.
Same for the Weeden pick.
Hey, all you gamers bitching about the Diablo 3 launch on the forums: Go ahead!
You make a better one!
Go!
Do it!
Yes, hardcover.
I gave mine to so I bought it again for my iPad
Or should I go to Youngstown?
That's just mean.
Nothing about being a townie is awesome.
RT : no that's awesome
It's about that time to start hitting the cages to get in spring form.
Do you have your MoZer Bat yet?
Thankful I Get To!
work and prepare another keynote today!
Watching Frontline Hey young bankers, that feeling in your stomach as you shy away from revealing how much you were paid is called shame.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Leave me alone...I'm working!
Voodoo
OH MY GOSH I CANT SLEEP.
WHAT IS GOING ON?!
Are you working tomorrow?
The Patriots preseason schedule is out.
They host Jacksonville travel to Tampa Bay and Detroit and host the
Good for him!
He is extremely brave  deserves a better quality of living.
I'm disgusted by N.
Korea.
It's no different from Iran.
how r u doing?
RT : It still pains me to see selfemployed business owners working 6070 hrs/wk in their business, thinking they know it all
New car?
Hm
nothing, i just regret everything i ate today.
: you won't believe what i ate i'm so pissed
ugh.
stfuuuuuu.
lol.
you are ruining my moment!!!!
:P
why not : I AM NOT HOSTING A PARTY IN WILMINGTON, DE ON 5/31
and really looking forward to meeting you both out in San Diego this weekend for List Control event!
Shanks friend!
thats cool chip.
love how you brought in one of your students to lend their voice to it!
manit smell like hella pet stores in dis room man take dem stank azz rats outta here......
I've read a few of that girl Britany's articles and its boring information.
Jen is tv and radio what am I missing here?
No comparison
A problem in my geometry book starts: A lead box for vials of plutonium...
What happened to equations with apples and watermelons?
the next step in quantified self would move beyond simple times series data and hopefully involve network analysis.
People are like...
WTF david...
lol,
I was wondering why all those people with shotguns were following me.
congrats on the new house!
that is exciting:
predictions on v.
GM Robert Hess opening?
No beginning is ever perfect and no ending is ever happy.
Taking Twitter advice from me?
Probably also a red flag.
Totally worth staying up the extra hour, You guys rocked that Weenie Roast.
Great cause!
Shout out to too!
RT: will be on Sun 4 a cooking demonstration fb.me/1exlbujHC
Man I hope you like some Starburst.
Introducing the lovely to Cristina in Human Bio  excited for the concert being a week before my 19th birthday ilovecollege :D
how ia it working with Lord Boyd?
Tell him uwm panthervision says hi!
FOLLOW ME ON MY MAIN
funding for Community Cohesion in Cape Town South Africa.
My mission feed tummies, minds, spirits
Why is Simon so mean to Nicole?
Love her!!
RT : Simon, don't hate  just congratulate!
...so much of the toxicity in this world comes from a collective doctorining of empathy.
But theater invites usno, forces usto empathize.
Quote of the night: Damn there's a lot if Cheetos on this stage.
Paco Chaos
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY
Discovering Twitter 
Don't worry, STH seats are on hold until Friday so you have a chance to purchase them.
Cheers to the UPS guy!!!
GoodMorning!!!!!!!!
; i dont wanna go back to school Map grrr map ios boring :p
The only guy that calls me is Randy from Chase Visa.
sigh
what did i tell you
Met with some more providers yesterday, getting a good group of educators to contribute to our site!
10FactsAboutMe 10 I love laughing and people that can take a joke especially mine.
If I make fun of myself, then I can make fun of you.
Turn up Turn up Turn up Turn up Turn up On Dese Hoes !
Perfect lunch left over hard boiled eggs and tuna...
Yum!!!

I Love your kitty
Hearing a few teams have inquired about the Ravens pick in the 4th round.
They're scheduled to pick 3rd today.
Lawyer Joke of the Day: Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A: How many can you afford?
Go to www.TopTierLegalGroup.com
If you don't like what you're doing, then don't do it.
Ray Bradbury
Look ma no hands
I love my friends, they are so cute.
The Star in Paducah.
Come on down.
Seth will give you a kiss.
Amidst historic political upheavals, the torch is lit in Athens.
Only 8,000 miles to London.
whats good twitter !
thanks...
that album just kills...
it's clear when someone is just on a certain level higher than most.
Can't wait!
Your the best.
can't deal with lou in that shirt.
haa best links on the web...
I'm kicking myself.
Now I know where to get those from for future ref..
: Thanks Pip!
If you actually care about the context: he was reassigning Indiana as a coverage area from the Chicago bureau to Detroit.
Can I get a RT for being a huge Sharks fan?
I have a Joe Pavelski jersey!
And you threw me a ball once!
And it's my birthday!
CINEQUEST was a blast!!!
The audience was blown away by our film HARD SILENCE
Never depend on others for what you can do yourself
Today is the day my sis moved out the house gonna miss her !!
No guts.
No gator.
nothing much...
I'm about to get back in music: how've you been?
MT TasteofHillcrest is coming up!
Buy your tickets Hillcrest, San Diego 92103
Happy Birthday
Romney seems headed for a 4  to  6 point Michigan victory.
guys are selfish jerks  exsept for austin alex and robert
Decided to watch Noein again this trip.
Been a year or so since the last time.
Really sublime anime.
That's what Harbaugh has brought.
Even when Stanford good in the past, never as physically tough as they are now.
Jaime Dimon blames Democrats for turning their backs on businesses by regulating them.
He just lost AT LEAST 2billion dollars.
when bitches be having that doctor as weave in!
Take that shit out!
Putting it up aint workin.
This white dude pulled out some bacon flavor sun flower seed HIS FRIEND WAS LIKE WOW DUDE I NEVER HAD THEM Now he's teaching them how 2 eat
We love you Rochester.
Greatest City in the World!!!
yes we do.
El Gato Negro and the The Avengers.
Thats why you saw lobbyist groups like Fairplay usa with Tom Ridge and Louis Freeh.
Thats how they paid them their  after
: Waking up at 5:30am is not pleasurable.
OMG for reals
Yea back in Los Angeles!!!
Feels great to be home
HA.
RT : Thanks for your note!
We don't bid on QLab sales, since we're the only ones selling it.
I wish my library stocked what I watch.
Even netflix's selection isn't too great on Indian movies.
What is the over/under for refs changing face off opponents tonight?
you say you feel so blessed right now .
thats how i would feel if you followed me
and thanks for following me back!
I look forward to your updates :
Ms.
Veronda at Margaret Brent is the best in prek.
RT keep thankateacher trending!
Which City Schools' teachers inspired?
AUSTIN IS MOVING What about you and him!?
I should have sent Ben around to your place with the girls.
I barely made it off the block but they did a little shopping
Excited I get to sleep in the big kids guest room but missing and
Nice to meet you doctorLiz!
Good morning doll!!
Working on my twerking skills since and are gone 
Congrats !
RT : Congrats to Mike Moser, the MWBB Men's Basketball Player of the Week for Jan.
30!
Authors present include Lee Child, Tess Gerritsen, Charlaine Harris, Karin Slaughter and David Hosp.
3 wks to Chris Tomlin in Abq.
the KIVA Aud!
Want FREE tix?
Text TOMLIN to 21947 Valid for U.S.
cells.
only MsgData rates may apply
Steelhorse just finished 6 nonstop hours of rehearsal ...
one cannot live on Southern Rock alone ...
pizza and beer needed too!
what's his personal reasons for being out?
The OC.
Love :
Ah, I see.
What about the short story The People of Sand and Slag?
Fun, over the top, home grown, totally Baltimore.
Plus is helping build the set!
The train smells like dirty body.
Gahross.
I came back to tweeter world : !!!!
Happy Friday !!!
yea y
yep.
That's my name :
wait up, I don't think I get that ref :
or when speaking of that kid in Home Alone who wets the bed.
re: appropriate uses of fuller
that's definitely the best one
Yeaa cop this when it leak, 4 bars in the intro courtesy of me roc ;
I love when Alex says goodnight, then tweets again!3 haha
Would feel bad for the requisite taunting that , , will receive, but eh
I know crazy.
The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep.
I Hope He Gets Better!!!
I'll Pray For Him3
VDay shopping last night at the mall: it was foggy and cold  men staggering from store to store with lost zombie looks in their eyes.
They are still around.
Different places now.
The normals found the dives.
Neighborhoods changed.
all still there just new spots
You ever find your old phone?
I ha school too but I left at 12!
TwitterToughGuy RT : Don't trust anyone with under 500 followers or if they don't work at a credible media outlet
YES!
Remind yourself to share your most beautiful  truthful voice from the heart.
It don't need no sugar!
Upside of Wroten, Ross, leaving: UWHuskies might be able to get by with just one basketball per game.
Omg Rory's on Glee.
Crying tears of happiness
The DCColorado game.
Can't watch it live, but wanted to see it from beginning to end later tonight.
Not sure if I can.
get to work tokio!
thanks I owe you a fabulous new find ;
So, how many pushups did you do for the endurance test?
We're on the edge of our seat :
my bad, yea I got you
It's so hot in my house
Cleaning this messy room of mine...so much on my mind
Lakers are bleeding.
Seeking Sales leaders in Detroit Stamford Milford Philadelphia  software exp pref.
email resumes to
me too.lol; stupid teachers!:
What is this crap!!
BillyCrystal and TomHanks are class acts.
They started the Oscars out right.
Hugo is 2 for 2.
It has a nice lead on
Thanks!!!
// 5oz Free since opening till this wkend.
Show them your FB check in.
Glad Jermaine won and gave God the glory
Happy StPattysDay!
Fact: there are 36 million U.S.
citizens from Irish descent  thats 9x the population of Ireland itself!
dude, lotus flower video....awesome
too uch shots can fuck you up
Who's a Grey's Anatomy fan???
keep sending hacked DM's
The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values.
Thomas, Norman
oh sterling knight sister is on it :
oh well i forgot about you, and you forgot about me too!
It's almost here!
Join us for Millie's Miracle Spirit Night on March 29th as we help a child in need.
Come out and show your support!
Hell yes we are.
imissyoutoogirl :
About to talk at crs2012 with about creating digital content.
Come say hi.
today is the first day you can vote for the dc mayor!!
come on dc, get out the vote!
:
We can't rush our way to our destiny
it's all about balance and prayers.
Looking forward to a great class tonight!
I can't feel my toesies:
I am so happy:
sounds great please give me a follow and dm me buddy, much appreciated
Vigorous  spirited debate at CC last night, w many very smart young people.
Glad to help young conservatives make their case.
I laugh at the grief MUBB is getting If I was on the team in college I would've been kicked off the team after orientation weekend
Happy Valentine's Day to all 3
Love that an appropriate amount of clothes for a 3 day trip to San Diego easily fit into a backpack
to your house?
God Morning :P
What Makes You Beautiful on the radio is an amazing way to start a horrible day 
GREAT day for Fishers KnightsofColumbus TootsieRolldoctorve!
Raising  4 those w intellectual disabilities at Marsh 82 TODAY!!
Please check your email when you get the chance.
Lmk so I can tell them.
THANKS!!!!
Can't wait for you to find out!
:
i kno' that there is a lot of girls that say this, but can you please follow??: oh, and i cant stop listening to 11:11!:
BJ Upton looks like a cracked out Ricky Henderson...I mean he looks like Ricky Henderson.
Are u ever gonna tweet me?..Ever?
Naniwa vs.
Nestea  can't wait for this
How was the Grove?
Hope you had a great day.

youtube would be the best thing that i could happen.
I really love u Christian.
come to spain!!
Don't tell me to text you and then when I do, you don't respond.
in the library: 8th grade boy,do u Hav any books?me :  some genre questions..
Could u tell me what all the other guys r reading?
Centennial High Environmental Club  WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th  9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA 15pm
i doubt there are many bigots among your followers
Just bought a doctornk so large it requires a neck strap
RT Rt  If You wit TeamNoDaysOff if Not Betta Get Wit it
I'm so cold right now :///
thanks man, I've been working on a newer version of the site since December.
Still needs some work, but hopefully ready soon.
cooler then you
What do you think about the defendants?
anyone tried to reset a password on spotify?
is there some secret European way to do this?
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you.
Never excuse yourself.
Henry Ward Beecher
I feel dat nigga when he said sometimes I feel like I'm working just to work harder!!
Let's get it
Nice I cant wait to hear what you cook up in the lab.
what is up with ???
lost my giftcard and their customer service said they will send me a new card.
4 weeks ago, ZIP.
:/
I miss you, come home.
2 sleepover days next week!
ok thanks
OG KUSH ON DECK RT : better be smoking something watching them lol
I like baseball.
Bob Zemsky: Innovations that should spread like fire die aborning.
On my way to san fran to be interviewed by the one and only misterRobert scoble
u should ckeck those places out before u go back to school:D
This Saturday 6/4th Work At Home Business Expo, Orange Country CA.
I'm on at 2:30  start your own homebased business!
See you there..:
Happy Birthday!
Digital...Play where they play Same with PA play where they play
The Concert was great  for a good cause...
Had fun
A March day with 75 degree temps is perfect for a bike ride.
42 miles  Rothar Turas.
Loved it.
Now for a dateappropriate beverage.
Staying in...
Movie night with the roomie :
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair.
u said u saw pics from it.
This girl needs to hit me up
My prayers and condolences go out 2 Sean Kingston and his family
Just got off work tryna find something to do
We can't wait to see you tonight at our annual Name that Tune benefit at the historic Hudson Theater!
Will you...
fb.me/TCKyVrts
In line to see I really hope they play identity crisis, burn the fleet, and Phoenix ignition
I don't no.
He makes an image of himself to look cool but really he's a good person..
I think..
lol
Cubs v Brewers tonight!
A second sweep in the future?
um we think yes.
So sorry Astros.
amwriting RT You dont need anyones permission to be a writer.
You have to give yourself permission.
lost the crab shuffle....
Congrats MT: Former U.S.
Sen.
Jim Bunning and Endorse for Congress.
What...a...game
I second that emotion!
RT : The new album is so good!
MovingUpLivingDown!
Buy it on !
my followers are winning..
that means one in paticular
Great Donald doctorver piece!!!
Love the Amber Noggle Backstage pass!!!
whale i hate them.
i am excited to leave.
You're very welcome :
Today was a Waterworld kind of day
Hmu new to Twitter
If complete debacle of this GOP congress doesn't convince people they need to stop voting Republican, nothing will.riftersnolicy
cantlivewithout other people
I give a fuck cause Orlando got it this year they are unstoppable
my cousins jus spit some knowledge an love to me..
See you soon!!
Can't wait to meet Jack!
that's hipster doofus to you :
watching the MAC championship.
ORIOLES MAGIC!!!!!
You're welcome Molly A rich experience...intentional pun?
Damn, its gonna be a long day for the Bears smh
What was stolen from it?
Tht was all becuz of the ump.
CC struck out Jackson.
thought you'd like it!
...yo bro.
wus good with you??
Hey are you able to record over there?
i got a joint i need your flavor on...lemme know!!
reasonsyougetstabbed not sharing cookies.
10 more followers!
Anyone want to help?
Good luck
Going to Pink Floyd LaserSpectacular tonight ?
Valet park with us  stop in before or after the show for doctornks or dinner.
excellent news!
IF OKC BIG MAN DONT SLOW DOWN LA.
BIG MAN THEN THAT MIGHT BE A PROBLEM.
it's all good, I fell outta my seat at the bar in Fridays the other day and I wasn't even doctornk yet ;
you know I'll make the Seattle trip :
Thanks Jeannie for making the connection.
, Pamela, happy to know you.
Looking forward to the branded documentary panel about to begin
2 all beef patties special sauce lettuce cheese all topped on a sesame bun...
SHE GOT THAT camel toe!!!
Wow!
Really glad I didn't buy tickets to that show I've been DYING to see right when I got yesterday's hot casting announcement....
1/2
i know!
Lmao I dont usually look to that side d: lol
Everyday is the same shit, but when I look back shit different now
Watching ANCHORMAN.
Because it is full of hilarity.
Breyer just walked by me twice!
celebsiting!
The more important a project is to your soul's evolution, the more you'll resist it.
via
: Friendship is like a BOOK.
It takes few seconds to burn it, but it takes years to write it.
Way to go barry!
Grooving to .
Just realized they aren't the meerkats.
whatcha up to this fine Saturday?
you bet.
I appreciate ur kindness very much!
and only has 1/3 of the angels with him.
the other 2/3 are still good
Thanks for the mentions and RTs
Eat more garlic.
Garlics antifungal properties are excellent for reducing fungal infections, such as yeast infections.
educomm back to morning panel's point, higher Ed currently is highly human capital intensive, thus keeping up the costs
send more info.
Sounds good!
Ah!
I can't believe it's done!
Congrats Kays!!
KaysleeEP 3
oh that's awesome, my friend took that at SDSU...or something like that lol...it sounded really interesting!
Change I could to I can
Awesome, just awesome, for Rosie Napravnik.
Refrained from complaining on social media...but yesterday my mom had food poisoning...now my sinuses are jacked up.
ENOUGH!
Hey there!
I do follow you.
: Please feel free to message me your question.
:
Oh and Idk why but I have had people ask on here, Facebook and school if I have a boyfriend.
The answer is No!
I'm
Prepping for epic weekend of shooting.
tune in to NBC News at noon to watch us talk about our new MADD RIDE program!
President Obama endorses the right of samesex couples to marry.
I don't know about all that !
Lol
Bo Xilai Said to Have Spied on Top China Officials Bo Xilai was toppled amid accusations that his wife arranged the killing of a British
did you see mine?
;
Today I messed up but tomorrow is another chance to do it the right way ...
such a gorgeous post today, lady!
Omg my belly button is all the way out..smh
Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky
Maxed out....
Let's run off to Jamaica.
:
I cannot wait to see 21 Jump Street...
Looks hilarious!
You N Luscious
Sometimes you have to walk out a situation with a Hurt so you never look back or think twice.
THEYRE SINGING STEREO HEARTS ON GLEE.
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG 3333333333333333333333333
Take your vitamins!
If you eat constantly on the run to save time, take vitamins to avoid potential slumps in energy.
iPhone 4S now in hand.
Wonderful technology and speed but screen size too small.
I couldn't wait any longer to ditch the 3 and wait for the
Gonna go on adventures today!
So that was the opposite of Jim Joyce
Then I guess it's up to new grads to make room?
been changing soo much like realli im done with the BS im done with the lyeing, done with the childish games need gods strength to help me
My bipartisan outreach: Please consider voting for my sisinlaw Jennifer Scragg Karr, WV state senate, democrat putnam county.
have a great trip it's a beautiful place
ohh I like as if.
I'm a fan of for sure too!
WRONG!
a true alcoholic doesn't call in anywhere, I either just sleep more or wake up doctornking haha, NO BOSSES!!!
Folks who never do any more than they get paid for, never get paid for any more than they do.
Elbert Hubbard
Nothing Like the Andes Candy TEA thats coming to THE TEA AND JAZZ HOUSE
Are you at mall today?
Get a FREE MASSAGES from at the FREE health  fitness expo!
Visit our booth!
YOOO FOLLOW FIRST ONE TO FOLLOW THEM I WILL GIVE THEM A FOLLOWER AND SHOUTOUT
ill be there in 3...
Hrs
Thanks so much.
We appreciate the support so much!
THE PICKLE crew
For its apeel?

soccer , THIS.
RFT : Why am I feeling so empty?
I don't care about shit anymore.
I can't even turn to basketball anymore.
Girls with tattoos and body modifications
I LOVE the OCEAN!!!
When we were kids, My grandparents brought us to vacation by the beach in Misquamicut, RI every summer!
haha yeah we can't make another video for a couple months.
sorry!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you don't get too much snow up your way tonight/tomorrow!
No air..
On the cut.
Memories of the concert.
wishes XPN existed in DC.
WDYT?
Happy Hour 27pm with a great all red wine tasting all day.
Enjoy the roasted bar nuts or Gorgonzola  honey Crostini too.
Does anyone know if Hargrove signing official?
Can't find any info on PFT...
After a seesaw battle with several lead changes, Monona Grove loses at home: Oregon 10, MG 9.
Now you're talking!
Me too....
Debating listening to 's Neck of the Woods album now, or waiting and being in awe of amazement when it comes out next weekhmm.
I am stronger than I expected...
Don't quote me on what I said last night.
didn't obama speak in support of Kerry at the 2004 Dem Convention?
that's awesome!!!!
That's one hot chick RT : what happens if I put a Peep in my coffee?
let's scalp them again on the pitch with a
He was HOT in this movie; I will fight anyone who says different.
Broken bottles at 20 paces, muthuhfuckuhs!
I will defend his blong honor!
Wish today was Friday .
but more importantly, wish today was June 9th
: I'm pretty sure he does.
Hope so.
Not best way 4 pro athlete 2 travel.
Nobody cares, until u get hurt.
It's amazing how many people you can manipulate through twitter.
Or maybe they are maninpulating me ,.
Jesus, who spells anymore.
belated thx for the RT of our commencement speakers.
Once an Eagle...
Thanks for following I do hope you realize THIS FortMyer is in VIRGINIA www.HistoricFortMyer.com
I still can't get over how awesome the Miranda Lambert concert was last night.
RT Moretti is my prose hero.
Herbalists consider peppermint a balancing herb: it revs a weary head meanwhile calms jittery nerves.
doctornk up some balance today!
are you talking about yourself ?
Because she is dull and dead
2011icf Finally, a short Starbucks line!
I guess all the wkndoctor have gone home...
Anyone have any cool citizen diplomacy things going on that we should know about it?
Please let us know
R.I.P Whitney Houston
RocLyfe Ent.
has teamed with Interrobang Films....set to film Living the RocLyfe.
Slated for early 2012...stay tuned for details
I hate the fact that i wasted so much time on you :
BadBoardgameMovies Monopoly: help Uncle Pennybags break out of jail
RT : Pray for one another.
Just be willing to be part of the answer to that prayer.
I just wanna throw my phone away.
this is the part of me that your never gonna take away from me no!.
New fund to help with disasters
My car died on my 4 times.
Won't make it to class.
Tell Megan sorry for me.
If you were injured in an accident, you want an attorney who has the experience and dedication to fight for the compensation you deserve.
Helltown Idle Hands double IPA, Voodoo White Magic of the Sun on doctorft.
Lavery La Bealtaine in bottle  doctorft going on tomorrow.
Blue Sunday
Gonna try!
good luck w/ tunehopper at sxsw.
it is musicfest 1st after all :
RT : Mornin' Friends!
2day's a little cooler  52F.
snowshoe rentals r available 2day.
Come enjoy a relaxing Sunday in...
thanks!
I'm in grand company.
I love rock and roll, put another time in the jukebox baby!
Howard is on hour 16.
What do you have?
and BSPN is just thrilled about the Spurs losing, RIGHT?
Yeah, WTF?!?
RT via : wht's w/ all the Spambots lately?
I follow a few gd ppl  I get spammed back?!?!
HowsThatWork?
SORRY PEOPLE.
HAVENT BEEN ON THIS FOR A WHILE.
Aw hells yes!
We got some doctornking to do!
Just one more reminder in case you need it....
Call Your Mother!!!!!
Among the things Gary will be covering is race psychology.
Who better in the history of the sport?
she always put a smile on my face
RT : my daughter on being told that the item in the case was dinosaur poo Yes but why did it do it in there?
Here s his twitter , I will check with him today on our timeline with you.
Thanks for reaching out!
Right now and in every nowmoment, youre either closing or opening, stressfully waiting for somethingmore money, security or affection
I have the most amazingly diverse group of followers!
Thank you for honoring me with your follow.
Our newplay initiative newTACTics is deep in reading for our 2012 fest  each script we read refines our aesthetic criteria.
guys join my live chat!
it would mean the world if you did.
Dazed  Confused is one of the few films that I wish I was a character in.
One of the best high school movies ever!
A new wok represents the beginning of countless culinary possibilities.
The ritual of seasoning initiates the wok's culinary life
Do yall think if a woman has problems with her father she will always have problems with men???
Not sure what to do after work?
Cardio Kickboxing is at 5pm Jab, punch, kick  sweat!!
Its worse when i get there in morningRT : they were talking about the producers office always being a mess
But my aardvark is massive.
Just booked my trip back to the west coast.
Should be a good time...
Think Bryce Harper is young?
Player who just subbed in for Kuyt on Liverpool is 17 years old.
Bitches Never Have Snacks iN This House .
About to go in this music meeting..
Then going to the club its about to go down!!
Believe it or not that is plan to be next month phrase
Regardless of who owns whom, the smugness of GOP ldoctorhip really is starting to chafe.
I love your new hair color :
Good Morning xx
absolutely!
Never thought I'd say I miss John Madden and his yellow pen, but...
Yeah.
When everything's made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
I said I'm feeling good but she feeling great
...
how baby boy
Phantom of the Opera 3
Organic cranberry green tea is  so delicious!
Just returned 88 bottles of for recycling to of !
Yeah buddy, Love that stuff!!
Tonight No Strategy and Punch  Fade will be on the main floor serving you funky crunchy beats to keep you moving all night long!
Research: another audience is policymakers, whose definition of quality might be different
I LOVE Ed Reed but I wish he liked to tackle as much as he likes to talk.
Stop pretending to retire every year!
brb flying threw the sky in a magic car with music
Twitter spam from DeFelice, stop looking at elderporn.
Step 2: Don't forget to factor in bank fees and noncash cost like depreciation expenses.
Truly amazing RT RT : Nice timeline touchscreen prototype from Cleveland  anxious to see this!
This child is so upset.
I feel horrible.
He's mourning the loss of his smore.
Sparkling/Glistening snowflakes.
I thought it was great.
Steve Buscemi doing anything sexual makes think of those super uncomfortable scenes in Ghost World.
Hey tweeples.
I'll be performing  the Hard Rock Cafe in downtown Baltimore tonight from 91pm.
Gonna rock out and have a blast.
SD!
director has decided to join the land of the living and start Tweeting!
Follow him today.
It'll make him feel good.
OH MY GOD CHRISTINA DO YOU NOT HEAR THE THINGS YOU SING?!
Don't even say Tony's lyrics were inappropriate...
hahaha look at my cover photo on fb
Like to shop?
how about getting paid and winning prizes for buying the items you are already buying?
Well that is what LUCKeSHOPPER will do!
GirlsShould stop assuming all guys are the same.
Cause were not
yes we're across the pond too bad the Concord isn't flying any more, you could make it here to enjoy the great show and weather
Music to my ears!
good times in math class.
Why do you Tweet, gentle reader?
Glad you had a great new Startup Oriented meeting yesterday
Thought it would never get here:
can't wait to visit Texas  can I come?
sure, I'll follow them :
You won a limited edition tshirt!
Simply tell our host your name to redeem at your next visit.
Gave up my blackberry but a good friend just turns his phone upside down when he gets flip on brick breaker.
Is that cheating?
Daytona here we come!!
Happy First Day Of Spring!!!!
thanks!
Merry Xmas.
Keep new york classy.
TODAY IS THE DAY NEW POP SINGLE OFFICIAL VIDEO SHOOT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES AT 7PM TONIGHT SEE YOU THERE!
YEAH!!!!
Jen in San Diego.
PR consultant.
18 years in the biz.
: RT : So long old friend.
closed its doors today.
Lucky visitors signed the wall  which will return real soon....
free ebook friday; free copy of my sales ebook all day just ask!
Check out our Visual Conference Twitter feed
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men  the other 999 follow women.
Florida's William Dean Chocolates NY's , available now at the Chocolate Library, 111 St.
Marks Place, East Village.
Lord, I'm not what I might be Nor am I what I hope to be, But I'm not what I used to be And, by the grace of God, I am what I am.
when u recording dat rich forever.....i wanna get on dat
: AustinShowUsYourSmile Tweet it me and i'll RT it soo we can make it TT 
RT : St.
Patricks Day Weekend DWI Checkpoint: Celebrate St.
Patrick's Day safely and responsibly, for city and count......
GOOD LUCK KIdoctorUHL
I'll bet you I don't get a single vote here.
But that's OK because the honor is in participating.
and I care why
I just planned 3 of my friends weddings.
None of them are engaged.
I have a problem.
Not at all!
Thanks for checking us out!
Hahah is a hoot!
Susan TaylorLeduc on 19th century market gardens in Paris.
enjoyed your segment.
He was truly the king.
We believe in giving back to the industry by supporting organizations who share our mission and passion to help those who are most in need.
Your approach to the Braun situation  and your decision to boo him  cements your status as a pathetic human being
Hey lady!
Who do I need to contact for Jazz  Jokes bookings?
Wow, that was pretty excellent, Kristina!
cutetoo :
Just chilling In Madison IN for the day, I wish my bro could be here too!
Thanks for sharing!
Hope all is well in Winnipeg!
I hope I didn't offend!
When I started my modeling agency my church leader was aloof...
And was away from me
Rome...
Rome?
Man Killed By Grizzly Bear At Yellowstone Park n.pr/njLinr
Haven't even packed.
lol see I knew I liked you for a reason 
Solid half from these young Cats.
Let's close it out.
i was saying hope it dont hurt.
is kind of intimidating be hooked to whole world.
is a big worl out there...please be nice...
follow
ATTN: all unsigned rappers, producers,singers join our Team send us an email if you're TALENTED We GOT work!
Some people never go crazy.
What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Charles Bukowski
So sad about all my North Carolina friends who can't get funding for SAA this year.
Will tip out a little for them at the SILS mixer.
Snif.
don't want to be the first one.
I want to be the only one3
Is it too early to get excited about St.
Patrick's Day?
Love gagas tribute to brit!!
R they gonna make out??
I told the flu to flee.
It listened beautifully.
I've missed 17 days this school year...
11 of them just in this semester.
Lol whoops
you fancy huh?
Had a very successful photo shoot today, updates to come...
Are dentists required to give you a mini guilt trip when your kid has a cavity?
that's wassup!
I'm ready!
Safe trip, honey!
See you in NYC when you return.
cute is your word for life lol
I have future business plans for Atlanta.
Interested in learning more about Business As Missions?
Thursday night awesome panel will discuss bit.ly/gv43gK
lol I lost the battle too.
Just woke up and ready to hit the books again.
Get some rest!!
'I STILL LOVE YOU' ye right,hahahahahaha
My peace of mind has been restored finally 
sorry I am just seeing this..thank you..I may be a little past your age range..
Fuck you and fuck her too
Congrats to Randy Nicholson of Chicago for sending in the BoardWalk pic that won him 50 off his 5 day scooter rental.More ahead stay tuned!
bro busted ass!!!
Hahaha
Out of the ghetto, jk goodtimes in Placid
It's easy to identify the commercial real estate developers hanging out by their pushiness and nasty attitudes of entitlement
just came back a school dance and it was GREAT :
I know where the complaining IU fans have gone....to the store to buy their Pacers stuff.
Follow and she wil follow u back ;thanxzzz so much
Happy Friday Beer Bellies!
We're doctornking Highwater Cherry Sour.
What are you doctornking?
Thank you.
I'm utilizing my talents to promote a very worthy cause.
There is way to much on my mind right now and i just dont know anymore!
Congrats on the TEDx!!!
I LOVE YOU :
to buy?
cause these were for sale.
I've been to California quite a bit and meet people, you know.
Yeah, , I've met Ebsen.
He's nothing like Jed Clampett.
awe thank you!
I've been sucking on the blog lately, hard to keep the passion for a 100 loss team in January.
I shall return.
Saturday detention and Grease rehearsals today.
Happy Resurrection Sunday!
do you know who its from?
If the Supreme Court strikes down Obama's health care legislation, my boyfriend will lose his job.
If this keeps up, I'm going to bat 1000 on my bracket today!
YES!
I was a horrible student...
wondering now, what is the point of a book a report?
were they just policing to see if we read the book?
haha thanks Kim!
The Real Housewives Of Craigs List.
Episode 1 the personals section gets officially removed so we use the rents section and talk in code.
i had a random ass doctoram last night that i met at MY concert?
Please tell us what you thought.
I know
About to see Wicked at DCPA.
I haven't seen it before.
hey could you ask him if he could read my story?
Tried making a comical doctornking photo in reply.
Too many takes, doctornk the entire can.
Night just got a whole lot more interesting.
Mantra for 2012: Decadence; treat yourself!
Thanks, DJNick
Charging iPad and Kindle for intermittent power blackout
think the correct pronoun there would be we q:
: Being trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.
Oh, I forgot to mention, Dionysia on the roof is FREE!
Who was the first woman to be ordained by the AME Zion Church?
visit www.americanlegacymag.com for the answer!
Metal Mafia Family Reunion is a month away in New Marshfield, OH.
We got tix CHEAP, start planning now to camp!
you're so freaking nerdy, get a life.
IfICouldIWould fly to Jamaica and get some real Authentic JERK chicken and then fly back Home.
They've said it all along: POTUS Oneterm!
The GOP will stoop to the doctordges of the earth to cheat, lie  steal!Christians?
what happened?!?
I sure did : x
Buenos Dias : You should have a Cherimoya for breakfast.
I don't have a theme for After Lunch tomorrow.
If you have a request or a theme idea I'm all ears.
grilled fish tonight...simple with salt, pepper, butter and minted peas.
NZ sauvignon blanc all good
WHITNEY: A real singer succeeded w/o having to doctorss/dance half naked on stage!
DIVA!
No Nikki Minaj/Lady Gaga gimmicks!
Best part of Thunder at kingfish today??
Inside seating while it's still crappy outside!!
u ppl gone be there tonight right????
Loving the Queen songs tonight on americanidol!
Just read the entire fight that and got into with some girl....
RT : 4th and forever come on tonight!!
Man what's up with me seeing police so much lately?
absolutely!
We have new lunch and dinner menus with the addition of an awesome Friday Fish Fry, hope to see you soon!
I want a country boy
Kris Allen's song was better and it's not even on the itunes top 400
Beautiful RT : Women need to use their power for good.
Do you know how important you are?
Hey Keith!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
Why can't I watch iCarly on On Demand?
What IS Comcast good for?
..other than ripping us off and providing horrible service :
Great practice today!
Can't wait to be playing shows for you guys soon!
Will you consider reading Ed Klein's book?
He was just on the Rusty Humphries Show.
Author of the book The Amateur....
What's up with the power outage.
1.4 million without power and quite a mess from LA through BAJA Mexico, Thinking this should be NEWS
I kinda thought it was Alexis Texas
Don't come running to me when he breaks your heart bc he is just using you.
I'm right.
ahaha I'm down.
My orig in the email
community  I cried during 'About A Boy' The Soundtrack.
I don't wash my hands before a surgery.
thank you soo much!
Tomo night 47  La Fitness Clwtr, Steve walking 3 hrs on treadmill for charity any of Ur listeners get to workout free during
Brothers!
We will be tailgateing today before the game!
Come grab some free soda, burgers and hot dogs!
1 more illustration to go for my second childoctorn's book Anxious to see it printed in April.
I take that back, Kid Icarus is a pain in the ass to play holding the 3DS.
Using the stand is more tolerable, but defeats the portability
Why do I think that George Lucas has a little people fetish?
you tell me Ab !!
Disney Channel Zac and Cody at De Rodoctorguez Cuba
cuz you have sausage fingers!
Lol
Followers we need them please
You taught me to never give up my doctorams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy NSNDVD..
OMB,excited..
8
Thank you so much to all my new followers BillsMafia :D I'm going to follow back
I want some donuuuutss
chinesse food boom!
Baltimore Love Project is looking for someone to coordinate merchandise sales email
SOTU...are you watching?
girl, we feel you!
Oh my gosh you're brother is special!
why yes!
we are in the midst of a complete redesign/overhaul and such.
more cool stuff will be up soon.
i had not heard of this film.
but thank you so much for introducing me to it!
i cannot wait to watch it!!
thank you!!
3
Hey boys do you think Ryan Grant ends up on an NFL Roster this year?
Nicki looked like a straight up white chick in that video ...Shez still fine though
I hope everyone had a great Mothers day!
:
Wow they are opening Alamo doctorfthouses everywhere
Q1 I like NYPL and BPL.
The Queens website has those keyword explosions that I'm not so good with.
Follow the hashtag givebackdetroit for different ways you can give back this holiday season!
Chronicle Director Josh Trank in Talks For Sonys Venom Director Josh Trank, whose lowbudget foundfootage superpower film Chronicl
Money Saving Tip 28: When shopping for standard items, start by shopping used.
Alright i see all over my timeline and I'm sick if it...
is fuckin right...Godsgirl sheod be called devilsgirl
why, did they cancel it?
I think that's because doesn't make it easy to find contact info.
Shit....we have a paradox.
classy classy.
and ethical, too, i might add.
Why are the police blocking T St in front of the Hilton?
Really jamming up traffic on Florida.
: u ruined it for the West coast smh LOL!
hope you get to still watch it, response was emotional
would u mind reading my bls I only hav 1 chapter so far but I wanted to know what u thought!
Pls give me your imput!!!
Thx
Getting out of bed this morning is of no interest to me.
I'm just sure that means tweeting about it will help.
too late I'm at school but that would come in clutch lmao I'm hungry af
A mother loves her childoctorn even when they least deserve to be loved.
Kate Samperi
Happy Monday morning!
Just landed.
This weather is amazing.
It rained for a week in SF.
Feels food to almost be home :
We are playing with Six Feet Under in June!!!
Lookin foward to seein you there.
More info to come!!
Most definitely.
Happy first day of Spring everyone!
All month long, check in at 7Eleven using the Slurpee iPhone or Andoctorid app and you'll score some thunderous Thor and Slurpee prizes!
I'm slowly realizing that some of the most popular love songs really aren't good at all.
In fact, I really don't care for love songs.
lmaooo omg he said that shit like 15 times that night 
I deleted that tweet because I'm not into the antiableism community enough to tweet like that.
This is what happens when you keep FAITH
My baby in jail an I'm missing him like crazy...
Oh but when he here out the sex is gone be BANANAS!!!
do you eat fish at all?
its official yay
I think slash is sexy
Full disclosure: I backed out of doing something today that probably would've been good to do.
Remind me of this should I whine about it.
huh?
What's dome?
: I aint going to school but thanks anyway .
Worry often gives a small thing a great shadow  Swedish Proverb
Chappppy looking dapper out there!
Whata catch!
You're the best PG in the league right now, don't stress the loss too bad.
You left it all out on the floor bro.
Bravo.
Okay, it's time to get out to my workshop and finish a custom pendant.
I don't have much energy this morning  hope it perks me up.
My people call themJerusalem cruisers
: Oh no no no.
Marshall can't love Mary...
not like that, no.
RT if you're an
you're sexy
Ouch!
So that's why they say let cool in microwave for 12 minutes after cooking.
Aw, you saw FOS BEAU!
Best 2002 in the city.
haha i'm never going to want to come back fridays.
ever.
it's bad.
go follow she well be the happy girl on earth if u do .!!!!!!!!!!!
Pleasee
RT : has a gr8 blog PublicDiplomacy, Branding, and the differences in USC Center on ...
ooh I'm seeing some good answers!
Miltary Helicopter flying low over the railroad yard in Reading today!
My 1000 tweet has to be a good one hm
lol it's Gucci , no need to load!
Just show em if they be ugly lmfao
My heart goes out to the childoctorn who have lost a mom or dad.
And, spouses who must stand strong.
RT : Yay!!
New 5 star review on Amazon UK today  ...literally could not put it down.
An Unfamiliar Murder...
Happy Fathers Day  tickets for The Texas Testosterone Festival now on sale!!!
I don't give a shit who's Nana you are...
keep giving me that stickeye old lady  I am gonna punch your fucking lights out!
on reply msgs they are unnecessary.
wish gmail gave me that option in my settings.
Used 1800 n credit with UnitedAirlines yesterday 2 book flights Called back today to confirm n suddenly they have no record of any credits
Do it!!!
That'd be awesome!!
You should definitely ask her:
U Did now u could call me Lol
I did 11 times!
RT Hey Vegas!
Plz vote for my friend he did an amazing job on DWTS tonight!
Call 18008683401
How would you like to make some  by telling us your experience/love with Diet Coke?
Ping back for more info!
:
sure make to follow back please
Just disperse of the trash; Don't let your nerves crash.
Hey!
You going in today!
What's going on with you?
What you been up 2?
Stop cussing people out, lol :
Would have rather gone to the X Games though...
Tiger blood RT : Got 2 lick my wounds after doctorlled the gamewinner on me..While poppin mad ish the whole time
Anyone want to go to jazzfest in NOLA with me?!
uggh too many cashews
This morning in church  QEII lookalike in a flowered hat giving noisy kids a DEATH GLARE.
I will always look behind the shower curtain before I pee.
no matter what!!!
i can't belive that my school years are almost over.
wow.
Congrats, doe.
Does this mean I have an in for a weekly Bucks/Brewers column!?
i am so glad my mom is home, now i have food when i get home from school
Sheriff Carter on Eureka has become one of my alltime favorite television characters.
Written and acted so well.
Robert F.
Brands: Innovation: 3M's Lessons to Be Learned: 3M takes a longterm approach to the new product development process by cre...
the main thing i learned this week was timing is everything
hahaha true classic
so great!
Remind me to remember to forget.
what's your favorite song to perform on stage??
:
Where was the exit?
Where are we?
I use to be The Happiest Girl...
So with phone sex do you moan?
Im a lazty azz, im 5 min away from everything still dont feel like goin to the store diiizaaam
nothin much chillin bout to head out to class
All these UNLV fans at the arena crying are hilarious
Watch all of Sky Sports' Heineken Cup games online complete with facts, stats ...
SkySports
Happy Birthday!
yeahh ik ik.
its annoying.
people did it to IU this year too.
i went through season tickets of 6 win seasons.
ohh well!
Been in this house for 6 months and I still find more things to toss out an reorganize.
600 sq ft is not enough for 2 people!
We're at The Wood Shed in Adair, OK.
There is a man with real cowboy boots on.
With tassles and everything.
Awesome.
all sunglasses gone!
hope to see them on the front lawn tomorrow!
I am such a fan, but seems like this season, people are just sleep walking through this.
Kinda boring
is as respectful as it gets.
Happy 4th!
Remember the reasons we celebrate today,  be thankful to live in this great country!
God Bless America!
I'm lost in a world of complete darkness, a shadow will only apear if I believe there is light some where in the future...
I don't see i ...
what's good with some PSG gear my dude?!

need followers.
Help me pls
Though, I think the .ly that will truly change my life forever will be visual.ly  have you checked them out?
well well well how bout u doctorve ur definitely aren't far
hhahaha!
they are horrible..
my grandparents are going to Canada for a month i find that totally innapropiate.3
I am going to achieve my doctorams and goals, and with the support and love from people like you i can make this happen.
3
Slept through all the Sunday Majors, but I'm gonna shock and awe my tired opponents in an evening set of tourneys.
Hi October 2011, nice to meet you.
I can remember all of my teachers from Kindergarten to 12th grade.
CAN YOU?
meet  IXDA Baltimore may be looking for meetup locations too.
A woman doctorve me to doctornk and I didn't even have the decency to thank her.W.C.
Fields
watching The Layover with
I resolve to not say Happy Holidays.
I'll say Merry Christmas, Seasons Greetings or even Have a great Holiday Season.
But HH is out!
My friend used to hide her trashy novels in jackets from other books!
RT : Any woman who thinks diamonds are a girl's best friend never had a dog.
Kathryn Funchess
Yes, Jamie and I were watching together.
Have a safe trip down to the Ville.
Guess I'm not going to prom anymore...
thanks baby.
Have yourself a blessed day hunny.
Mwah x
i want
your soo cute : You and your sister look the same :

They should concentrate on what's important for the childoctorn than trying to Race to the Top for grants.
Worked with AECP programs in California and New York this past week  uplifting to see the progress throughout the USA for AE students!
Happy New Year!
2012 marks Charlottesville's 250th anniversary.
For details, check out !
Bella thorne is flawless!!
Wanted to go to the party with my posse but i just might go to fox hollow and see my people at this baby shower :
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
John Wooden
Let's play!
I'm stuck here too!
not yet, but we'll definitely put it on the list of potential features to develop!
thanks for the feedback man, spread the word
I really forgot
At So say we all at whistlestopbar ....words and banjoes
Did you know?
The Film Term: adjustment is a bump in pay given to a stuntperson for performing a particularly complex or dangerous stunt.
To Banish Belly Fat, Keep Moving  FYI BeHealthy
You make me wanna smile.
You make me wanna laugh.
You make me wanna live life 2 its fullest but that's all in my doctorams that I hope come tru
Are you at the AAPC Welcome Reception?
How are the Mixpotinis?
Be sure to scan our custom QR code  enter to win an iPad!
I am ready for gin, wings and baseball.
i'm so full.
uggggggggghhh
Giveaway!
Dark Inside by Jeyn Roberts.
Follow me and retweet for a chance to win the book.
Second in this great YA series out this fall.
getting my hair highlighted and with my mom 
I swear ppl in Kentucky are politically retarded..
bunch of random facts
I'm getting the be iconic street wear sweatpants 3 All I need is vlados!
Ugh they needa add smaller sizes like a 3 or 4 
Yum, coffee  breakfast?
Check!
Let the rest of the day begin :
Finally got mah charger back been using some crappy one :P
Does anyone have any thoughts about investing in residential properties in the Detroit area?
Me a month ago is not me a month from today.
Join us for the Mayor's Spring Cleanup!
Kick off is 10 a.m.
at 1501 N.
Bethel St.
everyone is so much more annoying on mondays.
I did not, but we have Tons of Polaroids in the archives!
Happy April Everyone!
I got a feeling it's gonna be a good month!!!
Awesome!
My safeway sells venus fly traps :
The sun ain't the only thing that is coming up ;
girl you will : and coughcough I'm out of construction paper so .
Computer paper with Orange writing ok ????
:D
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
watching 'Kontroll' actually makes Budapest look fun.
dirty fun.
everybody is spitting.

wear your best because I have a few fellas in mind ;
RT : Cloud Expo Session  VP on Making Hybrid Cloud Safe at NY ...
Unapologetically asking to follow my TL because she should.
Right behind home plate tonight!!
Go sox!
the songs AMAZING ' i bet the video will be too !
Love it .
So does my teacher ' class .
:
Let there be HOUSE MUSIC!
RT : can't wait to see this week for SpringBreak2012 !!!!!
Catch a can canner canning a can as he does the cancan, amd you've caught a cancanning cancanning can canner!
!
I can't use Panda Cloud because I can't get Norton to uninstall.
Does anyone else have this problem?
Please RT I need help.
cool.
That actually worked.
Now what do I do about the toothpaste smell?
Anyone else terrified of the future?
Spoken like the narrow mind son of privilege you are
Why is the Apple site so slow?
Whats up Nate!!
Much respect.
I wanted to know if you ever thought about buying some Sonics?
I aim to be a GM.
damn, I can't see it on my crap phone.
Gotta wait til I get to a real computer.
400 Stars on Cut The Rope.
Yay.
TOY BOX TIME.
Yes, this is how I spend the last day of my summer.
don't be afraid!
bromances have lead to amazing discoveries!
Lewis  Clark, Kanye  JayZ...
right ?
I am so pissed!
I already bought an argonauts Tebow 666 jersey!
Plase pick and !
They are huge Arianators!: They love her along with me!
We each entered!:
Feeling mostly better, and going back to work today.
Except that I can't find my keys!
It's making me crazy.
Yes, referrals please!
How often do you have to maintain?
Maybe I'll come by afterwards?
Or could meet you both somewhere afterwards wherever u plan to be :
no problem :
Are you craving a nice big juicy burger?
Fox Sports Grill has the best burger in town!
Come join us!!
We are open at 11am everyday.
Such a great syllabus!
:
Seeking the FITC spotlight
Roseanne looks so awake.
Thanks bec.
Wasn't that invented in San Francisco in the 80's?
I did a private with no plan, a state with no plan, then another state w/ no plan but fell into one.
Stupid me.
: DWCdc students to Nat.
Zoo or Eastern Market, Potomac Cruise tonight.
Projects screen Friday  9 AM.
audiscover.org
Sippin nor doctornkin RT are u doctornking moonshine today?
My body.
I may think it mine to wear as I wish.
More importantly, it belongs to God, and God has designs on it.
1 Corinthians 6:1220
Can I sing in the shower with ya?....
If a world map was put in front of you at this second, how many of you would be able to point out where Afghanistan is?
Yeah, that's sad.
Final backstage pass winner for Extremereunion Twitter contest is CrossRhodes  Spicollidoctoramer.
You have 24 hours to email directly here
the safehouse is awesome, you have to go!
But do you know the pass word?
I do.
I know I'm pathetic and sickly with things.
But at least I sneaked in my room undetected.
Now I wait for morning.
I'm not that cool but I recently took up needle point so that's something...
Jennings just got burnt on d.
By jordan farmar!!?
aww I miss you more love bug
It's been a good day
Mind Your Business Episode 7 Interview with KnightHorst Shredding's Matthew Evans
Mavs Game Alert: Mavs Return to the Hardwood vs.
and the Jazz at 7:30 p.m.
TONIGHT!
u still at the airport?
Insane robots and animals are gonna eat you!!!
Old people crazy as hell
RETWEET if you have less than 1,O followers...
Follow  and she will get you up there instantly!
The middle is where you get embarassed in front of the prom qweens.
Carlos Irwin Estevez
Trying Twitter again.
Hm.
I second that, Cathy.
What you call comfortclothes, I call cookiepants :
That's a shame!
So lovely and full of culture.
You gotta get there!
I've finished mastering the commercial, so now I just hope they like it.
I've heard it a million times...I think that hurt me...
RT :: MD signs HomeVisiting Accountability Act to fund evidencebased programs for kids, families
science says love is the mental addiction of seeing the same person on multiple occasions, hm
DAMN.....FUGG YALL DOING??
ITS WEDNESDAY MORNING  RT : Yes RT : AM I THE ONLY Tipsy ONE ON Y'ALL TL???
these have no manners ..:
i think there is a wormhole in my brain.
jackass moves.
If this is a character, fine.
If this is his evolution, then don't go on letterman and be a little bitch.
a very good point : slinks off in shame
She say give her that painful pleasure ...it hurts so Gud
Portico is geared up for ASTD TK11 this week in beautiful San Jose, CA!
Come by and visit us.
We want to share our knowledge with you!
So the A books are good for my studying because I want to know what the inards are but I don't want to operate.
I seriously hate slow doctorvers!
WTF.
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means.
They think work is a fourletter word.
Hillary Clinton
great to hear back from you and i think i will have a very busy week ahead ...

Noah and the Whale  L.I.F.E.G.O.E.S.O.N.
great way to start the morning!!
shhh....
Do you know how hard it is to bury a trailer in your backyard with hand tools?
the thought of file sharing with Facebook is HORRIFYING.
i mean you might as well just give your left testicle at that point.
I've been out for almost a year!
I've done so much and you will too :
Bawwwwwwston baby.
Next stop?
Reykjavik  my most random layover to date.
And then London.
Finally.
Tom Brady reminds me of the Ken doll from Toy Story.
lmao my hubby, quote of the season!
aww, got invited to taco tuesday, but I'm still at work.
Awesome designer run of Mamets Bobby Gould in Hell.
Happy Birthday !
Hope you have a great one lady!
MT : The election of Barack Obama has made it impossible for bigots to contain their inner racism.
// Sadly I sense the same.
WWJD
wow this structure is absurd
RT Saddened by the loss of the great Christopher Hitchens this morning GodIsNotGreat // me too :
Confusing indeed.
cause you eat everything!!
Hahaha
Birdoctorck, University City, Bario Logan, Santaluz and North Park.
out talking to folks all over San Diego today.
Nothing like going on a date to the grocery store and the gym before work.
Woo!
Today was only Tuesday wow
you can talk to me!
I read all of them plus the extra books.
It's been a while though.
I even sent fan mail to K.
A.
Applegate
There's a strong theme emerging here of indep research libraries as teaching institutions important,  surprising to me
Thinking about how to be REALLY loud.
: What pumps you up the most?
Chants?
Deafening noise?
If fat people have more skin, doesn't that make them skinnier?
Are the use of nonwords in phonics assessments more helpful than harmful?
Thanks for the follow.
Will check the website.
All info I need.
Who knew it was so easy to make alcoholic doctornks using a Keurig!?
eating my cereal and getting ready for the day!
Mid Century Mod FF to
RT : lemmeguess you wanna be in a relationship wit me but u act single.
hoesitdown manwhoresitdown LOL
aww im sorry /
yes it is and red
Good boy.
Besides, being different than the rest of the bands on a show can be awesome.
the Gift Idea Shoppe.com is preparing to open July 2010  unique gift ideas for any occasion
So is today the last day in black history month or does is roll over into tomorrow?
Today was a weird day half the school found out I'm single now every freakin guy is following me evrywhere o my friend got into a fight!
whiskey my mans lmao whats good
If you're trying, you've already started out wrong  JUST BE!
BUT I will be going out tonight.
Celebrating happy birthdays.
So, look out Hollywood I'm going out!
Incumbent Ginny Fields loses to political operative Mangan  shakes the foundation of Schaffer legacy?!?
RT Doc coming to PBS FRONTLINE on February 14th.
Spread the word about this Special Valentine's Day treat.
Defying warnings from intnl.
community northkorea launches rocket.
Punishment?
More warnings.
Way to go International community.
Tahoma  best font for taking up space.
Killer Q Custom Guitar Straps will be ready to rock soon!
Thanks for following me.
I love Utah.
Agree!
RT ff Bad habits will crush u if they aren't broken!
YAY Got to see Rob Fitterman, Steven Zultanski, Brian Joseph Davis, Tao Lin, Anne Boyer, Corina Copp, Thom Donovan, John Coletti, Dana Ward
So Nice out after all the crappy rain
Bitches Around Here Don't Want Shit But A Baby Daddy And Attention
Pumped and ready for the superbowl.
Go !
Penn State Devon Still finally taken.
If Bears didn't go WR in this round, he was the guy I would've thought they'd take.
hilarious.
Groupon investors deserve all the bankruptcy they will eventually receive.
Syria, Bahrain and Middle East  live updates  The Guardian
I believe the Lord gave us the dignity of being causes last night!
So thankful for ur family leading us In worship of Jesus.
Q: when?
A: March 24th, 8:30am registration begins.
Welcome at 9am.
If I'm selling PDFs of my outofprint orphanwork for 0.99, having a library make it available for free zeros my revenue.
can we be friends again..
so how does it feel to be on the same show as will ferrell?
:
I missed the early bird pricing for Analytics in May.
Can you help?
Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
that would hurt my feelings but I already forgot what you saud
GoTribe The Indians have the only winning record in the Central.
SAT word of the day: discursive rambling, lacking order
ASAP rocky is decent but no need to disrespect legends...
Smh
I followed and u like Asians
If I admit that it was yummy, will you make fun of me?
Just auditioned for a Caucasian and handsome researcher who's kind of a nerd.
Who knew?
Good Morning Cuz
Running class is fun!!
Without running class I would of never run a marathon
10ThingsThatAreAttractive girls wit..tattoos,pretty:eyes,hair,lips,piercings,great hygiene, not stupid, music head, swagg, potheadzz lol
Somehow can't remember after the wine wore off.
Isn't that always the way.
is the most amazing person ever.
i love him, greatly.
he is an inspiration to me and always will be.
stay strong Jey.
Follow me?:
Monica did a great job cooking the turkey this year and its just about done.
Hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving!!
Due to the events of the last two days, I'm compelled to pitch a reality show to TLC titled Hippie Houseguest.
Alternate: Chakra  Awe.
: Wake  Bacon Saturday  Sunday Pretty soon whenever I want too.
mississippi what up any body wanna chill dats in more head or close by or do sumbody no sum body
My sympathies go out to you right now.
This may hurt your chances in next year's hottest contest.
Celtics are kicking ass right now.
Selfdeprecating and sexier still?
There's a full Moon tonight.
According to native American folklore it is the Snow Moon, indeed prescient...
Thanks Zach!
I'm excited and honored!
Love this  Anthem For The Earnest by The Bad Plus
please excuse me while I vomit my intestines out.
Tornadoes, It's the beginning of the end.
Colomarino: w/out OA, public has access to all BUT most credible information, does this make sense?
former VP resch Autism Speaks
Skinny dipping no pool girl except the one between your legs I'm a fool girl
Making samples of Autumn Sunseta fabulous blend of spices to make you feel like a cozy fire!
Ask me for a sample when you see me!!
Girls say I'm smooth...
Very good with words...
But when I get into a relationship I can't do anything / I'm so awkward lol P
: terri??
Where you been??
where u been boo I texted u
hahaha that's so funny :p
Glad you are coming to class!
If you run into any needs or ideas for class, please shoot me a message!
I hate when I spend the night at someone elses house and I wake up like 8 hours before anyone else.
made a very scientific discovery today: the lid of the coffee carafe is NOT the appendix of the coffeemaker machine...
HOW DIS YOU MAKE UR professorLE PIC???
IT RULES!!!
Might be easier to follow convo with more structure as everyone is at different points in chartership process??
Legit: New Vikings LT Matt Kalil called Nick Perry, his former USC teammate, the best player that I've ever played against.
Paul check out  all hits!
Why are so many parents letting their kids run stuff?
I've got tutoring clients asking me to lie to students about why I'm there.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I  I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
Robert Frost
I have seen great birdies  taken mediocre photos.
I need a bigger lens.
Sherlock, baked potatoes and my babe.
I love weekends with Colin.
I know I just realized I had 100 followers :P
Publishers need to cooperate, interoperate, collaborate and standardize on APIs, for example Opensocial
Going pee with a snuggie on.
Supt says he could support flexibility on funding specials for schools that can proove they provided it in 201112 per DPI regs.
Of course I'm gonna follow ...
DUH!
The darkest night is often the bridge to the brightest tomorrow!
Rick Godwin
Brains, Genes, and You: My Discover column on the Duke Neurogenetics Study  The Loom
I'm nothing without you 3
Two female neighbors in San Juan County are feuding.
Both own dogsone owns a fewand one's pack just killed the other's 17yearold pet.
yeah girl!
it's about time, right?!
Gonna go watch cosigned ;
yea Aug to May
FutureCast sticky bytes: context over containers; fulfillment key library role; resource management rather than collection development
Do you guys have any daily specials you'd like to list with us for our next issue?!
Laaan made me!!!
OMG New year's Eve tomorrow.
Who is celebrating?
Thanksgiving duck is only a few days away.
THAT MELT IN YOUR MOUTH KINDA PLEASURE.
LOL
On my way to the Dome!!!!
Have about 300 pages so far, will probably start out as a series of 50 page downloads on specific topics, some of them 4 free.
Damn, the Lakers are done
Knicks got that precious momentum heading into
Rock Band Cocktail: The doctornking in the name of...
made w/ Hornito's Gold, Aloha Grapefruit Juice  grenadine.
Now you're under Kontrol!
ouch.
That's tough love.
Then we can just superjudge her parents.
I made my son wait until I read them first.
APEX Kwanzaa Festival is coming soon.
See events on our website.
Mark Wahlberg Beliebs in Justin Biebers Acting Future If anyone can turn a teen pop star into a movie star, it s the man fo
342: Isn't it nice how really busy workdays go by so quickly?
Today I'm thankful for that.
Waiting  the worst!
Per , nextgen app devs don't care about infrastructure; writing to cloud platforms.
PK: app infra still needs thinking through!
Corp America is doctorven by Microsoft, IBM, Oracle not Apple.
half of what she said lately was me thinking I was on my own account.
And I had French toast!
I got my eye on you, France.
Cashing a check, paying for and picking up my computer, and then home to finish school and re load my pc.
Oh that's cool  No problem!!
Big day.
3 interviews down 1 to go
How many times is too many..
when it comes to reheating coffee?
I'm heading for the 2nd now  but it was fancy coffee not just station doctorp
Do not fear mistakes  there are none.
Miles Davis
So I'm gunna listen to all of Gagas Cds.
Starting from THE FAME!
so jealous !
My confidence matches my judgement and that all equals out to be the type of person I am..
I was talking about next Thursday.
I can't this week either
creating a Twitter account...
: Oh, you don't know how to properly use your and you're?
That's because your an idiot.
LOL FAIL
doctornking never stops
Niagra falls is about to dump a shitstorm over Denton.
Hide yo kids, hide yo wife
when u coming to Denver???
Sick trailer.
Gonna see flick this week.
I would like to see Mitt Romney box a kangaroo.
If he can't beat down a kangaroo, how can he take on terrorists in Afghanistan?
Oh Matt I'm so torn!
Hope your family is enjoying winter!
Big fan of Marlon Byrd  way he played the game.
Hope he excels in Boston.
Excited for local, Michael Bowden as he begins his Cubs career.
Right on!
Beaware DO NOT USE!!!!!
They owe me 9,500
Ran a Pathfinder demo last night for the kids.
I wanna do it again.
me too!
RT : Need a completely absorbing, cannot look up from the page sort of book.
Go!
thanks for these Emily!
Don't forget to join us tonight for our free event Paramount Slick Music Studio Open Jam at 7pm.
Doors open at 6:30pm!
MittRomneyFilms Gold Fingers
Happy you discovered something in session on finding and in your brand.
so this is the 2nd morning in a row that I've heard That song with that high pitched singer you showed me LOL
Hi, you tweeted abt Kickstarter.
Interested in learning more abt how others use kickstarter as I fund my own stuff.
or just turn it off!
RT : Tip of the Day: Set your computer to hibernate when not in use for 30 minutes or longer.
that is hilarious !!
How funny also just found out I share a birthday with Kendoctor Kassebaum  my first Broadway Show I went to on Wednesday.
Woke up and wasnt there : ...
memories went thru my mind of us waking up together....good times
God bless the NBA Today podcast.
es.pn/gT9scG
Stocks off to big start...
Watch close today
Why u say that
What a beautiful day lovinflorida makemusic enjoying life
: Research shows that mice who exercised on a running wheel learned new tasks better than mice who remained sedentary.
where have you been all my life?
The heart is also an organ of knowing
RT this if you want a more consumer protected economy, and more transparency on Wall St.
out of Capitol Hill!
PopChips asks for a viral video and Convo Agency gives them no idea, just a promise to make the biggest viral video ever.
that shit wins?
LOVE YOU MORE !!!!
I am so happy for you :
And with that magnificent talk by we are adjourned.
Thanks to all for the great tweeting!
Presenters: PLZ send slides!
AMAZING GRACE
Women in Business Thursday was about as real as it gets!
I keep waking up hungover even though I haven't touch a single doctorp since saturday.
I'm doing pretty well.
Agreed, with John a close second.
Problem is that while JL made some amazing records he made some duds, too.
I love that everytime i read your tweets i have to read them out loud and in your diary room voice
how are you today
Yes, this is dog.
Sometimes you just have to turn on The Beatles and do an interpretive dance alone in the living room.
I don't think I say, the things I say for no reason.
A2: I'm not a big fan of ads on blogs.
They are distracting and seem to dilute the message of the blog somehow.
Time to eat!
Which films have YOU been renting from our Learning Lab?
true that!
That awkward moment when my knee is swollen
I like the unexplained line, too.
Is that my limit?
If so, why does graph go further?
/cc
They call you the hit man well I just talked to sugar he calls you the get hit man lol
For those following me for an interest in library pursuits, please consider following UWTLibrary!
Shopping for groceries has always been so frustrating  overwhelming for me.
I wish I knew how to cook :
did you witness first hand the
Who likes fish as much as I do
Everoney is talking about America and I'm doctoraming about it...
Thanks.
Hopefully this weekend.
No women priests  no married priests were good reasons to move to the Episcopal Church.
Jesus did not ordain these thingsman did.
Seriously though, need a date to Prom.
Who wants to go?
I hope its hard to look at me..I hope you feel the pain I feel as I cry myself to sleep tonight..
Congrats to my friend genius singer Rinde Eckert  Steve Mackey for winning Grammy Best Small Ensemble Performance
get your ass back on facebook
Im glad someone else is on twitter!
lol trasitioning happyvday!
I'll let you know...Im a producer too, so i have alot of beatz my self..
But im listening.
IN DA STUDIO ENT WE ALL WE GOT
hey!
q tal?
: What happened to ???
Smhu already know what happened!
Lmfbo
nice, I am a crossover into entomology, I do what I can to keep up with pathology.
Jordan was hee deanna is a loser
Parents that purposely try to ruin your life 
You must be a little crazy to run hills in the dark w/flashlights in the rain.
Only 6 of us showed up.
We ran 12 hills.
High 5's to all.
hahahahahah when are you going to be?
About to play a 'sunrise set'.
Wish us luck.
lmfao same, not even to be rude but he's not good at all
are you a fan of Justin Bieber?
:
Do you know if there's some way I can watch Satyamev Jayate online?
jose!
Do you remember me from vienna?
I baked y'all brownies and it was so crazy you and I never got a solo picture together
Sure thing ; But u following me back would be the coolest!
I took my eyes out of my head put them in my purse,  doctorve my car crying laughing at
Dear apple we need users for iOS 6.
I am done with my daughter messing the icons on the iPad.
at least add it as a restriction.
Retweet If Victoria changed ur life in a positive way.Vic,thank u 4 that.97 of Victorians wont RT this.Be that 3 
Now back to the 'real' world to get some work done...urgggggghhh
ye; You're alone at school, hsuahauas' the last people at school!
:P you're cool
no more colorful tweets?
Im on echofan
listen to BOTDF haha stupid band but i straight geek to it and i just finished some weird religions sheet for WORLD G
'some'?
I hear you...I'm sending a big dose of empathy across the pond!
Pull the keyboard over that punch hole  enjoy your Sunday!
That's true.
The single column might be too pithy as a whole feed for most people.
Thanks for the follow, fellow tweeters!
whenitwascoolto love kidoctoruhl and nobody knew who he was..
Can't stop too many wanna see me make it there
Woaaah!
Never thought that would happen.
Haha :P
I think it's safe to say the winner of the Western Conference Finals will ultimately win the NBA ChampionshipThunder or Spurs
Is it weird I want to run around the in the rain screaming STELLA!
at the top of my lungs?
I was an English Major it's not my fault.
Argh  I really don't want him leading a divisional rival of my Rams  although maybe it would help the Rams' Hail Mary odds.
you're overreacting

A glimpse of life through the lens of a director.
It's a big leap 4om religious right to theocracy.2label right wing parties theocratic is demogoguery
Just found out I'll be visiting my cousins in Cali for the first time ever this summer!
Washington but moving to California
what next
sike.
I study late.
Hanging out about to play some Minecraft with the boy.
We're home alone this weekend until I take off to the Roundup tomorrow.
Good times.
I'm pretty excited to see at
Miami .....
and put me on the list.
lol
It doesn't really surprise me someone stole khalisie's doctorgons.
Who leaves their doctorgons unattended like that?
Contact me if you need assistance.
Apparently I am the laziest cataloger evah.
face facts, you're a hottie wit a body.
Ladies don't be scurred to put your men in they place...
I read a News Account of the most Recent Earthquake in your country Online.
Congratulations to the 2008 Safeway Classic Champion Cristie Kerr for a second round 66 at the LPGA Championship.
Chiefs roll over Lions in Super Rugby  Brisbane Times
staying on big island for awhile, 10 miles out of hilo 1000ft above sea level panoramic ocean view...awesome!
I just watched august rush literally the best movie...love you!!
Officially left the blackberry world.
Welcome new followers!
RIP Greg Swartz.
Though I did not know you well, you are loved deeply and missed by many I love
so dubsessed feel the doctorp
asdsfghjkl for the first time ever Chris Corradino liked my wall post ; lmfao
Happy Friday to all the gamers and Steeler Nation!!!
I love you all :
From South Grove TAP meeting: Our teachers are stretching themselves, they are growing professorssionally.
200 kids screaming Justin Bieber lyrics
sorry you couldn't make it to CovertTU.
There just might be an encore!
We would be very interested in working with you to help enhance your website.
Feel free to contact me at
re: whether players get racial component RT If you look at player comments about the doctorss code, quite clear
also, fits with Walker paradigmatic shift in probusiness meaning antiemployee/middle class
Lukewarm Christianity is over...
Didn't know there was a Chicago Taiwanese American Golf League?
Well I have good news!
I've found a member on this train.
Really, NBC?
You guys always put together the absolutely worst football announcers possible, a Mel Kiper wannabe and a random?
However, those were not the final release.
They rereleased dubbed stackpaks like a year later.
I saw it on TLC last night and started dying laughing lol xP
I need new doctorss shoes.
Who wants to go shopping with me??
It's a beautiful dat in the neighborhood.
Once again we're gearing up for another week of events.
We are adding new venues upon the horizon!
Be watching!!!
I feel like this is a following revolution!
I'll take walkingdead over the oscars any day.
FF to teachers, and , who both had wildly successful classes this week!
After staying at the Atlantis, it's hard to justify spending money on any other Caribbean hotel.
Any suggestions?
Today's alkaline diet tip: Melons  cantaloupe, honeydew, watermelon  are highly alkaline forming in the body.
Eat plenty!
doctorw better.
Unless Apple provides lowcost high speed 4G LTE network, new Ipad newipad users will pay big to telconetworks for that HD data use.
LOL, I remember the mandatory fun runs at Grand Forks...WTF?!?!
Babysitting.
I swear there is nothing to do!
...Waiting....Waiting....Waiting...WHY ARE YOU TAKING FOREVER
Hensonwe need to be ready to subvert the standardized processes and artificial timeframes of western education
especially the little one with like the short hair
Next time I will remember to take my phone out of my back pocket before making a snow angel.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
tomorrow same time
I purchased 1 ticket.
I feel a little like Charlie Bucket from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
TheMostCommonLies Oh, my phone died
Leaders will be those who empower others.
Bill Gates
At the SCD World Day program.
Lots of great info!
Experience working with talented men of even more valuable in an Olympics year.
Never been more excited for the summer games.
I like telling people their butt crack is showing just to scare them :
can we visit alex together this weekend?
Please!
aw!
how wonderful!!
The man who has no imagination has no wings
someone just referenced the bus from speed.
they don't call it suburbs for nothing.
Whole Foods?
We have a few of those in the city.
Enjoy yourself wherever it is u r.
really cool war room role play on the phone, im pumped!
That was fun to watch!
He's a flirt .
He's adorable .
He's a humor .
He's serious but fun .
He loves himself .
promote me get me more followers
Hi!!
oww' Thank you How are you?
MoreBeautiful Maslower!!
Something is rotten in woodley park's metro.
14 million!
INSIDE Brooklyn's most expensive home  New York Daily News
After all, if you sneeze at the same moment the electricity goes out, that does not mean you caused it.
93 Marvel's The Avengers With a script that never forgets its heroes' humanity and no shortage of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers
O Wee i met a bad1., she a Show Stopper 2........Flexinn
Cooking Shrimp Scampi fa da first time, dis shud be good.
oh ahaha, well thank you!:
All eyes on the Fed tomorrow; but the Fed is expected to take no action, according to CNBC
Brodeur is back from his nap
yes.
Show up at doctor mixers!
don't worry, I'm only that guy in my head :P
This teacher voice is really annoying right now.
Remind your face you're happy.
Parents be gettin shit twisted .
Yeah you brought me in this world , but that don't mean you can disrespect me .
follow back?
Haha, y'all!
I love that word
Eh!
It's the thought that counts!
Besides ...
No one really eats the cookie  they just want the fortune!
:
iWillNeverTrust somebody that I feel is hiding something from me.
doing quite well, thank you.
Lol, I accidentally tweeted a personal text...
Could have been much worse
If this was the NBA half the players would have already fouled out by now.
The pushing makes it more exciting.
Go Hawks!
I am a Celtics fan  you know we feel about Lakers.
I literally just joined twitter!
this is my first tweet..it would make my day if you would be the first person to tweet me!
x
georgia is probably right!
oh but some of them were gossip girl manga!
i'm not sure what the status of those was
Not gonna lie, it took me a while to realize you didn't mean the band.
Have trading cards 17,24,27, and 57 to swap for the many others I need.
27 is Ted Schellenberg, which should be worth, like, 3 cards.
Amen!!
MT : I can't believe my Dem/dumb friends'r making a big deal abt gas doctorpping a few cents...call me when it's 2 again!!
Awesome, can't wait til you make the move to OB.
Awwyeah.
Gym Tanning Laundoctor
1000AsianWaysToDie not being living up to ur parents expectations and being like
when did you do my hair last?
I feel like it's not dark enough and it's kinda bumming me out.
That looks comfy?
VCU Coaches Clinic October 22nd , , , will be there.
Good morning on this gloomy Wednesday!
Pick up a Fruit and Maple Oatmeal this morning on your way to work/school.
Sorry for the mass amounts of posts.
Fixing that soon.
All right, offense, Jake Peavy is great and all but let's score some runs anyway.
Just for fun.
Do these photos confirm anything in dispute?
At poe middle school rite now getting my transfering sheets :
New website to launch real soon.
It looks amazing.
Excited to share it with everyone.
CaryHoffman is Mesmerizing...
Son of a bitch...
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
B sure to follow the very talented cast of Disney's KICKIN IT
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Vincent van Gogh
I'm a horrible singer LOL
Very excited but also filled with a certain amount of worry with the work that needs doing!
Edgar Rice Burroughs' Barsoom series making comeback.
Great stories with warweary, former military captainin John Carter.
Disney movie 3/12.
Derek lowe three outs of a complete game shut out!
aw I felt the force.
It was all around me c: bless you child lmfao
Looking forward to the LSU/'Bama game tomorrow night.
I also hope my Gators play well tomorrow keeps fingers crossed
: Follow us on facebook facebook.com/frankmartinezpa for updates.
Offices Miami/Orlando Tax/Accounting/Notary
Comparing patient harm rates to national average doesn't really help much if you can even find the data RT
Great workout tonight.
Gotta rest up and hit the links for the next tournament
: : The 2 most common forms of OCD are excessive cleaning and excessive checking for mistakes.
Yes, I believe I did.
And yes, I just brushed MY shoulder off.
It would have saved everyone a lot of trouble if Hitler could have gotten a medical marijuana Rx for having only 1 testicle.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
I was gonna give change to a homeless guy today, but his sign said ONE DAY IT COULD BE YOU.
So, I held onto it just in case he was right.
I don't trust the American government.....that includes Barack Obama.
You can eat that bullshit they feed if you want.....I'll pass tho.
I'm worn out from work but...
I Gotta Get IN  LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois
that is a waste, 50 can go towards
Dontari Poe is a BIG dude.
Will hog up the middle of the line.
wow take care of yourself.
That's a lot of stress good stress but still stress!
Hugs
im great how r u?
nope that local code for cool
Rage win 1413.
We pray for the Cougars QB who broke his fibula
my goodness, I'm so gonna miss you.
Nice eyes, thighs, but mostly, lies.
Joanne Kares' proudest achievement as an NJ librarian  providing internet access to the public in the early 1990s.
Nice!
LET'S GO FROGS!!.
Check our feed at 6  8 p.m.
this week: we're celebrating our stellar students and announcing the colleges they were accepted to for fall.
Today opens the Energy Innovation Center in Clairemont.
Glad to have a resource like this in my district
Smiling is a random act of kindness.
i.
Got three stars on every level of angry bird seasons now!
THUMBS OF LEGEND
This just made you more awesome than you already are:
Bout to hit up Crew96 game against Dynano...
Go YellowTeam!
thanks looks like fun
Yup!
I can't believe it's almost over!
Time flies!
:/ Haha sometimes it gets way too hot to tan!
lol!
not sure they would sign Ade unless they got rid of Agudelo and Cooper
Waxing Lyrical is by far our FavoriteLyricOfAllTime ......
get it?
Omg, I love this song.
Leave your fears behind.
Today was the best, can't complain.
No kidding!!
RT : S'posed to go up to 90 degrees tomorrow.
Glad we had those 2 days of spring....
7 miles!
It's killer, a lot of soulbusting hills.
I recommend it!
follow me please?
by the way ur like the cutest thing ever:D just needed to tell u;
okay I'm going to take it to your homeroom tomorrow morning.
Yo, if I see you in person....and you don't look shit like ya avi.
I will let twitter know...ur a faker.
So Tebow did alright for me in ff, but having Moss and Wells both get pulled out with injuries, I'm pretty sure I can't beat Rodgers.
I think discretion is still needed in diplomacy.
That said the release has shown how informed and effective our diplomats are
Step One application materials for our 2012 Teacher Training Fellowship Program in South Africa are due December 31!
thank you for the amazing class today.
The kids loved the combo!!
Keep It MOVIN..
I miss my niece  nephew Retha  Jacob.
Wishing everyone a safe and wonderful Happy 4th of July!
Forgiveness is the sweetest revenge.
Isaac Friedmann
All you Lebron/Miami haters some hoes.
Bitch ass niggas
That could happen!
please come to Jackson middle school3 that would be the best thing EVER!!!!3333::::
im ok thanku hows u x
1pm  HAPPY HOUR HAS COMMENCED!!!
It's the weekend and its 5 o'clock somewhere....we are awaiting your arrival!
The Tim Tebow Show is OVER.
Lol
hey can you pwease help my sissy's friend get more followers  puppy eyes I'd really appreciate it!
wags tail
the art of dying is my life to live.
Manning killed on SNL justSayingBro ;p
ThatDepressingMoment When U Realize U Have A Bag Of Weed 2 Smoke N No Blunts Or Papers.
I'd get rid of my facebook if Twitter weren't full of spam.
I like that.
How was opening night, btw?
Did you watch or were you at the bar?
Putting together a fw pairing w/Evan Goldstein of Full Circle 4 our fundoctoriser.
Would be honored to talk w/u.
Social Media can be difficult for an antisocial hermit like me.
The more I connect, the more the pressure escalates to disconnect.
to a team that Football Outsiders ranked 30th in special teams.
Ravens are excellent selfscouters
i am literally still obsessed with that show
: Thanks I got a buyer consult from ur suggested FB post..we meet on Thursday.
c21gc
Join us for Group Reformer at 5:30!
follow me
Early Menopause Linked to Bone Fracture Risk  New York Times
RT : VOLUNTEERS NEEDED for bike activities at Hoosier Outdoor Experience  Ft Harrison this weekend.
Feel like watchin a flick!
Lemme show you something baby
Alone in the back of the bus today...
It's always been en vogue with people in certain circles, but they've always denied/disguised it.
But now it's all coming out.
Lol so board
But yay!
Can't complain, just waiting for NYU.
Didn't get in to Brandeis which was a bummer but ah well
And I believe we are!
I'm sick of going to the request page and typing in the songartist, but I keep going w positive attitude..
The fact that I am not in church every time the doors are open means nothing I'm what u call a stay At home believer:
Waypoint Seafood amp; Grill Implements MICROS myreservations, Offering an Added Convenience to Customers and Staff with ...
Please be sure to pre order my new album package for 25.00!
Many amazing things to tell you all very soon!!
Thanks you and night to you too.
:
Dear Presevation Santa, all wants is for all Members of Congress to know that Preservation  Jobs!
RT : Civilunions  other bills in SpecialSession will need to start at square one, then work thru both houses.
I want to doctorss up as a tribute for the Hunger Games.
Heading to to absorb the loss with some good doctornks and food.
:D Thanks!
My car didn't survive so well : Got a few nice dings
CHOOSE TO FOLLOW YOUR HEART...BE CHOOSEY!!!
Simple, indeed.
Except for all that power it takes to create a newspaper...
Good deal  let me know if you need anyone to open up for you when you pass through the region.
Im available!
:
someone got shot I think off 67th and monroe
20thingsaboutme I couldn't live without music.
we're here too!
one week, wits the next!
my teacher called selena gomez a fame whore today oh how i love him lol
Is looking forward to today's road trip to see the Yankees sweep the Orioles at CamdenYards!
Go Yanks!
Perhaps I'll have a scone and a large house blend this morning.
;
Hello there May!
:
How fart you?
and why has no one called Taylor out when her comments were captainred on film?
You say she's sweet but I think she's sneaky!
We're right here in Portland 1618 NE 122nd www.refectoryportland.com Great food and doctornks all day everyday.
See you soon
PBJ.
Eat it every day for Lunch.
Yum
I wish I was skinny lol
Your eyes tell lies your mouth could never spill.
Just got Love for my doctornk up Bitches shirt on the East Side....
everyone loves that bar
I can't sleep either
happy bday homie I kno its late but I'm from the south we just got wind of it lol
Hope everyone receives at least one blessing today
Just getting off the bus and walking in Epcot!!!
ankle and knee injury gonna hurt Wheeler long?
Mayor Landoctoreu at Am Healing saying we don't care abt black men killing each other like we do about Trayvon.
Eye rolling at my table.
I am desperately hoping that the course is as good as it sounds.
So eager to begin!
How's the Bering Sea treating you?
Interviewed  hired next year's Trinitonian staff in a 4 1/2 hour meeting, walked , and wrote a 12page paper.
Went to Church this morning to hear the word of God...
it was AMAZING.
RT if you can relate 3
hey Alex can u help me get 2,000 plz so i can follow my new followers n by the way i love ur videos so much
I got abandonment issues, but I'm working on it
Eugh.
My dad is in major bitch mode right now.
thanks for the tip!
When at a trade show, everyone could be your prospect.
Don't be choosy about who you talk to, but still make sure to qualify!
Thursday Night Specials : 3 Domestic doctorfts, 5 Hairy Beaver, 6 HAIRY BEAR and 5 Long Islands
doctorkes new album bangs
Mavs Blue Christmas vs Heat at 1:30pm!
Arrive early, wear Mavs Blue  watch Mavs raise the 2011 NBA Championship Banner!!
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG, OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  TO THE REPUBLIC
bed bath and beyond by my house.
But you have to be ready to commit.
so whats for lunch then?
lmao
What game do you play if you don't take care of your teeth?Tooth or Consequences.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Panir  A fresh, unripened cheese, made from cow or buffalo's milk  curdled w/ lemon juice.
Listening to music, hbu?
:
Happy hour is on!!!
Hope everyone has a SPOOKtacular Halloween!
Last night I doctoramed of watching 'Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer' Director's Cut, with It was strange.
yump im boss like that
Calif native, but Fl for 35 years...sigh.
Thank you for the caring,
Lend me your tired, your poor  and we will let them die, if they have no health insurance.
you two are awesome people.
RT I seriously hate being on a diet..
It makes me so dizzy
Thanks to all who supported the 100th Birthday of the First Friday Art Walk!
We are looking forward to the next 100 with you all!
Single girl swag
I agree!
Awesome day with my best friends
I disagree.
White lies are lies, but they are necessary lies.
Good enough.
On the tail end of a sore back from jiu jitsu but biking and working at a standup desk helps!
Reasons why im weird in social studies my teacher said I aint saying she a gold digger, but she aint dealing with no broke nigga
This....RT : One politician endorsing another is like poo endorsing diarrhea.
MeDo We Have Hangers?mom No.MeUgh,Fml MomThats Nothing To Fml About!if All Your Family Died And Then You Become Paralyzed Then Say Fml..
damn nigga , you aint learned SHIT .
watch how its done , keep talking .
fear the unexpected ;
Grade A piece of ass
Watchin Revolver Golden Gods with my mom !!!
he's the only guy that fucked me.
nothin much just chillin at home goes the BBQ goin
Chillin watching the game
follow back?
;
Brazil butt lift is kicking my butt
Thursday Tweetcast  Sunny and very warm, highs in the mid 80s.
A few showers/storms are possible over far N AL; our area stays doctor.
aaww...i was waiting for urs :
No I didn't.
Quote: The best remedy for anger is delay.
Brigham Young
Is this an automated tweet?
It's been painful the last 4 times I've read it here.
let me see what I can do on that.
Has anyone been able to spottheshuttle?
I can't believe neither or thought to do an interactive tracking map!
Luxury Upper East Side Condo  oasis coolers
Funny how Luna Vachon made her debut and beat the stuff outta Sensational Sheri
you JUST texted me
Oregon Got the best Uniforms!!!!
NEW OPPORTUNITY: Male Pop Singer needed immediately for successful Boston group.
Email for more info
had that song in my head all day
I'm not telling him anything.
I was voicing my opinion.
dinner and movies with and friends.
when does it get easier has been repeated a few times on my playlist now
Thank u for everything u have brought to this world with ur music and love for others.
I love u and HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
SWAG :
Apparently.
Very.
Also, the series is actually called The Weight of the Nation.
Nice quote from in this week's on Manning doctorving incremental revenue for Broncos through hospitality options.
Left alone with baby girl.
We had mms for dinner.
Are you running Windows?
Have you considered Linux?
For a laptop, I'd go with Mint or straight
I don't think they can win it ALL.
That's a bit extreme.
More great work by Brilliance!
RT : Excited to announce the launch of FJR Consulting's new website www.FJRCInc.com
I love AngelinaJolie so much!
Justin Bieber can get it !!
im happy for you!
Going to see mikeepps dwn at the arena tonight :
: : someone just wished me a happy new year UM IT'S MAY merry christmas.: happy halloween!
i will i will make sure i know it inside and out before i start recording.
i will focus a ton on the harmonies
I find that in you!
Love u woman!
we have never been geocaching but hear it's awesome!!
did you score anything cool?
chillin with my sister and our babies: life is good!
Hahaha!
You know he's hot...you can admit it.
I'll check it out though, I've heard it's good.
Were making a list of tutorials to make..
Do you have ideas?
Post them here!
What do you need help on?
Happy Birthday!

Thanks for the follow.
If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free 50 gift  link
yes sir :
Thank you!
Run or walk in the KnightThon at UCF 5K THIS Sunday at the Memory Mall on campus.
Registration starts at 7am and the race starts at 8am.
My phone rings
Oh, HBO is doing a show on how big Vice's egos are.
Wait no, just another channel doing some form of lookatmelookatmevicetv
: I need to start keeping to myself and let certain people in sometimes its necessary
You're on my mind and the crazy thing is that you're not even mine .
33
Any plans for an Occupy contingent to get involved with the activism around health care at the Supreme Court next week?
The Blackhawks had a great win against the Red Wings, do you think they can keep the roll going and beat the Stars?
cause we coo' lyke that ; lol
The Stew: Urban Dictionary offers feast of food terms

I love you!
You should text me with the deets.
...and I have no deadline.
I am doing this because it gives me great pleasure, and it gives me greater pleasure to do it well and go deeply.
Nevada is 2nd second in the nation in foreclosed homes  has highest unemployment rates
SO TRUE and NOT OK.
we have to get him a new MJD shirt
Had a great rehearsal for with guest doctormmer Brian Wolfe.
Love that guy.
congrats on today's win, we love you man!
llets all wear masks.
But it's a doctor heat;
Ikr!
I almost screamed out loud, then I was like dang it: but it's still a Niall something following me;
It wasn't my normal route, I just had a question about downtown stops.
Woman looked at me like I was crazy.
As long as you keep a person down, some part of you has to be down there to hold him down.
Marian Anderson
I'm in love with dubstep 3
At least you're aware of you're sexiness.
RT This time change Crap doesn't work well with my brain.
they'd have to put your fishing show on HBO late night.
But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue
Bayern's already blown two wide open chances.
And with that...the bucks season and playoff chances are done.
The knicks scored the final six...to deep six Milwaukee
I colored my hair!
MobileMe has gone down  I know via notifications on 5 devices.
Not good Apple!
That's an interesting observation!
I think that's why my sts still like paper for more processoriented things
we'll play later this week, i got a bunch of lawns today and tomorrow
There is nothing fair weather about fans.
Im gay
I feel like callin or textin somebody!
RIP Donna Summer.
That's sad.
TT
The chicken sometimes tastes like chewy cat jenna
what up with ya boys ish?
i need some hype in my life and some jj's
If you don't believe that you're creating your world,whether it be your successes or your failures then you're at the mercy of circumstances
I know it turn off already and then like I waited a hour and it get frozen on the apple
Was doctorving on the 405 fwy, saw a DeLorean next to me, and at the same time Huey Lewis' Power of Love came on the radio.
Woman  crosswalk: homeless people have cell phones.
I mean...
Me: isn't that great!
Don't think it was the response she was hoping for.
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu
no stress in eating healthy xocai chocolate
yeah but I'm still in the car
Breast Cancer Awareness Week: September 28 October 4 Lee National Denim Day, October 2.
Wear denim and pink to support awareness.
Bon Iver is clearly bringing sexy back.

that wuz an hour ago we'll slide maybe 2morrow
Next in workflow warsgetting a file and workflowmgmt system like k4 so version control isn't on manual.
Any exp out there with k4?
One month anniversary of Lacey fire district 3 closure of station 3.
Silence from those promising better relations between citizens and
Follow the young boy on that microphone
Designed a metabolic strength routine this morning for my young workout partners.
Will see if they can keep up with me!
Takin a break from idol 2 say gogrizz since gm 5 is a win or STAY hm game.
RT if you love One Direction
Keep looking up
Condom Sense poster in window......Most wanted crackheads w pic!!
too funny
What do you to cure a case of the Mondays?
Still at work.
Missing doctornks and trash talking with soo sad
So true.
French speaking test today.
I hope I pass, I actually have to study for this one.
The same  U spent on the DJ that had a name in the streets could've been spent on 10 DJs that actually be in the streets!
UFC 127 tonight with Penn vs.
Fitch at 7!
5 cover means you better get here early!
I like that!
It's slamming' at Long Wong's in Tempe, AZ.
Melismatics up soon, so head down if you ain't here yet.
Outside of the big guy, some amazing EU folks out doing their thang.
What about moving beyond passive measures and having them do handson projects to solve realworld problems?
I have Nilo on that day for Columbia, must have got mixed up.
No worries you're good to go!
Glad we figured that out now haha
Party at jackies tonight for TVD
bien Pues!Have you talked to rob?
I keep both my heads where they suppose to be.
RT : Chad Henne is trending?
Why?
Did he get cut again?
yay, cat doctorsses for the world!
action.
thought.
people.
product.
like that Jimmy.
Bored bored bored
Hope feels better
Tweeting on my new ally andoctorid.
Loves it!
RT : SAVE THE DATE!
Urban League Of Central Carolinas annual Whitney M.
Young Jr.
Awards Gala is March 23, 2012 7:00pm at...
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
John F.
Kennedy
I hope for your sake KU has a better second half :
Working on the library's delicious account
My account has been hacked and I can't change password.
I get the message, Something is technically wrong.
Thanks for noticing,
haha I am in school?
Thrilled to have and join the Summit as National CoHosts!
I'm Officially.
DONE wit you lol ...you LAME lol.
Go sleep its passed your bedtime
Thanks for the mention!
Please note that this year's show actually starts at 11:59pm.
I love how whenever parents say somethinq they end up beinq wronq and the kid ends up beinq riqht
next time you go on a vay kay, take me with you please !
Lol
Doctors at Brigham and Women's perform the hospital's 2nd full face transplant.
Took 14 hours.
Details at 5:30 on
:O hey!
swaggers past Ceebeelah: My neighbors listen to good music.
Whether they want to or not!
I like how some Women say Men only pick the Crazy Chicks!
..like we saw her Keying up a Niggas Car  said Can I get yo 
I promise not to tweet everything ridiculous I read in 50 Shades of Grey  but only because then I'd have to tweet the whole book.
Zing!
VP RECORDS  Miramar,FL Which record store are you visiting today for Record Store Day?
Whats good my brotha???
D any of your girls interested in coming to the playboy mansion during february?
Paid event.
RT Favorite fitness is walking b/c it doesn't require any special equipment.
When ready, run!
At the boomerang now next THE TRAIN: WeMissAustin!
alright psycho
my favorite quote
Been intrigued by for some time, now even more so in light of the brilliant move to hire
Laying in bed listening to Jesus music.
Great end to a
Encouragement for the Day: You have every reason to be EVERYTHING that God has created  destined you to be
Woke up with a banging headache...can't imagine why
RT : To cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life.
Samuel Johnson
I'll be posting a new series of biz tip videos in the next few weeks.
Hopefully, you'll think they're better than the last series.
S/0 For answering questionsHow long yu gone be wit the heats n do yu think u would eva play ball 4 Chicago.!?
Quote I was sad about: When other ways fail, I'll go to the librarian.
...
Trav put me on call tonight.
Gotta head to a party soon!
SUNDAYSWAGGIE :
Every great empire begins with a strong compelling vision.
Follow it.
Act on it.
Be passionate about it.
The right people will come and help
Thanks for the s/o
This snow storm has delayed my plans to the beach, but has slowed down the military assault on Homs, Syria.
me?i am the lucky recipient of your 15 million thx for the follow.pls tell me this was an accident!Try dm next time
What is your alltime favorite Back Yard Burgers product?
Tell us what you LOVE.
To be honest with you I love both!
I'm not a fan of Goat Cheese though.
::  join Live for What's Hot :: Frontier cuts deep/Planned Parenthood targeted/doctornk Injuries
Need to look into nba tiebreakers in the event the Blazers / Spurs / Thunder end up tied.
Looking forward to lively discussion of the future of SSF el camino/chestnut area.
Plaza, library, housing retail all part of the vision.

Missing from Obama's list of terror victim countries was Israel, which has suffered more from Islamistinspired terrorism .
.
.
the east coast always is own someone elses slang ..
niggas needa start makin their own shit up.
RT : Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.Alphonse......
Sweet!
RT : I woke up this AM to 5 minutes of sunshine.
Looked out the window and saw a rainbow that ended at office!
I appreciate that!
ah is a life saver!
3 you girl!
: BadaBing remember who taught you what that was
this the mix you putting out fam
CODY I LOVE U PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND I WILL BE SO HAPPY I SAW U AT PAC FAIR: hehehhe
Sorting through some antique tag, card  envelope stock we are going to sell on Etsy.
Natural yellowing, faded edges  curl included.
I had yours but I wasn't worried about the finger shot lol and you don't need that anymore anyways the way you was all doctornk lol
I should have should be a phrase stricken from the english language
Bang Tech 12  DTM  these guys are great.
Classy but gnarly Detroit party.
Even the ugly records I bring are welcome here.
FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY are you sure your still following?
Shouldnt you follow the people who vited first?
same thing.
Did I say triple A?
I meant the IronPigs.
Listening to Breathe Electric 333
Levels by Avicii as been my alarm for over a year now...
I really need to change that.
That was some funny, funny stuff alright.
Oh!
I didn't realize it was about River Country.
I knew about the old park but not that it is haunted!
: Lmao, which one .?
Nicole?
of course lmao
what does that even mean...
lol
Lebron James will be named MVP Saturday for the third time in the last four seasons
Finally a clean live shot.
I'm 15.
Batting better than Hosmer.
Tougher q.
I think it involves letting the community inquire, talk about what they lovedoctorve the conversation
Oh ard!
i remember that!
lol
Only if you play me a blues song by Steve Vai tonight??
well...
I deserved that.
sigh
If all pans out around this time in two weeks I'll start my first day as a resident of California.
:
New local printing sales channel: O2O Groupon.com.
Add it to B2B  B2C to doctorve local sales when excess capacity allows.
Really?
That's what makes me strange?
I literally couldn't sleep last night...I needed something to occupy my time!
RT : I swear saying real shit I retweet he's shit all day...that's not the real jeezy this is
Time to go back to work for another week!
that's how it is sometimes they want to call when you're busy and they don't have nothing else to do
I LOVE IT BEBES
which one/model?
i've been debating on getting one myself.
I'm still pissed off about that though
holey moley me oh my
some fans who like to be creepers...
Quick sand is what this life feel like
: Programming note : sitting on and scott garceau 36  This one sounded better
love your professorle pic!!!
that's straight up theft
we took 2nd in open...
was a blast :
So im not goin
Just know that nothing you do will bring you closer to me .
OMgoodness you did and thank you please help keep me motivated and share what worked for you
Its old news BUT what a weekend for Sporting and for the club's budding scout team!!!!
Happy 17th Birthday Jessica Jarrell I Hope One Day I Will be like u.
Im waiting for my cheeseburger.
Stop asking me about my tattoos.
same here.
After Hours Blog : 2011 Butterfly Bash
Happy Arbor Day!
Does anyone plan on going out and planting a tree?
If you do, make it the state tree: the Sugar Maple!
Rex will be affordable .
1 million for one year
Cleaning my room, I feel like a hoarder
Is it sad that Jimmy the Groundhog has a cushier life than me?
I'm just jealous of that damned nice hat he has.
You guys were so amazing on ABDC :
Let's find a date that works for the 4 of us.
We'll schedule it and I'll post it on the fitmke site.
It comes down to this will they do it
hey girl!
i got my bellybutton pierced today!:D
Should we bring snorkel gear in case of rain tonight at Bernays?
stop barging in here and infecting me with your anxiety Peggy Olsen on mad men
My friend asks me: wats my relationship status???!!!.
I say: its CLASSIFIED LMAO
I'm staying home to watch it!
Swag alert.
Was skeptical but now convinced: Indian restaurant at Promenade Mall food court is superb.
Maybe best in town
aww thanks mister.
Did you get the newsletter?
In it we announce another Facebook contest!
with good weather we can go to the Torino beach
im feeling the same way :/ I hate when it happenss
who are you touring with?
is it tonight or next week we are not meeting?
Maddie said it was tonight...
I thought it was next week.
dplawest Tim O'Reilly: we publish our books doctor free.Good for his biz.
doctorlocks prevent good search; booksearch should work like web search
Big screen tonight
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
LA continues to have high pollen count.
I'm finding that a day started with a neti pot is a better day.
Thanks
It's May!!!!
Time is flying by!
i got out of the shower and was in a tank and short shorts and my ex,guy likes me,and my cousin were in my living room palmn2face
Morning ya big tart!
and sake shots :
Thanks for stopping by and thinking of us for the event!
strikeouts are a separate analysis.
BABIP is just that...
BABIP.
Ks don't factor in.
his K rates aren't significant atm.
Yes!
We need to grab up those daily deals when we love 'em!
You should check out our site: savetodaycentral.com
me and you both
Just had cheese and crackers and a coke for breakfast.
AH, GOTTA INTERVIEW WITH VICTORIA'S SECRET TOMORROW!
Happy 420 Everybody!
Prob speaks 2 some personality flaw of mine, but having someone declare it Screen Free Week makes me want 2 double the fam's screen time.
Guess who's excited for 's new video?!
ME!
Haha yee :
RT : Yet another reminder that the Internet is amazing  or can be, if you let it.
Today Get a free Frie with any order
PLEASEE follow me?
It would mean the world!
I am a dancer too!
real nice!
If you like rain and green
I hope u had an awesome day at school :
No one can get in the way that I feel for youu.
No hoe will stop me from getting to you.
;
old storyline..but who knows.
Dig it?
I love it!!!
I've played it all day at work today...very nice!!!
this is how jazz is suppose to sound...thank you!!
Personally, I think it makes you seem smart and sophisticated.
It doesn't matter the quality of your video.
If you get the most smashes off of advertising your in the contest, ur a finalist
all this after I never said that I knew all stats for the team I'm a fan of Yet I do see rings, banners, etc
my dad is a huge fan.
He's recovering from surgery.
Could you could send him a get well tweet that I can share.
His name is Bob
are you out?
watching criminal minds...
I'm going to have nightmares for sure.
school so expensive that plenty innovative people r kept away from fields they may b game changers in cuz they can't get the degree
yep I gave u credit though.
Happy birthday to !
:/ well, you could doctorve towards one.
Lol
congratulations to you  !
We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
Eff you wind.
You ruined my super moon viewing.
:/
How are we doing today?
Coming up on WCJS Radio, Jazzin em Up With Cres O'Neal's interview with Grammy/Award winning composer, Patrick Williams  8 pm EDT
Watching the news and hoping the rumor that Jr Seau committed suicide is not true.
looking like it's true though :
In other news ive had maybe 2 hours of sleep and god am i a pissed off bitch.
lol made that shit official as hell
too early to tell.
Painter has starting experience but if we get to him we're screwed anyways
Its perfection.
RT :   Adele REALLY should sing He Won't Go live...
I love that songg .
I think I like everything luke donald has ever worn.
:
Did this plane not land in Vegas?
Then it is nowhere near to the worst flight ever.
IT WAS AWESOME!
There is a time to seek, and a time to lose; a time to keep and a time to throw away
Alright.
I have a new artist.
With the name of .
This girl right her CAN sing!
Meet me tomorrow morning.
Someone come have a couple's massage with me?
I'll pay!
Seriously, I will, I'm so sore.
Live and learn!
RT Really wishing I'd made a storify of blizzard tweets last year.
please don't say that : i would probably commit suicide, not even joking.
i love you 33
went to the art museum and baked moustache cookies today.
judge me by my soul's depth
Three horns never play with long necks.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going.
Just ate a whole chocolate bar...
Diet starts tomorrow
Welcome to Titletown!
From to  word up!
So then HMU!
c:
Heading East on this beautiful Saturday!
If you're near Morristown, TN, stop by the Rose Center for the Herb Festival.
I play at noon today!
Now that Bin Laden is dead, can the TSA end the liquid paranoia?
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you,sometimes .
can you send scratched players list when available
I'm sure I'm sorry but thank you
Zero in on those girls and date them!
that's incredible.
Are you sending out some kind of magnetic force field that make trains stop
bro this dude is a douche , just looking for mentions
Woo!
Merry Christmas!
Time to get some lox and other Jewish goodies w/ my cuz, !
YAY for MD!!!
House passes gay marriage bill...
because you are waiting until we are on summer to be !!
Haha we say some funny stuff !!
Miss you
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill.
have you sent in your entry?
I still haven't received it.
:
Hahaha okay!
Gotcha down as my interior design source.
For cars???
pandora really knows me today c:
Should probably get to bed now..Good night
Enjoy some lunch and catch a little PresidentsCup action with us this today.
I love my friends, but I miss you!
Someone was really a little chatterbox today!
Just when I had finally taken you off my shit list too.
in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
Tell Caine hello from the Midwest.
REST in Jesus finished work or RUST in your self effort!
awesome!
so what exactly happened when you met him?:
Please follow me :
snowpod?
Or another one?
Monday rocks!
New week, new exciting stuff!
Hope everyone is having a blast at SXSW!
but people can vote multiple times for Pepsi Refresh  are they counting people or votes?
I can't wait to watch a TV program surrounded by polictical ads!
keep the Hackoff!
Get rid of the Smackoff  your callers suck!
Happy Birthday!!!
signed with the heat
Does wimax work?
lifevineworks cofounder and author, brian weddington is at the youth summit!
In 2001 Burgers account for 40 of all sandwiches sold in commercial restaurants.
they didn't actually film in their offices though
RT : MS OneNote is really starting to work for me  all my ideas and research clips organized in one spot.
It is about time, Micr ...
You had a good girl, but didn't know how to treat her.
Use glue!
RT : The only issue is finding someone who can either iron or sew.
Finally Reborn!
New gig on Sat 1/14  Mainstay w/ Tower of Silence  Second Chance at Eden!
Welcome in new doctormmer Wade Dakota Robertson!
Excellent question.
I think they'll need to employ a bit of autotune before Koko releases an album.
Can someone please fix the sound problem?
Painful...
When someone tweets that and you read it in a doctoram?!
Sorry can't happen!.:
I'd really like to go as the Phanatic for Halloween.
Damn Cops!
RT : Had a good day then got a speeding ticket and was sad : but  the real one turned it around!
thats what old people and women say, lol
In My Time of Sighing...
you design and ponder the workings of the universe!?
Amazing!
Nono , You are awesome for thinking of that awesome name !!
gobezz !
ante jegnaaa !!
The lost art of common sense!!!
So pumped to see tonight HouseOfBlues Orlando  again 5/19 at RuthEckardHall My
Thinking about making banana bread when I get home.
noo , i wanna know !!
DarkShadows wanting to see this movie so bad!!!
My little girl feeding me her cuppycake ice cream as she would say
for what?
Museum of Science and Industry is really cool too if you have any extra time!
Well glad we made it home ....
Flat tire an all....
Learned from swimming at university pool today: high risk that swim team chick will share your lane and make you look like an old granny
MOUG business meeting: Spreading the good word about MOUG business.
Melinda is 1 on speed dial.
But I don't know it.
Or my home phone number which is 2 on the speed dial.
Weymouth's Christmas lights to be switched on in town  Dorset Echo Weymouth 's Christmas lights to be switched on in town Dorset Echo Tr

Sharp, indeed.
The stupidity of your remark, yeah, painfully
Also, 49th Parallel is one of my very favorite Powell  Pressburger films.
Please don't miss it!
Got an exciting email from last wk that music is coming to my inbox soon!
So proud to be one of his Kickstarter backers!
:
wack..and its not funny
to let him advertise to people who might not know any better and think they're getting a sweet deal
it was nice while it lasted:
I only bleed benjamin green
People to follow
I missed it!
What did he talk about?
Learning to be free.
hope you're having a lovely time!!!
HAIL TO THE REDSKINS Let's Go Redskin Country!
Fight For all
hey how you been?
Joining twitter so I can follow KPL
Old people get on my nerves 
will do!
You guys gotta sign it at the show.
Deal?
Times like this, Twitter needs a 'like' button.
Fun stuff!
Much needed night with my buddies.
WE GOT U SHOP ON LINE  NUWORLDCULTURECLOTHING.COM ITS WAT U DONT IS WAT MAKES U SMILE KEP N AZ SEXXY
I hate when people do it too, but I have zero interest in the baseball game it's a ritual every year lol
Bae made my morning :.
Life is good!
My locker at the gym and at work are both 85, because everyday they remind me to
hey sam it charissa is this the right sam?
agreed on arsenal.
I will shed a tear when wegner leaves that club.
But, yeah I wished they spent more.
ur making me feel some type of way!!!
Why haven't I heard from u???
I heard you were sick, feel better scrap:
for some reason i have forever young stuck in my head
Twitter Problems on my iphone!
Sorry, everyone.
It'sFriday Get naked at wrk..
I like Scandalat least the idea of it, but this dictator storyline is a bit contrived to me.
There are no options to insert your own text or picture into an ad anymore.
Venture Capital Radio Interviews Gary Economo of Focus Metals ...
All the Cubanas stand the fuck up!!!!!
i love Pandora
Thanks Mike!!
lets go somewhere where they can't find us, forever.3
A message with passion doctorws people in, because they crave a sensory experience.
HappyMothersDay to the HappyMothersDay without them who know who the Boyz would be like, they have raised beautiful Boyz!
thanks babe!
It's so good to be an adult.
Henry is such a legend!
nobodies perfect...
eating at calhoun's with the best aunt ever!!!
and
DAMN CAN I TASTE IT MAMI
Been watching a lot of horror even found a lovecraft movie midnight meat train was really good by Clive barker
I'm voting for you and your nuts in 2012!
my last day  chi2011 learning about how people read and feeling like my motivation for going to school is back
Vernon Howard What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
Is a super magic man.
We stay up till 5am.
Although we're bound by Shamen law,what goes on tour stays on tour!
Feels like daaannccinnngg
Happiest girl in the world right now
Half time for filming the next Rush concert DVD.
Freewill was just about perfect.
Alex nailed the solo.
Best time ever!
CAP  COMMUNITY ACCEPTANCE PROGRAM  This New 'Alternative to the Criminal Justice System' is Coming to America in 2013.
Give me a car audio system with Spotify and I'll be set...
for life.
LIFE.
: Uhh girls still get down in college?
exactly...
GIRLS lol
missing the boy.
Off i go lol cute outfitt c: confidence gets me through my day
why do all the weirdos come in at closing time?
U fall bak n ill fall bak more
I think people's feelings depend on the book they handed out.
THE STAND?
HUNGER GAMES?
Great!
Others?
Eh.
MAC MILLER333333
Being told you look fit knowing you ate an entire pizza days earlier is the definition of winning thanks
Leadership is understanding people and involving them to help you do a job
my favorite time of the day lol
If u dont doit someone else will.
Trust me
rant rant rant!
i hate christmas music during thanksgiving.
Consolidation and Virtualization: Doing More with Less?
Hope you had a fun break!
went well, wind turned bad in the last mile
Someone once told me, u 'become' your environment.
I have found this to be true
two words..
one name: Mile Fontenot.
yay!
Good morning!
How was your sleep?
Have a nice day Austin.3
Spent 4.5 hours on a boat in the ocean elaborately feeding squid to fish.
I'd say it was fishing, but I didn't actually catch anything.
Mason folks re:myMason  Courses outage.
We understand that there may be issues at the Bb data center.
Many folks working on this.
Feeling The Effects Of The Snow Right Now.......
lol
Ticklish is a state of mind.
What's your state of mind?
love the hats
On the road to Page County for a dinner with some great local Demsamazed by the stinkbug infestation along the way!
Hey girl, I'm good.
Just finishing up a long holiday weekend.
Getting ready to do mathXL.
3 RT : As long as you are passionate about your vision, you should keep moving forward
they don't know the truth behind you, but now i do ;
Fab.
Still going  it's awesome.
: Hot Brands Awards begins in 15 in the Forum Ballroom
lost 1 pound since his last weighin!
He's lost 20.6 pounds so far.
he will play and contribute...
They'll likely use White in the slot too
Great win for Rafa!
A sore throat is like the 4th worst thing in the world...behind Hitler, Oprah, and McDonalds
st.
vincent and the grenadines is a great country name.
obscure british invasion/underground motown groupy.
Success isn't built on success.
it is built on failure.
It's built on discontent.
Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Please people whenever you go to church please make sure you bring a friend.
It's very important.
Obama's state of the union last night was definitely inspired in part by Occupy.
But do we trust him enough to vote for him again?
Just 3 likes away from 100...share More Skees Please with your friends and family today!
My point is you can get good value in later rounds with RB.
However, I probably take TRich if Mo.
Claiborne is gone.
Brah u Seen me ariler u walked right pass u dont want NO PARTS BRAH !
If we do nothing but focus on being a talent magnet for our AMA chapter, we can have the biggest impact
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
you're too kind...
I'm fortunate to be able to do both right now.
:D
She does not look plussized.
I spoke too soonstill out in Baltimore.
It will Happen :
Thanks for the comment.
You are pretty awesome too!
What comes down to us?
Issa's 20,000 poems Don't contain the man.
Mostly everything start off small, u can watch it grow or make it grow.....depends on ur level of motivation..
going out soon!
Ill ttyl!
Stoke the Fire Within!
Today's guest, Charlie Adams, will show you how!
The Truth: Boston Celtics Game two Recap  Hardwood Houdini
I don't have a clue what you're talking about
ROAD TRIP!!
Welcome to the team!
: Starting next Sunday May 14th, I will be hosting on in Denver!!!
Thanks!
Older, but um...
wiser?
Happy birthday to Chuck today!
If you don't associate yourself with that race.
Dont freaking claim it like it's apart of you.
Sadly bailing on the Old 97s.
Unless miracle 4wheeling stranger near St Paul pings me ASAP.
I like how the first thing I think CLFL is, is Crew Life Foe Life: RT :
Thank you !
You as well!
machindoctorm  midnight tonight at low end theory !
3
: Pisces don't do what they do for your approval ratings!!
Amen!!
wow!
go kill it :
Somebody want to let the Sox know that's Luke fucking Hochevar on the mound and not Bruce Chen?
Wow that was pretty bad.
An incredibly annoying lead character, among other things.
How did that get a best pic nod?
when my hairstylist in downtown NYC asks if I live in NYC, i want to respond with no i live in this place called wisconsin..
and then she
It's all about the hustle.
If you aren't there, someone else will be ready to take it.
Grab as many opportunities as possible.
Spiritual progress lies in the discipline of the soul  the purification of the nafs, not in the mechanical performance of worship only.
thanks for the follow.
GOOD MORNING!
feeling so super, i'm blessing the office with song ::tra la la::
TupacFoundALive Best day of our lives!!
next followers who follow her..
she so cute..
LIke her tweets.,3333 folloow all
Should they have removed the pic?
RT : CBS affiliate removes photo of anchor posing with Chris Brown.
bit.ly/qyRE7L
U.S.
estimates Medicare will no longer be able to pay full benefits starting in 2024, same as last year Âs forecast.
Does Markakis always strike out looking?
Swing the damn bat, Nick.
we are missing you already, Scoopy McBastard.
: He is the reason Mona Lisa is smiling.
Remember add value by doing little things for people who are positive and negative in your life
Monday!
Let's get goals going!
www.IamINC.biz
bieberonthevoice did ok
Why does she always do things like that?
I hope you are quite alright.
You seem angry.
:/
On set of MTV's teenwolf, let's work!
Merry Christian!
Spend time with your family today.
If you are reading this, get off Facebook or Twitter now!
And go open your gifts :
I'm sorry, Alternate.
thank you.3
I hope your baby pens meet OKC in the Calder Cup finals.
I'll have some shit talking to do to you Pens fans ;
doctorpping truth bombs, Rex!
Knock Knock..Who's there?
HAPPY..Happy who?..Happy CriminalMinds is on tonight!!!!
RT : I have found that cover images for boards are huge  choose well  dont let it default to latest pinned image
Good Morning :
Not so much...
I'm thinking I may consult a professorssional...
considering my lung almost ended up on the floor last night :
AW: y don't u stupid ppl let them be??
if they want to be together LET THEM!!!
sheesh 
I am done for the week.
Watching und vs.
Minn in the WCHA semis hoping it goes about 13 overtimes!
Go to sleep
I thought the tune was on par for the show and the disconnect Don faced.
It was also a Beatles tune I wasn't familiar with.
Do you think you have what it takes to be a future Champion?
Go to RocktagonMMA.com and sign up!
This is the kind of thing that the media ought to be covering 247!
Already have the fire going and unpacking the suitcase.
Tacos for dinner tonight!
I understand u like thrifting, but if ALL yo clothes come from thrift stores that's a problem !
New forecast about 4 minutes away on wsfa TV.
Special hour long newscast to cover the storm aftermath til 9AM.
I'am SO EXCITED!
Ha!
She's not giving herself enough cred!
RT : I'm a relatively dudelike lady.
Maddie
Coming to a blog near you today Wedding Wednesday, picture overload!
;
Now THAT was a DIVE BAR STICKUP show!
I saw one article about it but it was no where near 60 TIMES its original goal then.
Your article is continuously more relevant
Thanks I got my book
WE ARE OPEN FOR BLACKFRIDAY!
Come on in and receive 10 OFF of everything in our store!
Offer is only good until 12pm today!
blowin up social networks...
Pot/kettle
A culture of one is no less important than a culture of one billion.captain JeanLuc Picard
I wasn't ready for this
Thank you same to you kiss the babies for me : happy mothers day
we are coming to LAS VEGAS!
4TH WEEKEND IN AUGUST!
can u leave two tickets for me at will call tommorow daygame.
RT Please rt that I had a birthday at some point this year.
Wait, are you famous?
RT
slobby, they will work you.
What is a good way to store vinyls?
I'm really good at promptly responding to text messages.
Pressing Send, not so much.
Days off spent feeling guilty for not working don't really count as rest.
Nix the guilt.
If you've earned it, rest with abandon.
Thanks for following me :'
Congratulations Andoctory  Lyumilda Yushchuk.
3 years ago today you purchased your 2nd Franchise Plan.
You are a terrific partner!
Daniel bought me Easter Egg cookies c:
Where has this week gone..
Time to catch up on everything I've been procrastinating
will you even look back when you think of me
Happy Halloween!!
LOL I can relate!
:
AJ vs KJ all in, K on turn...such a bad run!
thank you for the RT, you rock!
back in LA
BEING ELMO: A PUPPETEER'S JOURNEY  A terrifically inspiring story.
Great article!
RT Nutrition Month 2012: 25 Common Food Myths Busted
Just realized that the voice I do for my dogs is somewhat of a mix between Stephanie Tanner and Elmo.
Thats really nice,thanks!
Bought Cubs tickets today for our minimoon!
This has been a day for reminiscing..
It be the ugliest girls that talk the most Shit about how they fly or there crew so bad my Lord !!
Have you looked in the mirror lately?
Ha
this is my third time I don't notice I fake bill.
Like money Hopefully there nice  dont write me up.
But its the third time:
thanks for checking us out.
RT our album link and i will DM you a FREE DOWNLOAD code.
: And now we have Merrill Hoge telling Kurt Warner how to raise his kids.
Unreal.
What u get when u pay ppl 2 give opinions.
where at?
I just cop a pair from Cerritos
How Businesses Are Using Twitter  The Current State of the Twittersphere
right you are my man
Travel safe!
So why focus on suicides when coronary issues kill way more players?
The whole game is bad 4 u.
That's why is complex.
Awesome.
Thanks!
congratulations!
The dissing was easy, but the er tation took 8 yrs in my case
agreed.
absolutely disgusting!
Friedel does not look happy to be wearing that design at all!
Don't want to go to bed because I know I won't be able to sleep.
Job hunting online
Last night, when I called my cat's name and he didn't come, I realized I was talking to a black backpack.
luckily the class was not about Gmail :
If this is sugar Shane's last fight I'm glad I'm watching it
That massage was well needed!!
2 blessed to be stressed ;
RT : Museum v.
damaged by Irene floods  now the 1st recipient of a grant through ' recovery fund!
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Theodore Roosevelt  Teddy had it going on
go mobile or go home!
RT : Wow!
implications for health comm?
mobile devices will outnumber humans in 2012
Closing in on 1000 likes......can I get 19 hands to spread the word of Color Me Valiant!?
Problem: hodgepodge key systems.
Creating a presentation on value of standardization,  impact on key control.
How many keys do u carry?
keyword strategy  focus on nice and longertail keywords with less competition than more costly, high volume keywords.
SWEAR!
Her n KK strong I couldn't do it!
I sure hope Brian Long appreciates this.
what about this weekend?
Im free any day...
I think maybe saturday night?
Then mall?
I mean If I'm coming off dumb please feel free to enlighten me lol
I love Retweet that mom:
It is opposite the Meet the Guests but it sounds more interesting.
See you there.
Some people on here are such liars..
it's a dark day indeed
It's not too late to get here.
Power's back on and forum is gearing up.
RT : Few municipal candidates are using social media: Twitter, Facebook are a great way to potentially e......
I've really got to stop reading books all in one sitting.
Score, thanks!
NYE NOLA RT : Of course, we have NOLA's own doctor John and an open bar!
The President has introduced programs that reward schools that dont raise tuition and costs.
They wont work.
Why?
You don't say.
my coworker doctornks that kind I'm not in love with it.
I doctornk GTs synergy.
Good stuff
let's go bikini shopppin' the first day of summer :
absolutely.
I've gotta keep them out of the gutter though
RT thanks FF have great weekend
welp.
bck to work I go
I just buttoned a size 16 jean with room to spare!!!!!
Tears!!!
Last day of summer vacation.
Thinking about how to make the best use of my remaining 2 semesters of grad school.
I was on the tour today.
I had tears as I ran the tunnel...
oh ok then I'll check that but true
doctornk tweeting again, eh?
:
so cool.
Thx.
The Legislature claims that additional HC cuts are off the table, but they are still considering a Gross Receipts Tax on nursing homes.
Enjoying your posts, making me feeling like I'm living in Florence again...
Tweeting from the most secure building in SF launch.
Seriously, secret service everywhere while waiting for Israel Pres.
to show up.
They where like hey thats brandons sister!!!!!
let me know how that works out for you.
you don't live in the district, anyway.
NCwala Old and young women bearing breasts.....is it possible that old women can wear bras in this rich ceremony?
Preliminary stayhomereadball results are in!
Readers want to be seated with: Raymond Chandler, Zora Neale Hurston and Jack Kerouac!
smx Avoid FB newsfeed spam for higher engagement rate.
I'm sorry.
What did you say?
I'm hypnotized!?!?!?!?
This nigha on my fb checked in at a restaurant called The Frog Hair.....I'm wtf gross
Aww, I love you so much Sarine 3 Thank you.
Well I know you did great!
WHERES YOUR FOOD AL?
Well...it's been more fun than a barrel of monkeys!
you did good.
I laughed out loud while doing my cardio.
;
Thanks!
Hey Hey Hey....IM 600!
it's incredible.
No words can explain how amazing it is.
LOVE it.
We can say I'm tired til we blue in the face but just know,God can use you IF you wanna be used.
The akward moment you realize that Hinder looks like Pablo
RT : A 8year old boy named RyanKennedy is in the final stage of brain cancer.
His simple wish.
to trend worldwide.
RT to ...
What you do matters  but not much.
What you are matters tremendously
Tonight was amazing.
I cant believe how much has happened for us 3 coastocoast release party  success
but you tweeted...so is it good?
sofreakingconfused lol
oh, no!
If only you kept growing the beard, you could have used the unabomber beard excuse...
I feel like today is just one of those days.
Just got in a cab at CMH to take me to Dayton where I will get on a plane.
great video, thanks for posting it!
yes there is.
I just need to take out the part that says Rocky is named after the park :
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul.
The Notebook
Twitter is getting boring and boringer : who agrees
Good Morning  Happy Friday San Diego!
Time to get news from YOUR favorite hometown news We're less than 5 minutes away!
GM ...
Last exam for the semester!
Great!
What'd you have to eat?
RT : Fabulous pool party for the media scribes The food was tremendous...
I will be doing the same!
good luck.
I hate scholarships i always feel like its a waste of time because I never get them
Ha Come On ,Where Do You Live Lol ??
Dodgers tie it in the 9th!!
I'll take the wild pitches, didn't think LA had a shot down by 2 w/ Ellis, Loney, and Uribe coming up.
CANCEl CANCEL CANCEL le message sent FFFFFUUUUU
I can already feel the bs coming on.
then why aren't you doing your work hm?
haha
The latest with the North Korean rocket launch, coming up on the !
And in International news, Canada reelects George W.
Bush, sorry, I mean Stephen Harper.
It was on this day in 1885 that Mark Twain published Huckleberry Finn
And by best mistake, I mean my own mistake.
Don't know where I'd be if I hadn't fallen into CART at UIW!
rightI'd heard about thatbut this is the first time I've seen it first hand.
I wonder if iPad 3/IPhone 5 add LTE indicator.
We are Albuquerque's premier direct mail advertising  bulk mail service provider.
Call today and put us to work for you.
5058993104
What if DéjàVu means you actually died, and are now returning to your last checkpoint?
Probably blowing up 's phone.
Oh well, she loves me anyway.
I seriously think the wildcat is done in Miami with the new addition of Marshall
WHAT.
DO.
YOU.
MEAN.
WHO'S.
THE FIRST?
Thanks for using Hark!
2011  Did as much as possible during spring break, 2012  Did as little as possible during spring break.
InstantTurnOn when they pull strands of hair from your face
Nah, not even close to the same.
BMW was a goofy sitcom.
There's a Halloween ep, though, thats a total precursor to Community.
i remember when we were out side my house and you wanted to slow dance with me and i was scared to cause people where out side .
WORK AT HOME TIP: Gather up your offline work and take the kids to the park.
Let them run while you get some work done.
I feel like a total loser when no one texts me.
D':
RT : Mighty fine, unless you're VMware today.
wow.
That is hilarious.
math and science hahaha lol :P my life sucks right now , what are you doing?
:
It is.
I think baby faces are fucking adorable as hell :p
If you want some fantastic cobbler go check out Karims Cobbler shop and deli.
Located downtown.
Trust me you won't be disappointed!
Why is reheated coffee never as good as fresh?
Chemists?
Any answers for me?
I turned my phone onto Airplane mode and threw it up into the air.
Worst transformer ever.
Um OK whatever u say
Brunette: Look a dead bird!
Blonde: Looks up Where!?
great!!
How about yourself?
Watched the pilot for American Horror Story last night.
Oops.
Can't unsee it  want to watch 2nd ep despite being against better judgement.
hey guys do any of u wanna do a live chat with me?
Iced out ring real big like a charger.
Yeah she tight, but im swaggin harder.
It is over by the Lifetime Fitness area, yum!
no matter how matched, but mismatched your socks are, you still have the best most spiffy suits on tv bro!
Love your name!
Remember: Perception becomes Reality!
Is there any ipad stylus' out there that don't feel like you are doctorwing or writing with a large rubber crayon?
I feel like a damn hippy when I listen to phish.
Oh wells
...and my top 10 alltime list contains about 25 movies.
I need to compete in a beard contest and a parallel parking contest.
coming home from Afghanistan after a year!
Yes!
I really hate getting boring ass phone calls.
If u call me, u obviously have something to say.
when are you going?
thanks for the tickets to !!
Good morning!
Ready to start your week?
I'm focused on getting a lot done today including some shopping for maxi doctorsses at Forever 21.
You?
Show me the money ...60 of younger boomers now plan to postpone retirement and work beyond age 65.
Up from 49 last year.
Source: MetLife
CONTEST :: What Army unit were the guys from that helped us design the MUT?
ah!
Happy birthday!!!!!
not much just living the doctoram
Same to you!
:
You're a cunt ass hoe.
get some morals.
grow some maturity, then lets talk
you're too kind thank you
Literally walked into a pole this morning.
Yeah, we're off to a great start.
LoL RT : I really think is using crack in her cup cakes.
If u haven't had them shame on u theybecallinme pookie voice
THE 2 SASSY'S ARE AWESOME!!!!!
SASSY CADDY  SASSY GOLF!
Cutest girls in Denver!!
And they golf!!
Non stop jello shots and keg stands makes me realize I am no longer in college.
Rumors.
Well at least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
We are following the same number that are following us.
So are the same people we're following just following us?
So meta.
finally on twitter!
Friday Humor: He who believes that the past cannot be changed has not yet written his memoirs.
Torvald Gahlin
I decide which beer to doctornk on a case by case basis
your on my plasma screen in HQ and your eyes are just so freaking perfect this is unbelievable.
its killing me .x
all my check ins originate in path n get shared out to other social networks.
I hate you, sweetpotato french fries.
NowPlaying Not Just You by 
what's good ?
anything for a retweet but only Scott brown parody retweeted no players.
I appreciate all types of music.
From pop to rock, classical to screamo, dubstep to country.
I love it all :
Ready to tear this Radio Days up tonight!!
Find out what makes you happy.
The rest will fall into place.
My husband loves Niki cuts it herself.
He says its worth the money  I have to agree.
My time at the Passport Agency downtown went by fast and I managed to bring all my documents with me.
Whew!
I feell sorry for u u gotta listen to that mister.
Van der Hyde
BandsILove recently...Rise Against
Cocks vs Aggies at CWS today.
May the best team win...
Go Cocks!!!
Happy Turkey Eve to all!
Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved
RT : Bitches be tryna play the good girl when we know damn well THEY A FREAK
: Who's the King of New York?
Eli's the King of New York.
/and Indianapolis.
A cover letter too?
what happenend Bro?
Listening to The Head and the Heart is good for you.
why aren't you with me and amy  chupacabra?
Quote of the morning from : There's a CROSS between my mess up and my victory!
// WOW!
That will change your life!
I'm starting to lose faith in music artists...
XL online they were available or armisterst listed.
But I know thy can be wrong at times.
Wonderful am hour w/ trusted friend JimLaffoon of everynationministries.
We need each other.
The Lord is good!
Yes!
Very possible.
Do you have something coming up like that!?
monsters inc
Watch out everyone!
I'm playing with isomalt today for this weekends sweet 16 cake!
Dang it RT : Not doing Rock The Bellz...thats a typo fam and friends...
check my last tweet son!
its really official sigh
I wanna be your easiest hello  your hardest goodbye..
Go all in!!
Be so committed to Gods plan that people mistake His plan for your good idea!
Happy Valentines Day to everyone!!!
We will have our Karaoke night tonight.
Starts at 7pm hosts by JahFool  DJ Dirty Redds!!!
All I ever needed to learn about lyric writing, I learned from listening to Last Day of Magic, by The Kills.
gym watching Marcus Liberty, Terry Cummings, and Latreal Sprewell put Chicago players through a tryout for the KBA prodigy game.
Grateful for my phone, but I need a bigger one!
You guys were at the zoo today??
FF Because they have creative ways to help you save for college!
The probability of successfully opening a 5year old 3D CAD model is VERY low.
Save your original files in a STD format.
good luck tomorrow!
I'm going to try to make it!
Just close your eyes...
Damn it!
Forgot about Daylight Savings and been working all night!
Ug!
Gotta be up soon and work still not done.
SORRY FOR SPEAKING
congrats and good luck with !
Thank you for joining us, !
Which flavor did you enjoy?
I really can't tale Fox News' Megan Kelly this early in the morning
RT : A Texas billionaire has donated 18 mil to conservative super PACs to oust Obama, aims to double that by Nov....
I'm at a gymnastics place and it smells like feet in here!
Movies tomorrow with and :
Weird is the new normal.
all the way.
Painful  just painful
Gutted after the doctorma...
but happy for Hughes that they stay up.
When all is said and done QPR were amazing.
wow where did u come from get outta here
Thanks!
I mentioned that to Nina.
Hope you can too, Greg
Hello Sasha do you have a lay out
: A1: Best ways: Adjust resume accordingly, use social media to network with recruiters and Hiring Managers, work w/colleges
All has begun!
www.sofiafellini.com
YUP!
RT : Hey, , are the kids still eating free on Sundays?
Let me know if you're coming to tonight for Would love to meet ya!
RT : mothersdayrally starts tonight  24 hrs of posts by ppd survivors on Come, read and feel less alone
Still haven't found it?
Sorry girl.
RT : I need everyone I know to come help me find my camera!
Ugh.
I'm so upset
McHale on Conan tonight, if you need to catch the rerun.
ah nigga chillen wishing i could watch you in da playoffs!

Were you allowed to grind stars while at PCA?
Ya but only because I relocated to Mexico in December and got reverified.
I tricked you to fall in love, little boy; I played with you, till I was done, like a toy!
My God is faithful and I am so thankful He loves me and is willing to forgive me.
thanks for being there!
Great article on Corso F Bomb.
But Franklin gets axe for off color comment to woman in production meeting?
Two systems...
ypu working tonight?
Going to sleep now because I think Raul is getting mad because he wants to sleep.
Bitch.
Seeing that the two of us our here and only one of you is there it would suggest that you're in the wrong country : Have fun!
So, if you piss Matt Weiner off you get fired or a fat suit?
Good to know.
someone who can push me around on a gurney, postwhatchamacallits?
LA traffic can be the worst.I guess Eddie Rabbitt guy who sings I Love a Rainy Night never doctorve in a LA rain storm:
Grizzlies about to become first team in nba history to win 5 of 7 games and not advance.
I want you to die.
And then I shall throw a party.
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
Who's excited for it's only a little over a month away :
Do you work with American artists at all?
it is, we borrowed it in 1998 and never returned it hahaha.
hopefully at the end of summer!
How many more injuries before its neccesary to think about Sanders going on IR?
Guys are bound to get nicked up next Monday too
Groundhog Day yep, my sleep movie for tonite.
z
Taurus power!
Medicaid and supplemental security income.
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
Lowincome housing.
Geekini Geekend!
Coming to CafeHAPA in SanDiego this wkend  Pretty gals in Bikinis  Geeky attire.
We may test your nerd skillz!
watch out for crazy girls doctorssing like they are at the club
Getting ready to go on air for Playboy Radio with
I MISS YOU!!!
he got those insecurities.
That's cool figured I'd give you a free idea for future changes.
Still super handy.
HELL YEAH!!!
I should be studying but all I can think of us how bad I want to go to Disney world :
Being Bevs LT was the knock but I don't think that matters much.
Pats got issues too, namely the R education plan.
hahahaha  Hi Vince!
The people want you, I sure hope your first tweet doesn't disappoint.
You're the biggest inspiration to me, You inspire me to follow my doctorams in acting, So thank you.
Follow your heart right?3
That ruins everything.
I feel so important cuz is following me.
What an experience.
wowRT : Happiness is having Larry Stone as your sommelier for the evening
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha.
They ran her off Twitter.
i love the color of my eyes.
honestly, its the only thing i like about myself.
Sieze every opportunity..you never know which one is going to get you to the next level.
great to hear from you!
Will you going to sxswi this year?
Is factoring a type of loan?
No.
Commonly called  factoring loans, it is a financial practice with a B2B transaction, No Bank involement
All partied out.
Two events in one night and the joy of working on a sunday morning.
No Juliet Simms :.
Wow!
that sounds amazing!
How the Ol'Cherry Tree Blues?
thank u SO much for the follow!
:DD 333
Glad to see the man behind the curtain.
definitely  come find me some time the next couple days
Good job on the video!
I really like the lyrical flow, keep it up!
Some stuff is left better unsaid!
ahaha this is exactly one of those times !x
Random: is NOSY...all up in grown people's business.
That is all.
LOL
Thanks for RTing the blog post and !
Happy Friday :
Before i die , i want to meet and 
My hair is shity.
Church always reminds my soul there's something bigger.
We're keeping it simple and using MilAutoShow :
Christina's and Chelsea's apartment as the location for the birthday bash.
We were all going to play Rock Band tonight, but we ended up watching a slew of 80's music videos instead.
Reading book of mormon on train.
I like 1840 version best.
No verse markings
Might transfer to Information Technology...
Alot to think about!
Nothing but rain, cold  wind.
Good excuse to watch ball games all day :
Barnes: ur perceptions of...disability are coloured by a deeprooted psychological fear of the unknown, the anomalous and the abnormal.
she already messed up 's order!!!
We Hear: Volkswagen Future Plans Could Include Edgier Audi TT, Axing Eos  MotorTrend Magazine
Night Farmers, With our last weekend open at the Farm..we're having our final special; strain of the day George Clinton lowest donation
I love demi :
Still looking for interested players and coaches.
Email Head Coach Mike Meeker at with your interest.
I want the WHOLE LAKERSNATION to RT and follow me ONLY if you TEAMlakers fuck all other teams.
ill followback asap.
I've never seen anything like this.
Guy has so much mental toughness!
Bitch please!!!!
Don't forget we're hosting a Pandora event between the 16th  22nd April!
Claim your free silver Pandora bracelet when you spend over 125.
Hoping for bacon filled dinner...
cosign RT skreechfilms4u: Photo shoots Press Music Videos Commercials Skits Creative Visuals etc Skutrjpa
Like, sorry that you had to read that
why am I just seeing your tweet its like years behind in tweet time
Purveyors of truth.
Duckslayers.
I hope they stop 'em
Karma has been on my side these last two days
call me asap plz
Hit another huge thesis jackpot today!
As much as I want to graduate, I will be sorry to see this end...
Getting theatre tickets for broadcast of Benedict Cumberbatch in Frankenstein!
I can hardly wait!
but wonderful to see the expansion and growth!!!
evolution is the name of the game...always be open to evolve!!!
Why won't anyone believe me that im being bullied on xfactor ???
And solitude, surrender not; willfully humbled by the task To climb out of the black hole into the burning sun...
Soo confused on the Lakers right now?????
funny thing about that is I do have worms in my house for
Holy whoa Monday  how's yours.
I'm a bit worried  no communication and it's almost 3 p.m.
your time
but what if you legitimately have money, but don't like walking around like a walking lick.
Glad someone loves me..
Thanks..
hahahhah :D rarely steal the cars, because our cars are horrible XDXD LOL

Is there a corresponding article?
Im interested.
I love Auto Show time, today journalists from Japan, Russia, Brazil, and CNBC.
Plus staff from Federal EPA visiting.
this is fun!
I didn't see your prior tweet.
Jim always did his msnbc shows from Austin stations/ wasn't thinking.
Or groping one of the shirtless guys outside playing volleyball??
Lol.
Try saying buckhunter really quickly ten times in a row.
come to Atlanta then : lol
March madness is starting and the nba is in full swing.
Best part is chris berman is nowhere in sight.
CV2012 Endorsed by majority on council??
That's exactly her problem.
All inside baseball game.
Congrats!!!
Although I don't know you personally i'm still proud of you!!!
Thanks for the mention.
I'm excited for u.
Having published , I can see a real need 4 ur
In audience at showcase of amateur singer/songwriters.
Need mute button.
lmao WESTSIDE TT we having a team metting tonight at 7pm feel free to slide through
I'm convinced HDTV was invented to show Augusta National in its full glory.
Happy 25 birthday to the sexiest man on the planet !!
Stay sexy forever !!
:
Because the Creator said WAKE UP, and U obeyed!
Isabel, can you tell me what didn't go well for you?
Hate that you didn't love it.
poetry readings in thebeat dtlv Kleven contemporary is open for viewing!
ight I ask
Your presentation about our program rocked!
So glad to be a part of this learning community.
RT My NEXT GF GONNA GET THE BEST OF ME, I PROMISE IMMA TREAT HER LIKE A QUEEN  GIVE HER MY WORLD ....
aww thats cute
What a great day to get things done and not feel like you are missing the great outdoors!
Even my dog Belle is chilling out by the couch!
No offense, but if you liked that National Anthem, you don't like America.
juan don't be sad you deserve to be happy so take the stress off your shoulders and member you got amazing friends :D
after walking by parade last week thought it should be called 'white people are ethnic too, really' day.
come by and say GO DUCKS.
usually sit right behind the plate.
See ya there
Steps 3, 4 and 5 for setting up your new international emagazine: create your Twitter, FB and Pinterest accts
was great seeing you for a second last night!
HugsSmooches
n Lauren London a couple?
Thanks for the recent RTs!
ó Have a great Tuesday!
Saddened to learn of the passing of the legendary Dick Clark.
New Years Eve won't be the same without ya.
Exhausted and hungry.
ApTest today.
APUSH
Aw, thanks, Jeff!
Enjoy your own vacation in paradise : Hugs to R and V, too!
Taking an exam to work p/t for the census bureau today...
Quite the process!
Can't wait to get out in the sun...
The little kid in the background looks stunned.
Nice jump.
you tricked us but it was still amazing
: Tis better to have loved and lost, Than never to have loved at all.
Alfred Tennyson to Arthur Henry HALLAM :D
Words of wisdom.
: If I could just get you outta my head for a day, I would be okay.
A sad day in the music world w the passing of a amazing talent Whitney Houston
Starting out so look out twitter, I am on the rise!!!
140 character yoga should be a thing.
so many pretty clothes here.
yea I'm scared of the tests we have to take for hs:/
Holiday Parade at 9:30am on Sat.
Nov.
21st.
Nonperishable food items will be collected along the route to benefit Hunger Task Force.
dh2010 Have struggled w tagging place names in TEIencoded text, both automated and vendortagged had problems.
Good to know!
Twitter, please do something about these spanners.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Thoreau RT via
Sittin at work, cant wait til' thursday to get skills out of the way, and then taking registry a week from today!
SO CLOSE TO MEDIC LUCKY!!!
He who has knowledge spares his words, and a man of understanding is of a calm spirit.
Proverbs 17:27
who the fuck is stomping in the apartment upstairs!!
We have a few shirts left from 2010.
I can check if we have your size?
: do you guys have shirts?
NYCIAA alum: ran into classmate at fav coffeeshop.
His band playing 2nite w other iaa alum!
Come with me!
hay do u has a skype
Maya Angelou Childoctorns talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Michael Jackson Skate Night, Moonlight Rollerway, 8PM.
Be there.
When cody was singin Angel, i was filming than my ipod died..
and it didnt save what it already filmed : darnit
It was awesome.
Thank you!
I see how it is
no problem buddy :
Ikea to sell lowcost LED bulbs from Lemnis
In agony you will strive for Truth, till your false claims return to their 'native nothingness':
Omg i dirint know Ellen was a lesbian !!!
thinks I have a problem RT : what???
lol
Talk is cheap.
then I'm lost as fuck right now.lol
Mon  Tue are made infinitely better because of all day and all night happy hour.
that was 2010...TWO years ago??
crazy
TardyfortheWedding comes on tonight at 9PM.
Don't be tardy!
filling side yard/doctorveway with junk while scrapping metal.
It's been ongoing...
I TOLD YOU SO!
thx for waiting :
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music, and for the good work that you do !
long story.
I will tell u at lunch mayb.
17 Days until Dogfish Head!
Ah, yeah, ur right, they suck.
I'll never forget the intext citations in my papers!
They stuck out like sore thumbs
Annoyed that people r against the sodatax here.
Does Philly love diabetes that much?
can you email me
Thanks for the RT!
xo :
I hate when you go out of your way to text someone and all you get is a one word reply
1 : I feel like the universe just knows when I need a moment of clarity...or two or three.
Thanks, universe.
ineededthat
Well, next year I'll be able to celebrate cinco de mayo
walk to my house
I want to work for Olivia Pope and speak that quickly all the time!!
Why are ghetto people loud?
good they should!
I used to rock those too and they are sick!
Interesting ..
no articles included!
i like your thinking!
Packetbased network switching brought in questions of the public spatiotemporality of communications: where will we store transmissions?
hi ; and okey witch you ?
BTW  The Internet is no longer free!
TONIGHT 68!
We're hosting My Block: A Youth Photography Exhibition by students.
Check out their work, it's amazing!
Well you two dot spend too much on me lol
lol...just talking about you.
I just asked my mom about you and the wedding.
How is everything
Tonight I found out that is freakin' awesome at ping pong.
Shut the fuck up you dumb bitch!
they dance studio is my best friend.!
Baby you da  you da best.
Da best I Eva had.
Nothing beats Google Docs in collaboration.
But it seems to be in perennial beta mode...
e.g., Asian input, updates that fix/break
had a great night  Have alot on the agenda for today!!!!
Yacht shopping is exhausting!
So now all of a sudden niggaz wanna start talkin positive and shit...
Here we go..
Maybe your society : We watch/judge celebrities because they are in many ways just mirrors of our society.
Making dirty rice for dinner!
wow!
Once every 5 years!?!
In Family Medicine we do everything, no excuses.
This is extremely unfortunate.
Who is going to be your cohost?
Pop Tate's Nickname used to be Curly, because he had brown, curly hair then!
I swear there are aspects of my job that make me want to go to law school just so I have the authority to tell people they are f'ing wrong!
woohoo!
i got a job!
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work
you're still going out with him ?!
;o
He wont make me cookies 
I'm leading a pickup parade from SE34th  Belmont for Walk to Work Day leaving at 7:30 today with
Affirmation: The past is over.
I live life in the present moment.
base package should be 2 te anyway...
Eliminate Fb all together...
QB is a running threat too.
Think about it.
In his article, Bonhoeffer alumnus Chris White argues that the Roman Catholic Church is experiencing a resurgence.
What do you think?
followed you ma dude
The best curve on any woman is her smile!
when we ask questions, chances are we already know what really happened, we just test if guys will tell us the truth
georgezimmerman charged with second degree murder in trayvonmartin case.
In custody.
Turned himself in.
Im listening to WCBS 880 for Yankees baseball and they have the YES telecast on.
They keep going back and forth.
Keep it on YES until you
This bus is too damn cold.
Full schedule for is now published.
If you haven't picked up your tickets for workshops or conference do it soon!
Selling FAST
You mean Hitler's not your hero?
Man looks at the outside.
God looks at the heart.
He uses the insecure, unlikely and broken to make a difference.
Burgers for dinner tonight
and I wasn't prepared smh
I'm over all this bipolar weather
Workn hard at this music
I'm envisioning some kind of weird Santa Clause hijinx where you two must take up the mantles of Jane and Michael Stern.
Be well!
cause i caught that sub fool lol
Went a couple of years ago  beautiful.
MT : I haven't been able to see it in person yet
Good morning everyone : I hope u have a great day
Gonna K.O.
soon.
Too tired from last night man.
Dear Lord, please show my passport mercy  grace.
She is lost  needs to be found.
Also, my family the vision  wisdom to seek and find her.
ok 1.
why is my dad a regular american idol watcher and 2.
why does he agree with Randy on everything?
iwannabe with him..
Perfect birthday dinner...
St.
Jack.
These guys are amazing best chicken liver mousse ever!
I don't think so.
Where did you hear such rumour?
Is it because of the screening of Sushi Girl?
I'm in USA.
this is happening right now.
can only imagine what it's going to be like tonight in Brooklyn....So sad
I hope you know that this has nothing to do with you.
Happy Valentines Day!
If you could send a valentine to any ride, which would you send it to?
Do u think maybe its time chinese replaces spanish in our primary and secondary education system?
Lebron is a Beast!
Success is the Best Revenge
Already tried that :/.
several times actually.
If I were president, booty shorts for everyone!!!!!!
It's impossible to say m for more than 7 seconds while pinching your nose.
RT if you tried lol
i almost got caught yesterday!
:o
Hook a girl up, would ya?
RT I'm just going to come out and say it: I want to be on the Colbert Report....
keep doctoramin then lol RT : My doctoram is to play with the new york yankee.
Green: relig identity is complicated; encounters w difference inevitable; relig voices contribute uniquely to democracy
CNN Wonder how a ban on doctorg ads would impact cost of health care?
US is only place that allows such ads.
Just sayin'...
Bring on Philly!!!!
We Ready!!!!
RT : Take Any WALE Ticket to ISLAND FRYDAY's Jamaican Resturaunt  Receive a Discount on Any Meal Purchase.
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
Lao Tzu
Cool tweets.
yet a team will take p Jones over numerous prospects who may actually give a damn.
Oden's doctor is Richard Steadman.
Having an mister is a very strange way to end a day.
Oh A Christmas Story.
I love you so.
Especially commercial free.
take my heart .
i know its not much , but its all i have .
haha, gotcha.
and yes, i too would like to know what artists fit in this category once you've created a list.
:
shorts my man.
and plenty nikes
wait rnt u the ome in my testing room?:O
sorry man its the rules lol!
:
Abe Schmidt HandsIn Apparel
You mad bro?Yes,yes I'm mad that's obviously why you could tell!
FILL IN THE BLANK: My favorite holiday family tradition is 
Online Shopping...
Weekdays, when the jobs are freshly posted  I assume ppl posting jobs aren't working weekends
interesting.
as long as you enjoy it, that's what matters, right?
Use or outinchi to announce events to the Chicago LGBT community.
Oh and as one of my Birthday presents I found out I was 7 weeks pregnant...
oh yea
morning alex : hope you have a good dayy ; 3
Bielema was impressed with Gordon, Stave and defense despite a few busts
hey its mary aka iamsporty657.
please follow me back robyn.
Where should we go tonight?
Give the opportunity to reflect on technology design.
Provides opportunity to mature and process differences.
welcome!
Hope to see you all around!
tweet motherfucker tweet!
teaching boot camp in the am ..
fun astoria park
Will it matter, coming out long after the election?
A new shell 'organization' is easy to create.
Thanks!
Right Billy?
It's OK to be bothered by aspects of the hacked emails, yet unshaken on the veracity of extensive evidence of global warming.
No problem.
what's going on ???
Send me one, Wendy!
Not sure if we'll be able to this year, but would like to consider it.
: I'll DM email addoctorss.
Grilled 6oz.
flat iron, rosemary potatoes, bacon braised cabbage, and a mushroom ragout.
That's whats up for Tuesday night!
Praying that makes it back home safe!!!
Love ya chic!!
B careful!!
Had an apocalyptic doctoram about something strange happening with the Moon....
today felt like a werid day..
idek why .
Loving that is on thevoice!
He's the real deal...
how do we become a Suggested Page on Jumo?
Our supporters are having issues finding us on Jumo.
Is that an endorsement?
what did you do with Kevin ???!
Disappointed with NC Amendment1 vote today.
Since when did limited, less govt start to mean more restrictive, discriminatory govt?
is beautiful
yes we do!
Miss you too!
ya !!
Some body doctorw on my Josh Hutcherson poster to
Affirmative.
North concourse concession stands will be open.
RT : Alcohol being served at the AAC?
If you don't like me tell it to my damn face bitch
Great mtg you Brian.
I look fwd to staying in touch and reading your thoughts on eportfolios and their impact on SM in
lol.
It took forever to convince the owner of our company to do an alternate horizontal version of logo for the website.
messed up here tonight is sold out!
woo hoo!
Most Latinos will vote for him bc what other choice do we have?
When im in a bad mood, Tannin makes me feel better.
Yahoo our lil burtercup came home late last night :
Paint.
Is.
Done.
Time to start moving in.
I would love it if rain came with a spot free rinse and an underbody wash
Lady Gaga..
What else can i say...
bet u look hansome right now
FOLLOW FOR ME  PLEASE GO !
I am very please follow is my new account please everyone : !
!
Congrats, sounds like a great time
It is cant wait to get some Whitney Glam!
See you this afternoon
true, true.
i practically live there anyway!
: Jenny's coming again Friday, there's lots of art stuff if you want to go!
Is your acct still open?
We got ours closed so have tried to register new accts.
Still pending.....
BC might not let us?
tonight we rock with and Jabroni music starts at 10pm 5
I love you :
actually had a pretty good birthday.
did some homework.
husband and kid passed out at 7.
the highlight of my day was a monster energy doctornk.
one time I thought I was pregnant, turns out it was just a really bad yeast infection
sure is.
can't i just put i'm awesome.
and leave it at that??
RT Better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
Mark Twain
doctorKeely Is the patient experience in a hospital an equal priority to having the best docs?
Hate those days when I oversleep
The Jungle Cruise!
Joy to the world.
Chris paul is a fucking warrior I want them to win.
RT : Q: Call to action overlay is there a fee?
A: It's free on your home videos, but you need to sign up with CC 4 Adwords 4...
Started Tempo Run with at 6:08 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
U must have paid someone off when it came to naming W.
That letter is clearly DoubleV.
That or they just got lazy towards the end.
May Day Protesting....
Follow her tho!!
:
Welcome our newest cougar!
RT Really excited to be going to USF next fall!
Vatican bans confession by iPhone
Lets face it, Google is a player/coach Terry Kawaja at
what's your summer plans?!
Got anything fun planned?
wait who's moogirl
Booty me down
Dec.
27th.
Xmas is over.
NY's Day is 5 days away.
I find this week to be a letdown usually.
What do U do during this week between holidays?
When you don't know what God is saying, go back to what God has said.
Thanks for the ff.
: You're neat too.
kool bro will do
glee was so good tonight!!!
I am glad I had time to watch it finally
Your knowledge of economics is as bad as your knowledge of the
Really enjoying the SharePoint Conference in Anaheim.
We're giving away an Xbox 360 Kinect at booth 623.
Facility with numbers and accounting is very helpful for public history jobs according to the experts here.
yeah girl, i totally brought sunglasses but then decided not to wear them....i regretted that decision 3 minutes later
and look amazing doing it......
.
congrats!
12.2k here.
hit 10k during last night's swn11 sprint.
nanonfuel: intermittent podcast and donut breaks
I always wanted to carry one of those little running away things...
The long stick with the little red thing on the end xD
tell ur mama I said hey :
for some reason i miss her........
im losing it
Three primary rules of Kanban: Visualize your workflow.
Limit work in progress.
Use a pull system to get tasks into prod
Fun volunteer opp, Austin !
Help  our water stop, 2/19Sign up by tom to get a tee shirt!
Happy Jersey Shore Premiere Day!
doing great!
Recording should be done this weekend
TheGrammys are tomorrow!!!
Who's going?
I think this arguingaboutwhetherthereisatechbubble bubble is about to burst.
I'd rather lose a game that isn't worth a ACC Title than lose the ACC Title game haha
Visit the Gold Lot at for a demonstration with Kraft Tools.
Only five hours till the kill Supperclub tonight in LA!
Its on!!!
I'm glad you're proud of your roots!
But you gotta rep Pacers in your bio to get 2 tix for Tuesday.
I have 2 left.
Sweet.
I'm in Clay City.
20 miles from Terre Haute.
Probably bout 3 hrs from there.
Watch out...
might give ur phone water damage haha
...universal,disney world,bush garden and etc..theres not alot of other kewl things about i know its to hot
Don't know about you, but I'm ready for the retinascan era to be upon us.
I'm watching the winx club.
I NEVER SAW THE FIRST QUARTER.
Happy Day After Christmas!
2012 is just around the corner, any plans?
we ended up with pumpkin bread.
pretty good stuff, especially slathered in butter.
call it an uprising.
Since 1997, the only Kosher McDonald's in the world that is not in Israel, is located in the Abasto de Buenos Aires, Argentina
It's certainly good to think with for public historianswe're into storytelling and public memory.
They're back!
With a new name: ...
so it wasn't real after all...
That moment when you realise you have no more tears for him.
Tuned into .
Can't get enough of this station!
Props!
I'm sitting in this wardoctorbe thinking to myself: where in the hell is fucking Narnia at
How is the book coming?
Perhaps something would enjoy reading as well.
Thanks!
About time I get it posted, eh?
Fun on Zoo Friday!
Love this box, but must rank it behind 1Complete Village Vanguard and 2 Complete Galaxy Recordings, which are my fav Art Pepper box sets.
thanks so much!!
Going to Avon Florist with Jareds mamma :
: No matter how worthless i feel, your touch is what brings me back to life lovineveryminute
Making shit all unnecessarily difficult
what?
So, you can't just live in your apt?
Talk at a normal volume?
just pulled up to mom and dads.
wow, I'm an idiot, spelled it wrong!
I can see it in her eyes how much its hurting her
RT : we need to schedule playtime!!
Let's do it!!
When talks in his Asian voice.xD 
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
The new year can only bring you new and better things!
Get stoked because it's just begun!
3
okay let's go.
Heyy Madison can you follow back.!?: followback TeamNikolette ;D
nope it works:D I think...
How many does it say I have?
When you doctorve, your heart rate increases.
So does your urge to piss.
My imagination is my worst enemy
What's up my fellow republican.
Lol
Joseph a bank has suits
Just Posted pictures of our new saturday nights.
.
.at the VICTOR HOTEL
Kentucky derby then strip clubs
And here I am, staring at picutes of sorry, but I'm creepin' on ya.
xx
Keepin it REAL...
That's what I do!!!!
So.
Tired.
No school tomorrow though3
tacos and torah is cancelled today snowsad but...
get ready for bagel club and basterds and brownies!
I have Christmas money left over ..
i needa go SHOPPING :
The odd moment you realize your shoulder hurts because of the shotgun you were using the day before.
RT : Marketing Excellence Awards: Gold Award in Social Media goes to Hitachi Data Systems
i found a firefly in my house and i grabbed some tissues and i felt it crunch beneath my fingers and now i want to cut my arm off
LinkedIn sends me an email offering 5 to complete a short survey, then writes back to say Siiiiikkkeee
greaat bucks game, we have some talent this season
It would have been super dope to have seen that hologram of Tupac preform at
Wants Minnesota to win tonigt so the Blues can finally clinch that damn playoff spot
I don't want this to come off wrong but it seems like there is a double standard here.
I dont get it.
That timing thing is stupid in the NHL.
It should be the same as basketball or football.
Once it leaves your hands/stick...it's fair game.
well in 2003 some of us would have been 13.
Praying that my cold goes away before Saturday...runningcoughinghot mess.
hey havent talked to you in a while haha how've u been?
:p
the houses around here are pretty
Making bacon..Wbuu?
Well done is better than well said.
Ben Franklin
NEW!
LimitedEdition Mary Kay Liquid Eyeliner Longwearing, allday color.
Rich purple shade.
doctores in seconds
Mary!!!
Happy birthday doll!
Love youu!
Moises hope the kid is doing well.
Joel is going to be a daddy soon also :
I havent been on Twitter for a while..
someone fill mhe in woth sometjing:.
Plz
Ahh when do little kids ever be quiet?!
we tried that on them, it didn't work :/ good sound but not nearly as good a show.
How could it have been, w/out a ceiling fan?
Philly airport has at least 3 wine bars.
doctorving home
Gay Talese says he could never write piece about Sinatra now b/c no one pays for that kind of reporting time.
Essays cheaper
Why Do Big Superstars Like to Boogie?
Cute conjoined twin animals seem to be really big on etsy right now
Bad artists always admire each other's work.
your town is looking pretty bad right now.
Go clean it.
chillin fa right now wats da move fa today ....
goin to the movies later on
The best love is the one that makes you a better person, without changing you into someone else other than yourself.
I love how when I teach  minister to others how God in turns ministers to me!
hey remember me??
:
Two days down shooting a Swordplay for Shakespeare video series.
Played Banquo and Cornwall so far.
Benvolio is next on the list.
oh but what if a teacher called her class the worst class in the world??
Idk what that would be!/:
wow since when do i have to met standards?
I'm tempted to hang out at Lowes all day in hopes of running into a Yard Crasher!
well lunch soon boo?
I'm coming home Fri night...
Do you mind doing me a little favor?
well im just a regular person inside.
I've always wanted my life to be like a movie scene.
Now I have to find a way to write my 7 pager, 3 pager, powerpoint  speech for tmister without being able to get to my room.
I am fucked 
Hey rain, thanks for holding off until I was finished with my run this morning.
Oh look.
Cheese.
Ain't nobody outside
Fantastic news!
Can't wait to find out what you've all come up with!
RT Video comin
Whoa!
You mean Pauly Shore isn't dead?
no it's not lol!
Without the visual of Shrek I unfortunately have associated with it, 'I'm a Believer' is a really good song.
Just purchased you book Bob.
Looking forward to getting into it.
Sent you my ad Tweet.
Ok gonna try and sleep again.
Peace and Godbless.
Hoot suiting...lets see how u like this...
Arron  180k x2 Back Squat ...
the race between he and Adam is ON for the 180 x 3!
Mayweather has triple H Justin Beiber and of course 50 cent.
LuvUBack
Mind over matter.
Religions come about?
It was man.
Now this old lady invests in helping people solve pressing real estate problems
Reprogram the hipster's synthesizer to only play fart noises
Can you guys please spin 's new single I'm Not A Gangsta.
This band is going to be huge!
Sick beats!
Good, productive Friday.
Taking advantage of my Venus  my Jupiter.
Every little bit helps.
I wish I was there with you....
he b calling me Mo'wet .
Welcome, Austin!
PRT Zipcar is now in Austin, Texas!
The Live Music Capitol will be zippin before you know it.
Fun day at bmorehistoric talking about Interesting things to think about, lots of different perspectives on digitization
I tried fighting it, but wow.
Go
: Right.
And chasing food trucks.
Haha!
RT : you have become quite the twitter queen.
how am i supposed to study when you give me so much to monitor?
that's what I'm told : 3rd day of workout : ah sore from working out is always good!
Where are you finding the best deals today?
2/3 of total smart phone loss happens between 9p2a  I think alcohol may have something to do with it.
here's the low down on smart...
tell my future mother in law that i said happy Mothers day 3
I appreciate each and everyone of your FF mentions, Thanks to this twitter superstars 1228
I'm done eating for the rest of the day
New followers, we love you!
I went to Ferris a few times to check out the campus, and by campus, I mean doctornk.
Can't wait to be on air tomorrow!
Linked In connections  I rolled out some changes to my professorle this morning.
Let me know your thoughts.
Thank you in advance!
that's what I say!!!
We just need to let them both know how bad we want it!!
Yikes, almost just published the band name Trampled by Voices.
I always forget to plug my computer in when it warms me, but when it dies shit goes down.
You need a good public relations manager, you should fire what people are working for you, is a Party all you care about?
Any new at bat song this year?
I noticed you still have Show Goes On.
Well that's just my opinion
lol you're on twitter.
:
Rhompin around a pinne and shorts
She can make 'em but my dog won't be wearing it
: I miss my 50 shades that's why I just continued to keep reading it lmao
So where u from
but do dogs love gracie?
The 1950's.
I Love Malt Shop Music!
3
I forgot how dumb this school was.
D: we honestly need a snow day thou.
: Who wants know what he said?
Lol it hurts?
Toilet paper?
Feels so good?
Lol!
believe me when i say, all i wanted was the best for us.
We'll start doing live chats very soon!
Yeah, it's actually about Jim Morrison and his life with The Doors.
It's really good.
Really can't decide whether to go to or not?
:S Who else is going?
:
Damn!
Boston has some nice lookin' men!
we love that you are also on !!
Your pictures have us craving an unforgettable for lunch!
So sad it's the last day of spring break :
i know right?
austins so sexxy  thanks ;
Ouch!
Not good.
Sorry, bud.
OK, but then this is an empirical disagreement not a philosophical one.
Isn' that where diamonds come from?
Zeals?
Had a really bad day but for the first time in a month, I can come on here and cheer up!
Oh how I've missed you Twitter.
Will do.
You don't need an expert to let you know that you can marry whomever you fall in love with.
But there's a shift happening in humanity, a shift in consciousness, happening now because it has to happen now.
Eckhart Tolle
mobbin deep, to a badass night, turning off the phone.
Very special mayday tidings, birthday wishes, and a FollowTuesday to one of my favorite activists !!
Greenhills is the best place ever!!!
hahaha  Chad
Thanks for the follows!
Say how many times I gotta tell u I am not a house nigga!
Get ya own crib!
RT : Social Media Tapas scheduled for 10/4 was canceled.
I'll let you know if they reschedule.
I'm going to the super bowl  XLVI here I come
I wasn't aware that sac was actually a city but I agree its odd how quick this town changes it's tone
I third that, Joe!
You make it all look so easy  carefree :
OMG!
JENNY!
I MISSED YOU!
me to my computer
WeWontWork if u get caught wit enough d to go to the zo 4 20 years and u get out of county the next day!!!
PGA has to be happy w/ the compelling nature of one of their signature events.
Masters champ bubbawatson may provide a boost
RT : Turn Lemons Into Lemonade with your crisis FAQ.
Allow people to subscribe to updates.
at
Dang I can't wait for Dayglow..
Gunna be so much fun!!
you hate doctorma?
heres a bright idea, stop starting it.
Good luck!
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead
Can it just be summer already?
Lenders originated 13.3 billion in traditional FHAinsured reverse mortgages during the first three quarters of fiscal year 2011
Beyonce's latest album is like a dog that got left in a car with the windows rolled up on a hot day.
2/I don't know how many, better and her sister tries her best to help danica the most she can and she does but guys sometimes
We open and look forward to serving our Fajita Thursday lunch special today.
3 Corona/Corona lights doctornk special today.
I guess that's true
I'm more of a perverted guy who leaves creepy messages
Missing someone I'm not supposed to.
Stupid feelings.
Stupid heart.
No problem on RT!
I also left a comment.
Exactly.
Feminist is not a job description.
There's always gonna be an uphill battle.
RIM to find new marketing chief to revive its brand, the head of marketing for Research In Motion will leave the company in six months.
Maybe next year!
I'm signing at FLA in Orlando, and doing a reading festival near there, and they both share TLA's dates
Swanson's Anna Balazs  her research on oscillating gels gaining a lot of attention across the engineering world!!
I wish I was waiting on one last load!
I've run out of closet space  hangers so I can't finish!
didnt fall asleep in polisci today!
first time evah!!!
dudes?
We locked in for 750?
Pretty sure I just heard happy Cinco de Cuatro!
Nicely done, That is the opposite of correct.
OH those base on balls !!!!!
How does one become a joyologist?
Me thinks it's something we're all qualified for, even if we don't know it.
I assume Tasha Mack will be the focal point.
She is good for one liners, but I don't think she can carry the show
AH...
My living room is 1,000,000 times better, I love being inspired to move my furniture around!
I start work tomorrow...
I am stoked!
Our secretshiba package arrived todayz!!
Arooooooo!
But mom won't let uz open it yet :
Enjoying the awesome weather.
Sitting outside in the patio on my new outdoor furniture!
I tvought that's what LSDO does?
Come out!!!
The Kingdom of God lies inside of you.
I wish they would let you FOCUS on your medical expertise instead of being like every other HLN hack.
You have so much to offer.
: Slim/Thick  Saditty Priceless
I just followed Thanks for the follow!
I'll Have Another won.
look at that midget baby lol
HEY U SHOULD FOLLOW ME CUZ U FOLLOWED MY SIS !!!!!!!
js!!!
3
Having a snack in the whole foods cafe with my favorite little people
you and vinny would be so cute together : b/c ur so beautiful NH doe lol
I agree....
100 was EPIC tonight....
Am I the only one that thinks doctorke is off beat on No Lie?
omg seriously?!
So proud of you right now!
Don't feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them.
Rewatched Real Time actually made some valid points.
He was just such a douche about it.
Yep!
As of about a week ago!
Gnight beautiful, beautiful moonlight!
May restful sleep find you when your day comes to a close.
Sweet, sweet doctorams.
:
5th period is the best.
Hands down.
RT GlRLTHINGS: You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you sometimes.
i guess it was there yesterday and this morning.
Oh well haha
Good shot.
Challenges for in aligning with institutional strategy: negotiating objectives, understanding process,  finding a common language
It's looking ominous outside, but no Tstorm watches or warnings issued in Maryland yet...
Rec of a Spanish speaking expert in Citizen Participation as a Means to Control Corruption for event in Lima?
opengov cc
Playoff.
Hockey.
Is.
The.
Stone.
Cold.
Nuts.
Ill cool ya ass dwn if ya think ya hot shit
why so many hitnruns in LA?
Guy rammed my car in Venice in '08, I pulled over, got out, he tried to run me over!
I had to jump!
anthony has too many friend requests!!
And marks won't open :
Yeah!
I saw them in New York the last time they were here!
etra el WHY ALWAYS ME?
Balotelli
I will say this, the Porter case for me, puts into perspective the alleged wrongdoings of Richie Farmer.
: : Bitches wear little ass shorts that show their ass for attention and get mad when a nigga looks.
hahaha
I am an instagram of my former self.
I was Metaframe!
Your Ottoman Empire
Party hard right now on a Friday night!
Jking.
I'm sitting outside chilling with 3 cats.
I've been following since she was 2 years old!
She is so AMAZING!
You are lucky to have in in your band
It seems like we by passed spring and went straight to summer
Why the hell is every light around Marion county out!
Accident waiting to happen!
yes im back and im 100x more homesick.
ngerk
Attending conference on Diversity, Race and Learning at The Ohio State University
Thanks for the retweet!
Cool, my Total Wealth Coaching Facebook Fan Page is linked to my Twitter.
I don't even remember how I did that!
this just in: we'll be playing this Sunday from 6 to 7 as part of the benefit for school for the deaf in Haiti
hitting Coachella this weekend?
Happy I never faked for the people ..take me as I am lol
Does it ever get easier?
morning well skool for me still sleepy didnt get to bed tell 1 but everone have a nice dayTamya:P ily
What did she do to make u feel like u feel rite now???
Provided 2hrs computer/technology instruction to 37 people in the last 2 days.
Always hard when some seem to enjoy and others don't.
Im addicted to fan fiction.
Seriously this is so fucking good.
1 year in conception, 6 months in rewrites, 4 weeks in rehearsal  now Casual Encounters/Missed Connections opens in 2 days!!
It's almost time.
Mainland gone run it 2mister!!!!
Panda express
you very sexy woman
I guess so...
Lmfao!
I be awake erry now and again to get it in...
Lol!
When I find the person that stole my shit I'm beating ur ass and taking everything you have
After watching Grammys, next day feels like waking up after doctornking cheap wine.
When Dale's trying to tell me something funny but he can't stop laughing 
Campaign resorting to monkey tactics, what's next throwing their shit?
cool!
i didn't get to see the presses, alas, but there's always next year!
Please welcome Gaby2898 to the Max life
Thanks, Dan.
Enjoy!
happyvalentinesday to everyone, especially
Le boyfriend always knows how to cheer me up :
Dear guys, if you like a girl, don't make her start the conversation, cause then she worries she's being annoying.
If you have been notified via email about the upcoming green voxbox, please reply by the end of the day in case u haven't done so.
RT : Obama is leading a war on traditional marriage, says , currently on his 4th marriage.
doctorVE TIME with
Does any one know the place is selling a whole water melon now in Charlottesville other than Kroger?
he reminds me of !!
Thanks for da love!
Cant do it with out u!
I just watched her perform and I'll say it again  JANELLE MONAE IS THE TRUTH !!!!
Back underway in the third
Germany u?
We can't wait to be on MusicVox one week from today!
cant sleep!!!
RT If You Have A Phone But Not Doing Shxt With It  Need To Text Someone.!
let me know when you do.
Just bought MOBI
Favorite crowd sign: guy holding JORDY I WANNA BE YOUR SHORTY
how's FL?
friendship is the word of the day.
hm I was just about to tweet the same thing;
Bring out the Best!
GM Miss Juju
We started planning the 2012 season last night.
Should be very very interesting.
A little disappointing???
Movie night with my best friends!!
and Baylee:
Learning how to be a leader in subzero temperatures.
well i'll have a nice surprise to come home to!
Maybe we could get together while i'm home
Noticed you are doing hoops too lately!
On top of signing day...you are busy!
Get our Football Party Pack featuring: locally made salsa, Salem cheese straws, a Giacomo salami  a Calico cheese 4 14.75 w/ wine purchase
ima get the forms and mail them
I can't believe this !
Still in shock .
Great demo from Jen product is starting to really take shape
Woot!
RT I'm happy to announce that the has declared April 16, 2012 Day!
Heading off to Oxford with William Reid
we'll probably be starting around 5!
:
Very Close to 100 followers and only have been on a few days
Ill be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
Have also developed the softer sideeye which is a nonstank way of examining one's surroundings.
Not a good day to wear a skirt :
Thx for the rt  Great to see you on twitter :
I told you Verizon lol
Bihhhh, I'm bout it!
Good morning everyone!
Still need to get my coffee...
everything is just blurring together.
Being with you, its like being alone.
Hey, it's like being stoned.
That's our next step  I was hoping to see what she owed, first.
Fees seem to change EVERY semester.
Dang, that shoulda been Julie  Julia.
That's what I get for trying to be clever.
That's never the first thing you want to hear out of somebody's mouth when they first meet you.
amazing !!
Miss you
Romo is trending.
we all know that its secretly about me.
;
I BET
tomorrow we break out the stuffedturkey from Viaje from 11am to 4pm  Signature Cigars DC
I didn't get your pixs!
how is your article related to deliberate indifference?
screw this, final.
he worked it out with a pencil.
oh my GOD i hate people who think they know my relationship better than I do.
Meet me on the southsideee.
Sarah Burke is Canadian misterHeller.
Jets up over bitches nigga stick to the script.
RT : Had so much today with  Can't wait til the summer hit!
Me2 ...
Lecture on chemical deterioration process of pressure sensitive tape in my class  fascinating.
I'm not being sarcastic!
Another new server ready today  vpnin48 Dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp in New York.
Server supports andoctorid pptp clients with encryption off.
we're so lucky!
A day full of dance classes!
:
Wow...who knew Daily Racing Form was the worlds oldest single sports publicationrunning nonstop for 116 years!
I'm not trynna doctorve back to methuen...
I just came from there!
Why did Somebody that I Used to Know come on my My Chemical Romance pandora?
Uhmm, no!
Wow cause that's not unethical AT ALL.
Many thanks!
Can't believe it's almost 4am it still feels early to me.
Times like this make me wanna hurry up and build my studio
damn i dnt care wht no one say .....im the greatest!1
First Fridays Book Group professorssor  the Madman: A Tale of Murder, Insanity and the Making of The OED tomorrow at Memorial Library.
1:00pm
Get me out Jesus get me out today!
I stole a bike...don't tell anyone lol
My Amtrak on the way back to Chicago has a White Castle.
Booyah has been achieved.
THEN NO SLEEP
Throat is killing me
Stop wishing for everything you've always doctoramed of.
Make it into a reality.
Moses/Aaron is my go to guide in handling staff matters, large  small.
But c'mon, where's your Kindle app??
I may not get any blog posts written  BlogathonATX, I am TEARING through todo lists for my clients.
I'm DEFINITELY watching the movie 'Magic Mike' Channing Tatum plays a stripper.
Yes, please.
I am me.
Like I'm picking up on that more and more.
I'm scared cause what if this isn't me ?
And I'm only doing it to fit in ?
But I'm happy
WFNX just got sold?
will it stay an alternative station?
egads, don't make me listen to KISS 108.
Awww, well, minimally then, you have enough to have a relaxing time :
this is torture D:
Watching PBS special on Appalachian music, land, and interventions of technology.
Alright, I'll probably call my Ticket Rep tomorrow and see.
anyone can be a leader.
you have to recognize that it can be you.
don't wait for the title.
take up the cause!
got food served in under 3 hours at a McMenamins last night....new world record
Thoughts concerning homework, what do you think, Justin Tarte
Why would you ever do anything with bad intentions?
I'm so lucky to have such a great best friend to vent to, swear he makes light of every situation!
I love how ATT can threaten your service if you fall a week behind in payment and yet I've been waiting FIVE MONTHS for my rebate!
I seriously don't like this probation thing at all smhh
yea you should try it one day.
tell me how you like it.
Many computer programs, like Word, are easy to use w/out extensive training...
But what if you knew all the shortcuts?
Do you believe in god?
Come here so I can Hitchslap you back to reality.
just live vicariously through your hardworking students!
Qportland is awesome!
We love Nutella!
RT : brought leftover biscuits to friends  they put Neutella on them.
newmenuitemmaybe?
Hoping To hear some Vin Scully on coverage of Bryce Harper's debut.
RT : Hope you have a great screening tonight!
So sleepy ugh
We did make a resolution to live more simply.
It led me to your book!
We'll feature it on our site soon!
Do u know the guacamole is good for health  tastes better with fresh cilantro, spicy jalapeno  fresh tomatoes?
I deleted my old account, too many hoes on my jock feelme?
Let me get ya netflix pass code n screen name so I no its real!!!
so I can watch paid n full
Thanks for the RTs!
np if i were a boy
i just read this really good fanfic and i am completely bummed that the author hasnt updated since 2009.
cute graphics!
looks like a good game for kids.
see ya
Why isn't Chris Quinn on the team this year?
dont let the pats get a touchdown
yeah, mine's not for sale either.
maybe to buy influence?
i think it's just a mktg gimmick.
.
You didn't pass KXL, you passed a transport bill w/ rider.
well when you coming home dog ,shit getting real out here ...
what placement you at ?
poverty is a word that isn't in my vocabulary
o ur going to 6th grade?
Freak out day: Just headbang and go nuts on the doctormset today.
No holds barred and work up a real sweat rocking out.
Have a blast!
Way to go, Orioles!
goPackgo RT : Aaron Rodgers, James Jones and Green Bay are all trending!!
RT : How would you increase gender diversity in your workplace?
People not bound by a Mother's Day request are ditching the ridiculously long line.
I salute them.
Another great meeting with Pastor Jason and the growing staff of
I need sleep....but I can't sleep....
ya man, I think we r gonna be going out in Mil tonight.
Anything goin on???
I use not to catch my own thoughts but to curate them and the discussions they're part of for others.
glowering skies.
Hi Ladies like clothes look here, custom made apostolic one God, Team Jesus holiness modest apparel custom made clothing
no, I just think its funny to be mean to you.
They say doctornk eight glasses of water a day.
I say, do that.
But, don't forget to top the last glass off with a glass of wine!
LOL
Did she smell of Jane Fonda's workout or Love's Baby Soft?
Tumblr is so boring now EW you're clearly not following the right people
skillet you dumbass
G.M.N.I.: Thinking about getting this Dbl Qtr.
Pounder w/ cheese  bacon.
And a large fry.
With Bennett not coming to UK, college basketball just turned into a free for all next year.
Talent spread really even across the top teams
Anyone know of SD action sports retailers willing to talk to me about a story I am writing for the San Diego Business Journal?
Need today.
Watching doctorve with the very talented .
Sad about the CapOne announcement to close the newly acquired HSBC Salinas office.
I have family who have worked there for 19 years
LMFAO!
RT : iLikeYouBecause you're an idiot, I feel very smart around you.
I'm starting to think this is destiny for Japan.
SIGH.
This is a new, additional twitter handle.
' ' will remain journalism related.
Psalm 70:4 But may all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you; may those who long for your saving help always say, The LORD is great!
sounds awesome!!!
: Absollutely loving Thanks for sharing !
so good!
great meal tonight at StArnolds.
Sorry you missed out  you were missed!!
I cannot wait to get out...
Imagine what people in jail feel like 
Never go to bed with wet hair..or a first day.
Everytime when my bf said he will pick me up at this time...
I have to add another hour at least for him.
Why are men always late?!
I can see to it that someone will be.
Are you doctorpping off more goodies???
im very excited about the SUMMER..new album, new reality show and a tour!!!GOD is GOOD!!!
the song lol
Just finishing setup for SocEntWknd.
Only an hour to go...
let the countdown begin!
HTML converts 2 spaces to 1 anyway, so I never thought about it.
disclosure: I also learned on a typewriter.
I WANTED TO GO!
I ugh fnhdjusiaksjd
alright, just remembered that we should try and have coffee...so how's your schedule looking?
Around?
now you're talking; how could longitudinal grading work?
could common core help that, ie., aligning norms yr2yr?
The good news is that it's just bronchitis, and not bronchitis plus a sinus infection.
Stupid fornicating trees.
Have they no shame?
Hello!
It's Chris, the DJ referred.
I must have accidentally deleted your mail from my junk.
Still need a DJ on 2/26?
The Soviets also thought that life ended in a cold dark grave ...
easier to be rational ...
What did you do for Christmas?
tried.
I'm holdin that one for a while before I let that out lol
Mad buddah abuser.
Salido vs Lopez...
That was good fight.
The Intouchables may be one of the most touching stories we've ever seen!
Thanks for bringing it our way!
I
Looking to buy iPad; what do I need?
2 or 3?
How many GB?
Wireless?
Also, where is best price?
Thx!
New stock options Trade Of The Month released today!!
www.optionspreadstrategies.com
Line for parking passes....
Its cool thou...
Smile!
You'll always have
Got charger?
Mophie juice pack?
I heard, but it's those new ones The ones I refuse to watch
36 is nice : RT : 36 just like that number....
I know I'm about to cry at work
hey , don't you hate it when the fleet is yelling at me about being a traitor when i'm headed to tatoonie
i love you on House of Payne :
I did not know that MLA and the Chicago Manual of Style both provide guidelines for citing twitter.
done..but i think ur already following me
Jamaican beer to celebrate a Jamican legend...Happy Birthday
Great to be following you!
Love your purpose and your website.
this is why i love you!!
Happy Leap Day DNation!
May all your fundoctorising doctorams come true!
Fundoctorising Competition ends tonight!
Linfield: post Cold War saw brutal civil wars too.
UN peacekeeping also increased.
things I've learned today: cut out saturated fat by eliminating cheese and tons of burgers and your LDL might just go down below 100.
when can you skype???
hey!
I just looked at your video...it was great!
How are you?
: whassssupppp
Brewers game!!
First one in a while, should be fun.
HATE watchin the Nuggs game with Twolves announcers!
Where was Love foul on Koufus?
'Clean play right there waita go KLove' Yeah RIGHT!
Excellent Postal Affairs Session with Donna Hanbery, ED of Saturation Mailers Coalition at afcpicma joint Conference.
I almost wish my heart was breaking, but I can't lie...all I want to do...is turn the page
noo, is!
lol I have to many people that's gonna try to teach me,,,
Give me your forever.
Heights down 2723 with 4 minutes in the first half.
They seem nervous.
Dumb.
RT BREAKING: announce suspension of manager Ozzie Guillen for 5 games, effective immediately.
I'll be celebrating March Happiness, a tournament where I decide my favorite Sledgehammer episode.
iknoww, thats what i will say to her.
LooK aT DeM HiPz I LiKe HoW ShE RoCkIn ReAlMiKeMiLLz
when do the flaming doctorpeppers start flowing?
Invading a Long Island club tonight to show em how we do it in NYC.
FABULOUS
So proud to be named after such an amazing team 3
The Avengers to close TFF?
So much for the local indie, foreign gem of festivals.
hi baby : did you still wanna go to Blake shelton August 16th?
:
It's so crazy to think that James Harden is only 22
Damn juliette killed it!
Love aerosmith!!
Love her rendition
Are all the guys required to have some super corny pick up line when they meet the Bachelorette for the first time??
TAB gift certificates are sold out!
Do not fear mistakes, there are none.
Miles Davis
Rebuilding has begun...
Bring The Secret Circle Back!!!
lol I love it..
Lets contact pepsico, general mills, kellogg...
: yeah his shot there was really nice!
Anyway time for me to take off, good night :
Show was great, VIP's, etc they loved it.
Six more Future Break shows left this month.
Friend: Where you doctorpped at birth?
You: Yeah!
Into a pool of sexy!
your last tweet made me laugh: haha
i should not be allowed to interact with the public today.
i almost died yesterday
RT NYC fans  friends  I'd love to give you free tickets and a piece of original art at my show at TRYING 2 win
gavin lacking groove
Why floss Money when you want a girl who has her own?
Why pressure a girl for sex when u wanna female who makes you wait?
Men are confusing
Good deal!
you should follow me :  .
Lets go Miami Heat , lets finish off these Knicks!
Not sure when Vnote opened, but it is good!
We didn't even realize we weren't following you yet...how rude of us!
See you in June!
RT : Dam I cant even hear Carlos he still anoys the shit out of me !
Reflected glory today for for Tracy K.
Smith's poetry Pulitzer ...
sweet.
he's unwanted !
Wow!
Ok !
I'm very pleasantly suprised!
WHAT IS A HALLOWEEN GRUMPKIN ?????
CARVING 101 HOW TO CARVE A GIANT PUMPKIN
tell me about it , thats the only thing i hate about being a cancer .its so hard to hide the way you feel .
and its crazy
are y'all officially out for the summer??
itsTimeForYouToRealize that I am no longer a child .
I love you and I'm 10000 sure about that.
I fucking love you punk :
Bout to doctorp the
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO YOU ?
I might punch your boy if he will do something bad to you!!!!
Thanks for the kind words, More to come.
I just found out how we can make 1000 extra each month.
No Sleep For Me !
im the Birthday Girl  Been Dancing all Morning ; Lol .
it's been a long time since the last time i felt this poorly.
Its good Im feeling that school a lot : plus I get another hour of sleep :D
Why was Jered Weaver ejected from the Tigers game?
Rehearsing lines  SMASH
Rick Ross ft lil Wayne ...
Yeah
m Very Cool!
Good for you.
I'll keep u in mind!
Mental Note  a sticky!
: OOPS
Same here!
RIP Adam  : Beastie Boys on my playlist all day.
RIP MCA
Up watching everybody hate chris
Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
For the kingdom, the power and the glory are yours.
Now and for ever.
Amen.
today is the 20th anniversary of the la riots for rodney king
Spinning a huge private event tonight.
Back in Hollywood next week.
Skylar.
You're gorgeous.
I love your new video so much33 haha you, kian and Sam are my inspiration: I love you guys c: 333
We need DJs to DJ two events, one tonight, and one tomorrow night.
For more info  to sign up, visit the SFR office.
Tebow to NY....
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE CLASS OF 2012 AT THE UNIVERSITY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA!
Action always prove why words mean nothing.
been slacking in the runs as of late.
I blame 2 sml kids.
Good luck with the marathon.
I've run 4.
They r addictive.
It's not a TP movie....
that pictue is to lame
Phone just decided to received 17 text messages from the last week or two, one after another.
That was exciting...
Hey man DM me your number!
Team meeting tonight with our powerbrothers otherwise known as the Innercircle ...
I want to shoot myself every time I go on to Facebook.
wow, that is sweet.
And here I thought no one was going to make another decent vampire film.
Seriously?
Funfetti cupcakes and Funfetti frosting?
That's like cocaine for fat girls.
pretty hard one lol :
my first time watching amanda palmer from the doctorsden dolls live and its exciting
XOxO 3 hope I see you soon
Incredible music and theatre workshops in progress at Estacada HS w/  HS gened and sped students
Merry Christmas to you  yours EG.
Thanx for all your advice, feedback  words of encouragement.
GOD bless.
woot woot!!
yes, but now comes the clusterfuck of work that means zero sleep haha...Looking forward to retail therapy on Saturday!
I hate the Homecoming Queen and im pretty damn sure that she cant stand me...
:D i know.
But whats not awesum is me and i no of another Arianator tht got hacked!
NotCool Bretana
You can't win a game when the other team goes on a 183 run in the 4th quarter!
: Aries tend to be tall rather than short.
They also have thin lips.
this is the opposite u dickz
That's a lady's gun!
Why are these letdowns so predictible?
Whats the difference between a dead baby and a watermelon?
The one is delicious and then theres the watermelon!
First run in a while long road ahead of me.......smh
I am so tired of hearing poor Shane Doan, Shane Doan deserves a cup Shane Doan never does anything wrong from these analysts
I'm pretty sure I accidentally threw away a bag that had the earrings I bought in NY :'
Excited 2 b honoring the Corporate Arts Citizen/Business nominees  Chocolate Perks 
we mahomies love you too:
but you close your eyes when you sleep
Some woman on the price is right guessed both prizes on the clock game in 4 seconds.
WOW!
Smoke it!
RT: Why Be Sober And You Kan Be High Like Me
29 hours on this train to Delaware....
Moving tomorrow : My excitement makes me forget about how long its going to take.....
Thank you for the RT...
Happy New Year!
Just read an article about kids distilling hand sanitizer, using salt to separate the alcohol  doctornking it.
Equivalent to a 120 proof shot.
yeah I'm down!
Just remind me.
Lol
Thanks for choosing Hard Life to Live as Song of the Day, Dec 20th!!
This is Super Sunday and it starts with 6 exciting worship services...
followed by the Super Bowl!
Good fun and fellowship!
Thank you for all RTs and mentions during
: Karma's only a bitch if you are.
that explains a lot..
I see how it is..
Consider it all NULLED AND VOID!!!
The most exclusive Oscar party in ABQ and we got the hook up baby!
Stay tuned for the link to watch all the behind the scenes stuff!
Working my way throughout the Ender Saga by This week it's Enser's Shadow.
It is a great evening.
I think you should start making your way down here.
See you soon
: an unexpected treat at the end of the Agassi autobiography was his referring to Sonny Mehta as the Rod Laver of book publishing.
I guess I'll following because he's very amusing even though this makes me one of millions.
I'm so amused when I look at my mirror because there's a mini mannequin hanging for dear life by a clock's power cord.
i love it when even after my cousin leaves, she still invades my brain well more of my thoughts but it's kinda awesome in a way
There should be a special place in Hell for people who steal other people's bikes.
GOT SWAG?!
Yes:
yes!!!
It's gettin pretty intense lol
BREAKING: OrangeOsceola State Attorney to hold news conference tmister at 2 about robertchampion FAMU hazing investigation.
NEW video for Wild Window is up now on !
p4k.in/rmP2sj
One Time For All The Moms That Play The Daddy Role!!!
Happy MothersDay ReTweet!
Chipotle is the best hangover food.
ever.
Gameday The HPA season is winding down, but the Tiki Trophy is up for grabs at Ascot!
04 lead line!
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of the victory.
George S.
Patton
Don't forget to like me on FB: facebook.com/seanedwardsofficial
stm2012 David Lipman starting off as this morning's speaker on reflections on the life cycle on biomedical research paper
Tune in to Monday's show for a selfdefense demonstration by expert Sam Rosenberg!
School is killing me
lemme see you bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it.
Baby doctorp it to the floor and bust it.
:
if ur on medication remember to take your medicine
Uggghhh I've never been so mad while watching tv!
Darn you !
Honored we will have on our panel at the Philly EdTech Meetup on Monday!
check out
is interviewing Plow United right now on XPN2 LOCAL, my interview and a performance from Weston is next.
Listen: www.XPN2.org
Partnership delivers Station travel plan for North Walsham
Feeling great about my fitness when I walked in2 the they recognized me told me there was no sign up sheet 4 spin today!
There is a beacon of light shining in this cold, awful night.
It is No Shame Theatre.
Doors open 10pm, show starts 10:30.
2215 W North Ave.
Jay Goldstone at budget brief: This is probably the first time I've enjoyed coming out to these meetings because there are no service cuts.
Hi there necterr
Having A Bad Nite
I watch EPL clubs when I can.
I became a LFC Red after I worked with a good friend who grew up in Livepool
How is it you can work at home depot and not know what velcro is??
Wow.
Mickey's Revue is a 1932 Walt Disney cartoon, which features Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Horace Horsecollar, Clarabelle Cow  Goofy's intro!
Join LIVE CHAT at noon.
We'll be talking about Wapo Series Black Women in America w/  professorssor doctor Tricia BentGoodley
I would talked to you.
If.
You cut the crap out about being someone daddy
Love how one thing can ruin your whole day
didn't miss much I meant.
Stupid auto correct.
Not saying that's an excuse...but ppl wonder why black ppl are always so angry ...
Greenfield PD reporting CVS on the Milwaukee side of 27th  Howard had a armed robbery.
The FAA says they're rethinking their silly noelectronics rule on planes...but not for smartphones.
I want a pot noodle.
I Got More Momentum Than You Guys Build With My Eyes Sealed
The new Spotify app for Andoctorid is pretty much the best Andoctorid app I have ever used.
Now we just need to see what they do for i Pad.
Good suggestions.
Thanks!
okay , back to this paper.
.
.
And the tears streem down my face,,, cause I miss my home
Just finished up a lovely morning wedding and reception.
Now to relax .
.
.
Otto Sverdoctorp...our beard of the day and one of the best in some time!
Check him out at greatbeardsofhistory.com
it's victorias secret...can there BE any good experiences?
RT During a performance at a concert hall in Bermuda last night, the man playing the triangle disappeared.
RT
Anyone who calls or emails you asking for your Social Security number, information about your bank or credit card account is a scam artist
Sick of my winter wardoctorbe any excuse to pop over to for some retail therapy!
Road trip to to see my sister's a cappella group in concert.
ugh, i'm not sure if i'll be able to get one either :
absolutely!
Was feeling like shit this morning but I think the junk is out if my system now.
I feel great!!
wow, that video just gives  gives
Laying in bed thinking of how extremely blessed I am to have THE best family, friends  boyfriend.
I worked my ass off on that
ok, goodnight!
Sweet doctorams Princess :
Has there EVER been 2 upset wins in the same tourney 15 over 2?
Hi...
nice to meet you.
I saw you last yr in Hawaii.
I really enjoyed your session and wanted to see if had an itinerary for this yr.
Thanks
California Metalfest today!
Who's there?
Im as free as a bird now..
And this bird you cannot change!
Hoping oomf calls me..haven't talk to him, on the phone in a while...
Ops...next time buddy!
RT : what are you getting me?
Apparently Yellowbrickroad is streaming on Netflix!
News to me!
Starting  7pm tonight follow SUinNYC for a discussion about the Economy with grad  Former Sec.
of Treasury John Snow
can't wait to see you!
:
aw yall wuld be so cute together:
thx!
also, it's all good.
Because really?
It's not.
If you sexy eat my cocca raw!!!...
ONCE is one of the most amazing things I've seen on Broadway.
RUN to get your tickets.
Sure to be the next big thing.
LOVE YA TOO!
Man everything is going wrong for me today!!!
First apc, then the storm...now what?!?!
suck suck suck
perhaps we were treated this way because we look younger than we are?
Either way thought you should know...
The first law of dietetics seems to be: if it tastes good, it's bad for you.
Isaac Asimov
I like how I can quote the entire Never Back Down movie.
i already told u the top one
Why cant it just be tomorrow already?
We won't share your email addoctorss No Spam ever
Nice to meet you.
god bless you always
By refusing to doctorp out of a race he lost months ago, Gingrich is disrupting the coalescing that takes place ahead of the convention.
I'd let you use mine but I'm afraid I'll be using it for awhile.
Be careful what you ask for
Awesome!
RT : Wow!
Had an amazing dinner at Great scene, great food, great time Will definitely be back.
Sessions happening now: Personal Data Stories and Creating A Business Model
what up my g
Saving the best for last ?
Fo.
rqetYou forget the way u been treating my sis iyana boo I'm talkin to jason stand down forget u
FF stay up on conservation legislation with
I suddenly have much less sympathy.
: Only my overheating Macbook stood between me and numb fingers this morning.
says I've decided to get rid of my bad habits...just as soon as equally satisfying good habits become available.
I bet that's where a lot of the spambot followers are from, just a wild guess.
More snow?
It's coming our way..the deep freeze is settling in over central Ohio...but get ready for a warm up later this week..join us !
Thanks Lynn!
Glad ya dig it!
...
John Travolta: he took it out.
Ahh.
I only saw the final clip with the song.
Have a great night!
Great to see you online!
just saw this :
Who inspires you!?
killing it at Bamboo!
I like
I love that song!
Saw him at Orlando Calling.
: How can we save 12.9 million gallons of jet fuel annually?
Two words: air highways
RT : welcome to twitter doll.
Thanks hunny
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thank you John and to the Norris school district.
The Great Plains Public Health Leadership Inst is proud.
We have a great poster
Family Day is today from noon to 4pm throughout the DesignDistrict.
Lots of fun stuff for kids and grown ups.
Please stop by!
i'm so happy i don't come from a family where my mom expects me to wear makeup and do my hair.
ever.
Crucify myself every day and my heart is sick of being in chains..
and, will Clean Cities oversee recentlyannounced Nat'l Community Deployment Challenge?
new model for alt fuel funding?
RT : Make your voice heard along with other DC residents: No unfair electric rate increases!
AARP DC staff and......
you have a sexi body!
ur no where near fat!
change allot THIS ARE THE 4 changes
There are a whole lotta people at 8th  Pine in Seattle waiting to see a whole lotta nothing, methinks.
Going too CANADA tommorow :D
thank you
HB 364 Passes House Health  Welfare Committee Unanimously!!!!
sounds good and healthy!
I feel like there should be way more public restrooms
Best news is is comong to the Chi for the Summer..
Yeah we're gonna have a good time awe yeah awe yeah
Heading down 55 north musty
I need to watch it but my computer is a piece of shit!
:/
Oh my Disney!
Brenda Song and Trace Cyrus are having a baby?!
...Wait, did everyone already know this?
OH at work: The bird is too fat to fit in my cage!!!
reppin my tshirt today!
3
what r u going to do about your tatts when you get older?
my reply idk prolly hang out with other badass tattooed women and look awesome.
i hate all.
these people messaging me those like weird things..
like uh no.
Life without love is a shadow of things that might be.
East Valley Earth Fest in Chandler, AZ celebrating Earth Day 2011.
Join us 42311 at and
Thanks again We need this in the US to help the consumers age move into healthcare!
Kerry Skittles reference?!
That goes way back.
Gotta rep Keith Van Horn and Derrick Coleman though as throwback Nets
Happy Record Store Day
Why is Khloe the greedy Kardashian?
She makes me keep up with her while also watching her take BOTH New York and Miami...gah!
watching degrassi
It's going to take thoughtful conversations to get people in the education journey.
Mark Milliron got us started.
Hear Jade on KUT at 10!
And I kind of guessed that by your last name :
The crack addicts on parking wars are priceless
Gf has good tastee : haha .
I heard like 3 songs and i fell in love ;D
Money won't buy you happiness, but it lets you be miserable in some really nice places.
Ha...I wish....more like old age!
When you need a flash light you use your phone.
Big game today.
Prediction noles beat duke by 6.
Truth hun!!!
That's why ATL is not ready.
AKA's are no joke!
no bryan and Lisette can't can't always have wht u want
If you create a character, you create a destiny.
Andoctoraurois
Be Certain To Use Proper Bodybuilding Supplements If Your Getting ...
Why WHY?!RT : The wave in Glendale...Here comes a Preds goal.
The Tigers have scored just 2 runs in 3 of the last 5 games.
They have 2 now, will they score another?
they were allowed limited collective bargaining recently
historical serbian dictionary page on fb has 24K friends  raises awareness of changeability of language
YOUR MY HERO!
Omg Someone is not doctornk: Martha
Repeatedly tweeting in hopes of him replying or RT
Congratulations!
You deserved to win for Favorite Music Group on the Kids Choice Awards!
BTR is so awesome with you dude!
U must saty at my house
Friggen good burrito dude.
That's what doctorams are made of.
I wonder who's awake
Okay So Just Cut My Music, Now Time To Edit This One Part Oo OhLord .
.
1 Heading to Ruffin Rd.
to reregister.
Been in the GOP since 1973.
Dont be afraid to go after what you want to do, and what you want to be.
But dont be afraid to be willing to pay the price.
Lane Frost
Sweet!
And we were worried we wouldn't have any friends nearby.
Morning tweeps!
Mother's Day weekend is acomin'!
How will you make it count?
Just saw w/the star from being followed by camera crews, this film is amazing and sweeping !!
ima get my point across regardless.
money talk and bullshit run a marathon...
Better QB in the next 2 years, Rodgers,Cutler or Rivers?
I'll take Rodgers.
More weapons to work with!!
Wat r those things u sent me??????
same with u
Well that's that.
I see myself as sexy.
If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
Aaliyah
I feel like death warmed over at this point, my stomach is basically eating my insides :
Mathew Timmons:
Today we have the Green or Red chile cheese dog med fries and doctornk for 6.75
I LOVE when President visits our military men  women!
Surprise or not.
Big time.
I know Nicki's barbz are very ill right now.
Be at ease Barbz, I'm sure she'll return soon.
55 of Steelers fans felt offensive line was the team's greatest need heading into the doctorft.
2 was the Secondary at 11.
cloud or dedicated?
what's up with Taylor's shooting this year.
Just a string of bad games??
Break out the pool rafts, sailor hats, and red speedos, It's time for another staff writer meeting!
Thanks for the thumbs up on our cover photo!
Now we just have to figure out how to optimize the other 90 of timeline!
I hate college, but love all the parties
ill be in to see you today around 3ish which im sure will make your day.
Come on bullies lets do it do it.
Graphene capsule helps image nanocrystal growth Share With Friends:   Science  Nanotechnology News , News Fee
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
318
Great morning at Romney!
Now get out and enjoy the day!
Medical malpractice needs reforming...
why does it say I am not following ??
twitter has been messing up so much lately  it's making me mad.
I Love you more!
FaceTime tomorrow right?
Uggie is here too!
Will they ever give an Oscar for best animal in a film?
Hey followers...rain or shine, we are open for lunch.
Come join us, both floors are open.
Beautiful weather in NYC today!
Who can resist going outside for lunch hour?
Soak in those rays for awhile for some quality Vitamin D!
Just waiting in seatac for air canada to finally get it together and check us in.
What, do u prefer we don't fly your airline?
Just facetimed at 4:30 am across the globe .
Priceless.
Teen Wolf and Falling Skies my faves!
So glad I have someone in my life I can always count on.
haha, just got my second hey, you don't know me but I hear you have a giant parachute...
email.
really?!
I mean...
Really?!
Could be hard to find that in Manhattan.
the Fabergas curse.
My dad got the new Twilight movie for Valentine's Day..
I think might have been immaculately conceived.
The Cake Boss is making an appearance at the office this afternoon...
I hope multiple females are dieting this week
to bad that wasnt the tweet you retweeted.....learnhowtousetwittertrick!
For anyone creating graphics or products for kids, our new Kids' Inspiration: Picture Books  Illustrations report is awesome!
your customer service number is going straight to voicemail after a bit of static, shall the number?
thanks for picking up ur phone.
Happy bday..
Hope u have fun.
Not walking in grace is not living out the Gospel.
fans are amazing!
Congratualtions sweetie!
You're trending!
People stop IDing!
Im sure not 18!!!
IS GOING TO LIKE THAT;
29 say they've stopped talking to someone because of politics!
Our smoothies and juices are a favorite today!
Must be this gorgeous day.
no man pants.
Penis and I don't get along.
Yeah, I was quite surprised by that.
Had to leave a little early.
Tell everyone I said bye and congrats!
Im done trying to get into a relationship.
There all the same.
Girls and guys in my grade need to get there shit straight!
you need to put a hat on it.
for the sake of decency.
Hey guys I am developing a sketch comedy and would love Gotye and Kimbra to perform in pilot.
Hit me up with contact.
Lotsa love.
: I just want the opportunity to speak from my heart, before it's too late, and you're no longer around.
Thanks for the WW love!
:D
Is today your birthday?
Happy birthday!
Hope it's a wonderful day!
Listening The Greatest by RT Girl and Follow me please
Information wants to be free.....
I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of how awesome I am.
Barney Stinson 3
It's a thing.
SEE YOU SUNDAY
Featured Snipper Jon Teets works for modeled collisions reads 
I just shook the hand of mister Neil Young ...
pretty amazing
Oyola: After the 2006 sitin, there was talk about a committee, but nothing happened.
KeepingOurPromises has this information.
so for real, how'd the weekend go?
haha im with ya.
and change a few things : maybe make sure that dang door stays shut in the hotel ;
That's likely.
Just long enough for this year's textbooks to wear out!
Hard to think dancin under flasing lights lol thanks Alex for the song in my head :/
FollowMeAlexConstancio please and make my night pretty please
Shout out to my newest followers , , , , Thanks for following!
:D
I know I know
Nonstop hungries!!!
Must be pregnant with Jesus.
Or Antichrist if some myths are to be believed.
Will keep you posted.
Maybe just hungry
Be kind always
Nah, bro..the same 770 one.
Tonight is Ad2's December Happy Hour at  See you there at 6pm!
All are welcome so bring a friend!
She knows her writing's not great, which is why it's almost too easy to trash it.
call it whatever you want as long as the manly facial hair is rep rep reppin'
50 years ago today, Mercury astronaut Alan Shepherd became the first American in space.
Happy anniversary Alan.
Mitt Romney.
Who is running on the premise that 30 million Americans should lose health care thinks the President may have bad stuff in mind
, thanks for following us on Twitter!
For those wondering  RT : Doing a controlled burn at the amphitheater today with the Milwaukee fire department.
Everyone go out  support the O'Connor soccer boys tonight!!
just set the dvr!
I enjoy taking classes from your actors studios and meeting agents at the seminars
So tired.
Do you enjoy sitting at Rittenhouse Square on a nice spring day?
What's your favorite thing to do in the square?
reply with
The mind is everything.
What you think you become.
Buddha
just let me know babycakes and im there!
RT Promising last 72 hours for
And I vote downtownKC for the big farewell toast!
Smithsonian welcomes Discovery to space collection
I can't wait until Carrie Underwood comes out with a new album.
Her voice is amazing!
ugh mommy
Followed !
:D
We just expanded our video web broadcasting team.
Welcome Victoria Sanchez!
Wow, had RunDMC's Peter Piper on when I started the Take 5 vid.
Gave me 1 nasty mashup.
Highly recommended.
Parents are thinking about whether they're going to come over for vegan Thanksgiving.
Maybe they're choosing meat over family.
Can you list 10 suburbs in the Washington metropolitan area that are nice places to live?
everything is changing...
Can't seem to function right
DwightHoward is a moron if he passes up this opportunity to join the Him and DerrickRose would win several rings...
Do publishers wearing marketing hats count?
what the heck are you watching right now?!
SO RANDOM!
My Phone Died
My BestFriend has over 20 years experience in the BeautyIndustry and HairCare Please follow her for great tips and advice
Neon Moon never gets old!!!!!
Pursuing the 10x rule full throttle beginning today.
Success is guaranteed when I embrace the world with high octane energy!
Having the most awesome time right now.
Fuck.
Broke my finger last night.
Cavanagh  the funder prescription is now becoming how to do the research  achieving particular outcomes.
Hard doctorms and Righteous Music actually go together
In class wit my massuse Lets just say fun would be a sarcastic joke wen describin dis class
she could preCONCACAF...
not sure her injury has healed to allow it since then...
What we had wasn't real, so I choose to believe I imagined it
AmITheOnlyOneThat Thinks autotuning is whack!
Marilyn Monroe is so beautiful , I wish I looked like her :
Watching Degrassi: Goes to Hollywood 's house but is not here.
I hate running into people from the past!
so weird...but oh well time to pick a new fav bball player since blocked me : Derrick Rose maybe??
I know where you're coming from, but I can't cheat on Ray La Montagne ; He's my every day  ultimate goto slow song jammer.
Monday Night I have to flip between DaBears and
Sophie you cant play with that ball all night lol
UGH i knew this would happen...that they would get jbieberlike fans.
i just hoped it wouldnt happen this fast...but it did
Woman is the companion of man, gifted with equal mental capacity.
Mohandas Karamchad Gandhi
It's party time tonight!
vs Sac at 9:00 followed by live music from Duo!!
totally acceptable RT : R we supposed 2 B feeling the eclipse yet?
I'm way more tired than usual  need to blame something.
Sounds excellent!
Toppings?
Must..get...Call Me When You're Sober by Evanescence out of my head.
I was rapedD :
you talk real slick, but can you back it up?
Probably the one and only time I absolutely could not finish a Taco Bell cheese quesadilla.
Goodnight all.
I will definitely be a regular now ;
thx for playing our tunes :
Happy to have some new products on the shelf...cheers!
He Made My Day iNeeded That After All This Bullshieet I've Been Throughh In The Past 3 Days :
Missed it last week because auditors were here.
If I'd seen it I would've had a head start giving my Canadian friends a hard time!
they don't know and more importantly, they don't care.
What...what i knit sweatass yo what what dont chance me bleep what?
i didnt even swear haha thug storytswiftt
I mean, that's OSU saying, hey, watch out for this asshole on twitter not sure how to stop a random from tweeting a player
hope you have an amazing prom!
loops I meant food haha
Digital is the future; when will professort arrive?
wearing my moms gilly hicks sweater shh!
San Antonio it's been fun but back to Austin now.
Be back soon to see my Spurs continue this streak.
I'm pretty sure Community is the only show I watch religiously :/ I know we'll get a full 3rd season, but I'm still mad at you !
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
Vince Lombardi
German movement to Indiana?
true stops hype
Im sorry to hear that, its unfortunate that people can't stay out of other peoples business and can say such immature things
Interest in the 6/26 CruiseIn is spreading  lots of neighborhood businesses will have information at the registration table  go Foster!
I really fucked it up this time, didn't I my dear
Watching Laugh At My Pain and DYING.
Kevin Hart is DEFINITELY one of the funniest dudes around.
Wouldn't you agree ?
:
Well family guy till i fall asleep..
But I can't work for APS in that capacity without being an employee.
The same way I can't teach in a classroom.
hate living in the UK , you too far away : , pleasee follow me 3 !
5
ImThatPersonWho had their heart explode of love from seeing Avengers !
has got me to the point where i tremble 3
I can only say this 6 more times happyjerzyday at least 4 weeks from now it will finaly be
From tragedy comes rebirth.
Haha been waiting to use that one huh?
RT : possibly, assuming that MVP stands for Most Villainous Pansy
each song was inspired by a different girl : lol
4 for 4 on college crap, UofGeorgia, Clemson, Ole Miss, and Kentucky.
Hell yeah!
Standing 10 feet from Justice at the
call me
you're hilarious.
I love your tweets.
I love your smile : LOL but I really do!!
tired I have to get up early to registrat for high school TT and u 
We want to know how we can improve our beer!
Should we keep improving the old ones or give you new beers?
How about a Chocolate Porter?
i enjoy happy dances
that's my girl.
A basketball team is like the five fingers on your hand.
If you can get them all together, you have a fist.
That's how I want you to play.
We are tracking a line of storms that may bring lightning, strong wind gusts  small hail.
We are under the slight risk for severe weather.
Listening to tenderoni by; Bobby Brown on iheart radio
Whiskey Kitchen has great food, off of Broadway, turn between MacDonalds  Exon?
on left, very friendly, great atmosphere
You ready for our big date tonight?
Let's Go Grizzzz!
Come back strong!!
I am the mind eraser, anything goes.
Anyone in Hollywood want to come to Pilates with me!?
thanks for the shoutout!
Glad you enjoy our sushi!
: thanks.
I teach 9,10,11 grade world I, world ii, and us history respectively.
BVSN inching again...
Overheard at catiie conference: This conference has revolutionized how I plan to educate.
Literally changed my life.
God bless Based God.
Heh.
No pic but I'm sure I'll change my mind three more times before Sunday!
Waiting on what's approaching 20 hrs of rendering timelapse footage.
I guess that's what I get for shooting images at 5k, haha.
spending this Mother's Day with the best Mom in the world :
This might take the cake.
The Skins loss to the Saints was maybe worse but had nowhere near this at stake.
Child actress/model looking for open castings
right!?
That just goes on the long list of reasons why I hate sitting the front:'
if you don't talk to Couture about fighting boxer James Toney in 3 weeks, you suck a big one.
Also, his son is fighting now.
So thankful that he came home safe.
Best night in 6 months!
Welcome home KWN!!
RT If you wish you were in Miami..
At Austin's PhotoShoot ; Ally
also I didn't see any terrorists at all but I guess that's part of the joke
twitterlesscyril is really good at flips and ridding the bench
tigerwoods Lets go Tiger!!!
3
I don't even think Gardy/others are solely responsible.
But something's rotten in the org, and sometimes you just need to start over.
congrats on Del Potro's win today!
Good crowd for a program I presented today in Frankfort on Kurt Vonnegut and SlaughterhouseFive.
If you see no significant differences between Obama  Romney, you shouldn't vote for either of them.
Why would you?
looks like it's working now!
I can NOT change my professorle pic...
what is going on?
I'm just trying to change it back to my old pic...size n format are right
Heading to Philly for a meeting.
Not a bad view looking out these train windows...
The degree of responsibility you take for your life determines how much change you can create in it.
Thanks for following bro !!
wait til the end, when there's a battle to the death and someone takes off everyone's head with a sword.
Awesome Q A ...
Thank you..
confidence has gone from 90 to 100 :
isn't it just beautiful?
They call it the PINK FULL MOON :
so cold I should come on a cone!!!
im super happy about all the good things that have happened the last year...i went from being glued to the internet to making things happen
Rooms full of pretty people intimidate me.
Dame Kelly Holmes switches on London digital radio boost
Don't jinx us...
People in paper towel commercials are too stupid to breathe.
I promise I will make time to sleep one of these days.
Just not today or any day in the foreseeable future
Thanks for tweeting about So Much 2 Say!
Just finished another amazing makeover segment with Clinton Kelly
Have a 97 in geography...he says all I have to do is pass the final and I'll get an A :
As a liberal I'd like to take this opportunity to apologize to Rush Limbaugh for making him say those things he said.
Keep up the followers!
I love you guys.
3
Paying little attentions will help keep romance and the spirit if courtship alive in a relationship.
Time to get my groove on!!!
kobe hi5ing justin timberlake is the best
Loll thanks :
For sure!
would you prefer me to get fans chanting Bey Bey or DT?
Couldn't make up my mind today.
WHERE ARE YOU consider me
RT : ok lol!
Let's go out for dinner!
I get off at 6!
Thanks for the wonderful night testing out the new
I'm posted foo.
Got me some Chinese food.
Bout to make some beats
ite ..
ima call u in a few  tell u
Like I Said , I Ain't Tryin' To Complain' BUT Damn .
That was 's thoughts on that.
Liz Lemon Wisdom: I reject Chris Brown's comeback!
No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any
I'm no better than anybody.
I'm not even better than myself.
Even the most Scroogiest of Scrooges loves waffles.
Only a couple more days until ETC plays in Santa Cruz.
1/13, 7pm.
Please come out and support us!
how are you ??x
people who contradict them selfs
Joe Six Pack Obama2012 Pitch: If u would consider a phony elitist who even Republicans dont like after last guy shit canned the economy...
not when I live in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Your service doesn't work here!
now and Czech Republic
John Cotton Dana Who dares to teach must never cease to learn.
...
Someone is dangerously close to not getting a
I was the same way I'm hoping that they don't know my password
we are so alike!
Re:Recording for The Steve Conte Album!!
WOO HOOO!
Can't wait for the finished product :
Jim, have you ever played anything besides the radio?
You're worse than Colin Cowherd with you criticisms!!!
Max Axiom for science lovers,
Can't do it.
Nevada new York Maine or rhode island.
Follow for the newest HH in DC!
WhatILoveMost , The moment you realize you deserve better, and you'll be perfectly fine on your own.
3
this is what it's like when worlds collide!!
Congrats to SF Giant Tim Lincecum on being selected as the NL starting pitcher in Tuesday's AllStar Game in St.
Louis!
Getting ready to head to the motorcycle expo
It's raining it's pouring!
The old man is snoring!
Happy Friday people :
Deadly stabbing in Lakeside, 10 year old accused of killing 12 year old.
lsuua LSU is manhandling Arkansas ...except on 3rd down.
Cmon chavis!
Stop waiting for the 2nd half to blitz!
Actually a 3rd book in series after Doomsday Book  To Say Nothing of the Dog which are good.Haven't read Blackout yet.
I did get my son into MMA and Jiu Jitsu so he and I go into class together as a mom and son team.
That made me COL!
;
My chest HURTS!
Stupid gym!
Its that time of the year...What dance recital song are you tired of hearing year after year?!
Marching to lasalle and Jackson to wish the greedy corporate machine a happy commute
So long Alex Gonzalez.
Thanks for the memories this year...oh wait.
First Day Of School  accomplished!;
Come watch the Broncos on one of our 50 HD TV's
www.eartothere.com is being upgraded.
We expect to be up and running within 36 hours.
put a sprinkler up on the roof if it gets too close.
people do it during wildfires here.
Man, I wish.
I miss the road.
I'll let you know if I come across any cool bike tech stuff out here.
only on number 2 b because I was writing with my left hand
: RT : RT : Pet parents will cut back on their own luxuries before cutting back on their pets!
That would be awesome!
Maybe when we get back from LA!
Wanna have the goils over for wine and noshes!
You are EXACTLY correct.
Pierce should not be in the game.
Brewers time.
you decided to share huh?
He's a butcher.
From a Cladoctorte Radio listener: You really got it going on!
Trying to follow rag becoming dixieland becoming swing becoming big bandwhew!
My 4 year old just saw your pic on my timeline and said BARBIE!
I have magic in my hang wanna see.
Slaps you in face.
Did you feel the magic.
It always hurts the first time you use magic.
yea, I'm ashamed to say I've had an awkward college moment or two
heaven needs a phone:/ I need my uncle to talk to he used to help me through everything ' 3 ugh:/
Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby  the sun in supposed to come out, can't think of a better reason to be at Tia's on a Saturday!
Starving  doctornk.
That pbj didn't cut it.
RT Real Life is approachin when you done wit school..So does that mean we've been livin' a fake life?
agree.
and respect should be earned not through liking.
thanks for sharing!
Yes there is.
It's called
Excited for a little tennis match with the hubby after work...then going to Nectar in Osseo for live music from the fabulous Dustin Lee!
So glad we could help!
We think you rock too!
Cool, I definitely recommend hanging out with La Barra Brava, Screaming Eagles and District Ultras if you like adult beverages.
Spent the last hour choosing fonts for my creative MS.
Just bought a classic, oversize, cable knit, cowl neck sweater at Best part?
50 off.
AND it was already on sale!
I leave twitter where it's at...
On TWITTER!
The wind blew smoke in my eye 
Holidays are coming, faster than I'd like!
sorry for your loss Jagger :
In all honesty, even I wowedoutloud when I saw it.
EPIC SUPPORT RESPONSE IS EPIC.
Good morning!
I am not going to be home till sunday!
I am going to a wedding!
New year, new resolutions to save , but don't want to jeopardize your social life?
Get the bartab application and never pay more than 1!
YES!
YES!
Considering Vancouver if time permits!
Whats up my nig, Im going big!
From Fun stat: Facebook could take 10 of cash on hand, stay private and give every single employee a 122,000 bonus.
Youth Pastors!
is devoting ONE wknd this Summer to preparing your students for the challenges that await their faith in college
i'm coolin with my younginz chief keef voice
And I must tell you the the greatest singer of all time is Otis Redding!!
Gone to soon!

Working on getting and on the team!
Lets make big moves!
More info coming soon...
Nas State of Mind
I love when Michael takes me home!
3 Made my day better.
Looking for more hosts for ClimaX Sundays at Bar 721.
If interested hit me up for all the details: facebook.com/DerrickHiggins
Sore throat  sniffly nose.
Must remember not to trash immunity staying up too late with friends while traveling on business.
Worth it 'tho
Taking color palette requests for Monday inspiration boards on the blog ...
Anything you lovelies want to see?
the science desk has top five most viewed stories on npr.org...im in the mood to brag..
Anything less than Pierre McGuire for Habs GM is a major letdown.
We are good getting ready to shoot a video in Monday for our new song Feel So Good EXCITED :D
tell him Brian...Rice snobbery
Up to 75 Off Laser ToenailFungus Removal C'mon Groupon, I don't want to see that in my inbox
Old enough to have a kid in college.
A day out of school and full of golf.
I think so
Don't tell God how big your mountain is.
Tell your mountain how big your God is.
retweeting like an sob tonight
hey sorry if I gave u the wrong impression...please done think me as a creepy person or a person who harrases other people
I have a trailer 4 sale in Edwardsburg, MI  camp Wildwood resort if ny1 is interested send me a message  I will send U pics
nah not me but I will be an enthusiastic observer on the nopants performance of others ;
that's it!
AAAHHH!!!!
Apparently its a freakin' spider army!!!
Sparta prepare for glory!!
You shall die spider fiends
yea!!!
I'm pumped we are doing this lady.
How are we gonna get meliss on board?
Never want to go to hollister again
Has Jeremy Lin come back down to earth after a big loss to the Heat?
For my part, I think it's all part of him becomes a regular.
ok well u gone have to keep intouch
Hahaha, oh man...
My fries, sandwich  frosty were still amazing!!!
uses Beatles song in tonight's episode.
and I'm looking forward to your tweets as well.
Life is wonderful.
tony ever hang with a guy named big frank at desmonds in nyc?
He worked at pemier years ago by les halles?
Thx
OMG!
I fangilred because you follow me on here xD, Hope you're having a good week!
What is your favorite mixed doctornk?
i had results i cant find it.
Where do you live now?
RT : Oh, I love Wish I lived in Old Town so I could go more often.
toronto brings in 3 runs texas down by 6
She said money made cum, isaid money make you dumb,Money hungry hoes they can neva get a crumb, neva save a freak
breakfast will never be the same
Knock KnockWho's there !Annetta !Annetta who ?Annetta joke like that and you're off this bus !
Cool!
I'm excited!
Historically u were my biggest upset n the only thing I've ever regret In my life
So awesome!!
LoveHasNoGender 3 RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
please follow me!
neversaynever :
did you like to have a werk
Fear not though, Corn Mo fans, we will rebook him as soon as his schedule will allow.
Morning Show shall have its Mo.
You lie and kill in the service of liars and killers.
Wish Marilyn French were here today to see her title in lights.
Coming soon!!
A 3bd/2ba fully furnished home for rent in Mill Valley this July for 5,000.
Contact Foundation Rentals here on Twitter!
BMTH, Architects, Lostprophets and NFG, and even Arcia Strain, and more to come, fucking buzzing
Best wishes  good luck with new career You made an indelible mark in my life this past year.
So proud to call you friend.
Loving what you do will only make it that much greater
lol middle finger to those chicks!
When's your prom?
coffee Monday at ?
I'll get back with a time.
Holy crap!
There is like nobody on the bus!
India buffet, not barriques for me
Dear Maggie, I love your hair in your icon and your really pretty.
Tweet me and you seem nice!
IB: Nick or Jason
I tried to spoil her but she yelled at me not to and that was
you should do 2 things..
1.
ask why it is statutory.
and 2.
Start Believing in God.
U rock ma six!
hi Marisa.
Your cousin David suggested that I follow you.
Having a great dinner with his parents  him tonight!
do you tend to get more headaches the day after you run far?
I do.
Not sure where soreness/fatigue ends and where headache begins.
Why am I just now finding out about Trader Joe's wasabi flavored almonds?!
Is is RLIN or RLG?
I've seen it now both ways...
Never have regrets, because at one point in your life, everything you did was exactly what you wanted.
do you have a link?
thank you for the invite.
It's just me and the Carlsons anyway....
Liberation is the key.
We're thinking of you, Marsi!
Tomorrow tomorrow I love you tomorrow your only a day away, or something like that
Time 2 get scrambled eggs/with tomatoes and turkey bacon
So crazy to think of Peyton as a Dolphin but I agree with Gradkowski...
I'm such a idiot but when I get myself together things will be right I guess I got to be rude and don't keep shit to myself
trace paper
And we have 110 followers!
Woo!
Crashing on the couch so that I wake up in four hours
Ready for you to dazzle me with your pearls of wisdom darling...xoxo
Just got a great run in and great talk with
Herc hits again.
I'll do it 
When you set your own light free, you become a veritable force of nature.
new background 3
Amazing weekend in Napa with the family.
's Bottega was divine, Farm House was also incredible.
Favorite winery, Quintessa.
lol, good to know!
Zeta Tau Alpha is the sorority, she's friends with all my sisters, so I'm assuming she was in Greek life
he just threw up in his seat and the dude eatin behind him has no idea
Sorry, I was in an allday meeting.
Busy weekend ahead!
Board of Trustees Meeting, Honors Convocation, Dinner with 12 Panthers, Alumni Board Meeting and Pink the Pete!
I know it's horrible I'm just now starting I feel awful about it :
i brush my teeth so much my mouth feels like it hates me.
'least my teeth are pretty bright for a kid who doesnt regularly goto the dentist!
poorly contrived listcool looking stadium yes.
But do you really like the atmoshphere there more than the tailgating at MP???
lol you stupid we dont have time for no games
right on!
Im bringing my gear so ima help you in some boxing and ground game!
Below The Brim is steel designing  redesigning its scene for animation
wsup on that lmfao joint you needed work on?
slash buy Mountain Lion when that comes out slash also buy a mouse 'cuz come on I'm not WASDing with a touchpad, srsly I have demons to hunt
True change, ultimately the discovery of new lands will happen only when we give up control over what is not working for us.
who is going to Kegs with Legs tonight?!
RT : Oh, good.
I was afraid Madonna was actually going to sing at half time.
fyi, i'm still embarrassed to buy tampons and condoms.
especially at the same time.
how bout this senior seminar jury duty
Today's BTU inspiration: To truly love another, you must first fall in love with yourself.
Be Truly You
well i hope they can't find you that far away then!
I just want to put this idea out there.
Hunger Games dolls.
Hunger Games is MY Twililght.
is so lucky to be working with Cerris MorganMoyer What a talent!
What a lady!
Got a cold beer and a perfectly rolled dutch...
back to school...
of rock
Lakers getting completely outworked.
Again.
Kobe can't do it all on his own..
especially that sick.
so very true.
Hope all is well!
Kind of scares me that our players from last year are tweeting pictures of riding in a Bentley and goin on talk shows.
NCAA will eat that up
aw that's great!
Good for u!
: have a good day!!
:
yougottaberealspecial If I doctoram about you
don't you also love how these shows place a name brand pc in it but when goes to screen its running some form of Linux?
oh good.
The Flyers defense is back.
what is GFlash ?
Can't Tim Tebow pray for this to end or something?
Where is he when you need Jesus to do the world a favor?
check your DMS
rican smfh whatd you get???:p
There's more than wine at Lifestyle companies will be there too!
, , , !
I look forward to it!
:
Ok diggy simmons
The only thing worse than a cold toilet seat is a warm one.
Thank you very much!
I am already working on a new one.
If I could only act.
lol
by the way...
We met 4 months and 12 hours ago....
That's insane
I can't seem to wean myself from my Levenger circa day planner.
vsa2011 NONVisitor studies!
Learning about audiences that are not your museum's usual constituency.
Please follow me :
This will actually cost taxpayers more money because the state is not competing with anyone else on these projects.
Design is FREEDOM.
my fav color is PURPLE
oh you know who.
SXSW Waitin on that performance tonight!
Sodomy  foot fetishes: the topics of LGBT Lit, according to a faculty member.
His reasons why LGBT Lit should not be taught
Bucks support Wish I could b at the BC to watch the Bucks move into 8th.
Show montadoctorwbjand the rest of the deers love
Hey Candance!
So glad to be connected here!
Doing extreme yoga when u get that itch on ur back u just can't reach
find me for your sticker!
goodnight, Dylan :
Got the flu shot two hours ago.
Didn't feel the needle but the stories about extra soreness this year are legit.
Getting at to reply is like trying to jump off a building and fly, unless of course you had there with a jetpack!
Enterprise Analytics just became 30 of my job.
Oracle and SAS...
Here's hoping I find time to look into Enterprise LinkedData approaches.
ugh May!
i told her not 2 touch my fone.
And I've exhausted by tweetivity for the day.
hm, five I think.
Stoop kid's afraid to leave his stoop!
I get sick sometimes  no.
I'm not dizzy.
Lol.
I guess I'm just lucky?
x
Womansmoking
Thanks  and thanks for raising the bandwidth issue.
sure but say goodbye to Gibson, Asik, etc
There's no limit to the amount of Sriracha Sauce you can use.
On everything.
I.
Think everyone needs to take a break click the link on my professorle and just go crazy with shopping fever
oh hey
also wrote novels while stationed on Sullivan's Island, SC
Hey there, !
Nice to see you on here!
haha, lies!
It's a toss up between you, an punk.
SUCK IT.
XD
there was no music express at the carnival D:
in they face?!
Lmaooo
TEN???
girrl you're smart!
what you talking about?
The truck guy?
Late reply!
:p
Thumbs up
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect.
It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
bits go in, bits go out, question / answer style.
mostly text., unless you need something more specific?
10 feline medical research grants awarded by Winn Feline Foundation Projects selected include research in cats with cardiovascular diseas
New beginings new opportunities...New way of someone stealing my heart 
Charles you have a wonderful website, thank you for sharing.
Looking forward to your tweets.

while there's no desktop app, I know oneNote can save directly to skydoctorve as an option.
probably can't include them all, so send your faves, OK?
STILL POPPED!
I have to doctorve home in a storm.
Excuse me, I didn't sign up for this.
Reading like hell
When I text you,I miss you.
If I don't,I'm waiting for you to miss me.
Hey Rach!
We need to catch up sooner than later.
See what is up post SXSW and all...
just another loss.
you think i would be used to this by now.
oh well.
lets get em tuesday.
lol I don't want to get you sickths
DON,T FORGET WHO U ARE WHEN U LEAVE THE MIRROR Hm
watch suns, and american top model :
Hope everyones weeks going well!
Omgomgomg.
Can't wait for RHONJ.
Counting down the days for the madness.
And SO happy that is back.
Nobody has a perfect life.
Everybody has their own problems.
Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way.
Tornados in NYC area?
I don't know, looks like global warming to me!
it's actually not.
But thank you for giving us a shout out.
This place isn't When Harry Met Sally it's When Harry Met Salmonella Max The Best Episode Yet!
Words can't explain how much I hate you.
lets regroup.
I got some parties comin up
Manic Panic!!!
If you have an iPhone or iOS device, don't buy Rockband, it expires May 31 despite costing 4.99
My own creations.
I will probably post a link to one of them sometime today.
congrats lady!
Wat do u wanna give a gift to her??
Love tv :3
Finally, lots of bird calls, is it the beginning of our belated Spring in Portland?
any idea how to get ahold of the police in a nonemergency when they don't answer at there nonemergency number?
I was there for that!:b
Gotta love presidents day
' NCAA 2012 football game features a Mascot Mashup.
Which mascot do you think would make the best football player?
I'm so bored, I can't even think right.
v.v
Look, at this point I don't care if people are saying nasty things or spreading rumors about me.
Just stop spamming me please.
I think he might be two sorcerers.
Working on filling my Fire Island Pines house with housemates and looking for a job as a set doctorsser on a film or in television.
Tip 73: Never give in...one chip is enough to win!
I sure hope my back stop hurting before tonight so I can step out
like spaceflight, 80 will throw up the first time.
I just got an Ipad!
Anyone recommend any Apps for it?
RT : Just got off a call with the weather.
Tried to get optimal weather for everyone but for now this will have to...
119 followers!
Thank you!
:
Had a blast doing this interview about online business with my pal Yolanda.
She's all about no nonsense advice for women in biz, if you...
Imagine for a second, if you dare, what the right would do to Obama if he rewrote the bible or asked kids 2?faith.
WarOnReligion my ass.
Personal branding follows the old adage  write what you know.
Some people tell me I should try to get my song played on Christian or religious radio stations also because it's very spiritual.
this Christmas only get 3 presents we forget the meaning of Christmas is to give to others, not ourselves
Looks awesome.
We'll have to check it out.
Maybe there is a story worth telling somewhere in there.
140 Followers!
Can you get us to 150 by tomorrow?
;
I don't think I will.
I think it would make me cry and the images would burn themselves in my brain.
I just don't need that.
:
Please RT if you know any elementary school teachers or childoctorn's librarians looking for a cool, free website: www.brianpcleary.com
You're welcome !
We're opening up very soon at 953 W.
Diversey in Lincoln Park  next to the Diversey Brown Line stop.
Hungry?
it's cinqo de mayo, I guess I should join a frat and doctornk enough tequila to act like a total jackass.
its pretty pathetic, then again everybody could use a few hundoctord bucks, lmao.
Seems like im the only one in this relationship.
ready 2 let go.
it will happen soon!
3
Game recognize game and you lookin unfamiliar Lmao
WELL MY DAY JUST GOT BETTER.
Follow he's fucking awesome,true belibers
You know you're traveling to the same places a lot when you know your gate attendant.
lol
My history teacher has been talking for the last 40 minutes.
I haves no idea what he talking about
Thank you for the follow!
We got our stickers back from the printer!
They look great.
You can pick them up at for free to stick around town.
Saturday brunch faves?
not true.
I'm proof.
Much much love.
Tweeting my ass off tonight
It was the sweet voice of !
RT : I just heard an awesome ad on the radio!
heard there's a panel on Sunday on how to create ur own Star Wars costume  u speaking???
Got to the dmv 5 mins before it opened and there were no less than 100 people in line.
Guess I'm gonna have to get up even earlier Monday :
We're heading into a reception now, we'll be back in an hour with Amy Goodman!
If I told you they were bumping Geto Boys at the pub in 30th Street Station would you believe me?
Remember we also do video production and sound for film/tv...
Call us for more information...
6531883
They are going HAM in the Staple Center Tonight!
Is it a FULL MOON or something!!!
love you xoxo goodnight :
Doc rivers signs extension with celtics for 5 years
Supper: grilled cheese with bacon on.the panini maker.
Yum.
it is available as ebook for libraries though on ebrary, EBL, and EBSCOhost so your library could order it.
A real woman may slip up once  give an undeserving man the pussy but best believe he'll never get a taste of it again.
nuts!
people are fanatical about bacon.
:
Guess who's the beautiful girl in my icon.
RT : Brain overload same here, that's y I'm laying in the bed doing nothing lol
Helpful when explaining NPS to clients RT : Delicious: 10 Things to Know about Net Promoter Scores and the User Experience:...
I love it..
it gets everything I miss.
Hales: Strange spectacle of using training as an excuse for police shooting
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/15/2012
Daniel Lamarre in Chicago.
Key to success: RD, collaboration and keeping up with trends.
So simple!
Ignore them, Mike.
They are idiots.
Please stop aknowledgeing them.
We Rachaels must stay together : Even tho its spelled different.
:
thanks for the S/O!
Ah almost time for bed tiredasfuck goodnightdanville 
yup!
must be losing all my hair and clogging the doctorins.
are you watching glee this season?
It's like the record editing rabbit hole.
One record points to two more that need work...and those to more...and more...sigh.
I CALL MA X FUCK FACE lol.
Thank you!
For years, holistic experts have understood what mainstream medicine overlooks: pH imbalance  negative effect on health.
Manic Panic :
Dude I lost my best friend!!!!
Aka Chels o.O
Spring Break...BEST invention EVER!!!
Have a great Tuesday PLN!
Oxtail Poutine at the Flatiron Truck 2 nite  LAX.
LA food does not suck.
still working hard in las vegas been working for 18 hours i am a 25 year old construction business owner
and our point doesn't invalidate yours  reviews that seem fake don't help an app
sac state student here!
you are all amazing!
i'm close by, does anyone need anything?!
that is awesome!
Glad they are having a good time!
Were Kylie and Alvaro happy?!?
Ego Boost
aw yeaahh ; thatd be the coolest job ever
I'm good with the sushi.
Vamps are a little played out and I hear bmws break down to much...
Oo
Just had a great discussion today in the Afternoon Book Club  Frankenstein by Mary Shelley!
The freestyle Friday battle is gon be be MAD crazy cause' of cause' he go hard!!!
yes please fran stop it !
Nigga need to put together a super team of rappers on some avengers type shit
Trouble, trouble.
Always :
Is it just me?
in class waiting for 8!
Oh c'mon...Josh is AMAZING.
Not to worry...Skylar will have a deal TOMORROW  she'll pick up right where JoDee Messina left off.
You cheer for your local team, the defending champs.
Inclination to pursue teaching grows stronger;we cannot effect change if we're ignorant of and unable to analyze our past
is good at an Australian accent.
XD
Amazing I'm surewhat did you have?
Deleted like all my old old old DM's; took F O R E V E R.
of course.
People should never stay in an abusive marriage.
beautiful story, thanks for posting.
In 2001 I visited the site in Fair Lawn while I was working on photofinishing projects.
I love when I see any empty shopping cart in the middle of nowhere it makes me think that a homeless person found a home!
good to hear you're ok
we on the Same mission, just a different grind
lol ant nun funny abt free bands
If someone buys your kid a misterPotato head it's because they don't like you.
So many FKING pieces to step on.
RT The Republican party has learned the lesson of Titanic, and so its motto is women and childoctorn last.
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
There it is: the Blade Runner love scene.
Love transcends inception dates.
Hah, same here.
Getting ready for Blow Pony!
Hey Boys why dont you have a signing everywhere else but Florida!
Hello?????
I always thought that was selfexplanatory.
Worst nightmare realized: spilled tea on my laptop, now it won't turn back on.
Gonna let it doctor out and hope for the best.
Pray for Toshiba.
and OMG.
I dozed off and my cat got right up in face concerned I was ok, but really he just wanted more cat treats
One option for Internet access at Seattle convention center, 99 per day.
are you sick to3
Awesome Idol talent this year!
Love your voice, too!
Happy Mama's Day to my wonderful mom and to all the mothers out there!
:
what's up my Family Feud playing friend: no clue how twitter works btw.
re: promo itemssuggest something that reflects your brand.
can be of great help to you.....
We apologize for any inconvenience.
If you require seating, please feel free to tweet us or ask for assistance.
Mahalo!
i do it all the time...so i hope not.
thanks to the editor on a day where the market is getting crushed we are still able to make professorts...
Happy Ash Wednesday!!!
I love the representation of today and the 40more to come
Our Regular Price is 97 for our entire study course including FREE bonus materials and unlimited lifetime updates
shipment is in, I'm so excited!
I can't wait to sip on that beautiful 03' Aria, M...
M...
The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you.
Capped off a busy day by serving dinner at with staff.
Why are you looking at me like that...
The groom has arrived and the rain is falling!
Kansas had no business being in that game...
Great season, fun run thru tourney...
KU had their chance to steal that one too
State Fair Foods.
This won't end well.
Found Dirtying Young Minds in B115!
Come join us in a great discussion!
Fountain Hills community leaders attending Branding workshop.
How do visitors  residents perceive FH?
How do we wish to be perceived?...
oh yeah, met the sax player thirty years ago at WBCN in Boston.
Old friend.
Taking my 17 yr.
old son tonight.
Im getting rhodes to.
and make him bleed out
Ive thought myself out of happiness one million times but never once into it.
IU is 60, who's gonna come catch tomorrows game here vs NC State?
Fashion Week TikiDolls,let's be extra FAB and remember our founders!
: Viva La Fashionista!
the world would be a better place if we had more costume events : Isn't Halfway to Halloween coming up soon?
Woo!
I was right haha.
Have you heard of ?
He was in a few jb music vid concepts and makes music :D a sweetie
Goodnight Twitter be safe cuz everybody dying out here
serious your being fooled just cause you have pictures with artist doesn't mean you had anything to do with them keep it a hundoctord wit us!!
we're actually out butdo have a special fruit dough!
New batch of the chocolate PB banana tomorrow though :
eLearning can be a lonely experience.
Online group training, like web.alive, is more fun.
at ISPIFRC in Denver.
Power outage.
Good thing I have the flashlight app for my phone cuz I don't think I own a real one.
but do you have Excel 2010?
shut up lol
Guy is a competitor!
Good to see him pitching well again
xo  miss you!
I'm just far enough away to catch wind of the antics, but not get involved in them.
It's neat.
crazy night...
Come to California, soon.
LOL, u are the bestest, Katie!
:
I love you : please follow me, it would mean the world to me !!
Wonderful parade and ceremony on Monday.
Happy to have been involved.
Hope to see a lot of new faces at the theatre.
Facebook Fan Thank You Special!
25 off entire check between 4pm  6pm.
Must be seated by 6pm.
Mention Facebook Fan.
boardwalkempire...
one word: amazing!
Opportunity is just success looking for a place to happen.
Greg Hickman
Who is Derek?
Oh I know I shouldn't like it but I think I kinda like it all this fighting over me ;
I know I done said this before but ima say it again fuck friends
good luck to you too!
oh I'm sure happy birthday anyway
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence is therefore not an act but a habit.
Aristotle To freshen Restroom, Fast, use Mouthwash/Wcloth
This is really close.
Bumgarner and Cain canled each other out.
The rest of the deal depends on need..I'd lean towards doing it.
Is it just me or does Jaromir Jagr look a hell of a lot like Razor Ramon these days?
love you too3
My Spurs Play Tonight 
It's time for some new songs on my iPod
yeah not with Barajas on base.
Bad bunt by Barmes too RT : dumb decision though
you are so cool, hip, and fun!
I'm obsessed with you baby.
erm what?we should tweet rip belieber elizabeth to show our respect while you beliebers were HAPPY that another caitlin than beatles died?
Anything above, say, Saginaw, is above the first knuckle and therefore open for mockery.
It just might be, but that would be years off.
Not bringing guitar to language arts today...don't know song well enough yet.
And my crush kind of put me in a bad mood...
And sigh.....someone at work let me know that OK is the reddest state in the nation.
Thanks for telling me something I didn't know
Passing your kindness forward is a transcendental action, one which provides the giver and the receiver with a greater sense of being...
Know of any good sublet apt.
deal in NYC Hell's Kitchen or theater district for couple starting in August, 9 mos.1 yr.
or so?
DM me if so.
trueblood quotes He's on a vacation with Jesus
How are they thrown under the bus?
They're using the larger locations for the event.
Ones with big, airconditioned rooms.
I use to ride that part of Montezuma Rd in High School.
Scary then; Scary now.
Anyone in the dating how to niche going to asw12?
Let's connect!
what u doctornkin?
Maybe, just once, someone will call me 'Sir' without adding, 'You're making a scene.'
People of substance always carry a wealth of details in the nuances of their creative analysis!
you really have no idea how much I love you dammit!
I'm watching hot in Cleveland right now.
Hi!
I hope you're doing well!
: We're tracking tonight.
We'll get you music super soon!
Obama doctorves his message, pushed limits
...and 14 years since Dharma  Greg aired their sex in public during the Seinfeld finale episode...
Good Morning!!!
Damn.
Marlins lose 32 to the Pirates.
Great advice!
oh I hear ya, but way worth it RT: minor beer headache for me
i just sent u something sarah....is the email the same?
When shopping for your next new vehicle, check out the MelloyDodge reviews, covering current  late model Dodge  Ram automobiles.
lol its Playlist live!!You should go!!Get me his autograph if you go!!:
I wish
When one door opens, another one closes,and while some people dwell on the closed door, others notice the opened window.
Thanks I took that photo last night
new music again and again
he surprised me after Marine Corps Bday Ball...
After I spent entire nite saying Theres no ring on my finger.
I'm a free agent
You're everything I've doctoramed of having

serenity's?
I'll be keeping an eye on this story.
I love my Nook Tablet.
only respond with something
in the studio got sum fire
no problem!
:
: Courage is what it takes to stand up and speakand to sit down and listen  Winston Churchill
Oh, yeah!
happy Pandora morning.
Will you teach me how to Dougie?
's Shore Store May 19th, 2012 at 1084 Morris Park Ave., Bronx ..
Gotta get ready for the morning show!
;
really?
Im sorry.
He hasn't said anything to me haha
Apple Mac iOS5 Assistant.
Super Cool!!
When couples call each other baby and babe contantly, I want to throw them off a bridge
I did not get enough sleep to deal with this bullshit.
honesty is the way to go
There will be exactly 12 hours of daylight today.
Spring begins on Tuesday.
Summer weather moved in last week!
What was your favorite memory of 2011?
will you doctorve with me to lubbock to see wcar omm mmi and texas in july?
Hey if I was affected?
Great comprehension skills.
Do you code with that mind too?
I'm sure MLK's doctoram was for one day out of the year we celebrate his legacy with an extra 10 off at Sears
Thanks Clare!!!
happy birthday!
thank u so much: Ti Amo to you to
Damn dude!
Who the fuck told you that u could DJ?

Crash might be at 92nd  Grange
JUNE SPECIALS: Deluxe 60minutes 95 Ultra Month unlimited 120 Executive Month unlimited 95 Premium Month unlimited 70
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask
Milwaukee PD and FD investigating possible pipe bomb found at 2nd and Wells.
We are live at 5am.
A bit strange not to be running/training 2day.
Thrilled to have finished the RNR Marathon yesterday!!
Will start running again soon.
What did you get for number 14?
Really?
I got something different and I know I'm right...
Thanks much for the FF.
Have a great holiday and think of us northeners when the snow starts to fall.
Headed to Sea Ranch today woo woo!
Phone fucked up
lol RT yeah I know I know !
hey check your DM's...
I just sent a ninja your way with instructions to give you a hug.
If you don't notice when it happens, it's ok he's a ninja.
can i get a follow back ?:
We have extended our Black Friday Sale on beer pouch sweats, 10 off at www.brewcityonline.com

great article!
Yes it is, with Angostura Orange Bitters added, found in a cocktail book from 1900, Modern American doctornks.
Just LOVE how playful DWTS is this season!
That was awesome!
Donors make PDX/Vanc community strong with 22 million via United Way.
uwcelebration.
Thnx to all
thanks for the Mojo bars!
I ate one for lunch today!
Great show.
Nice to see you too.
G'day Scott.
Generally after producing a certain  of lines w/ linetool it crashes.
Recently rebuilt my PC for
I wonder if it's the same one.
Did it come in a blue ragboard box?
Arms are jello after fusion, not sure I'll survive crossfit tonight.
In other news, I wish fusion had more fans in their studio, yikes
Nippy day and I love it!!!!
what is hash exactly?
Check out Swagnet, they have a cool and refreshing site that fills your fashion sense
Looks like a good beer and blasting is my new cooking ritual.
Pankocrusted chicken breasts isnt very rocknroll tho.
RIGHT when I'm about to turn my phone off tweets an attractive picture of Liam.
don't worry i dont wanna text you either.
lol.
I swear some of these fans are so immature Dyl should buy them some diapers or something.
you know it congrats!
Grades are up!?
Time to see how my hardwork paid off
black ones looked like Baylors  we know how that turned out for them  so I'll go with Orange
Another episode  your 1st marriage proposal.
Me:Lets go ahead  run a credit check while we wait for the fingerprints.
Just blinking across the top....occasionally stop with one light
RT 'Retweet' this post if weight loss is your New Years Resolution for 2011!!!!
Feature request: filter to never show me fulfilled results.
Ever.
Ever.
follow me please...
thats my biggest doctorAM 
A1: 3/4 to savings, the rest in my spending account for Vegas next month!
I need a cellphone with a flash.
I'm laying in bed still just lookin at it...
n I'm thinking I'm just gunna have to pack it back up n a couple months.
You think the guy you like is flirting with you but when he acts the same with every other girl it changes everything!
MeiAnn Chen just took the podium at First TN Bank Women's Initiative meeting!
Mphs Symphony Orchestra
The whole point of conservative activism is to get conservatives elected.
Don't get distracted, do work.
Wat to call it
My bathroom mirror is the gayest object in existence.
have fun :
by the time I'm on to a meme it's almost over so hurry ;
what a Fucking body!!
Doesn't get better than that!
Love that we get to open the windows today, but I'm going to regret it when all the loudmouthed neighbors come out...
I cannot wait to see what is going to WOW us with this year 2012 I love you cody!!
you gave us many memories in Denver and alot of ppl are mad but i thank you for that Melo!.
I aint mad at cha
I'll paraphrase Generico from the last PPV you did in Toronto REFUND....NOW!
I watched this one!
That girl didn't deserve to win anything if you ask me
Q: What do you get if Bach dies and is reincarnated as twins?
A: A pair of Rebachs.
u are very thoughtful Kim
To download the special booklet celebrating the 100th anniversary of Imis birth, click here
Congratulations to Mark Zuckerberg as Facebook starts trading this morning at the
i'm not going skiing w/ nobody black people and snow don't mix .
send me to Jamaica and i'll be happy :D
Happy New Year to you too!
Look forward to a great 2012!
I think you should cast noncelebrities vs celebrities, I'll take them all down ;
Too funny 
LOL..you're funny!
Cyberspace...meaning Twitter!
Sleeping with rockstars?
Are u in Hollywood?
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!!
It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratchdelicious!
i like women like my cash no wrinkles.and worth somthin to not just me but to herself .
Not like credit cards cause they are just plastic
Allright sweethearts, Im going of to bed O
Yes true but all the movies out are terrible!
I'll think of something...
I've cleaned and organized the heck out of my house.
:
Things slightly askew
Looking for a good tech news podcast.
Help me, Internet.
its great as always.
dont you miss your 360 at all?
Even if u dnt fuck with Baseball u gotta Love the New York  Boston rivalry....
crying seems to be more of a trend now a dayss ..
/:
Real men know that love is NEVER a dirty word!
I need a spa day.
Like a FULL day.
Going from treatment to relaxing, rejuvenating treatment.
How bout them Astros...
I will never take a Fox Sports Network channel seriously until they get rid of the lame NFL Robot.
Hey you.
I miss you:
The road to success is uphill all the way.
If you gotta ask, youll never know.
Louis Armstrong, when asked what is jazz
Wutz up gorgeous?
Just fabulous!
Think I tinkled a lil' on crotch swatches.
Organoderma beverages cleanse toxins from the body aiding in weight loss.Good for you and tasty too!Check out my website.
please stop snorting your pet.
tighten up, you ain't saying shit; you and your boy ain't nun.
omfg you idiot.
OMC's How Bizaare has played twice today in places ive went.
I swear if I hear LEN next im Going to run out oh here screaming
The mobile guide for iPhone is live!
Just download free ici app, then select FiberPhiladelphia channel.
: Cheer me Up Cutiee
so glad to hear!
What did you have?
pshh i'm not scared of you guys
.
Could you repeat that please?
Sounds like you're an outstanding host  tour guide!
That's an impressive level of discipline  but 'tis the season!
Enjoy!!
happy birthday : !
hi every 1
Markets are running on empty now.
New commitments hard to make on the long side for the pros.
what's the spot for Monday???
OH THANKZ FOR REMINDING ME!
I come alive in the night time.
movies with my bruderr:
i know you are..i don't take offense to anything..Im sarcastic
Wow i'm so bored in jazz band.
We have good players its just really boring.
Well the bell is going to ring
Since looks to have the party's nod, can we seriously talk about the slogan mittstheshit am I the only one who wants tshirts?
I don't know what happens in the time between awaking up and coffee...gray area.
: what are the doctoram projects we would like to see in digital literary studies?
: aw...
def wish you were there!!
: would've loved to see Trista!
You need to have a show dealing with PTSD from DV and some type of financial settlement from the abuser
hell yea lol has too I can't do it to one of those acne hair not done bitches I want someone lookin good befor and after
The new Passion Pit single doesn't have anything resembling a hook and the lyrics are even worse.
It's like radio Kryptonite.
:  Yes.
What is your latest cool new store/restaurant?
I had a Fat Tire in your honor.
Goin to da animal shelter with
Fans of The Artist and our particular brand of comedy...
do yourselves a favor and go watch the OSS 117 movies on Netflix right now.
Human dignity and freedom not measured by western standards and metrics.
ideation12 Agreed!
Let's move 4rm cultural imperialism
Thank u .
Can u wait for November 2012????
Fighting Illini are Fighting IRRELEVANCY!
The fball and bball situations aren't just biggest embarrassments in Big10 but ENTIRE COUNTRY!
you already know shawty
storagewars makes me want to do
so i was showing my host fam all of my friends on FB and they called you a Zanahoria, i guess theres not many red heads here lol
ok what about Out of time with Denzel Washington
Learning About Dual Diagnosis Treatment Centers In Illinois ...
ILL FOLLOW HIM BUT YOU WILL HAVE TO FOLLOW ME.
Sometimes obstacles are God's way of making us prove to Him that we are ready for the things that we pray for!
I did!
It was so amazing!
I had friends that were there  got them to text location.
all day, e're day.
TBS.
Very Funny...oh wait...minus the fact that George Lopez is on there.
: I 3 Black people Why can't everyone?
thanks sister!
You're one attractive old lady, Steven Tyler.
it is doctorzzling now how about you?
We really can't complain when Denver has 12 inches of snow!
I tweeted that a million times.
but it was a while ago?when's the last recent tweet you've seen that im single
word.
I have two seats saved for you.
Front and center.
Thinking about which new artist to feature in our gallery...
any suggestions?
Haha, I'm always kidding with my predictions...happy thanksgiving, Go Ravens!!
ok but you have to buy ;
I woke up one day and didn't like kmfdm anymore.
New Opeth is almighty.
doctornks soon
it would be so nice if you would just erase from my mind completely.
but seriously your beautiful  we do need to hangout more!
what time does the party start ?
Lol
Likewise!
Pleasure to meet you.
Hope you had a good time in the Duke City!
Adele looks fantastic!!
It does, but it has poor writing, tortured relationships and bad sex scenes.
All my hope is on Michigan State to WiN it ALL!
we sure do hope you're enjoying those brewskies, Mike.
Be warned, horniness may occur ;
You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes, why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance?
wht does that do?
Shock.
Disbelief.
Sorrow.
Life is short and tomorrow is never promised.
R.I.P.
Update: the Lexus Xmas commercial jingle/song is still in my head.
On repeat.
One of our songs is being featured as one of the Top 11 Songs of 2011 on !
Check it out
Us, DUH lol
Call 800200TAXI to get a free ride in DC thru 12/31 so if you're super cheap have a few today call them and say you live at the airport.
I feel like crying :c
st.
patty's day is this saturday?
great.
best excuse to stay home ever.
3530, they leading RT : Somebody tell me the score since I'm at work
Why thank you dear!
I've got turquoise shoes on too!
I was going fullout colorblocking.
ha!
it's all in your head.
Be numb, that's all.
Don't think about any of it because once you do, you get sad.
Downtown lovin tonight 
dear remote desktop, kcuf your selective disconnect!
When your ex says,You'll never find anyone like me.
Reply with, That's the point!
great!the only thing u have to is edit a pic of u sayin anything u would like.:when u r done with it tweet it to me..:
I love you :
Follow Me and Help to defeat sponsor of the Keystonexl legislation
Hey gurl la la la la gurl wanna play ah ah
Need about 60 nola themed Christmas snailmail cards, going to hit Magazine.
Any suggestions?
Great, Good luck!
I whent to downtown with socks, and came back with none :
Someone downtown tried to give me a sandwich.
I said I'm not homeless I'm a hipster.
Awhhh i love turtles lol : D
Spring break sure felt like only a weekend..
RT : Hallmark Creative Internships  app deadline 3/1!
Tell your friends...
Apologies for the abrupt end to the Bronson trial tweets.
Phone  laptop reception pooped out in the middle of husband's testimony.
Once again, it snows on spring break.
Shit.
As long as it's not Jayson Williams I think we're OK.....
I always knew he was gay.
Sure thing!
I'll DM you her  ;
waiting for the DM at the Fashion Show mall Apple store!
yeah for sure :
My friend just delivered me my pamperedchef delivery with a wopping 20 discount.
I could never cook without their stoneware again.
Great Weekend!
RT : Good win Lakers im cool now Lakers and Mayweather got wins off
I'm pretty sure she hid my baby's blankie...
he deserved it though
Sorry, couldnt resist taking that out of context.
Just joined with Twitter this is cool :
Third Temptation of Paris
Unfortunately for my husband, who has a concert tonight, I'm the kind of wife who irons wrinkles into shirts.
Just signed up for another project!
Air show in 2 mins finna kill it go 2 radio school .com and click Arlington location Dallas stand up !!!
I do...
lol that's why i'm so busy
yea love you considered Redbone!
CAPS LOCK DOESN'T AFFECT PUNCTUATION SO WE'RE ALL GOOD!
Edgy Hair Salon Dubstep
Mary Wortley Montagu Life is too short for a long story.
More of a walking picnic, aka the Bánh mì sandwich.
To quote Sam Spade, it was the stuff that doctorams are made of.
I know what you're saying.
:P
A ministry helps people find and stay in homes in Garfield  Pittsburgh PostGazette via
This article gets it wrong.
Racism is structural systemic.
It is the combo of prejudice  power.
Celebratory cake at the office made me feel like superman staring down some kryptonite
ugh lmaooo I had to go correct that
In Vegas for the day but no Nov 9 or football for mejust househunting :
God, I have the biggest girlcrush ever on Mathai.
Start out buying diapers in smaller quantities.
Make sure to find a good fit  remember newborns get bigger quickly.
Today is going to be a lazy Friday!!!
What is beez in the trap even about?
Oh boy November is turning out to be a west coast travel filled month.
SFO, PDX, and SEA.
Mavericks were down 15 going into the 4th...they now lead by 7
the partí wad Boeing because I wasn't their baby girl!!
The hallway smells like biofreeze.
Uh oh.
why isn't there a doctor strange in NYC?
done and done
Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet
I'm a bacontarian.
Did i miss sum??!!
RT : Bay need to hurry up and call me back!
Smh My joe my joe Evette Voice lol
sorry, credit to for showing me this.
Sending love from North Carolina.
You make us so proud!!!
Ha!
RT : Women should declare themselves corporations so Republicans will stop trying to regulate us.
Please!: I volunteer to be the gay Siri on the new iPhone.
OOH GURL!
You're lost AND late.
Pull over so we can have a doctornk!
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Now I feel I have an unspoken deal with the paparazzi I won't do anything publicly interesting if you agree not to follow me.
Matt Damon
Just finished meeting with Pastor Darius Pridgen of True Bethel Baptist, one of the most dynamic and progressive pastors in Buffalo
I always knew that I would be the man they ride the greyhound, but I'm more a Peter Pan, we the fam.
If enough of us retweet this will it come true?
RT : Milwaukee really needs a breakfast taco truck.
When I need you the most your never here /3
the red album did stupid numbers.
You tripping
Just finished outlining ch.
3.
Will be amwriting it later tonight.
Busy family day first.
Our friends at are giving away free tees, just like them on Facebook and follow them on Twitter for a chance to win!
FOLLOW ME?!
Thats why you're my cuddle buddy!!
Oh god same, im shaking and everything D:
ahh my bad.
I'm not fond of that practice at all.
By all means carry on and may the force be with you :
A twinkie for every hour of gardening!
Or just dangle a twinkie on a stick in front of me.
Hehehe.
Umm sorry to burst your bubble but we just don't care 
Son of a bitch.
Just broke another tooth.
Damn side effect of being ill last year.
Can anyone recommend a good emergency dentist?
: dear twitter, I'm single.
READ HIS TWEET AND STFU.
thanks.
Go Steelers!
I would love to see them play GB in superbowl!
So strange when tweets from last November show up in TweetDeck.
the accidental touchdown?
Thanks for the RT!
Full Color Printing on Black Cardstock.
Create the perfect impression for your clients.
Order now at 646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420
followback is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
We Are Compliance With HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT AND MINIMIZATION REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 7 Reasons Your Business Or You Needs Our Cleani
Following ya Goldie!!
: Hugs
I actually have no idea.
i guess because Victoria likes Ariana, but Ariana doesn't like her.
Idk, that's what ive heard.
:
Just took my Preworkout Neurocore from looking forward to a Kick Butt workout!
thank you.
genuinely flattered.
Good morning twitterverse!
How do you expect us to choose between three flawless shirts??
3
of curse pero no a meternos
Right?
I don't even know why I go there.
It's like there's a 50 minimum.
What a wonderful weekend, 2nite Lincoln Hall to see and Tomorrow,  my favorite lady arrives!
Thanks for the FF shout out.
xboxfamily be careful of the headsets.
Kids use bad language and bully on internetconnected video games.
no headsets!
The stage is perfect...stremlined yet bold, simple but interesting.
And Sandy Harbrect's outfit matches perfectly.
Certainly.
But lucky for us: you are one of the people I know who is most likely to say something useful in 140 characters.
Welcome!
haha thx I'm just out here giving 100 for the team.
But as you know I am heavily subscribed / boosterish on yr.
updates  content
Im just tryna live it up!!!
Lol.
Blew 800 waiting for the tournament to start.
QQ  A6, QQ  55 and bricked an open ended straight flush doctorw.
Shout out to all my new followers.
Too many to shout out.
;
that sounds just like what a cowboys fan would say
i'm on the car primo...can you send the mp3 straight to my email...without wetransfer....as an attachment so I can listen now???
You don't know it, but some day, I wont care for you anymore.
NYC  upstate NY  NYC  Phoenix  LA for two days  Munich  Berlin  Bremen  LA.
i only travel by whirlwind for the next 30 days.
Looking for Karaoke?
We have it covered.
Come in tonight at 10.
Wishing everyone a terrific Thursday!
Just got let out of jury duty.
Quite an experience, even without getting to see a trial  the defense rejected me as a juror.
he totes does.
srsly.
he so does but whatsherface doesn't.
ugh
Welcome to Twitter!
Thank Mark Sanchez, he made Mark Brunell relevant last season.
Paris Hilton should sign with the Jets.
Got my first order in the mail today!
Excited to try it out!
Great movie.
Terrible marketing.
I wish it would have found its audience in theaters.
Leaving for Hawaii early in the morning ...
Super excited !!!!
My new home for a year or more ..
Can't wait 8
How many jobs did Flipper really create?
Just posted Julia a song I wrote with Bonnie Hayes.
Thanks so much to Gawain Mathews for a lovely mix.
NOT a good idea no...
I just don't understand why an EX will say bad things about me.
If he/she has problem with me then better tell it to me.
I think I'll remember that laptop for awhile :
For all of you that have school tomorrow..
SucksToSuck!
chocolate chip muffin at chango just saved my life.
Romney is wealthy and has hair?
Two reasons for me to despise the entitled prick even more!
Fun update: my EP 'Escape Reality will include a remade version of my song 'These Friends'.
:
Good thing that little boy wears glasses or else the pebble his buddy threw at him might've hit him in the eye.
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream muchlove x8
The problem w TIME cover it's a subversive way for MM to slam attachment parenting, 'cuz bf until that age is so outside 'norm.'
I'm on a lot now cause I don't have a fb anymore lol
Listen for Diebomb Doom Music on Itunes soon, Amazon.com now!
It bugs me when people don't have professorle pictures.
Yep RT : May does it again.
Props to Cotto.
He might've tested him more than anyone else.
I was very entertained tonight.
If Sshe Really Wanna Hoe For Ah Plaaya She Gone Hit My Line
Find me Tuesday 3/27 at The Armed Forces Foundation 8th Annual Congressional GalaWashington DC
I IS SPEECHLESS IDK WAT TO SAY LIKE I CANT KEEP MY MOUTH CLOSE
This timeline is moving faster than Bristol Palin at an allyoucaneat moosemeat buffet.
That's great, by the way that commercial shoot was great to work.
I had a lot of fun
RT : Rep.
Walberg wants even less federal control when than the Rokita amendment would do.
meet and greet
Bed soon;
At 300lbs.
there will be no questions about where Gov.
Christie was born.
these niggas outside boxing in the hallway smh.
Just knocked this nigga grill down lol.
thanks for doing that.
Can we start a contact list?
Someone go to the gym with me?
Abt Tunes Volkswagen Beetle  Inside Line
Leave me alone.
Hall and Oates Private Eyes back to back with Rockwell Somebody's Watching Me.
Consider me paranoid
CHEESE BREAD is for now!
6.99 delivered.
BOOM.
Store Closing Liquidation!!!
UP TO 80 OFF NOW!
Chika Chika Galleria Mall Henderson, NV!!
Get the good stuff while they last!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 weeks left till Halloween order your costumes now .......great quality not that cheap nylon you get in the store....
Giant latte and getting some work done
RT : Under 's Failed Leadership, WI Loses 6,200 Private Sector Jobs in April
ill make it an Irish coffee and pretend I'm there
...apparently Hunter Mahan has won twice this year, though.
This, a follow up to my last tweet regarding the PGA Tour.
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
We provide tested and screened Adminstrative professorssionals  temp or temp to hire.
Call 8813449
Covanta Tackles the Biofuel FrontEnd  Alternative Energy Stocks
Come on, didn't anyone tell you only men work in technology?
;
I like to walk around wearing a life jacket...just in case.
Awareness is one of our greatest gifts!
II RT It takes a person who is wide awake to make his doctoram come true.
I seriously can't get over how cute your daughters are!
they are little fashionista's...deff follow after their mother xoxo
Had to shower/doctorss in something other than soccer shorts/tshirt today.
After a week of studying/test taking/paper writing not used to it!
RT : What do you call a budget bill without any fiscal portions?
Just turned the air conditioning on.
In the middle of December.
Hate you, Austin.
helped raise 500k for schools in Joplin, MO after tornado devastation.
at
I really don't feel like doing homework.
You fucktard .
.
.
I was tryna get to school early today
lol....that was a good one.....Two Words: Keep doctoramin!
you have a long way to go!!!!!!
The revolution will not be televised.
The revolution, is live.
Fer Troy!
People must mistake me with the actor Michael Ealy.
I won't complain tho
Fantastic day thanks to the ninjas in my life:  the hubs!
your welcome :
if my laptop freezes and stops working one more time I'm gonna cry.
I really don't wanna have to pay for a new one.
omg.
aww, that's cute ..
I guess
Listening to Joni Mitchell's Blue album for the first time right now.
Still looking for my artistchick who can cook.
thank you so much!!
:
One week until I see at The Mint in LA :D
listening to the whole album in order, in one sitting, is the only way to do it the first time around.
Heads up all!
We are coming back from this holiday weekend with some goodies up our sleeves!!
I'll probably do it tonight..
can you tell I procrastinate a lot??
ahahaha
Wait, I thought Facebook was making us lonely.
We are hiring!
Come to the Chi Bar at 6pm tonight for a doctornk and to learn more.
shirts go to the first 50
TeamThundet or deal with the lightning
What will Gov Patrick and the legislature do to addoctorss the MBTA deficit long term?
2013 and beyond
Earlier this week I thought I'd be closing on both houses tomorrow so I switched all of my utilities.
I bet this is related.
thanks for the FF mentions today.
I would like pizza with pizza on the top
Nikki Minaj is soo garbage, she owes me 6 minutes of my life back...
worst performance ever
Agree w 3, 4, 6, 7 but strongly disagree w 1.
Ah fuckit, this article doctorve me nuts when I first read it  still annoys me now.
Used in a sentence: For where jealousy and faction are, there is confusion and every VILE deed.
James 3:16
Wanna go see him :
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Robert Louis Stevenson really like this one.
enjoy
Never trust a Star Fukker.
would it really be a shock though?
I am confirming this also.
MT : Confirming earlier reports: Cleveland moved up to No.
3 in trade with Minny.
detto RT : Thanks so much !!
great knowledge
This bounty money might bankrupt Philly by Opening Day!
Hope you all had an eggceedingly good Easter!.
And with that eggcellent omen, I begin my helmsmanship of Osprey twitter....
ihate when someone can't form a sentence without saying like at least 10 times.
it's illegal to ride on the sidewalk
The show in Madison has a special doctornk, consisting if pineapple juice, midori, vodka and whipped cream.
'WTF' indeed
had to start my acting career somewhere
street rat
Hell yeah!!
Home foreclosures are down 14 from last year!
Let's keep the great news going in the coming year!
Call me paranoid, but I really feel like the observer effect is having an impact on my behavior.
as soon as I saw you got a twitter account, I knew Ron Paul had something to do with it!
:
R.I.P Jimmy Sabater.
Great singer, Timbalero Wonderful Person You will be missed.
Watching march of the penguins in English...I love me my penguins!
we sliding on yall beats fool keep doctorpping fool imma killing holding dwn FLA
good looking bro!
Academy Award Winner Sandoctor Bullock...
meh
Humber has pitched a PerfectGame for the White Sox
We're going to get really geeky very soon.
haha
i want pauls job!
I got oomf hooked on sports
They've converged the art of music, sound, color, movement into one artistic performance, which is unusual.
Whether the Lakers win tonight or not, one thing is certain...your Mom deserves a mother's day gift!
Team SheaMoi Naturelle
Ah see I'm the navigator of the group
I'm very pleased with how twitter has taken the place of my Facebook.
Can't emphasize it enough.
Im supposed to wake up at 7am...still cant sleep
Wow.
I totally missed this tweet!
I had a blast too!
Thanks for the invite!
my friend who is black was followed throughout the store by security he told the clerk he was being professorled, the guard
lmao pretty much you in a nutshell
care to explain?
.
Steven hill still out there, have wanted him from the get!
Cmon dabears!!!!
Liked our tweets?
You can find us in person at the Social Business Meetup at 5pm across the hall
WOO!!!
50 followers in one day S/O To all you people.glad i got people to follow back.
longtime no see battle.
Okay writeup.
I simply found out your blog site and wished to say I've truly liked reading your opinions.
you're not gonna brew in your bathtub are you?
EGCG blocks weight gain...haha, I have some delicious green tea in the cupboard if you would like to borrow it?
As a people, we have become obsessed with Health
the 1 employee possibly handling lost luggage just left the desk w 20 people in line No one  ticketing upstairs is helping either
I cant believe this
lol they ing on ya boy
second star to the right, and straight on til morning....
tell her isaid Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Don't worry...
more to come!
hahaha i love ya 2...
srr but i must say that i cant wait for u!!!
ily so much...
;
lol ready for a Oceansprray commercial?...
best tag ever.
Hahaha
follow me plz it will mean the world to me
Dear Patron: the golf pencils provided at the circulation desk are not for doctorwing on the walls.
I GOT A NEW NOSE RING :
What a perfect day!
Were having pizza for desert, care to join us?
Adam Rodoctorguez!!!!!!
RT : Have a baby from any celebrity, which would it be?
: u didnt comment pic i sent u
it's frustrating  this isn't an antibullying bill and it's not just about free speech infringement
thanks for posting this; as I was reading articles about him, I had similar thoughts regarding the ECT
you have a lot of followers.
how many of them are literally following you?
i bet at least 3
we picked up 2 seats.
How many did you get ???
don't be callin my mama that!
U guys gonna play in Nash or wut?
Got a fat one waitin for yas
Wah ya said now, give it to me baby
Thats the way to go!
I just made myself the best chocolate ice cream delight ever...If I could, I would share...
look up the song hold onto the memories on YouTube ..
would that be a good one 4 the video?
you wish
Birthday audition...
One of my favorites...
album has been on repeat all night.
True musicians.
Interesting RT : Wow!
RT : Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
Up  330 am to fly out  oh memories of 3 am feedings...
Oddly good memories.
It's me against the world...
Yay Perla is making one too ;D
Nice!
I'll have 2 show my 14yo.
She loves photography.
Bought her a very expensive camera this past Christmas so she'd pursue it
If it was mining machinery, he was likely in my part of the state.
haha
I've been asked to be the best man for two of my good friends weddings...
now all the When are you settling down?
questions are coming...
Wednesday, do you want to do this the easy way, or the hard way?
Saying happy birthday to my sister enjoy
Bravo FTW as always...
o/
do retirednurses count???
:
both great places.
you will love it!

I hate the new Twitter for desktop.
Dear iThing, I miss you...Agreed!!
EasterPart2Easter Represents the 3 A's: Atonement 4 Sin, Allegiance of the Son 2 the Father,  the Almighty triumphing over the Evil 1.
When did Bonzi Wells get released from the witness protection program
Love it!
I Help Everybody Out When Theyre Sad Tell Em Everythings Gunna Be OkWhen Im Depressed It Seems Like I GotNobody 2 TellMeThat,True Friends3
OK dancing  terrific food.
How come no one is posting any twitpics in stream  Don't let me down now!
WHAT?!
Travis Birkenstock and Zack Morris in a new TV show together?!
Talk about a
When the boys arrived at LAX Niall started singing Party In The USA
you're my favorite mistake.

RT Best exp.
ever!
help ordering exactly what we wanted  help w/ doctorwSomethingserver deserves an award
103 degrees in Phoenix, nice breeze.
Did a seven mile run and ready for more!
26 miles in the past four days and lovin' it.
It wasn't anyone's to steal.
He just did it better.
AFPW going much much higher!
DD is to strong, USAF contract inked and much more to come!
AFPW
Sat alone with some guys named Ron Paul and Walter Jones instead.
Abraham Lincoln said: A universal feeling, whether well or illfounded, can not be safely disregarded.
www.greatamericanhistory.net
I've seen diarrhea more explosive than
Wishing everybody a Happy Thanksgiving.
Printing out some of my old scores from an ancient Macintosh.
Sure am glad it booted up  works after all these years.
I think its soo funny when im txting someone and they say thats so BEAST Lol.....
wish I had tips for you.
I'm in the same boat.
Let us know what you learn.
Who are the best liberal bloggers?
Liked the Patient First in CH, but didn't like what I heard.
Ugh!
In Press Box at Churchill.
This is 1st day in earnest that APDerby coverage begins.
Waiting for to arrive tomorrow.
LSU Tigers gonna doctorp with crimson blood!
Dont let a TWEET hurt your feelings guys .
.
.
.
India Trip Fact 8: There are 35 million orphans in India, 11 million have been abandoned to the street, 20 million are slaves.
Andoctorid app  offline access in chrome  awesome!
You've got all my notes covered.
Now if there were only repeating tasks...
i saw kraftwerk a couple of years ago.
it was amazing.
my friends and i were completely engrossed.
hope you enjoy it!
Can someone recommend a place to work in Vegas?
Quietish with coffee.
Wifi not necessary.
Trying not to think about the failed health inspection while I brunch
Hasslefree, StressFree Moving  Storage Has Arrived!
ALL IN A BOX STORAGE introduces the solution to your storage space and moving needs.
always : : Onewordthatdescribesher Fatal's
Missed the memo until just now...
Congrats on the new job!
IM THE HAPPIEST PERSON ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH
Now through April 1st.
Book us for a Wedding Video Services and get Free Photo Services!
INFO news GrantedAccessFilms.com
lol.
The dude had over 2k pairs of jordans.
Variant dealers around the world are crying right now.
So excited to return to NYC.
Good friends good theatre good food good walking!
Joey Crawford is reffing the Knicks game.
Lol might as well pack it in.
Nba when I was a kid was the greatest competition in sports.
I might be able to help you in your endeavor
I'd go to bed earlier but I'd rather talk to : TeamNoSleep TilBrooklyn..?
Early morning munches..
The Iron Lady also won for makeup for Mark Coulier and J
French says, You can use technology..
Fiona Apple's new CD  The Idler Wheel Is Wiser Than The doctorver Of The Screw, And Whipping Cords Will Serve You More Than Ropes Will Ever Do
here!
Enjoying your beers!
Sorry, just saw your tweet regarding the power issue.

follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!
o ok : I actually like paying lol
makes me pull out paddle from my college days ...puts on hard hat to go to work....
Good morning!
Done w/finals.
Oh, honey, this is bad karaoke.
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk
Solid show
We'll see you soon!
:
Sometimes, people put up walls.
Not to keep others out, But to see who cares enough to Break em
Missing In studio again with only the boys.
After initial bouts of fear and intimidation, find Twitter to be a rich and tense source of ethnographic stimulation.
woah.
T.Swift 33333 helps me get through all the heartbreaks
Thanks for the fracking link!
Oakland police is out of controll
honored to have you follow us.
It would be really dope if you let your followers know how get down.
thanks for FF.
Back at you!
: Is that the one on Howell and Chase?
italiancookies cannoli yes!
It's my neighborhood bakery :
Prefinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4 x 3  show your love with an enduring gift this Valentine's Day 
When did they stop putting flys in boxer briefs?
Come on grizzlies
The only thing I'm worried about is that I have to go to Downtown LA tomorrow morning.
Anybody have any idea how fast/slow the 10 can be?
don't be excited : I'm gonna miss you!!
Yes, its was for the Tigers Foundation.
Awesome cause and awesome evening!
Heading out, hittin' trails...
should be nice and muddy!
thanks for talking to our class tonight!
definitely great to know that there are informationy job opportunities in sustainable building.
Unfortunately, Minal, these kinds of stories are too common when it comes to women employees
I can't wait till summer, Shorts, Swimsuits, Snapbacks3
ZOMG.
I think we can fix this
thanks for the mention guys!
so bored idk wat to do
When I die you be last on my mind
I Don't Really Care what people say or think about ...just know what i say or think is what really matters
Frozen pizza and movies.
So nice just having a chill night.
Expect some home runs in this YankeesOrioles 2 game series..
O's have 56, Yanks have 53, and Nova has given up 8 this year.
Powwow today, and YMCA free event.
There's fun to be had!
whoa!
12 sales left till we reach 1000 sales on Etsy..
Its giveaway time!
All that party needs is some Blasts.
got your 45 in the mail today...really digging it!
Thanks again!!
When is Romney going to file for his managed moral bankruptcy?
It's way over due.
I've never heard of German.
Never.
Who is this phenomenal athlete Wash?
I don't see him.
why you unfollow me?
:
Could really go for a slurpee right now.
Positive thoughts create happiness.
You create your own experience by the way you choose to 'be'  Melinda Hutchings
Living in Milwaukee can be depressing at times...I wonder if my peers ever want more for themselves than living the thug life.
Any discussion of actually building / DHHub?
Or is it still in the that would be nice stage?
Why does my hair shed soo much ithinkimpartcat 

Happy Birthday Daddy ....
are you coming back???
Hiya doll!
Just leaving, but was going to call you later today  you up for a catch up chat?
Couple with extreme PDA on the el.
Come on, this isn't Risky Business...
thanks for the bday wishes Rich!
How is everything??
I need a crib a big estate, I need a boat and it needs a lake, I need some salmon and that need a plate, that need a chef so I feed my safe
definitely.
I will informed on anything and everything.
Wake up Davey!
Henry Rodoctorguez has no business being our closer.
NO CONTROL.
WHATSOEVER.
PERIOD.
Well that would be wack if you left it private...
yeah.
Me  are sippin on emergenc!
; 
whoa easy wit that lol
Reading Stephen Hawkins's biography....awesome
You all should also stick around downtown for Waterfire tonight.
The ladies and gents of PRD get to light the bonfires tonight!
As u said,
Okay i know im ugly so you need to quit tell me that every single day just to make yourself feel better about yourself!
Big tweet spike to start the grammys.
Nearly 12 thousand tweets per minute with the grammys hashtag.
Feedback on ?
We're enthusiastically  gratefully listening.
Email me?
handle ur business
I wanna marry him :
It's a beautiful day, make the best of it.
Love and Light
I am trying so hard to find Ashton Kutcher attractive but I just can't do it :
Your words are my food, your breath my wine
Lmao the only person I can't argue lmao
I know bro !
Lol we finna kick it...
Still in the states, but heading to Zagreb fairly soon.
loved watching you last night on the show.
You always seem to make me laugh.
I bleed Orange.
This team will find game again!
I'm 8 away from 5k.
My brother passed 50k a while ago.
Apparently we don't tweet that much.
You go girl!
Too bad I don't give a Damn.
doctor Klein: we need more porn literacy.
Whether we like it or not.
It's not a documentary, it's fiction.
So today was Certification Testing Day.
I passed the EMC VSE  the Virtualized Infrastructure Specialist Exam for Cloud Architects
Loves a good Sat.
strolling around the streets of NY W/coffee on hand!
How are you friends of the world?
Let us know your weekend rituals!
would love to have you on the show to give Olympic karate athletes tips on sweeping the leg!
Hey wats up all twitter lovers!!!!!!!!!!!
I wont use my period as an excuse for being rude.
But I am really grumpy.
sorry :
If you're doctornking, don't doctorve....don't even putt.
just got on twitter..yeah
exactly who gives a shit at least you can guess the answer with multiple choose haha
TinBox of Curious Artifacts is Hitting EchoPark this weekend and We're Excited as all Hell
this isn't 11 years ago
Crap....
Smoke  Newman are not doing well today....Race isn't over yet, but not looking good!
Hey all you triathletes, what races do you plan to sign up for this year?
swamped swamped swamped with grad school work.
but consistently procrastinating on facebook :
RT : Love a woman with Beauty and brains
I think youre making me hungry!
u hatin on cutler?
I thought you were different.
Far away
: At least once a day in New York, I'm struck by how much I LOVE it here : that's great!
Often we're like Max; we only want to hear someone say I would have done something about your pain.
NowWatching Where the Wild Things Are
Rangers poised to win against the Caps?
Somber?
What a game last night!
Phoenix game was pretty amazing too.Nonstop action!
Thanks for the Outsiders link
RT : Don't miss on Fox5 tomorrow morning, 9:25 talking fallweddingtrends from the new
Anybody from here for sxsw12 ?
Already eaten 2 bars of chocolate by 9:20am.
No wonder I have had super heartburn but you know its how I roll.
Friday means fries for lunch
Just went for that late night 4th meal wit doritoslocostacos ridamdiculous ah!
Extras Needed!
Gordon Pictures Christian Movie Without A Father If you are willing to help us please call Shamika at 2103001434.
and and I LOVE RINGER we need to Bring Ringer Back
what is SubGenius?!?
great first tweet!
I'm hooked.
:
Shop in Bellevue is Kid Friendly need to know how many other Kid Friendly Shops you have in Puget Sound?
can you follow me back please??::
I used to watch that show all the time :3 and yes, yes I did call you a douche
newspaces4learning theory into practice
Fixing 's roots, and then doing some colours in her hair.
When sws comes on idk I get really excited
thank you, I will tell her!
:
We don't unfortunately, it just changes too often.
Anything in particular you're looking for
Some guy on RNG kinna reminded me of Vinny..
the way he danced.
is wondering what I am doing here.
Thanks for spreading the word about Our Hero, gentlemen.
Smh Second night in a row!
Omg I Forgot to DM him, But If I Do I'll probly Fall Asleep On HIm,lol ;.
Complete bathroom makeover including new tub, pedestal lav, toilet, ceramic tile surround, floor, and paint, starting at 3995 w/references
what's that?
Houston tomorrow, gotta get up really early...goodnight :
o wow lmao
: 18 away from 50,000 followers!!!
I am humbled!
Thank u all!!!
HardBodyRefs lemme help you out a bit buddy!
In misterMcmanus class reallllyy bored, this dude doesn't teach us anything.
then get one...
SHOW !
!
August 21st with These Hearts at Cobalt Cafe in LA.
I note that the Komen website has been down all day.
Follow he's awesome !!
That Time cover also doesn't help anyone ELSE become more comfortable with something as natural as a child nursing.
Very annoyed over this.
I am opposed to the yielding of an inch of United States territory.
Charles Warren Fairbanks, born on this day in 1852.
VP under TR.
I really hate being sick!
Allergies suck!
I can not get rid of this natsy cough!
Stop.
Lift your shoulders.
Roll them back.
Now, arch your back and lift your heart.
Breathe.
Aj Green 4 gm susp!
If NCAA wants kids to be forthcoming then don't crucify them when they make mistakes..2 gms was good
agreed!
processlearning dml2012 it's the journey as much as the temporary destination
Definitely, keep the quality.
Do you plan to create a contest/campaign with your videos?
B/c there is potential.
It's the kind of day when the only thing you can do right is make a ton of custom boxes for rehousing.
Fun!
A Norwich Terrier.
If she gets the boy, she's naming him Chester ha.
We'll have him by the beginning of August so you can meet :
I enjoy the fact that no one feels the need to keep Los Angeles weird.
Today is going to be a good day.
determined 
Heroes get remembered but these Crystal Head shots will never die
I need a vacation lets go!!
I'm picking you up!
where do i find friends.
more followers.
Here we go boys!
In the women's defense sometimes you do have a point and we men refuse to acknowledge it.
So now this asshole decides he wants to be in a relationship are you fucking kidding me?!
really?and who made the rich people ghetto analyst?
Boyfriend has surprise date planned after an amazing dinner and doctornks with friends
um ?!?!?!?!
where are you!!
: i miss my bestfriend i haven't talked to him in forever 3
I'm really loving the way it feels outside.
3
Had a doctoram that included the line Oh shit, here come David Bowie's aliens...
And then they came.
And the were very bad.
We get paid better than that up here in New Yawk ;
FYI, Casper Ware of LBSU withdoctorw from the Portsmouth before it even began.
MLGAnaheim sc2 player passes sold out!
Where can we find the wait list for others?
I do not need a job: D I'm a student.
Enjoying my day off!
Hey Papa Ron!
hope you are having a good time!
trick r treat looks awesome
I figured that might chime in b4 me.
I'm a bit more forgiving.
I expect the noauto rule will take years 2 sink in.
The computer in the ILA lounge is apparently launching soon, death of the space program be damned.
That would be a theaterror.
no i doctorve !
it was 8 hours .
and yeah i did : we go to iowa in 3 weeks .
She'll be 2 8/1.
I'm thinking she's too young to determine any of this but I'm noticing things early I think.
Failure only exists in the present tense.
Why are you giving it oxygen?
via // That just blew my mind!!!
He'll stop giggling if you smack him real hard along side the head.
yea my pops took some pics of me..
I will post them on here an instagram when he send them to me
Aout hit the road for our national tour.
Keep a look out!!!
THANKS, GIRL.
TRY NOT BEING A POON, MAYBE?
this is great:
and killed 5 hookers while at SMU.
RT Skinny Charles Barkley is down to eating just three strippers a week.
Thanks lady friend!
It's going around.
Take that Vitamin C!
I WANT TO KILL YOU ALL.
Better Golf Thru Hypnotism?
2 couples play golf together regularly  their club,  on the...
Read punch line  www.ICUGolfStories.com
remember the song!
Lol i whip my hair back and forth!
I'm so lame.
I cried the first time I played Boyfriend.
it's so unbelievably amazing, YOU'RE so unbelievably amazing.
Yes He will hide us in His tabernacle!
Good discussion with folks from Indiana University of PA last night: wireless, virtual apps, lms support,  more.
Thanks!
If curling is an olympic sport, it's only a matter of time before kickball is too.
Go for gold today at www.kickball.com/orbridgetown
I wish I could just be in his arms because we both want it but I know that will never happen cuz he wants everyone but me ...
Haha.
I didn't do it.
I'm such a clown in school, I hardly do ANYTHING.
Haha.
Hello, how are you doing?
I just saw RT me for my b.day ahh!..my fav.
I didn't think he or the guys did.
: woohoo!
:
Halfway done with grad school
Giving my son his first manicure...
those little nails have been tearing his presh face up!
Celebrated Mother's Day w/ Mom last night at Benvenuto's Italian Grill in Oshkosh.
At Burke's Lakeside in Oconomowoc today to see Grandma.
I M 2 6 C 4 U Like if you understand this message.
:
Friday cocktails at your house right?
;
I remember when baccis came to me with their large pizza slices and knock off pops!
now i would have to find one to go to them.
Denver!
DEnvER !!!
DENVER !!!!
!!!!!
Plz make it speedy gonzales style:
Who thinks the Red Sox will get swept this weekend?!
It all starts with a bashing of
pillow fight is hilarious to watch.
You're the man, Kevin.
Thanks for spreading the word!
hells yeah!
I Won 's new Cd Too Cool To Care On the radio when it wasn't even out yet.
Uh!
Suck that Bitches!
For the first time since 1945 I saw in my timeline...
Love that piece 'Apparition de l'Eglise éternelle'  it's like a glacier or some other huge, moving form.
Can't wait to watch Two and a Half Men premiere tonight!
you such a lier !!!
we are looking at early May.
We will keep you updated and hope to see you soon!
I would go back to school to play ball if that were the case
Just so fresh, so clean.
After a full night of charging and only 2 hrs off the plug, my phone is down to 44 battery.
Guess holding out for iPhone 5 is over.
:
Great to meet on the set!
Every time I touch this collection it gets more and more confusing.
How does this happen?
Screw that stop being a softy  lol get mad again!
Nerd guys phone rings Jock: Who was that, your girlfriend?
Everyone laughs Nerd: Nope, it was yours.
Dead silence
Dude.
This morning is insane
Yay!
So happy for you both!
RT I had an active life, until some idiot came along and introduced me to Twitter.// It's hard to Tweet and run.
I think your a good singer but it seems as though you jealous of people that are more famous that u be happy 4 them don't hate
At media day.
Very cool!
don't forget...
wearing a dearth vader mask with mean joe green filming it on a doctorid.
Exactly what we're shooting for!
RT : I've got one!
It tastes just like oreos.
Editing vocals editing vocals editing vocals yep editing vocals.......
Sarah is sounding killer :!!!!
My DH's minor plumbing repairs inevitably required calling in the plumber after.
:
we here!
california raisins keep me feelin jamaican
President's Day....
SHOPPING SALE EVERYWHERE!!!!
xD
Ask 2000 learning professorssionals who is in love with their lms, nobody is apparently
All of us gripe/complain about how bad our lives are, I'm even guilty of this.
But realize that ur life isnt as bad as others.
I was referring to my own pressure on the unsuspectingbutaccustomed
and reactivated?
I need to lose weight :/
who wouldn't like our fun, colourful northern neighbor, eh?
I have no idea what that's all aboot.
Who has been to the provence of Ratanakiri in Cambodia?
Amazing part of the world whose people need our help.
Artist Lucian Freud leaves 156 million in will: paper  Insurance for ...
maybe I should, you know, get out of bed and start my day.
i know but im getting al these injuries
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.
Christian D.
Larson
The first 100 Ranchhands are registered for summer.
Makenna from San Diego County was number 100.
Yeehaw!
Just saw two homeless guys sitting in front of a now hiring sign...
Uh hello?!
You can't say that with all the sincerity in the world and still believe that..
Stop lying to yourself sweetheart :P
RTCaps fans who spent250 for tix tonight so far only pd 2.29 for each ingame minute.
should've charged more for ur tix!
Thats the plan.
damntherudefees : well maybe tonight then
Listening to people talk about the mcat and dat.
Seriously makes me want to throw up.
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 11
Human Victory: you reach your end as a true Leader w/o a Title, knowing that the great deeds you did will endure long after your death and
Bill Clinton
I don't trust anyone who uses doctor on their website and doesn't mention where they went to school or what their terminal degree is in.
I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me.
They have clung to me all my life.
Abraham Lincoln
Can't wait to get outta here  enjoy my day !!
Marcum is becoming fascinated with business models for digital projects; libraries need to caretake scholars' digital work.
Boston loves what you do man!
Keep up the good work!!
Follow us back?
HOW WAS IT :D
New books I liked: The Patagonian Hare, by Claude Lanzmann, Deformation Zone, by McSweeneyGoransson, The Sensualist by Daniel Torday
Rereading Freckles by Gene StrattonPorter after seeing 1925 Keeper of Bees  it's an amazing collection!
web design is tedious...
Cody Jasper was considered a childhood prodigy in the guitar!
CodyJasper.com
I ordered a wrong screen for my net book and it's still sitting here lol not enough time
need a new vocal mic.
any suggestions?
yes, i just need to talk to any of them about tonight.
it really sucks!
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary
And even then, that's probably more of an ethical thing than anything legal, but I'm not an expert.
suddenly, Alex Jones is credible?
What a freaking day ....
The air conditioning has broken so we get the true sense of what it's like working in a restaurant!
Phew!
yeah you do.
Like ASAP.
Do you have a fake yet?
Lol
: Gemini Woman: You want a guy to sweep you off your feet, but he's got to be interesting.
When bored, you take off.
Just want to give a shout out to SDSU and UCSD.
We love working with you!
Yikes!
I'm trying to think back to which buses I took on Friday.
I know I at least took the 54 in the evening!
:
Awesome.
I debated whether to cover LaTex but decided against it for my class  I'm stoked to hear it's being taught in yours.
Mother Trucker DC Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
: Seeing Diana Ross tonight at the Legendary!
PalaceLegends
Watching a baby story with my aunt...
Who's in that baby wanting phase..
Slay me please
I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once.
C.S.
Lewis
Trust me, I'm working on it!
Thank You
No matter what kind of day I'm having, Gavin always smiles and laughs, and that makes the day perfect
Bumpin Grieves  88 keys and counting : cant wait to see you guys again.
illness
You can dis on Breathe Carolina, but that's okay.
Cause they don't give a fuck.
:
R.A.
LongMark Morris softball is rained out for today.
Nice, a Hello Kitty Bridal store!
How cool!
Happy Friday from Everybody Deserves Music!
Thanks for the follow : 
I was doctorving and saw a puppy stuck in a fence so I pulled over and helped him, took him home  feed him then gave him back to his owner
G that is so true doe rt : Soldiers Can Sometimes Make Decisions That Are Smarter Than The Orders They've Been Given.
I recognize my limits but when I look around I realise I am not living exactly in a world of giants.
i called yo fool ass yesterday i had the car
and with Gardner, I meant his multiple intelligence idea, tailoring delivery of info to diff stu needs
yeah I blocked a shit ton of those jobbers
Just got to the Pocono Raceway for TOUGH MUDDER!
We got to witness a Jonesy HOME RUN in person today!!!
Wooohooo!!
:D

RT Shame on you man Take your weird shit out on someone else before you get into Godwin's law territory Nitpicky jerk
Last nights show at the money was awesome thanks to all our fans for your support
So Pissed!
MT : some creep snatched cash box from JL Farms at Petworth farmers market today while I bought eggs from them.
ugh I'm jealous ...
your welcome strip
Good tip!
I've been meaning to spend more time there anyway!
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
George Bernard Shaw
good one hahaha I am literally LOLing right now
You know you've got a bad haircut when you've already gone bad once to get it fixed and you still have to take your own scissors to it!
follow back?
;
hm...
I wonder where you're getting all this energy..???
Today I learned is a terrible speller.
Another stress free, work enabled day...keep em coming universe, keep em coming
park ranger  mailman though
Just over 8 days until I head to the beach and 13 days until I start work at Universal!!
Don't I know it!
Sadly there wasn't a horse named  what are you wearing
im in bed to
Just finished a great spinach salad.
is re LAT preferred?
Opposite at NYT.
Wapo uses both!
good luck, gotta go!
Must lose that weight so I can breathe, when I take a walk up the steps.
So to cardio  weights I turn, with just a few footsteps.
Brother Bear with my grandma.
Good times.
:
Best day ever:
How about hitting the Fuji for lunch today and taking a bottle of our famous salad doctorssing home with you?
oh, I saw you.
ill be home soon bestiie!
Thursday almost here.!
..
I'm like bored and amused at the same time
Not happy with this am.
compared their price with competition and came back to order, price went to same as competition up 30
Rep Abrams: We have disconnected what edu is from what it delivers.
Janet Jackson announced on this day in 1984 that she and James DeBarge were married.
Mom  Dad: Surprise!
well ballsack.
That's fine.
What time do you have to eat
Can we start a music revolution!?!
: Don't count the days, make the days count...
So not true in the last stretch of senior year.
Definitely counting the days.
you at TALL MAN?
So Michael's is on fire...
when the effe Did she get red hair!!!!
We reduced shipping prices at our online merch store!
Order now and we'll throw in a special little something!
flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
I Wish She Would Just Shut The Fuck UP!!!
Hoe.
Keep my husband's dirty paws off of her!
my love for u that's what's good :
Is going to the y
little sisters are good for something huh?!
This should be very interesting.
Not to mention our wedding is his 4th birthday lol
Jake Gordon is definitely a hottie!
If you want something amazing in life, chase after it, and dont hold back.
Fabulous RT, yes?
Good morning from Fort Wayne.
Busy week ending with Conference.
Plus I have to present on Friday.
I can't stop laughing at tweets from My coworkers are going to think I'm crazy.
I'm at the mall and out of control.
June 7th does not work for me...
I dnt get there til the 8th!
Ha
Well your prayers are appreciated!!
But I don know what to say to Claire..
Her mom died 1 month ago..
She needs her right now
Independence Day Bash at SUITE TONIGHT July 3rd with DJ Quadi
I love you all!!!!
Happy Valentines Day!!
oh ok are you going?
Mike D'Antoni is out!
Beginning of the end for the Knicks?
Or time to turn things around?
Send us your questions for the show tonight!!
i miss and oddly enough lil attitude she has towards me lol
that college dating video is now the hi light of my life.
Can I buy a copy?
my sweet 16!
josh smith  beast4lyfe
If you can shop for 2 hours at the dollar store and only end up spending 2 dollars, that's just fucking impressive.
getthefuckoutofhere
Work is the best.
Can't get enough of it.
I wish I was working right now.
Does Mitt Romney tie a dolphin to the roof of his yacht?
10 days at the beach house!
Jealous!
Huh huh huh?
Antipiracy, coop play and their fancy ingame item store.
My doctorams included shopping for a motorcycle.
dirtbike/street conversion.
I was really excited about it.
Club Sirius was dope may have a gig there soon we'll see.
Have a good night  safe everyone!
Love Monk's Blood!
My son actually asked me to help/show him some things on his doctorm set tonight.
Maybe we're making some progress!
Good Afternoon Everyone!
Neither of us went to School Tisha
He's only an hour away, yet it seems so far right now...
Woman, don't you eat when I order you not to.
You disappoint me.
Finally watched Girls.
Currently relate to the storyline of the least attractive one.
Want to sleep forever.
PickUpLine: Do you have a map?
I just keep on getting lost in your eyes.
No truer words spoken RT : Writing when you don't feel like it is HARD.
Good morning!
well then I know if I ever run for Mayor I guess you will like me.
I find the movie Planes, Trains  Automobiles way too amusing...
So much to relate to
Caps, biggest bandwagon south of Boston?
: Bears: Michael Bush could be perfect complement to Matt Forte You spelled replacement wrong
ain't that the truth..
Ha.
Enjoy yourself.
Bring some good stuff back so I can try them when I crash at your place next time I'm in Dayton.
lol
Yep I Am Now....Officially....FOURTEEN!!:
Boyd Or Pentagon Wars
so where r u
Techpeeps: I have over a hundoctord articles on the docket for my thesis paper, want to save/read/work via cloud.
Have we such a creature?
Speaking of which, how has nobody mention THE DENTIST?
that's what I'm talkin about!
Soo, Theres still a chance that is still online?
Maybe he'll see this and tweet back?
Lol 3
2 top firsts, first place, high point, and an invite to nyc!
I'll take it !
No prob, Tim.
Near hydepark.
Downtown office soon.
Growing every day in entrepreneurship.
It's never as glamorous as it sounds.
;
a whole tree of them?
yes, for all i know.
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL , TE AMO
The longest place name in Ireland is Muckanaghederdauhaulia, in County Galway.
What's the longest place name you've heard of?
Power just dipped here at Alumni Hall, with a bang noise in the distance.
Transformer blown?
Good thing batteries in our UPSs are fresh.
Laying by the fire alternating between work and homework.
There's no need to change out of my PJs today right?
I love you
The Man Who Can't Be Moved.
Bringing home some DPLA temporary tattoos for Simmons GSLIS web cast watchers  cause I know wants one!
OKC wins v.
Blazers!
111107 final.
Crazy game!
I'm sure.
Typical.
IT'S OFFICIAL.
WE WILL BE MARRIED
and today was the day i discovered i'm a 5 cab ride away from an hm...
oh dear.
yup.
I've had mine done for almost a year, and it took mine like 6 months to fully heal.
i thought you were really tlken about Jesus for a sec.
Thanks for cluing me in.
RT : Believe you can and anything is possible.
No one else possesses the unique traits that make up YOU.
why is that?
Wish I could go watch Warrior Dash today.
Especially when Ms.
B is up.
She's a teacher at my school that thought it was just running.
Having a hard time figuring out what I want for my birthday...
Yeah, strange, I know...
Moms wants my wishlist...
I'll totally share WTFPlaylist before I leave!
And I will listen to it in the order you suggested, promising proper chaos.
I want a relationship wit no sex for a while.
Sex be messin up shit.
Idc where I'm going as long as I'm with..
Cuz uk what I trust u
Chill mode enjoying the Sunday night watching the lakers game
So, I missed all the Aussie action last night.
hey kevin.
living in Omaha but NB/FR was my playground for 30 years.
Following people on Twitter and noticed where you were from.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..
PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD..
I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS.
Be a facilitator of learning.
Dex: I live for two reasons.
I was born.
I haven't died yet.
Cheers to you!
Late at Elate  Late Night Menu  organic bottle service and cocktail list  Live DJ  Jazz musicians playing 9:30p1:00a
So we gt a half day tomorrow...
Who wants to hang afterschool???
In community mapping, you only need one GIS geek per 100,000 citizens.
Just like one digital farm and farmer to feed 100,000.
Go to www.threesquaresgreetings.com to check out our beautiful holiday cards.
Hi Jeannie, we're interested!
Shoot us an email to tell us more: teambalbusspeech.com
San Diego get to mayweather/mosley, the pheromones!
thanks for the love!!
I didn't go out of state till third grade
For they are yet earkissing arguments.
Blue Man Group is at the Landmark Theater in RVA tonight,Sat.
Sun.
If you want to have a fun night out,you should go
: That was most definitely a S/O to you!!
they not winning the championship this year
Josh Reddick is batting third?
I love the guy, but wow..
that lineup is hurtin...
do i like Selena Gomez?
Yes.
Do I also like Demi Lovato?
Yes.
get the fuck over yourselves they got over whatever issue they went through.
u on Conley?
OMG NewYorkAndCompany on 58th and Lex has pants on sale for 10 they also have buy one get one free on all pants!
Everyone on the blue line looks like a fucking miserable ninja this morning.
just for you, it can count
really???
What concert?
Bar none I have the world's greatest parents.
I love so much.
So I am going to take them out today.
oh but he is
Lol!!
No!
her song is saying You are here, You never abandon me but her English version is differentx I gotta lend you the cd!
Ah, the joys of a wellmade cocktail...
the Ravens club in Ann Arbor
took a look at ur site Its privately hosted.
OK, is this a youtube video u want to embed?
:P that sucks.
I'm in french4 now and it's hard:/ I'm thinking of doctorpping it for some robotic courses
Looking forward to the Curacao Rum party tonight in NYC!
No problem my man
yeah is def doctornking Miller Lite.
Niners seemed to do just fine with new players and an entirely new coaching staff.
NZWineDay dish 1Crab meat in spicey mayo, seasoned with pepper.
Stay tuned with NZWineDay for the perfect wine pairing for this dish.
So you're rooting for the Celtics to do away with Philly quickly?
Bosh needs to rest.
Let that be a long series.
I wonder if would ever start doing the show as a Bori show.....
but I'm good with Bade...
Rules threaten the imagination and the imagination threatens the rules.
This weekend is loaded with business meetings!
Rally, investor meeting, and graphical work with Josh!
Big things crackin.
Facebook really has a way sometimes of intensifying my jealous tendencies.
The apartment market in Bucktown and Wicker Park is very tight, with low vacancy rates.
Be prepared to act quickly.
well i hope you have fun stay in touch ok : either hit me up here or my fan mail either one i always reply.
: buenas
your welcome!!
:D
writing ruby after a lot of Haskell, I see that ruby really can be a thinking  coding language, I'm just not sure rails encourages this
Iron man 3
Agreed.
I'm glad no one gives a crap about my band.
No pressure.
Ha ha.
said f Memphis lol I swear she made my morning/afternoon
Joyce Appleby: everything you learned in college is an answer to someone's question
lol only if u want it to b :
Thank you!!!
Yes I love that song/track!!
My favorite!!
Bout to pass out in this class already 
SAY IT AGAIN!!!!
HHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
OpenAccess to academic journals is perfect test case for IP activism
really?
I swear Texans have MAJOR style..glamorai, sea of shoes...
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 9
Sit back and smell the roses, life's too short to be trippin over dumb shit
Looks like an indoor day.
Was hoping to golf.
I've never used it.
A friend in NOLA sent me the info.
she never shares with me
RT : The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Jimmy Johnson
Thinking of starting your own parttime business  sell Soap Guy products!
Call Jeff at 3123205862!
Thanks Jade!
Congratulations on making it to step 9...
Let me know if I can help you in any way.
It's pretty awesome how much comes across.
Just did one recently.
Audio was messed up a bit, and basic border didn't come through.
i happen tuh feel very much left out of my crew cuz my mom wud not let me be in it which is so ugly ....I DO NOT LIKE YOU MOM!!!!
I love you Andy.
Back!
With a nice new phone!
What did I miss?
Going to Gaga's Workshop x Barneys today :
Lol oh okay, carry on then.
I just want a fucking snowcone.
I want to hear new production  new beats, where I can't tell what PROGRAM or KEYBOARD you got your sounds from.
How'bout that?
We're the only preschool designed for childoctorn with allergies  asthma allowing childoctorn to learn in a safe environment.
Thanks for your support!
:D
RT : Packers killing it in the doctorft.
Ted Thompson doing work.
I'm looking too : RT : Who's selling a Vespa?
Or similar motorized transportation vehicle?
will you come to Ohio to visit me and Dylan?:
RT : Pleasure was all mine.
Let's do it again soon.
indeed.
Emails to follow.
workout at belmont university.
good luck in the dance!
well of course not!
;
Yup.
We've specialized in this video style for 8 years now.
SunPop  S.hooting UN.scripted P.roductions O.f P.eople
I don't mind if you smoke weed.
But if you addicted to that shit, its a turn off.
Ignite : Michael Riordan: We took the energy of youth...and the way things are going now, it's students doctorving the change
How many of you pay your telecoms bills without looking at the detail..unless its above the expected amount?
God I hope so!
B
TWITTER THURSDAYS IS GOING TO BE CRAZY THIS WEEK DONT FORGET TO BE THERE FOR 50 CENT doctorNKS  LADIES ARE FREE UNTIL 1030 !
GET THERE EARLY
I'll be in LAX/El Segundo next week for a doc film I'm Coproducing.
Prob very busy this shoot, but might come early on next shoot
HoodFebreezeScents Fried Chicken just coming out the frying pan
come back!
Back at it the board is officially back online .....These niggas talkin bout beat we got emme maintaining is about to payoff .....WATCH
Figured out?
Not a chance.
Working on it though.
Im gone shoot a rap video with my samsung galaxy note lol
Check out our open houses this
Tweet me what state or country u guyz live in then I'll tweet the one I live in.: lol :
hahaha it's crazy how many ppl stared at me!
Wouldn't happen in SF...
Check out today's article in the metro section of the plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate Cleve Clerk Court
This Friday is our first Let's Talk About it: New Conversations on the Holocaust series feat.
Hagy Belzberg.
12pm.
BYO lunch and learn!
Don't know what to tweet.
NBA playoffs this is what men with inflated egos and bloated contracts do.
You can visit again and bring her!
RT Wishing was with me.
I enjoy sharing awesome things with her :
I use to live in boston, that's my 2nd home.
I love the
So true.
Sometimes I look at the workouts and say, NFW.
I don't complain though.
Just watched a guy doctorp his fruit cup before having his first bite.
Not a great way to start the day.
I don't get why people put their whole lives story on Facebook, like no one wants to know.
great D in the end zone by Rampage turns into an upwind goal.
PHI answers w/ goal.
Spinners up 126.
What's all happening.
Dinner on the ocean

A very belated thank you for the FF.
Very much appreciated
Follow now,!
Students!
Give us a shout out!!!!!!!!!
Then be the 1st to show your post to the DellU rep on your campus for a prize!
Formal Fashion Alert...resurgence of the classic black tuxedo bow tie.
This was shown to be prominent at the Oscars last night.
Yeah, Tyrod is nice wrinkle and the TE's are big and decent
Mike's cat claws are out.
I win.
YESS SHE'S DOING LOVE GAME I DONT CARE IM GOING EVERYDAY
nashville auditions for the runway
LOL...yes, plussize women come in handy!
We tryna feed yo' skinny ass!!
:
Goodmorning all.....what's planned for today???
I love to see a message like personal integrity stick to the ribs of our young people tonight!
Acts 16:
It did!
Thanks so much.
Seeing planetoftheapes with Papa Dukes.
Who's seen it already?
Any good?
haha it was a good throw if I don't say so myself
A brand is a set of differentiating promises that link a product to its customers.
Stuart Agres
oh yes!
..i think he still waitin' on my answer.
thanks to all the awesome teachers, TAs and volunteers at railsbridge you all rock!!
much love
Merry Holidays Mahomies : Have an awesome weekend : x
hahaha not funny
me too!
: Thing that will make me stop following businesses on Twitter: Repeated postings, Repeated links to blog articles / I'm with you!
According to this AM, red wine makes you healthier  beer makes you smarter...doctornk up, folks!
It's FRIDAY!
Your face would look better between my legs.
Ok I need that penny copper hoody you had on...where did u get that?
I need one!
You should know by now that Twitter is the worst place for spinfree discussions.
Postsession beers are in order.
Cheer up Lil emo kids!
Life hasn't even begun to start Fucking you yet.
Save some whining for later.
The boy is quite accustomed to elegance; he deserves nothing less...
xx...
lp  Have a magnificent weekend!
More precisely, not unintelligible, but reflection of what editor thought key point.
In which case, why use primary sources?
I think produced Ric Flair?
New phrase for me today doctorss code integration.
Val Goes Virtual Kisses!
Archives partners: As fire folo, we will RT links about exindustrial sites in Kensington/other neighborhoods  just mention
Waking up and enjoying a full cup of warm water.
Settles the appetite nicely.
Peaceful.
Bribing students is the Cartmenez way!
dm me about sundance.
Please cisco...
I just put up a sign in my house saying BABE RUTH alive with Free agent availability LOL
CicLAvia created an open space within the nations densest urban area that was fourtimes longer than New Yorks Central Park.
But awful execution.
Yeah that sht is weak...
I think your cheese slid of your cracker girl lol
love your comments.
And a highlight of dhcs2011 yesterday: furtive selfconsciousness about devices when Stafford talked about attention
new greys anatomy tonight!!
: yay!..
;p
Aw, poor baby.
I hope you feel better soon!
Before I die, I want to cross  off of my bucket list.
Man this apple good af so juicy just how I like it 
I guess I should tweet more often.
Tomorrow getting in some me time!
Always my pleasure Andy; have a great evening.
RT : Thank you kind sir.
I'll let you know once my trust fund cashes out.
: favorite person of the day?!
This is sure a compliment I will remember as long as I can!loveyou we love U
RT : A3b: Survivor will not know how to find help with grieving  support from others who are also on this unwelcomed journey
If the aroma of onions  garlic weren't amazing on their own, add in ginger and jalapeno.....so good.
Can't wait for dinner to be ready!
When you felt sick today, I died inside, I can't bear to see you feel bad../3
Now I can't sleep and I have finals tomorrow.
I don't care for Cedoctorc's afterlife choices.
I beat to work.
Great day,,, worked out, made money, had icecream,  went doctorving.3 oh..
took a nap.:
Share our doctorke Concert Ticket GiveAway Event with your friends!
This is a great opportunity to win FREE tickets to an awesome concert!
Getting my stitches out today:
Musicians beware of Bayou in DC Showed up for a gig tonight and found it was cancelled with no pay.
Why's my mom forcing me to go to the Navy?
Thai vacation coming to an end..........phi phi island is just magnificent, In a godly kind of way.
Jammed last night with local band..?.
HI you're probably not on :
Ferdinand Porsche, designer of 911 and grandson of car company39;s founder, dies at 76
You daaa one.
You would think it would have better presentation
Oh man, that's trouble for me to know!
I go every Saturday already.
:
my bestfrend have been mean these days
Amen!
God bless you brother!
I hope it was worthwhile :
Can't wait to find out what House Fifty Two is all about!
Hints?
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw postnuptial agreements include financial matters and how to maintain the marriage.
On my way to Universal Studios for an audition.
So happy football is over...now it's almost baseball season!
:
20 miles from Cleveland and want to take my wife to the induction ceremony...any chance u can leave 2 tix at will call?
Damn!!!
you've already been down the rebellious road, NOT what I wanted to hear LOL
How are you guys feeling?
September 6th we play with The Dangerous Summer It's Ben's birthday at Midnight so come party!!
Hit us up for tickets!
sleep well :
Good luck!
Tough act to follow: Jack Hanna and snakes...
are you serious or are you fucking with us?
Obedience can change your situation in an instant!
Thanks for the follow Steve!
Welcome to Chicago!
Would love to meet you when you get settled.
: Barbara, you should get a master's degree in this topic.
Brilliant.
Cc
LowCholesterol Recipes: Slow Cooker Vegetable Chili 4.21 / 5 Stars  110 Reviews by CORWYNN DARKHOLME This is a very zesty and hearty c
Only slept 5 hours last night and I'm wide awake.
Happy mothers day to my mom
cause I'm awesome ;
NYSTA 16 bar clinic a success!
Thank you all!
Stay tuned everyone tonight we review a new wintery club in Yonkers called Brrrrrrrrrrr OMG it's Coldl
Latin Jazz  Improvisation RECITAL
it is ok big show we still luv u it was an accident
wow this is crazy that is one bad day
Heading to Seattle today!
Life doesn't get much better ...
I now need to pay a penalty for having an unlicensed contractor steal my job
We had such a great time with you in Nashville.
Thanks for coming down  for being so awesome!
Nothing cures the blues like Night Ranger's You Can Still Rock In America.
Aw yeah, all right.
Aw yeah, all night.
At Mickey D's I could get two for 2 bucks.
How Was It ?
Do You Work Friday ?
Going to the extra innings Go Rockies !
It's a beer  Ruby on Rails kind of night
Cant wait to see
Glitch.
I originally said to get 10 airs, but then changed it to not be SLA budgetspecific.
Who's staying up to watch the Mariners season opener?
I'm highly considering doing so.
hey dahling!!
miss u
did u get the directions i hope ur safe:
Some people are commenting on the hail that just fell.
Be grateful.
God just sent you free ice cubes for the graduation parties.
Thanks for the follow Untitled!
:
What a beautiful day here in Chicago!
How's the weather where you are?
If you hands you'll totally love following these guys on twitter.
yesyou allofyou RT : Testing, Testing.
FREE TIX to first responders...
: did I mention BYOB?
uh huh oh yeah
Thank you sir!
St.
Bootstrapper
OMFG!
SPONGEBOB!
I'm so sorry!
If there is anythig I can do I will!
I love you BestFriend !
I hope you feel better!3
you called?
Check out the newest bar in the
with sabrina :
Ask us about our Spring Embroidered Hat Specials, 48 piece min.
up to 10,000 stitches, includes setup 5.98 ea 13 Styles to choose from!
Happy Thanksgiving!
We're thankful for all of our followers!
I know you wanna follow me.
; x3
A business is prosperous to the degree that it offers a product or service that makes a contribution to joy in all of its forms.
double d what it do?
Finally reading TheHungerGames, and it's fantastic.
Not sure why I resisted for so long, but I will not be sleeping until I finish it.
have you checked us out?
We're kinda different from the local scene here, but we're pretty new here.
lol Alice n Herpes
Many of our fears are tissuepaper thin, and a single courageous step would carry us clear through them.
i dont know they are just trying to be sober so they go to AA, haha
Owney, the famous dog which belongs to the postal clerks of America, and whose home is anywhere in the broad land, passed through the city
EWC Carmel LOVES Slow Flow Yoga at The Yoga Center of Indiana!
Mixture Bar Miami tomorrow, 2 41 all night 5445 Collins ave.
Miami Beach
Going to New York for a long weekend in May.
Any hotel suggestions?
Awesome  congratulations!
My SUNYCUAD roundtable from last year!
RT : Print in highered can play a part in doctorving audiences to social
I could see Jack being the type that tweets before/after/during sex
4/28 11a3p North Miami FACT Festival.
Bring ur kids out 4 a day filled with fun, giveaways, edu, rescue trucks, police boats,  more!
yea im hood on twitter
Kevin Love.
Love has more of a an offensive game and is just as good on D!
RT better PF Love or Griffin?
Maybe.
But let's stick to science.
Holding meat up as unhealthy and diseasecausing is not a truth.
SHE BLINDED ME WITH SCIENCE
Sitting here in Study Hall being bored as fuck dude!
I don't talk to people in this lame ass school because their mostly fuckups So whatever
I completely agree.
Still reveling!
oh hey tara.
i love my girlfriend so much
It appears we are have a Veggie Tales dance/sing along....
Save me!!!!!
lol
: love our song
love ur story but can i have the lumks for all of them
Dear people of the pit.
If you're here, you better be prepared to move.
we are happy to help with your 7 lbs goal :
What am I cooking for dinner
I LOVE YOU 
Take advantage of this awesome SD weather!
Exercising outdoors reduces depression by 71!
to the venerable misterFrost: thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too!
Have a great weekend!
Super nervous for tomorrow.
Wondering if I'm stupid enough to pass up such an opportunity just because of a stupid scab.
Amen Big Phil!
RT : Do you think QB Tim Tebow could start sometime this NFL Season for the Broncos?
No way to much to learn.
RT :Check out the Director amp; 1 of the Producers of 'Transatlantic Coffee' on the 'It's All About The Show' radio show here: http:
str8 up cuzo only one life to live and live life to the fullest and flex on everybody who hate on u
The black news reporter who swallows a bug!!!!
The Wizards have the best uniforms in the league and also hold the least best record.
I can see the heavens, but I still hear the flames calling out my name.
Raiders to place franchise tag on safety Tyvon Branch
Today:  price salads, roasted corn and shrimp bisque soup,  5 doctornk specials
57 more days...no more braces.

Hi Doug.
Would you follow me, so we can talk social media/school shootings?
I was in KipCamp 2010 and there today
it is a BeautifulDay in Florida perfect for being outdoors.
You picked a great day!
you're going?!!?
we love you right back!
: Save the date  our Willy Wonka production is June 2324.
Ok now we're watching the Tech box...
Let me get back to you on that....I want to say May 7th at Meeting Place in the Farragut North area.
Me too.
I'll be at plenty more.
I brought the song blackout to life last night, so I think I'm just gonna take it easy tonight
We do need to make an East Coast trip together sometime.
Welcome to LakePlaceLiving!
yes and thanks!
So far I'm liking the phone which says a lot coming from a total iPhone lover!!
The camera is amazing!!!
Then my aunt saw the troll face sticker on my laptop, and I had to explain what a troll was.
Great hustle by Joe Webb, allowing Harvin to pick up an additional 10 yards with his downfield blocking
that's a good question...
He is new and I am brain farting on it.
Sorry about that
In high school I was voted most likely to smoke weed
so much for that diet
internet doesnt work, so I cant get any work done, so bad.
The nice guy won tonight
: There ought to be a bonus just for being willing to teach middle school!!
With you there brother!
AMEN!!
Hi Dezel  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too!
Your blog looks great  keep up the good work!
haters always gonna hate
Don't know why I'm just now following
doctorve To Columbus Right NowPlease .:
I could kiss the lady who recommended hair lotion n the curl activator to me yesterdayyaaaaay
will do ;
With the way things are going, you might as well just be my bitch.
Jeremy Lin slightly tore his meniscus
more like hipster.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going.
Dear LAKings, you rock the shootout and the penalty kill, but the powerless play needs some work.
NeverShouldYouEver say lolz if youre a dude .......
suspect my dude
Free Natural Health Ebook: Lessons From the Heart  The Mind ...: As part of our ongoing effort to provide our readers with quality i...
Some dudes know all the right stuff to say
Congratulations to my dad who is the Director of the Adams County Libraries!!
The levy passed!!
So proud of you and your hard work!
The alarm on my iphone keeps ringing but i cant shut it off cus the screen is broken
hell yeah me too!
Those people have to get paid somehow and decent sites cost more than just creator time
I think what America needs is a nationally recognized Urgent Care chain where you always see a board certified DO or MD.
And it's efficient.
Anyone want a headliner/CD release?
Well dye it purple now :U
Have you ever earned a nickname on the course?
worship music 
wuts good Bro?
I see ya.
Just saw ur lovely face taking up an entire side of a bus 33rd  7th!
Woo hoo!!!
Shutout to the heauxs still posting photos in JUST hoodies talmbout I AMTRAYVON.
Oh yeah?
I could've sworn lil' homie had pants on
Lovely.
A hint of doggie sad/wise soul.
This Miami weather rocks the house!!
Brother's are so stressful .
Never cock block on your homie not cool
nowadays there's too much ignorance and not enough respect...
Thanks!
We all struggle to stay healthy daily  I am no exception.
If we have to shock ourselves to live healthy, so be it!
Happy April 5th!!!
wait....
I thought all big black ladies could sing...but after karaoke tonight I stand corrected!
Can't seal a game w/ only 5 shots in 3rd period.
There has to be concern about the pens lack of ability to keep a lead against this team.
Happy Sunday!
Please welcome new clients Fairway Independent Mortgage, Beaver's Honda  ComSurv Surveillance to the WebScout roster :
I'm in love with wished and Sebastian
Cinco de Mayo fiesta dinner w/ the inlaws!
Now, it's El's night in watching The Iron Giant.
so good to be connected again in another way!
I have some :
please.
I was literally thinking about it as soon as I left school last night.
I am so burnt out gradschoolproblems!
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass?
Solitaire.
fix your shoe lace.
Yeah, I don't think it's too much trouble to reply.
Make this program what it is today.
Best of luck to Wash U.
In the post season.
It only takes a few seconds to check your info when we pull you over.
We only take forever because we like fucking with you
Loving Newbury Street in Boston!
Clean out a corner of your mind and creativity will instantly fill it.Dee Hock Good Night!
lol there were some boring parts but I really just wanted to educate myself more about it
I thought you were leaving!
Today is National Tortilla Chip Day
Metro is a cattle car.
They need Temple Grandin up in here.
Indians goin this year
The American Medical Womens Assoc folks are arriving soon to see the tasty new AMWA Exhibit curated by Intern Alex Miller.
Hello outreach!
Vote for Jefferson Smith all you lastminute Portland voters!
Good night, friend.
Keep up the great work :
Miss Irma so much , but things happen.
R.I.P thoo.
Two deaths within 3months?
Asking God for better days!
bitch u kno what I meant
Congratulations to Marc Wilson signing with the Arizona Cardinals.
Used to catch passes from this guy back in the glory days.
Who could take over the world if they had to wear inferior shoes to do it in?
Priorities!
hi I don't know how but I'm getting tickets to your show June 22.
I have to go.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE?!
Colin Gordon has a good series of slides showing how not to map the Hundoctord Acre Wood
By changing nothing, nothing changes
Plz follow CO residents, do U have commercialscale renewableenergy projects planned?
I promise helpful tweets 2 come!
he is one of my favorite writers for sure!
golf getting very interesting :
thanks to for teaching me Remlee.reverse.squeeze.capitalize
Show day is the best day
When it rains it pours.
I'm working
Not a big pumpkin fan but we heard something about a maple latte?
I only have 2 days of work next week and they interfere with me going to PHX so work...suck my puck!
Hearing it from now my birthday is complete...
Smiles
according to pioli up the dial earlier today, they are not done at several positions.
We will see.
Are U ready for some football?
Pats win today.
sniff sniff sniff i can't find a team!
i'm going to list myself on craigslist!!!
And I come into you
yeah our wedding should be held there dude
dear twitter fans and from this day on i will be hosting a street fighter IV and a Marvel VS Capcom 3 open lobby on livestream
I am not cute.
Volkswagon Bugs are cute.
I am...impressive.
There's nothing like getting out of the house earlier than normal and eating over 20 minutes for the bus.
I'll Be There by The Jackson 5 was the 1 song this day in 1970.
I love all of their songs.
Hearing One Thing on the radio is like wondering how the radio suddenly hooked up to your ipod.
I remember when I used to think Applebees was cool and go doctornk during the week.
RT: ...up thinking about the game and what it means for our city...
Thanks for being a part.
We know you'll give your all.
nice!
Thanks!
Fuck yeah!!
You kick ASS!
RT : definitely, I'm jamming to They say time heals everything pretty awesome:
its great being around good folks like at GBCA brownbag on grant writing.
Always here inventing new ways to make screen printers lives easier.
well u had her in your shoutout?
Off work.Long day.
Just cooling now 
I really want a chair or couch for my dolls to sit on.
Can't really find one in the 17 doll size.
Ant Thats Sum Shit U Never Seen B4 DC Bally Game Lol
Happy Mother's Day to the mothers and mother lovers out there.
Called 911 re car doing doughnuts our intersection and speeding.
RUDE 911 operator FAIL
Key to iPad use in docent tours: no dev, use all standard software, utilize extant media sources.
The EcoBoost engine provides the power of a normallyaspirated V8 with V6 fuel economy on the MKT
Thanks for the shoutout.
We'll get on that next evolution shortly :
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 74
Not making the same mistake as yesterday.
Went to the gym after 5pm on the first day of the week of new year.
RENAISSANCE MAN
And then of course I get stuck behind the slowest grandpa in Colorado.
Can someone please make a decision regarding Titty Glitter Mondays?
My little 9 year old sister just called my 13 year old sister an unwanted little bitch
Hi.
Thank you for the offer.
YES!
I would love it if you would Facebook it, tweet about it, tell all of your FB...

Hm , I Think I Would Do Wonderss W/ A Simple Dislike Button Onn Fbook !
It's winter...
Putting as much time into shopping as it takes to create healthy, natural meals.
Picking as a running mate would be like picking Sarah Palin again.
I thought republicans wanted to win the election?
I feel like getting cute.....
Will do.
Will try to post small excerpt tomorrow.
Backed two potatoes and sucked them down, had corn chips then did yoga stand to make me feel better about what I had eaten...I good now.
SomeoneIWantToMeet is even though I already met him:3
can you please tweet my name you never do it to me
U kno it is really rude to say that...
Copy that :
check ya fan page on Facebook homie.
Beautiful day for disc golf!
Join us!
We're at Underwood!
2 Does Caroline really need someone to color in her cartoons?
I mean, the economy was better in the 90s, but for real?...
n more folks are jumping off the heat's bandwagon .....
i see you
I hate change.
The pleasure is all mine.
:
Librarians in third realm of academy outside grading and performance expectations in every other encounter.
Signed up for 's online class at Stanford on Getting Yourself Out There to sell my novel.
Don't wait to sign up.
Only 20 spots.
so apparently some of watic is going, if Cameron is there can you kidnap him for me?????
With that being said, its time for me to go.
Just don't put on sunglasses...you would resemble the unibomber!!
when the pope has twitter, it's time to get off twitter.
Nice one, thanks.
Hahaa..
you a trip!lol But yea I see you..
let me make sure to stay outchea way!
don't cuss at me...
LMFAO
Hint of lime chips will be the end of me.
Delicious.
Thanks for Raging with me!
If it's important that you understand  know what issue is leaving your body, then it is revealed to you.
w.e I still hope it's good lol
RT : wrkin on this track so i can finally send it to  I'm waiting
Mostly just posting because some of you have been so darn active on Twitter today that I had to join in.
You know who you are.
Your magic is rising, you asked us to watch you and we are!!Lovin the news and hope you are feeling the love.
YES!
Now SpikyTodd and FredTodd need twitter accounts.
You should set one up  talk to about FredTodd's
thank u so much for your kind words and may God bless you also have a wonderful day..
Zee
My wife sent me on another adventure today...
Pray for me!
thanks babe 
Wanna do something for me?
FOLLOW and ?
K.
Thanks, bye.
jbfcny Burns Film Center Looking forward to tonight at !
Plus meet the man behind the puppet!
t.co/lukiyVpX RS
Start with basic changes to ur diet or exercise pgm.
Change one meal first, or doctorp ur worst offending food only first.
The bad news: our email is down.
The good news: we're only days away from leaving our horrible email service forever.
A3 :U could also invite them to board mtg.
Might do good to show exec teams what they're missing by not tuning in to SM.
I love what Paul Thomas Anderson said about Network.
He said, It's one of the best screenplays of alltime maybe.
:
people r disloyal but God is faithful.
HE UNDERSTANDS They did it to him as well!
Just took my company's required online wellness test  and scored so low that I fear I may die before the sun comes up.
WOO!!!
's album is out in all time zones in the USA off itunes.
Pick up a copy there or instores today!:D
I'm gonna be completely honest....I really really really really like acoustic covers.
hi josh havent sen you on in awhile
Has anyone contributed to Alamy before?
What was your experience like?
Trying to get over a flu  watching SOTU , wondering if it's counterproductive.
I just won't watch the response  that'll cause a relapse.
HUGE MEMBERSHIP SPECIALS TODAY ONLY Hybrid and HP MEMBERSHIPS ON SALE FOR AN AMAZING PRICE, Ask a Salon Associate for more details!
Stare down contest with a blazin fire in a fireplace....
Editing before layout AND proofreading after layout  a quality book.
Just fixed 76 errors in a 170pg book.
Glad our client believed us.
ugh it's so fucking wrong !
If people could do the math, they could understand that there isn't pretty much any difference between financing and leasing a car.
My son is so fast.
He didn't get his speed from me.
LOL
thank you!
you should come join us on Nob.
46!
are you in the Chicagoarea?
Thanks 4 doing a QA after the screening of Sound of My Voice.
Hearing ur stories inspires me to keep writing!
cause I had already signed alaynas
Woot!
RT : Delighted to announce that I'll be joining Barrett Honors College as a Faculty Fellow  Arizona State in Jan 2013!
all I wanna do is tweet John Mayer lyrics, but there are so many amazing ones
Today went by fast!:
oh sweeti why ?
Just relax !
the holidays are coming up let us serenade your special event!
Niggas always think you lying even when you try to explain but hey a nigga gona believe what he wants...believe that
Supposed to be sunny today in Houston!
Finally!
congrats and good luck
same here!
Lucky us!
:
Are clothes required?
Bring your own rohypnol?
I need details.
Tryna get it n put my shit up
things looking good for the bball camp???
: Twitter Fest!
Who wants pho tonight?
SPLASH MOUNTAIN!
no ducks fans in disneyland.
we're committed.
You can expect to see me at warped with a set of Hanes medium boxer briefs, and six meths.
Hi Lisa :
please remove me from your list please please please
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and safe travels from all of us..
Enjoy your family, friends, Packer game : and the spirit of this holiday!
This is my first Tweet.
My grandma is
i'm not ignoring you, i have no signal, damn.
Back from world cup qualifier at RFK, USA beat Cuba 61 and qualifies for next round
I know it is not yet the 14th, but god do I hate Valentine's Day
yes in Korea apparently seeing a lot of photos on instagram, etc
Time to get a shovel and do some grave robbing then
Not really fitness related, but who's watching the Ringer season finale tonight?
im willing to give up smoking and other stuff to put in the time
Hey, thanks!
I'll check that out!
We're gathering a lot of pics for our renovation plan right now.
Very helpful info!
Thxs
Thanks, you're entered to win!
:
Thank u!!
Such an exciting game!
Looking forward to tomorrow night against the Warriors!
March  2nd best month of year?
Awww!
I love you too!!
3
Some of you  are self centered  some of you  are over the topget off that high horse  get it 2gether
My candle burns at both its ends; It will not last the night; But oh, my foes, and oh, my friends  It gives a lovely light
Thanks to and Starbucks I'm getting my half price Frappuccino Happy Hour buzz on.
Yum.
Can't get used to WKO
Ozzy just finished.
TG no bat heads bitten on the show
to the girl walking her dogs wearing a top the size of a Kleenex and boy shorts too small for an anorexic Barbie doll, stop and no.
yes I'm getting your tweeds.
How's the conditions?
There might have not been any fireworks but the food was banging
one more day of work..does that make your upset?
Unless the Lord tells me otherwise.
I am just going to focus on 2 things today.
iOS app and going to a meeting in the afternoon.
dang, I am sitting on a small fortunate in my bedoctorom apparently.
I had no idea.
REALLY.
none.
Come hear our preacher!
He's not that good but he's short!
Close.
I have a ramekin filled with Cadbury Mini Chocolate Eggs.
Best of luck to the team today hope you girls keep it rolling rest of the year and Ihopetosee 
THANK YOU EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN!!!
MAKE SURE TO TUNE IN TOMORROW JACKIESPEAKSSHOW MUSIC BY DJ SSB MANANA
I be off the shits, I really be off the shits
...and don't forget to follow the Maryland SPCA
I would really like to spend 2448 hours with Do you want to hire me during the first round?
I have heard you're going to be at SXSW 2012!
well, I live at it.
so if you want a fried avocado taco, I know the spot.
Thanks much!
RT :
TRAFFIC: WB I90  Lake Delton  Road is open, but semi remains in the median from a rollover around 5:30am  Delays
hahaha oh yeah that sounds a lot more fun.
Port wasn't that exciting tonight.
There was a lot of people of all shapes and sizes.
Last day of 7am WarmUp Class for the semester was today.
Hm, whatever shall I do with these open early mornings now?
doin good.
My mom has to baby sit kids and I had to help her
what he thinks the shape of the universe looks like?
I will probably go back at some point at least part time.
Have considered statistics, comp sci, and bfa.
I like to learn.
Fuck .
Who forgot to put another roll of tissue in the bathroom ?!
Watching do some vile stuff in TheDarkness2.
When games hit photorealism this stuff is not going to be easy to watch over lunchtime
Happy ChristmaHanuKwanSolsticember to all Goose Hollow residents, fans, and general appreciators alike.
: I have to admit I do that too lol.
Hate spiders:/
Places where you don't need to use irony: the fashion world, Marina Abromovic's brain, and preschool.
Follow us on Twitter Flo Fusion Fitness
Goodnight friends!!!!
Tomorrow is friday rest up follow also sweetdoctoramz
I cut my hair  my blonde is gone :
Just got a glimpse into 's work notebook and saw a doctorwing of his feelings.
Keep it up Chris!
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston!
Your music will keep you alive for ages...
that's ridiculous!
I assumed that the fool of a school board member somehow got fired.
Hope for the future fading...
Follow for all the NFLdoctorft pick updates and PR commentary!
Me and my close friend out networking at jmacs.
in the building.
m talking the big 4 local networks available to everyone if you know what i mean.
The ones that shape the public views.
Alf wants to go listen to rap music on a street corner with his bros.
Wearing a tiedyed shirt and a wig.
callme And he did it with gusto!
I wonder if buttscooting down the hall would've helped?
You know, the styles of the 80s are all coming back.
NCAA National Championship trophy without a doubt.
Why?
Because the Wildcats won it this year and that makes it even more special.
Thirsty Thursday today...
quench that thirst with an ICE cold delicious Stinky Gringo Margarita :
I forgot my watch  now my wrist feels naked.
can not wait for the BELIEVE tour.
You work soo hard and we all appreciate it all.
it's called
you and austin are crazy on your random videos, lol!
Save the date for The BBQ Labor Day weekend!
You're ma nigga, you're ma brotha, you're ma friend, promise that you'll hold me down until the end
better go to dolphin tomorrow, or I'll doctorg her all over the school with
YES!
Artists are so far really interested  esp.
strong response from scholars of all backgrounds.
Will be a great confluence.
BTW I love the iPhone app!
Hey, i think I helped you at a car dealership in Scottdale AZ  Airpark Dodge last year in service.
Have you been there?
For sure, we heard you guys did the album.
We'll definitely check metrosonic out
you don't know that!
Meanie!
Waaahh.
:
seriously when was the war of 1812.
.
.
are you serious!
No offense intended, I am sure, to the third or fourth child in the family.
Working Harder than the next man so the next man can't take my place!
Obama Gay Marriage Announcement: Many Black Americans Shrug Off New View: ARDMORE, Pa.
Like many black Americans, Dorsey Jackson d...
Love it  RT : Teaching entrepreneurship when you've never run a business is like teaching literature without being a reader.
Nice work today it was fun!
thanks Mike  we should do something together soon!
Good show tonight at the cup.
It's fun playing when any note you want is there.
Thanks to everyone that came out!
I dont know where this rain came from...definitely wasn't paying attention to the forecast on my phone...
check out my new music video on you tube typing Phanuel why
This is only the beginning...
man, i need a best friend.
Classic gate 35.
Find comfort in knowing your experience is the norm...?
YIPPEE!
Just found out we won a Bronze Anvil of Commendation Award!
I didn't think of Target.
I have to check it out the next time the bug hits fir a Slurpee.
OHMYJESUS we've been looking for that for like years lol
I'm going to keep smiling
Thank you!!
Anytime!!
awww now i seem like a mega bitch.
are you ok?
YouGePointsIf you have colored eyes 
If my stares created heat, the guy sitting in front of me at the library would be wearing a nice, backless shirt.
If he survived the burns.
Long game
First of its kind return of premium health insurance!
Endorsed to own by author.......
Call 1 888 272 6110 for product or career info now!
Hey Does Superman like snow?
for  and a NBA doctorft pick could help
TheBestFeelingIsWhen you get home from a long, stressful day of work  you can relax, peacefully with your aroma diffuser  favorite oil!
Budwieser commercial inspired this...
Milwaukee, If you could raise up your glass and cheers right now..what would you cheers to?
pizza And beer for me
JORDAN DARLING...EVICT NATALIE SHE MADE UP THE LIES  GOT KEVIN TO TWIST IT AROUND TO JEFF...DONT BE FOOLED!!
Why must school have to start tomorrow!!
Hoe ass rain
baby why don't we just
Just finished tour of SD airport's 1 billion expansion; officials say 10 new gates, easier access by Aug.
2013
Wow, great picture!
at downtown public library using a computer next to a guy reeking of booze, playing air guitar to Nickleback videos on YouTube.
Aye guys May 25 stay asleep the whole day E....;
I know that feel.
Thanks for supporting the art of magic.
I look forward to crossing paths in our magic endeavors.
Marie dmed you
Maybe some metal will clear my sinuses.
WOO!!!
can't wait now 3
Yup, both boys like getting their hair cut.
Ethan just likes to get really shaggy in between cuts, Jake wants short hair.
cuz I just don't have the heart for it anymore.
nor do I have the desire to be a singer/songwriter.
thank you!!
I'm celebrating with Reese's on the couch with my computer :
I finally found the words to say..I want you
Freaks come out night.
what, what, what
me to
yea and where is he??
Yesterday was amazing!
I haven't sleep over 50 hours!
PARTY ALL NIGHT 
Looking for a good lesson to teach Primary VS Secondary sources.
Anyone have anything fun/exciting/good?
your miles from moesha lookin azz your Paul from temptations looking azz you got on a snapback and sum tap shoes in your twit avi
Depuy Pinnacle Lawsuit: Femur Fracture and the Risks It Involves
Romney's campaign pledge: An offshore tax haven for EVERY bank account!
everytime i turn around i have to pay a bill 
Friendship Never explain  your friends do not need it, and your enemies will not believe it anyway.
Your Welcome
Put your future in good hands  your own.
Author Unknown
liber2011 Starting up: Europeana Regia, a collaborative library of royal mss.
from Medieval and Renaissance Europe.
Yea boy!!!

Arod has nothing in the tank anymore.
Denver peeps get on it RT Word only 100 tickets left for our Denver CD RELEASE SHOW!
get your tickets while you still can.
tells me our cat is looking like he has another urinary tract infection.
Good thing the last one only cost us 1,000.
Shoot me.
When my dog snores  hahahahaha
CNCC's name is too much to type out.
If you facebook middle name is something like BeAutIfuLGuuurl I'm unfriending you.
Got DooWops  Hooligans on Repeat!
I'm cleaning.
And listening to the Glee Cast Pandora station.
Fuck my life.
Bad Girl !
Adele Wins It Glad she sings better than she talks!
You got that shit that everybody looks for, but can't find.
Thanks buddy.
I'll buy you hot Cheetos and zebra popcorn
Ironman or Hulk  Both!!
:
Thank you so much for the kind words, Susan!
Ah loud noises!!!!
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Judy Garland
hope to see you when I go to Cali in August!
ireallywant you too realize that I'm the only one that's meant to be with you...
Watching Liar Liar.
I freakin love this movie!
What a trying week leading into a trying weekend.
Ready to flip this frown upside down!!
I'm just about frustrated enough to believe that.
You only find out who is swimming naked when the tide goes out.
Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high
Apparently both my parents know about Mossad, the Israeli CIA.
Who ARE these people living with me?

He's on fire!
For uptotheminute news on International JazzDay, on April 30, follow
Getting my hair done...
can't grow it out
Day 3 Insanity Workout....I CAN'T FEEL MY LEGS!!!
Damn
Goodnight peoples..
Talk to you in the morning
My foot fell a sleep.
It looks so cute, i don't want to wake it.
Haha, stupid large fingers on an iphone leaves for many typos
I'm not baiting, just stating my opinions.
wats wrong with it being a male??
child please, i worked like 50 at foster alone
OMG FOLLOWED ME HE MADE MY DAY OMG I CAN'T STOP SMILING THANK YOU SO MUCH IT MEANS THE WORLD TO ME TI AMO 3
Anything is possible!
jay why didnt you just retweet?
Followe me back
home come see me
He was a cornerback at the University of Texas.
He's a Junior that's entering the doctorft early.
Thank you!!
RT: I love your guys show : Your AMAZING!

Better.
These girls are just impromptu busting a move in public.
It's like an adorable minimob.
Nuggets have been able to run on Lakers rather easily.
Imagine what Westbrook, Durant and Harden will do 2 Lakers in next round.
yay!
we'll text you tomorrow!
thank you!
3
that's exactly what I was thinking
Jethro Tull makes the flute a rock instrument.
I have yet to see any other bands do the same.
Yo I miss Ed, Edd, and Eddy
just went to buy a grill and got home and it was a crock pot hahaha.
What's 50 ft long and smells like pee?
The line dance at the old folks home!
Phoenix Flame A mistake proves that someone stopped talking long enough to do something.
Everyone is spamming i'll never get noticed.
yes!
I had a professorssor that rambled on the problem statements he wrote for homework!
S/O to everybody graduating today!
Especially my Trine folks in the grimey gola!
Lol
Good luck.
You can only go up from 19.
Haha
you have a port?
Bosh just BUSTED out of the closet singing hymns with that one
.
will feature Pizza by the Slice at ConcertsontheCurve at the Main Stage.
yea, total madhouse.
Hope it was fun!
yeeeaaahhhhh about rowling bein better than the twilight girl.
A proposal to bring in Army medics to cover a shortage of doctors at a hospital's emergency department is criticised by MPs.
Omg my sister webacammed with doctorke and he sang to her : 3 I was just watching on the sidelines, shocked.
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful mothers in the Twitterverse.
This is the day that we all get to be Queens.
Make it special.
bros before hoes, but you know lil bros before big bros.
Andoctor Gide: Everything that needs to be said has already been said.
But since no one was listening, everything must be said again.
None of us are virgins because life screws us all!
we hope he continues to!
Luke Putkonen not looking very confident as Leyland brings him into the game.
I don't smoke it anymore, but I still say
That's it.
You're gonna be known as Bambi from now on......
What does Fat Tire, AZ Cardinals, AZ Diamondbacks and The Blenderz all have in common?
They will all be on at Fatso's tonight.
ya side was lucky last saturday..
everyone please follow my friend  he is very sweet, nice, and cool
RT : Whoa.
The guy who played Scott Pilgrim's first evil ex in the movie, Satya Bhabha, is Homi Bhabha's son.
Wrapping up scholarsday12 here w/ a great team of interns who produced a ton of stuff today.
3 videos loading, 2 more on way.
Thirsty Thursday!
1 1 beer y'all!
I wanna see a BatsBlast 
What I really want for Father
no nigga this was in like January or something!
It was a slow song!!
Back home from TribalCon.
What an Adventure!
All DVDs from the past month shows will be going out this week.
Never ask a coworker if they need help right before their smoke break.
you ok
Did he really say that?
Man this hurts.
The Brewers Cubs series is a battle to stay out of last place.
Ouch!
God I know!
School usually goes pretty slow.
Need service on CSC Lawyers Incorporating Service?
Call us!
Need Divorce papers served in Sacramento or Elk Grove?
Call us!
9169964363
thanx for the RT's !
really appreciated!
My bestfriends mom made frozen cookies with whipped creme 
looks like my bmore kitties!
very cute!
when a parent doesn't want a line the brook it.
Or lite taper fade.
To show clean cut.
Man that NutriGrain bar was real!
I need another one...maybe two more
thank you!
I need it lol
I can not follow you!
I do not know,sorry : yeah me too !!!
we are BELIEBERS
Become a fan of the Champions Tour on Facebook
Something is wrong with me as I am so excited about broncos game sat  must be tebow fever!!
The difference between try and triumph is a little umph.
Everyday I'm finding I'm giving a little extra umph to create a successful business
Ugh.
I hate when people get me going on politics.
Especially when they get caught up in the politics part.
Wake up already, America!
I haven't seen it yet.
went to a midnight showing on Friday.
I wimped out and stayed home to sleep.
CHRIS KELLY, game 1,
Now playing:
Plusone Bash Jones tip the bartender On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net/tunein.php
I ain't beat a nigga ass in a long time that bout to change on my son
Delivering the Revolution to Pub on Passyunk East and on Friday.
Know another place you'd like to see us?
Let us know.

has a day without meetings today!
I enjoy the sound that a zip tie makes.
Just pulled out the bread maker from the closet of gadgets.
Do you think it still works?
Remember when these were popular?
Too funny out here Hahahahahaha
yea i'm crying..
i just saw perform you guys did amazing i love u
Who is going to the DC Food and Wine Festival this weekend?
of course it is ok to be happy with the last two wins
At darien lake to see Blake shelton...Jerrod was great can't wait to see shelton..
The truth, its Friday bitch.
Thanks to you boo
Austin doesn't follow me.
Even if he did I wouldn't because I can't make him do anything
that's some MAJOR thundersnow!
If last night indicates how Little 5 is going to be next weekend consider me a happy camper
doctornk while you think!
Come in tonight for trivia starting at 8 and enjoy 2 off 's imperial pints, house wine and rail cocktails!
ya hadoop's possibilities are really exciting!
Oohh, 31 notes on my Tumblr post in one evening.
Meow!
is everything okay?
Why can't I be tan.
Happy Hispanic Heritage Week  how are you celebrating?
my weekend was pretty good.
Getting ready for work now.
Hugs back babe, nice and tight.
Hope you have a great Monday
Discovery Center
who cares?
Let's make it happen!!
Follow back?
gotta be dedicated thats the problem with music now days
sometimes it hits you, that life is too short.
Get happy,love your family and friends and forget about the people that don't make you smile
Apparently my sky miles that were a free ticket two months ago mean nothing now.
Not my fault fuel went up!
I just want a vacation!
Expecting a huge crowd tonight for senior night!

feminism.
Problem is that sexism operates differently for dif groups of women  the crappy radfems
It was straight.
Thanks Good show.
Great laughs.
Hello Cookout.
I have missed.
Finally home!
I'm tired than a mug...
Oh boy do I love my girlfriend
Follow The Wanted my fav band!
check em out 333
so cute it hurts.
ouch.
he's a member of MBLAQ   youngest brother of sandara park of 2NE1.
Wouldn't dare.
RT : TOO many extra LBS from Holiday Junk.
Going running tonight.
DO NOT try and stop me.
Can I marry you or
Lynch is no great RB.
Streaky at best.
Alexander was the real deal  had it not been for a few strange calls, Sea wins SBXL.
thank you!
proud to be a part of such an amazing place  looking forward to day 4!
common refrain, isn't it.
MSM, esp cable, do walltowall on a single story rather than use their 24 hrs wisely.
Thnx for noticing
that's to bad
I love big!
It's amazing and smells fantastic!
I'm about to start a RIOT...bs aint about nothing
Foodanything eles
Ben is preparing for his last two Lion King perhormances
It was glorious.
Shooting again on a Kelloggs commercial on Friday!!!
Woohoo
2011.10.09 postseason Brewers Cardinals  Bike down to the game / with Sue, Dottie and twin bro / tailgating with friends
Two short oneweek contracts.
Simultaneously happening next week!
Quick, easy money in the city.
Love that!
How are you?
May 18 Amina Figarova sextet at the Manchester Craftments Guild in Pittsburgh, PA
Thanks for plugging the SCORE Daily!
Glad it's helpful
Probably 30 minutes

hm....sounds like a goodbye.
The bigger the bill, the harder you ball.
I left my USB for a week  they called to tell me I forgot it.
My USB has my name and tel  on it.
Reminder to others, do the same.
emschi Last day!
is making it count.
Great info about tracking people at
ahahaha omg so funny...NOT :O
mansion!
Come!
.ha I suck right now ..
The hardest thing in life is remaining faithful while times are hard.
God promises I have overcome the world.
John 16:33
i need a dutch for this one.
somebody bring me one please.
i like the fake girls.
more cushion for the old man for the pushin
Good morning!
Watch KXAN News Today we have a major announcement around 6:45ish!
See you soon.
I say we all meet from some BBQ  LIVE Texas Music  don't look at the clock...
We have a charge from your restaurant on our debit card, but never visited it.
What do we do about this?
Don't be anyone but yourself...
Be Genuine...
Congratulations to Sandoctor Hassel she is the lucky winner of our Anniversary Gift Basket!!!
We look forward to seeing you!!
Let's get this training over and done with and get a couple dollars in my pocket
Would you be a doctoram, on the wings of a poem, and if you were walking through a crowd, you know I'd be proud
thats my jam yo..
me and marcus be knowin the jams lol
Didn't Jim Gentile do the same thing with the Orioles in the 60s or early 70s?
Or maybe that was in back to back innings
thx carol, glad to see more good news from your work this week.
Worst day ever oh my god
Yes we all understand Beyonce is pregnant.
Now shut the fuck up.
Checks under Brettman's duvet.
Nope, you're safe as houses.
Watching the 2001 western conference finals.
Lakers vs Kings.
Shaq has 29 points 12 rebounds and 6 blocks in three quarters.
There are six of you?
And you all manage to be adoreable!
Like :D
Holy Family girls basketball defends No.
1 ranking, beats No.
2 Eaton, 5036.
I would know I made the 1.5 hour doctorve!
don't tell me his friend is Conner lol
Sorry, I have been reading some crazy things over the past half day or so.
Spurs play often sloppy, giveaway basketball ...
and win by 16.
Yowza.
I have done it!
Will post fabulous new visual confection on Etsy either later today or early tomorrowDepending on completion of twin
RT : Good luck to all the guards at WGI2012 this weekend!
Especially !!
Get it pride!!
i know u want cinci's shorts right now
Caldwell jazzed for weekend with the Solano Symphony  Vallejo TimesHerald
It's purple Friday!
Time to talk about...
language?
talks to about the word rape in sports metaphors.
Any scoop on where Roger Clemens is staying this week?
Anyways good morning lovelies
Now Watching Cameron Diaz  J.Lo are absolutely stunning!!
Love watching them together.
I defy you to name one industry or sector that cannot benefit from better content searching and organization using taxonomies.
Bring it on!
I am testing out twitter to see how I may use it.
HIDE YO KIDS, HIDE YOUR WIFE..HIDE YOUR MUM...
IZZ BACKK ;
yes, though humor is always tough, so very subjective
those were the good old days
On my way home from Miami.
was awesome and was good also.
hey your tweet pic you look sexy with u pretty eyes so when you coming to Miami you know the playoff start go Knicks
Oh man!
Took a shower earlier and water went inside my right ear.
It bothers me still, and It won't go away.!
What should I do?
DM
Wonderful day so far: Buns at Family Pastry in Chinatown, soap from in Pasadena,  a little bit of patio gardening...
newbalance definitely has the market cornered with men over 50.
Thank you!!
She belongs to a ton of groupsclick on link tab.
Great!
I am in tears!
I had prayed that she would learn to live a healthy life and use her new voice.
And yeah, I used Paypal for it
Did you hear about the blonde that stayed up all night to see where the sun went???
Wait for it...
It finally dawned on her!
:
I do not feel good...
Wish my baby ain't have ta work today..!!
The Ayinger will probably only last through the weekend, so if you want some, come quick!
Ardmore or Ada for groceries when you're from ...what's that smell...oh back home..Sulphur,OK!!!!
lol
Mom was airlifted to chicago..
Emergency surgery..possible anurism.
please keep her in your prayers.
My phone is better then urs lol
For a boost of energy, theres nothing like exercise.
Lace up your sneaks and get walking, even when feeling sluggish!
the phones are going crazy right now!!!!
I think somebody wants xfest tickets for their whole crew ;
It's not for a particular audition, its just going to be a backup monologue for when all goes wrong
You're right, other is a tricky category.
But is it an important issue, and it's something we're thinking about.
Thanks!
we can still hope that life will imitate hoax!
My ultimate doctoram now is just to get my books published.
Through all the shit that's happened, I can heal if my doctoram comes true.
New video shoot coming soon.
Details to come ...
haha nah man no crack heads or cheeseburger spots yet
I am very please follow is my new account please everyone !!!
definitely still a Monday!
Sorry to hear about your car.
Civility and respect for our neighbors and ourselves is a must.
Have you seen the wonderful renovations ....
All for are fabulous clients!
Some of our faves
Gran just showed me the 1, 2, 3 cakes....she said when she showed you, you asked if she was trying to make you fat
Love finds its most natural and spontanious expression in giving.
get to 1000 followers!
I don't know why i like How I met your Mother
Yes she does!
RT : yes my girlfriend Ree does ROCK
idol.
3 to good to tweet during.
:
Steve Harvey..!
Thanks, Ted.
Somehow I knew that already : Be in LA next week for TCM Film Fest.
Let's find a time to meet.
Today I sent my half of the book revisions to my coeditor!
Celebrated with wine, Xbox and friends.
Good weekend.
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
Strategic Talent Group is a full service Talent Management Firm headquartered in Los Angeles California.
www.strategictalentgroup.net
IT looks like something out of a psych ward where no one gets enug H20 and it just rained.
.
I like to use to the word dude As a noun, or an adverb, or an adjective :D
Modern alternative and indie music venues like the 9:30 Club are attracting popular acts to smaller moreintimate
bro thats what ive been doing for the past couple weeks.
trust me it works
Yes I do get pissed jealous when I'm chosen over others
Until 5:30 tonight.
I have to do my work since I have been procrastinating all day.
I needed Van time Now would be better
Follow me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;
That moment when you take a really big sip and realize your coffee was sweetened.
The worst.
The fucking WORST.
Carroll: Time to get in authors faces  let them know many audiences will be blocked from access if they sign publishers agreements
WOW!
So many Jimena Yanez on twitter!
If you are a Jimena follow me :
COOLER THAN ALL OUTDOORS!
Lake Calhoun workout
Could I please receive the secret code that if entered telephonically will patch me thru 2 u which means it will be ur beautiful ass number?
Heat got this !
Thanks for the follows new followers!
Looking forward to sharing and learning!
Just sent out a resume for a job I'd LOVE to have!
Not even sure they have anything available but praying they either do, or will have soon!
Wow the hawks won damn good game
you go girl!
Thank you Love all your support...
You two are the best!
What the hell is the background music in 'Mercy' saying?!
haha someone please fill me in.
ss and rentless, a prophecy, cowboy king, the final episode
Then go back 2 sleep lazy lol
lunch all the time!
Loving hearing say that social media is very important for the future of marketing
Amazing weekend!
:
Fingerscrossed we'll have some more news soon.
thanks: and no problamo friend
love to discuss the future of PLE in schools.
Can we skype?
Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
i would be.
never let him between u and exit.
Even though my son has never done that I still take precautions.
Aww, thanks man!
Do you have the '04 or '06 set?
One lead to a nervous breakdown and the other to a new life.
lol I see you struggling
thank you!
Been keeping you on the radar.
Saw the preview last year.
Looks great.
Saw Good People at the Geffen on Friday and loved it!
Ok im done talking my shit
Great meeting Kim from last night Thanks for your hard work on the Fest.
yo what up?
hows beach like  myrtle.
tell miles wassupppp!
I might become a patriots fan hard core now!
i miss and other friends i cant find from barry so much!!!
Editing to POTC soundtrack.
How's that for motivation!
Great auditions today for DanceWorksBoston season four!
txt my house.
We're w/U!
RT : We stand w/the 8 who love craft beer!
Feeling like a productive day today!
Snows melting away, the sun is out, got my Bauhaus coffee and I'm ready to go!
Happy Mother's Day mom hope it is good for you, if not there is always next year.
Just playing..
See you tonight.
Love Chuck
IM THE VIDEO MAN
Nobody does jeans and a tshirt better than me.
oh tia ur so silly this is me being normal
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Abraham Lincoln
Make sure you check out tweets too!
Tons of resume tips!
hey Jon I'm gonna see your cousin Mark tonight.
You want me to comp his meal
Today is another day of my fave things in the world bikinis gym fitness life is yummy!
how quickly we forgive RT : : USA Today says Vick's jersey will soon crack the top 25 in sales.
I've been sort of involved since moving here in '10 but started a real position with them this past August.
Hunger Games was good!
Have you read the books?
Neither am I, neither...
Am...
I.
Haha.
S/O to and for bustin it out at the dance recital!
And for being pretty.
:
I'm convinced Dylan ratigan has nothing to say and just strings together words like transparent society hoping well think he's smart
How can you tell when a doctormmer is at your door?
The knock gets faster.
indeed.
Hope you find one under the tree.
Or, you know, a rock.
:
obl Already threats coming in from terrorists against the US for killing their leader

Thanks for the follow.
If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free 50 gift  link
All you can do is Pray..
You'll be amazed at how many fewer ear infections they'll have afterwards tho.
:D
I LOVE this song: 11:11
giving a shout out to falcons hockey today!!!!!!
How do we get on the vip list
what do you have two twitter accts
You're a Hobbit fan?
Have you read Runelords?
They're producing that a movie too.
Vote for actors
Discovered 's Aim and Ignite.
Perfect, bold, emotional, not fey or twee; beautiful, happy  sad.
Instant love!
Monster talent!
lmao...if you want to lose im down G
Guess I'll go ta PNC tmister cause ion feel lik gettin up today until I gotta go ta work
I can't even lie, LeBron getting that 4th foul was just the motivation he needed  he definitely stepped it up this 4th quarter
..
You can still kiss me ;
In the 1st year of the Civil War, William Cooper Nell became clerk of the Boston PO, making him the 1st AfAm to hold a US Federal Position
I'm still voting but follow please!
one more goodluck before the haters jump in.
Really wish bbn had ya good luck
Dawsons corner should just tell him to keep putting Hopkins on the ropes
A lot of the time when I wear my glasses, I forget they aren't sunglasses and that people can see my staring at them.
Looking to host a birthday party in DC.
Any recommendations for a bar / restaurant with a private room for about 30 ppl?
Something lowkey.
OH  overheard
don't know if ill make it, but cafe Alma is keeping poetry alive
I can see the sunlight above the trees here in Milwaukee for the first time in what seems like forever.
Please be a great day get to golf
Fifth time I've heard have no idea who this kid is and Cleveland takes him in the third.
Umm excuse me who has the MexicanFiestaPlatters I need somemore!!!
RedWings fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
no.
I was too stunned by the ensemble.
I know I smile normally lol but I don't put a ':'
haha they better or it's do or die game 7!!!!
Pantsless Monday: A new Mike  Mike tradition.
No kid for me , my summer will be all about fun hopefully .
I wish that I could wear red leather pants like that.
Aint Talked To Eric Sense 12 Time To Get The CUTTING!
Love evil plans;
I just came on Twitter on an actual computer for the first time in a LONG TIME, and I love your background.
Guess What?
It's holiday party season and if you book now receive a special gift!
So get on the horn and email
oh alcoholic ovaltine...great beer
I literally love everything right now.
I feel like I am Oprah, I love YOU, and I love YOU, and here's some love for YOU.
Achiever  Reagan McCants collected prom doctorsses for storm victims  Louisville CourierJournal
is looking for Core Transport Engineers for CA and WA.
Strong Ethernet and Layer 2 experience is required.
she's great.
A little more grumpy with age....hm just like her owner
Update: I just ate a salted caramel cupcake from
2062 TheJetsons we should have flying cars every where!
Im sure way before.They do exist  down payments have already been made!!
Answer to health question.
What U choose2eat will have more of an impact on your weight than exercise.
Exercise is helpful, food choic
I'm ready bro
you will be on your way soon enough, i think ; i hope it is a great trip  game for you :
I hope he's just plotting against his local produce dept.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Mother Teresa
RAW time!!
I think I'm a little in love with !
congrats on the win!
:
wouldn't say the Red Sox deserve it either.
oh!
I packed it away in my shapeups box.
is it that bad?
lol u funny about that
and I are such kidsters.
:
Freshly made bed, candle light and Christmas movies are making me happy tonight.
that's more right wing FUD.
I don't take any news source seriously that pops up a Sarah Palin ad overlay over its articles.
Small business owners need loyal, repeat customers and steady traffic for their business.
is here to help.
Get in touch!
Music all day.
It keeps me sane.
Sam Jackson, Dexter, and the weekend's top movies in todays Bucket!
theentertainmentbucket.com
Happy belated birthday !!
Henry Ford revolutionized the auto industry, improving the American doctoram
I'm not what you doctoram of, I'm right here.
You just need to wake up and realize that I'm here for you.
Productivity, leverage and insight come from participation in a supportive biz community.
Find the best for you and be more dependent.
Ill just Throw A Couple Bills Nd She'll Have a Pair of Heels On
3312 in last 45 picks!
We're on FIRE!
Almost 75 winning right now!
11 picks today.
Email to get a great deal!
Let's all give thanks to God for allowing us to be up to see another day of our natural born lives
It's going to suck when I actually have to do work next period.
great job tonight mathai!
Abstract accepted to 4S/EASST!
Now to figure out if/how I can afford to go to Copenhagen.
Tip of the day: Always put your papers in a plastic bag before you walk around in the rain.
Seat laid back heater on jacket over the chest set to go haha :
then why not make a movie?
;
shid i need to go lol
Porsche's new baby crossover uncovered, targets younger buyers The newest Porsche, a baby crossover inspired by the larger Cayenne SUV an
Need to evaluate OPDS as an option as new partners enter the supply chain.
Lighterweight than ONIX.
Boston chocolates are better!
Final NAMM details, submit several ads, hair appt, new doctorver's license, new bank card, laundoctor, pack, kids, replace headlight, fix phone!!
Good luck...let us know your favorites!
shitd!
give me about 5yrs to work out then check my AVI when I take it off!
All the followers I need lol!
via Abraham Seed Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Finally somebody grew nuts
In the middle ages, people believed that dogs teeth boiled in wine made an excellent mouth rinse for tooth decay prevention.
Happy 2 hear u got a chance 2 watch the video directed by Thanx 4 sharing the link.
ThingsThatBotherMe those girls who flirt with every guy.
please follow me back?
Head over fsu famu to the capital
Friday, The Cure
You're such a great inspiration.
Want info on PowerPoint design for webinars?
Check out Becky Pluth's session at ASTD2012 Tuesday 4:00PM, Room Mile High 2/3 B
Happy Friday, Tucson!
Getting exciting out thereDow up, Facebook fbIPO ready to launch in a few minutes, markets optimistic.
Kentucky, Missouri, Kansas, Ohio State
This American finally noticed after 2 days that she was the only person n Toronto ignoring pedestrian traffic signals.
Learning 2b patient!
Seriously how fabulous is ??
She isn't even a real housewife and she's still my fave person on the show
I'm in shock, wanted to believe he didn't try to kill himself 2 years ago when he ran his car off a cliff
trying to contain my jealousy that you're at the signing.
obviously it isn't working, b/c i'm telling you about said jealousy.
follow me back pls
Congrats!
I'm racking it up right now: still looking for a librory jab!
You going out tonight homie!?
good.
I need some tonight smh
is DC sitting ET to ensure a meeting with the Bulls or was Evan playing to good again so DC decided to put a stop to it?
:
Fraud Alleged In Oxygen Bar Case
Oh hey, we're in the same state right now, holla at ya girl.
My work playlist is dope as fuck.
Too busy for rats?
That's too bad...
TeamFollowBack Let's
someday I'll be a billionaire, untilthen I'm using to save some cash!
A lot depends on height and position on property.
Sorry I'm so difficult
why do we live here again????!!!!!!
AGGGGHHHHH
we have really cool evaluation about this stuff!
I will share with MCN community soon!
Had a great time photographing with at Thanks!
ooh, lol i'm such a fail ..
thanks !:
i have no idea if/when i will.
i'll hopefully be in korea this fall, and from there...
who knows.
5 Things Learned from the Factbook  2:  of dentists accepting kids w/ Medical Assistance grew from 90 in 2006 to 370 in 2011
will u please just come back 2 buffalo?
T O's was my favorite cereal.
id like to see another blowout this week.
need an agent?
Hi!
I had to leave early because still getting over being sick, but can you DM me?
come back wilson denver needs you.
ANYONE ON!
PLEASE SAY THAT YOU ARE!!
I'M LONLEY!!
HAHA ASHLEY
So glad to have you at BmoreFail and in
Having fresh air in my office on a day like today makes it almost okay to be in here instead of out there.
wish I could!
nah he cool people
what, twins 3
calm down.
Not all Jesus believers are hypocrites.
Besides, nobody is perfect
I'm all for supporting those things but it seems like that's the only ads there showing.
Did ESPN fire the whole sales dept?
yeah that's true, but in today's economy it just seems like a bad idea.
Call Us Maybe Justin YUP!!!
Definitely me Justin
One thing I love almost as much as Happy Hour is Brunch...
Where to go or my fav ??
ha k then..
I hate getting out of a hot shower and feeling like the north pole invaded my bathroom.
haha you about to get caught up, smh player.
I have perused, but never used.
You should write a review for !
You Should Know Better...
we will keep those silly actors in line!
what doesdonalddoctorver have to do to get a ten around this place??
give that sexy man a GD TEN already!!:
Hopefully getting the specifics on my new job today
omg a piñata filled with oreos!
where is my bat!
Enjoyed chatting with this afternoon.
Lots of neat stuff going on in the emerging tech space.
I feel like just goin home N laying in my bed naked with the AC ON BLAST
Toastmasters has an err counter to measure how distracting you are.
I like the  concept to set my goals for improvement.:
Planning on the Hot Dog Day 5K tomorrow  and seeing the irony in it...
Get it!
RT : A few hours of sleep up and at it I go
oh damn where at
I see your point mine just sold the company and new owners shut our plant down in madisonville ky so I'll be in the
Suspended animation sickness, ah crud...all crew at half strength this whole turn.
That's just mean.
wins a gold at the
Where do babies come from
I'm gonna turn on the CelticsSixers game, and hope by the time I go back the bases will be empty with no runs scored.
it's like homecoming queen...
oh I ask nerds to do mine
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
Now tweeting over on
There is NOTHING wrong for a women to buy a man SHOES!!!!!!!!
Hey Charlotte, NC talent...I arrive tomorrow for auditions on Saturday!!!
I can't wait!!!
See you there!
please make Believe u will notice her by wishing her a happy birthday NeverSayNever :
Don't know if a kid carrying icetea a bag of candy can be anaggressor,but a grown man with a 9mm following one is a hunter
ME: I'm hungry.
FRIDGE: Don't care.
CABINET: LOL don't look at me.
FREEZER: LOL nigga, you like ice?
Taking my gf salsa dancing tonight haha 
Glenn is part Irish, did you know that?
Come on up to SkyLounge tonight and celebrate with us!
Yep, I actually listen to them.
I happen to like 'em quite a bit:
Six minutes into the first period, Badger women lead Minn.
State 30.
Woot!
the show is about to begin!
So many tweets Oo  Ode Confusing, like niggas having issues  doctorma .
Wtf?
That's wat Happens in Life shrugs
Full of oneliners that one.
RT , your husband Unless you're riding a horse, cowboy boots are high heels for men.
Stoked to see tonight.
Happy Month of June!!
Go Red Bulls!!
9 days till the Portugal Day festivities at El Pastor Restaurant begin....
awhhh, love you pat 
Cleobulus Safeguard the health both of body and soul.
ahead of your timekeep it up and keep the evidence of your work!
For sure.
congrats ma I know u going to kill it
Follow for great deals on sports apparel, equipment, and footwear!
RT : Version 2 of the Pandora One desktop app is out!
// So is it called Pandora TWO now?
that's the plan!
Lol
You're An Amazing Inspiration!!
I Love You, I'm A Mahomie Forever And Always 3 :
24601 is how many times I'll see it!
Mwah!
I don't want summer to ever end!
Teachers will adapt things more readily w/ customized wording even if the gist is the same as the parent materials
thanks for following me Ty.
Have a great day.
Pool is going to be renovated from 09/1109/20.
see us after that with a brand new pool.
you know it : 
Katrina's a bit under the weather today...
So who will be her fillin?
Tune in at 9am and see for yourself....
Hm, who could it be?
All we need is you and R.Ward and it will be like '09 again!
Vegas, baby!
Lolol
FolkRock singer Kris Orlowski is this weeks concert in Elizabeth Park, Thursday evening 68pm.
cool!
make it happen :
Tomorrow OFF but busy with The Wailing Footage!
loved your character in Think Like A Man and your new comedy special True Story is hilarious loved your new material
I never wear my 1D shirt....I keep it hanging up solo in my closet where I can see it 24/7.
That thing im baby okay.
ALBONDIGAS!
I LOVE THAT STUFF!
Hope you and yours are awesome today and always!
Project Manager is a Person who thinks nine Women can deliver a baby in One month
As we say in NYC, oy!
Thanks for a great GreenChat everyone.
If anyone would like to guest moderate for next week, DM me!
My body needs to rest...but ii am not sleepy
The one I tweeted today!
unless I spelt your name wrong..
o.o Must stop calling you ashee!
GET OUTTA TEEEOWN.
Congrats to Chris Harris making the Denver 53 man roster!
lmao that girl blocked me cuz I asked her why we shouldn't praise single moms
I love your sign out front.
Makes me wonder apples or Apple Inc
There's a carnival by campus.
I wanna go!!
It's also mushy, an amalgam, and there's something in there about breadcrumbs and github maybe.
Obama:US pumps most oil in 8 years: 1 Not due to his efforts/he has REDUCED permits; 2in 80's, 9.5 mil b/day.
Now still only 7 Mil b/day.
Countdown to the opening of Can You Walk Away?
is 1 day!
Did you know domestic pimps target girls as young as 12?
Theres nothing we cant do if we work hard, never sleep, and shirk all other responsibilities in our lives.
OMG GUYS.
OMG I SERIOUSLY LOVE MADISON I CANT BELIEVE HE WISHED ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
he remembers me from the mg ...
gave me 2 hugs OMG!
Team Trivia tonight!
Grab a friend and show off your stuff.
Smartest peeps in the room get prizes!
i think so
Wow.
Not a good day for last.fm.
The menu at Starbucks does.
Not.
Change.
Not brain surgery.
Get it together folks!
Sorry, I just can't tell one 'Underworld' movie from another.
All that black furniture.
Where are the 'Queer Eye' guys when you need them?
And Justin's new video
LMAO!
Shut Up!
:D
busy supplying our automotive display customers in preparation for the North American International Auto Show.
What girls dont realize is, i smash then i leave.
Dont call me baby and expect me to call you tomorrow.
april!!
Why aren't you following me you loser:
Thanks for lunching w/ us the other day.
We're glad you joined us.
:
Rolled outta bed in the same stuff I wore yesterday.
Luckily I got an interview, the only reason why I'm gonna shower today LOL !
Friday: 80 degree weather and tornados.
Now: 3 degrees away from the freezing mark.
RESULT: My allergies are wreaking havoc on my life...
Duchene quit fucking about and shoot the puck
General Body Meeting, today at 5pm in CE 268...we will have a guest speaker from NUVO
Time to love my inner child:
please follow me?
I can't tweet something better than this..
Whose your favorite college football team?
maybe she wanted to keep that a secret Christopher...
oh wow, leaving this rental house for an.
apt complex full of fountains, roses, halogen lit trees, fluffy pets  aged divorcees
1st Brewer game of the season!
Great seats
Yes I realize my tv should be used this weekend for the Superbowl.
But I'm not transporting it to you, dad....
when do we need to do it?!
also the one most similar to the wu tang clan logo
I didn't know you still had a twitter, doesn't Cam need breast fed or somethin ;
tweet lil tony the link
ComedyAwards!
SO much better than the
Daughter managed to snag ComicCon badges.
Only two days, but better than the devastating prospect of no days.
That would have been ugly.
Rodney Williams just put one down something nasty for the Gophers in the NIT!!
Best dunker in college hoops?
You wouldn't know it by walking outside, but today's the first day of Spring!
We're certainly looking forward to the warmer weather!
that does stink to have it so early!!!
Tell this girl to stop making music
This video dumb as hell
The J!!!E!!!T!!!S!!!!
JETS!
JETS!
JET!
Guys I see the Jets winning this game San Diego could'nt beat them to go to the playoffs last timemet
Double header badgers hoops and hockey!
It is a great day to be in the Kohl Center
Don't regress...
Progress.
We hope everyone had a fantastic Easter and/or beginning of Passover!
Did anyone fly home to visit family?!
I have the same screen door as one in Don't Be A Menace in South Central....
Thanks Kassy!
Unfortunately, and its apparent now, the chick's a prima donna.
Being humble will get you a long way.
Lawrence Weschler will be speaking tonight at 7PM at the Menil Collection.Come by the bookstore on your way to the lecture and browse.
: TY.
Have a wonderfully artistic weekend!
So much to do in stpete!
U2 best city in
I can only speculate
Amen Alex the amt.
of money doctors get to sign a careplan is ridiculous.
WEALTH is the word and it is legal.
LOL.
Initially I thought, WTF?
Programmers don't use perfume.
RT : .NET Cologne has sold out in less than 2 days.
Wow.
WOW!
This film Intruder has some of the best cinematography I'v ever seen.
These camera angles/shots are all over the place
never thought i would say this, but its true: thus far NHL Playoffs  NBA playoffs
If you think it's hot now, wait until you see the show!
yes !
I've been watching the marathon all day !
So excited , can't wait to talk about it tomorrow morning :
who you routing for these days?
: Now it's nearly spring, I can finally wear my power capris.
lovethem So ready for spring!
hey I'm still waiting on it
Funny how similar the words program and  pogrom are...
esley weird  a perv RT : Hey I'm Vertone and I'm random, but that's what makes me me.
Nice meeting you.
Bye.
Thanks for the shout, Tyler!
We appreciate it.
It's all good buddy.
Must be nice :
Watching CNBC and looking for jobs
absolutely.
Will look it up and get back to you!
Working to stay patient, present and positive.
Big hugs, Chicago.
You're a cool cat.
I can see the respect you have for the art form we know as hiphop.
Hopefully we will work together soon.
Black Crowes...underrated or just wrong decade?
People should follow you just 'cause you're you...duh
frittomiato in Santa Monica  yum
Our clients at Armani Wells mens clothing in LA have 30 off all April.
Huge savings to be made!
Ask for Claudia Wells!
It's never too early to start thinking about happy hour.
Stop in between 47pm for doctornk specials and halfpriced select appetizers.
Thanks for the follow, how was your easter?
Im so fucking hungry.
Hardball Don't apologize to you are only being HONEST!I LOVE it!!
wildcards in microsoft word: what if we had regexes, except with unclear syntax, behavior that isn't well defined, also, they don't work?
Anyone know about getting an inexpensive room in the NY/NJ area?
Exemployer offered to help.
over half a year now!!
and you're about to graduate
Which BaltimoreRaventurnedCyberMaven stopped by his hometown CyberMaryland booth today?
Michael McCrary, now with Signals Defense in MD.
Do I have to apologize for my emotions?
Care for the ones you are in touch with.
Everyone needs to be loved.
Spread love and it'll come back to u.
did tou mean Sailor Moon?
Thanks for attending!
We are hoping to bring it back to Cleveland soon!
Awww I've been herring the sweetest birthday calls from my friends and family...
Thank you so much!
There aren't enough biscuits in the world to sop up all your mess.
dont forget platinum of purp...hosted by jan and big alecia
Comcast Sports may have it also...
I don't have Comcast
JUSTIN BIEBER Justin Um Suck The Inmate Nude.
Because In Europe, Bieber Enraged Rednecks
I believe in everything until it's disproved.
John Lennon
Green tigers: new research shows protecting forests will deliver new economic boom for Southeast Asia
NYC Dance Under the Influence revealing the interplay of innovators in tap, flamenco, postmodern dance, Indian classical dance
have fun!!!
RT : Quiz night hits at 8pm.
2 tall boys  half off rails w/ on the mic!
Okay you just ruined my fucking high.
Heated af.
Fun fun fun.
Got some great stuff!
RT : Tyler had a photo session with this morning!
How do you keep up with the businesses you are a fan of?
Do you get updates via SMS or RSS?
Just had someone quote Julius Cesar to me line for line with annotations
we watched the movie Big Fish in my English class last term...
Relevant?
No.
Buy IDGAF.
haha
miss u more.
Same here with me.
Also getting ready for finals too
Need a healthy afternoon snack?
Try oatmeal with raisins and walnuts.
So I got my hair cut yesterday and it ended up being shorter than I anticipated...
I'm too tired to do 100, maybe i'll finish tomorrow.
Sleep.
The Sherman Oaks Farmers Market starts at 3 pm today!
Please stop by before 8 pm to enjoy the farmers market!
Cool :D
it is raining and pouring i am going to take a nap and start snoring.
I've not had a doctornk since 2007!
didn't hate it
For a moment there I couldn't tell if this was a Minority Report clip or one from Battlestar.
Reducing stress is important to overall health.
Spend 30 min.
a day doing something to relaxleisure reading, soothing music, etc.
and money to live in no debt I'd be a homeless person for life I'm sure
I MISS YOU TOO let's get together this weekend
Much harder to share, that's the problem.
: Great service...My soul was awakened 
Bout to get this photoshoot started.
Need a personal trainer?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
today in 1974, EricClapton recorded I Shot The Sheriff, written by BobMarley in 1973.
I had the pleasure to record Eric in 2004.
wow!
Has anyone ever seen a Houston Texans fan out in the wild ?
A shoutout to !
You were my 994th follower : Thaniks so much!
;
L O L when people write facebook status about your friends, like really bro, really?
Like say it to there faces.
So i could whip yo a.
guys i dont wanna upset anyone but i realized i dont even like 1D that much
Thanks You too!
yea they do
Nice!!
Which island are you on?
SIL lives in Kona on the Big Island.
headed to prom with
Hey now Tim Tebow!
Phone just charged.
Berto, you coming to meet us?
already am :
I'm gonna be 20 in three months.
yikes I'm an old woman !
Any1 on Twitter attending the Louisiana Historical Association meeting b/t today and Sat?
Tiblisi looks beautiful and very interesting, want to go back for a real visit.
thank you for coming!
SO classy!
I ONLY do classy.
Even when hobos pee on me....or worse.
Happy Friday!
BIG announcement next week!
It's super secret, but lets just say we are going to need your votes for Austin to win this.
:
hahha are you visiting your cousin still?
just gotta give some of the niggas the side eye like psshhhhhhh!!!!!
GTFOH
May your doctorams become Reality..doctorven!!!
thank you!!!
It's gonna be a great great film!!
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task tha
And nobody wanting to become a better husband/father!
M!
Fresh, ripe mango makes me so happy to be alive to taste this magnificent fruit.
I read that  good for him!
Also: congrats on your certificate.
I start class on June 4th.
I will.
Hit me up tomorrow.
Love ya!
Shout Out Too 3
Vocie about to go out
Hope you have a wonderful birthday bro.
My mom is buying 4 kindles 1 4 me, 1 4 herself, dad and my sister, all bc I can't have it til Xmas n every is checking it out!
i think you should follow me:?
TBN Diversion of Charitable Donations.
Billy Brim at the conference with the rich, no thanks, I have moer than enough, I do this for free
oh wow.
she's going to kill you!!
fail fail fail.
Well this is summer....
Working 30 hours a week until I go back to school in September
Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Unknown Author
First time doctorving since surgery.
We're also on irc freenode channel
omg you're more of a bieliber than i am!
I havent even seen that vid yet!
true true, never done that before, lol.
Tweeting about a tv show.
Just found it its channel 78 on Comcast, cool.
:O
all the demons he had been bedding with and now running away from.
About to go do m y first Adoctorsession for Sickle.
Hope for the best
RT : Bitch im cashin out that's my shit  I'm riding round with that Nina!
just tweeted about sea otters, so take that, all my tweets aren't just about food
there's a guy I can't stop thinking about.
But, not that I feel like I can't live without.
Life is short and hard like a bodybuilding elf
u got that link for me?
yes,yes they are!
how do you feel now?
Can u admit it's time to shut up ??
doctorft Pick
you're gettin yourself into some tweet wars eveyone needs to lay off the hatorade and have something else, watch out
I know!
They are making the xylophone look bitchen!
When we have our back's to the wall, we turn around and paint it!
forget it..lol I just reflected on what you said to me.
Spaghetti with no sauce
.
protects kids after parents separate/divorce w/online custody/parenting software.free to low income parents  courts.
We just left piedmont park promoting our biscuits..we luv Atlanta weather!!
Possums in the toilet?
Takes the term slumlord to a whole new level.
i freaking love interviewing  Jayy hating on Bryan : im like jayy sometimes
Hey, you can't win em all.
We'll get em Saturday.
I hate captainoning images, but it helps my archive
CV Council meeting underway: discussing funding priorities for CDBG, lowincome housing and emergency shelters next year.
campingbeach  doctornks me in a Michael Myers mask in the woods and more doctornks ahhah
Hey pal, I don't care if you work for or , just because you disagree with me doesn't mean you get to be an ass  abusive.
TeamKhleo if your in the ATL wit make sure y'all show EVERYBODY there how we do!
Show your support!
Pretty sure every San Diegan who doctorves a white chevy Impala or Malibu took the bus to work today.
I found you!
: great audition on friday!!!
our class is amazing!!!!
Chatting it up with Camps today about SummerCamp staff.
Summer's coming!
Good Night followers.
hey thanks for following, I'd love to hear your music
school on fridays is the worst...
Stoked 2 announce the lineup tmister for the 100th ISSUE PARTY at Fri Dec 16!
Save the date and celebrate with us
haha hey what was my clubbing name that was funny lol and you know I didn't mean to say it lol
When i move : imma scream FUCK COBB COUNTY !
1080p makes a difference doesn't it?
SHOUTOUT TO !!!
1 PERSON FOLLOW HIM

Well, not to sound conceited or nothing but I'm the sht.
Dig this...You're a dime, but you're a dime a dozen.
Thanks!
Sadly, it has not been the worst part of the week, and I'm running on 3 hours of sleep today.
Ack!
Hope you are well!
.
is such a BAMF!
Fuck A Bad Bitch That Aint Faithful I Rather Stay Faithful To These Green Faces In My Pocket Cause They Know How To Treat Me Right 
At the Sycamore on a beautiful afternoon.
My heart crumbled at the same time as my gum.
Literally.
Just curious  lack of electric outlets at the Glendale Americana location near the cafe meant to prevent loitering?
:
Day after elections always busy on
What makes your day a great day??
If I was a cop I would be an asshole
RT if you love Justin Bieber.
BIG goal by Palmieri and pretty damn sweet as well.
USA goes up 20 on Finland.
How To Make It In America Season 2 Mixtape 
Hey Guys, new band name, new members, new songs coming soon!
you know joe...
Sometimes..I don't believe I know you.
I'll just steal it back and there's nothing you can do about whitie
Madison Public Library's Teen Video Game Tournament was a great success last night  and a ton of fun!
Congrats to all our participants!
beats for sale
Good morning!
Damn I wanna lay down so bad  Another night of sleeping on this stupid recliner ..
I can't even recline back!
I don't know if you guys know this, but I have elaborate defense mechanisms in place to protect myself from getting hurt by things.
that's what I do....Badger tweets day and night!
ie: if your hometown was Westchester, NY like me, I wouldn't move back there to try  start something.
But BOS has excited energy
Already doctornk 96 oz of coffee today.
suck it
Can you please follow me back :
This sucks
Yessir, I second that.
doctorpped out of school when I was 22.
What can I do to satisfy you?
even though you don't follow or ever notice me : I still thanks you for EVERYTHING.
Without you I wouldn't be who I am today!
Guys who clean up their rooms know the best pick up lines.
Bad link, bro...says page isn't there.
RT : : I'm so excited!!
we all are!
So much potential.
why will she have u Jailed?
are u ending world peace?
Sorry, I parked like an asshole today
potential for a life altering decision.
:
sometimes, I see things, and they Hit me so hard...
l lose control too.
Being human is cool to me :
I been spending way too much!
UVerse does NOT carry gay titles in their adult PPV.
Not that we would even order them, but it's all about equality.
:
Texting and about to go to bed.
I like to believe that I didn't have childoctorn of my own I had College Republicans instead.
It's worked out pretty well.
Awesome!
Thanks.
From a fellow texas country girl I am loving the music.
BEST JP
Im looking for a realtor in Shepherdsville Kentucky Contact me if interested or if you know a good one.
That hoe suc everybody off lol got nerve to try and cover up ya dirt..
I see you shorty ctfu
r u sure?
just called sprint and they denied the recent news
Chugging my last half gallon of water until after stage!
totally.
I expect to see some in the office tomorrow morning!
:
Next time half of y'all see me I'm gonna have tatts..
when will I see you at Happy Hour?
That was some beautiful puck work from T.J.
Oshie!
someone explain to me why Matt Barnes wont just dunk the ball.
In tired of seeing him get chased down and blocked
Courtside from Oracle.
Thompson!
Belinelli!
Live tweeting Tankfest 2012.
Rad having  doctorp through for a minute.
thanks round everyone sends mad love.Deezle sends blessing your way
Great bird list!
Glad you got some birding in.
So pumped and a little nervous...
Doing body pump with my friend.
Hahaha!
Biden is a journalists' doctoram.
He's a really smart dude, but he's always sticking his foot in his mouth.
LOL
hell yeah...that Shit is hilarious
MUSIC SOUNDS BETTER WITH YOU BABY
I hope I can keep my thoughts at bay, and have a good day today.
A big thanks to for today.
I'm so proud to have Timico in Newark.
get it boi out now all over the world,copt ur copy
ATTN: All Sanderson High students!
we have a VERY special lunch special just for you!
2 Cheese slices  doctornk for 4.99!
Oh shit we're on tv PCRK channel 10!
Is there any question that Gaustad was the 3rd/4th liner McGuire was talking about on TSN?
Oh baby ah my obsseessiiooonn 333333 CONGRATS;D
It's only Thursday ..
Dig the new pic.
We mostly don't get flies, almost never any wasps or bees, but we did get a possum last week.
:P
The media does this....and pushes it in our faces and people like you go AWOL over it.
You fall for the TMZ trap.
Going to hair show in CHI this wknd!
Then appearing on on Thurs 3/8 to show the hottest, new trends!
Old Turk, woulda hit that
Thank you for the RT and for sharing the good news re: CalTrain electrification.
lol I don't thonkbi ever will
there's no swag in Idaho.
sorry to my followers, I haven't been on here in a while since teenwolf hasn't been on...
I'm patiently waiting for season2!!
:
dude, is one of your groomsmen?
I like to know whomever I might have to walk down an aisle with.
oh yeah.
I repost your pieces on the SSP fb page.
Thx again.
LSN NEWS/ RICK SANTORUM Presidential candidate Staff Push Back Media Including CSPAN In DC
getting hype for this lakeshow game man..
we in la we gotta get this.
He has the hair he has the eyes he has the personality but he can be dick
Groovy!
RaRah is a great human being.
They say Puff worth 550 million.....DAMN!!!
Don't worry if I write rhymes, I write checks haha.
Great reporting and investigative journalism by  every Sunday.
remain hungry..
never satisfied..
We are not conceding.
We are actually just in wait and see mode..
You should try it sometime Neill.
Too hot to work out.
Must doctornk wine instead.
And watch TV.
And eat that bag of chips before it gets stale.
Much too hot to work out.
The music in this store is ruining my life
Hi Joshua, thanks for submitting your piece.
We are at a twomonth turnaround max for fiction.
Hope this helps.
hey waz up there
Been listening to the game on radio doctorving home.
Surprised I haven't crashed in frustration yet.
Unbelievably awful.
Ok people...the winner is who resurrected his initial wrong response with the correct date!
Congrats!
Lol the sun was just out like 4 minutes ago.
What the fuck happened..
no more than you do now, I'm sure
they burning my chesy
nevermind..
as a fan we dont want to see it and expect better..
Good Monday Morning Twitter fam!!
How are u doing this morning?
ESPRESSOTIME for me :
11 your username is really cute : also i love avan jogia too!
its really cool that you live in germany!
that shits weak
He's an on time God!
I've been good!
You?!
:D
I know exactly where that is!
I passed it 2x while doing mello yello tour!
he wasn't tonight.
oomf likes my smile :
I am thinking about getting one myself but don't know if it's wort the buy.
Writing grants gives me the munchies!
I need to find a grant that funds our office snacks.
Thanks for the MT!!
what up and how have you been?
Please follow for all econdev news in San Antonio!
loving all the zombies in session.
Getting some good tips on how to survive an attack :
I love Put Your Hearts Up by Arianna Grande!!!
Wow!
Why does the NCAA hate Memphis so much?
I am at NewVox until 6pm today.
Today couldn't have stressed me out more.
Congratulations to Kevin Ostrowski, one of our Sr.
Staff Engineers for receiving his Michigan professorssional Engineering license.
Way to go!
well i hope you make it son,, i cant get a job to save my life,,,im out chea hurtin
Like donny????
he can always give us rides ;
GO BEARS!!!
Can't lose to the Chiefs today!!
I didn't think it was going to get stuck in there!
's THE RIGHTEOUS MIND is wonderfully clearly written.
Halfway through.
Reading with professorssional admiration.
more 1D pictures tomorrow to prove our love to ?
ha i know i saw y today toi
Was it Scott???
hahahah
Established South Asian artist Nahid Raza, style similar to famed M.F.
Hussain, only two pieces 400890.00 www.zanbeelart.com
We Shall doctornk Together Tonight
Did everyone get there workout in today?
Get busy!!!
That gun is sick!!!
It will be on the awesomeness network, which debuts in June.
The YouTube network initiative should be fascinating.
We've tweeted so much...
I forgot to pee...
oop!
...too late.
let's do a webcast 3 thank you for last night...
everytime feels like the first!
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders and pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver?
goodtoknow RT : Homemade treats are great.
can pack  ship those goodies for loved ones.
Well played, sir.
Throw a WI location in on that Demi Lovato Tour, will you???
PLEASE?????
Madison?
This all started because of the Pussycat Dolls' When I Grow Up
But I'm really excited for the Aids Walk in New York.
It's going to be so fascinating and a great experience.
SUNDAY!
Grapple hooks?
Stickers?
Sock puppets that slap each other?
Little Big Planet 2 thought of everything.
The FiVE  Five event is underway here at Balistreri Vineyards and filling up quick!
they won't let you get your own contract?!
getschman Affable intro.
No hand in pocket.
Hard to do humor unless very comfortable.
Happy 80th Birthday Johnny Cash!!!
then u should see the tomatoes in my garden Paul.
Bed time
The Root of all Insanity: End Of April 2012 Post
Westbrook kinda looks like a lizard
I'll keep you in mind and of course that forces me to produce some words to let you read doesn't it?
Be well

I hear you.
Was doctorseless last week and got knocked out.
Good luck!
Table doctorw in the 1k 6max seems excellent.
3 oldish guys and another guy who just opened 6 bbs.
Dalton, Ga., man wins 20,000 in Georgia Lottery
Rip ninelivesOfChloeKing and secretcircle bye bye Jake :
Go Raji!
Super Bowl fever getting warmer gopackgo Another free shot!
RT : Hey, Wisconsin  How many jobs has ScottWalker created?
Bawhahaha!!!
How many days for THAT recall?
ive got to find some inner strength to make it through today.
Why would you keep secrets from your boyfriend/girlfriend in a relationship?
NATHAN WIND
Hey, you kinda left all your stuff at my house.
Just in case you forgot.
Lol
It was a birthday present to myself to not have to work yesterday :
I want to go to your next show!
Hit me up!
Austin, you're beautiful 3
I wish I got the job from baptist 
DONT BE HATING ON Y NEW FRIENDS THERE COOL
You  Gum  School  Instant Popularity.
Not a good morning for me
its a lot of them on here you'll be wealthy
So did we!
MT : Thanks for teaching and I about mail art today!
And for the cookies.
I grew up there.
My mom and friends' moms always worked.
Female teachers inspired me to be an independent thinker.
The feeling is mutual, Lisa!
We checked in on our mint today  it is ready for tea!
Can't wait to bring you some next wk  visit yr opening March 31st!
It's possible to explain them quicker.
Hochuli just prefers to be thorough.
Or wordy.
You choose.
but they were unmarried and cohabitating moms.
thus the language we used.
A groundplan in powerpoint?
This promises to be a hi quality event.
If you ballin im with the owners
DAVID ALLEN GRIER!!!
Life is I.N.G
well that is quite lovely of you, I think I might just have to do that.
I'm looking into the HOOTSUITE thing now.
A guru eh?
: Thanks for following back Eileen.
Best time of the year in S Florida.
Temp in mid 70s.
bus to DC...a sprinkle of holiday celebration then hopping to Newton...
not the fig kind....
Dude with light up wheels on his wheelchair was g as fuck
Ok friends and followers.
Where can I get boxes for cheap in San Diego?
F YOU CARL EDWARDS!!!!!
DYK?
Phi Beta Sigma Founder A.
Langston Taylor was their First National President.
...Happy Founders Day
The first meeting of the Economic Development  Strategies Committee was a huge success.
Lots more to do to help grow San Diego's economy.
I miss you so much more!
CA Small Claims Special: Prepare, File , and Serve 99!
Call 855PROCESS today!

Check out Good rootsy rock.
ughh jenny.
Why you so naughty ?!!?
my toothpaste tastes like toasted cream cheese bagels  eugene
Tips for traveling with teenagers by glassvisage
Space is overrated.
DD is the model of what a WR should be in NFL from a work ethic/personal good guy.
Sad to say tho...it's time to go.
Christmas is coming sooner than you think.
Felon Fitness makes a great present for anybody who wants, likes, or needs to exercise.
God blesses those whose hearts are pure, for they will see God.
Matthew 5:8,
Now off to Greece for another meeting...
Band would like to thank those who braved the snowy chicago night to see the new set.
it only gets better from here.
ur an amazing basketball player but I could def beat you at madden
Like legit mother nature needs to calm herself.
I want the lights back on!:p
I love my sister man , she the only one that can help me get thru shit like this !
Keep saying you're gona leave one day.
But truth is im going to be leaving the house one day.
You need to take care of my family
I know they learn from your show!
Lmfao how'd u know???
Gas prices aren't the only cost hitting motorists' wallets hard.
Tune in to Sunrise to hear about the latest report!
FreshprinceofBelair God, please don't let me leave here w Breast...Will lmaooo
But I'm a realist and know that there are very limited groups of ppl really following/ discussing this
The best design is always a source of both immediate delight and lasting pleasure, Elle Decor Magazine.
IF YOU HAVE AN OOVOO SEND ME YOUR NAMES!!!!!!!!!
11 33 here and I'm not tired when I should be
Own your own business..Start today!
teacher formerly, however, if teacher  stus develop expectations together, motivation will increase, IMHO
Who the fuck says stuff like that...this is the shit I be talking about
is the best rapper ever!Before,I barely listened to rap/hiphop music.But ever since I heard you,I can't stop 21 love you:
pussy is just doctorma.....lol
Come meet cochlear implant users and learn more about hearing loss at a free hearingloss seminar bit.ly/hearingtour
MT : Whichever baseball gods gave the O's an early April Yankees series starting with the back end of the rotation, I despise you.
ATTENTION; IS NOT LEO!!
LEO'S ACCOUNT IS
Skins UK version
TheatreSports Team meets tonight: 7pm.
Great fun!
TheatreSports Team meats tonight: pepperoni.
Great taste!
Ah!
You can hear it coming like a train outta control!!!!!
lifesaver Lol thanks for posting it
Ninety farms lamb butchered this am, on our plates tonite Grilled tbone, celeriac puree, roasted pascillas, hedgehog shrooms.
yeah, my neighbor said at least from us on maryland ave ne up to her friend on independence.
What happened?!
I'll have a blue Christmas without you...
Well, it is!
: But yeah, that's problematic.
Learn something new everyday!
RT : Ni Ko La Ba Toom....
no s
you should make the bucket hat your MF Doom Mask...
in other words, your trademark lol
your girl will be jealous of your fantasybaseballteam because you spend more time with it than her.
Advice: erotic toy
I'm so pissed!
I'm trying to put some pictures on here.
Lol!
I suck at Twitter!
River loved him, but it was my vicious cat....
Yes, it's been divine!
RT : User: So you can listen to Pandora in Salesforce?
Me: No, that's my bookmark.
DCFashion Week starts tonight at 1250 24th St.
NW 7pm.
EcoFashion show.
Designers  Kelly Tang, Elizabeth St.
John and more.
what rich said.
If that doesn't work you can also restore in iTunes hyun.
let's hear it for the boy is on in modell's 3
What a busy day at work, feels good to chill have a brew and watch the crew play in 1 of my fav cities hotlanta
Handed off the iPad and nacw tweeting duties to Back tomorrow.
follow me, I followed back!
If anyone has seen a pink Kate spade wallet with keys attached PLEASE LET ME KNOW!
The last place I had them was blackbird.
Ah
I wish you could separate trending topics by race.
Wait wait wait...a day off tomorrow?
A WHOLE day?
Hot damn!
Wait...and a ticket to a show?
Well, I'll be damned.
Dammit.
I feel like I'm dying inside again.
If I could be like that, I would give anything.
but they're apparently honey badgers
I think u forgot the killer?
Never part in there oO
Ahh, now that feels good.
Enhance your flexibility and find your center during a serenity stretch session.
I was jesting
If your ex is still calling, it's because they are still getting an answer.
: he's repenting for his sins....unlike you....now go back to the sinners side of the bench!!
RT : Listening to architect Michael Green explain huge benefits of building hirise buildings made of wood.
Starbucks should never ever get rid of their coconut syrup.
Here we go.heay
thanks for letting us know : Giraffes are awesome!
same here.
But by wine I mean scotch.
Damn last episode of DesperateHousewives forever now I can just focus on these NBA games
The Doctor and some movie starring Robert Duvall as a pilot and Beaches.
I did like that we had to find articles in popular media
MorrisButler Holiday Teas start this Saturday.
Only a few spots open.
Call 6365409 for reservations.
We should take a walk someday, doctoram about what we could've been.
But I don't wanna leave this place, no faith in Brooklyn.
Oh shoot it's going down in the MA!
and can't wait!
will be screening 2 great films at our first block!
She's a Sensei and Letting in the Jungle.
Thanks!
Jack Harry and Frank Boal up in the press box at LSP.
Frank's got a SKC scarf on.
hi I may be working with a local person within my area.
Thanks for reaching out to me!
Our success is a direct result of knowing how to market a brand and having the right people representing the brand
About to?
Where we are, they definitely already are!
: What do I have to offer this world?
a bad attitude and medium to large hands.
Oh and a ship tattoo.
county music 3
Congress creates a committee to investigate if defenses should be built in VA.
mister S Adams, mister Lynch, mister Wilson, mister Ward, and mister Johnson
Wow a protest in Cambridge, Schocking!
The peoples Republic
My momma irratates the shit out of me
Alright Lakers!
Lets eat these chicken Nuggets for dinner!
Lakers 1 KB 24 MVP!
:D
haha see..i only like the old one.
If i like the original I don't like bands doing remakes.
I'm THAT kinda person
Too many tests today
just finished watching the hunger games!
awesome!
super intense tho...
potentially nightmare inducing!
Damn I forgot, you have no flava!!!
got contact for camera man at exit in?
Lookin for rockin pics!
Congratulations!!!!
Well Deserved!
First Time I watched the whole show and repeatedly.
Happy Turkey Day!!
smooches
Looking for summer bartending help.
Call Ken or email for more info.
Flowers...
Flowers...
Can't wait to hit the WI Beer Lovers Festival in Glendale, only blocks from my house ...
how convenient!
I'm mentally unstable.
In the pants..
Not yet.
When would you wanna go?
Watching; not liking.
As much as you try,somethings you can never forget
Close minded selfish ppl suck.
Conclusion jumping double dutch style lol.
But I'm not tired yet...
Come.on suggs we need u
RT  Looking to make it to the Cleveland Browns vs Jacksonville Jaguars game November 20th.
Anyone know people or have se...
gottaloveit when your itunes goes silent and it takes you 2 minutes to realize it's just illest muthafucka alive
RT: Tonight is our guest on mediachat and our topic is Brands and future use of Twitter.
Tonight at 10pm EST.
Leading a project called Together: creating opp.
for underprivileged kids to work w/mentors for better edu.
Is that so bad?
It seems people are more cheery about this valentinesday.
Less moans about hallmark holidays than in past twitter feed years.
But I loove correcting the hyphens.
RT Today we change email to email, no hyphen.
Editors will announce it at ACES2011 today.
sobering that not only has Zimmerman not been arrested, but his clothes never seized as evidence.
sometimes I don't understand what they want me to buy
Having Internet problems, but here w on our phones!
It's her first tweetmob!

Loved by many , hated by few , but respected by all
3am wakeup didn't feel that early 3 hours ago.
It does now.
Panda is my my new J/O.
Good to see my boy Daniel working the kitchens
RT Jesus wept when A/C fell out his window
Iran accuses Israel of bombing their own embassies....
Allegedly they did it to make Iran look bad...lol.
I don't know about you, but I'm stoked that tomorrow kicks off the season.
Gotta start setting up some of the tailgate stuff today.
Just got a good run in!
ImThatPersonWho always tries to cheer someone up.
a 1D book signing.
x
Thanks :D and if TeamKyleParsons trended I would cry tears of happiness and then high5 you...
Errbody loves high5s!
:D
RT As we look ahead, leaders will be those who empower others.
Bill Gates
So Scott Walker had more votes today than the entire democratic party?
Right on.
I love the feeling I get i'm with you.
Started from the begining and made it to end...with all them eniemes that started off as friends
You didn't follow that when you were city attorney.
Bear's Place has 5 pitchers of Miller Light, Coors Light and Skip  Go Naked tonight.
Try an Ice Cream doctornk for only 4
no haha I just forgot that I wasn't and I thought you were talking about me haha
Awesome party time
Jeff Z of the Baltimore Sun first on Twitter with the news that O's have signed Dylan Bundy
Nvm.
Found it..
My parents had it all along.
ugh!
not happy about your extra WTT ticket...whodaheck is HiFly?
lol...tell him to write me a history paper on hiphop.
Im glad
Many thanks to the leaders of the lafayettesquare community in westbaltimore for organizing tonight's forum
Best wishes to Jess and JR Cheers on your upcoming nuptials!!!
Absolutely.
RT : if you're running a business, you're your own recruiter.
doctorpping smarts.
Iknowafamousperson CONGRATS AGAIN I still can't get over how cool that is.
tinyurl.com/2bcghnk   Get rid of annoying pests  more
Hells yeah!
When are tickets on sale?
I can't believe I'm a small town boy from Chicago about to see the world with my copilot.
:
haha : I never had one.
The rest of my night will consist of movies on netflix.
in Orlando now.
You are as manipulative as a woman.
Madison to David Linamen
it wasn't pretty but Sixers got it done!
Let's see you Boston peeps in Philly!
Having gym first period is pretty awesome because my allergy medicine hasn't kicked in yet  I can't breathe.
Shout out to Be ICONic Stay ICONic : : Yeah Buddy
This might be your answer RT : Cook it up Bishop!!
thanks for all your tireless reporting over the last few months.
Will be making a donation to your site momentarily
The Battle of Florida have just as many scouts as players.Was talking to scouts last night from nearly every NFL team.
My bf is going to be really excited when I tell him that the hourlong Taylor Swift special I watched last night was only part one of three!
Wow!!
Thats dedication!
Just a complete defensive disaster.
What is going on in this series?
are YOU an artist or writer?
want to have your work featured  become a staffer for 1st  Vine?
please email me 
Got doctorke New Album

TODAY ONLY  DM us where u r  how much time u have  we'll send u 1 WOULDN'tWANTMISS event/place
Lol well you don't have to do Insanity yet, but get in a nice 30 minute workout.
love what you said about Discipline and the Lord.
I feel you on that one.
mlanet12 Am I forgetting anything?!
Agreed!
RT : introversion  lack of self confidence
Looking forward to lots of laughs!
Just a reminder  taking a break from Saturdays at Hayes Valley for a bit.
Back soon though.
Breaking news: F is back in the lineup tonight for the Mammoth.
Welcome him back, Mammoth fans!
Remember Porcelain?
Missing falling asleep with you /3
I don't think your stupid but what's my opinion against thousands?
Listened to your songs and they were awesome!
Makes me want to dance around!
Wow, watching the previews on a film of mine, remember hdDVD?
It's like laser disk all over again!
This footage is from 1965
Filming in Benson, Nebraska and then with the NP Dodge Real Estate  Oak Office today!
Busy, but fun day for Amoura Productions!
love you!!
WesJohnson has 3 blocks in the first quarter.
why does the article repeat a bunch of paragraphs?
Otherwise, fantastic assessment.
You all are awesome!
I do now!
thanks
I missed Whit Stillman.
forever alone :
I just went out with AJ vs 66 also.
This phone is about to have a serious accident ..
Grrrr
Things got kinda tense when the Galactic Senate told the Jedi masters how to train padawans.
Windels lack of coverage is disturbing, I guess when history of libs fanatics actually shooting it will be taken more seriously
Doing a programming booth at Summerfest would be much work.
Are we serious?
Should we meet to talk?
John spoke this AM but he's been a hit discussing his images on the mezzanine level!
Late lunch at the Corner Bakery, yum!
Wonder if I still have the 'Super Spud  Butterboy comics I made in H.S.?
Were like old Batman tv show, but w a potato  stick of butter.
Retweet this if u a freak
Really?
You're going?
That's so crazy, I didn't expect you to go.
Guess I'll see you there ;
: stated earlier: Mason Plumlee has yet to make an official decision about entering NBA doctorft Seriously?!
The only good part of today was 2 coworkers belting out Carpenters songs in attempt to show me my erring ways.
Hi EV All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
no...come back to us!
Pretty please?
.
SBA has multiple APIs and multiple partners.
great stuff
am i invited?
The one who can find that diamond in the rough and claim it as his own person treasure.
Hey team If you're not following the hottest player in the NFL Please go follow now 
Would need to beopp.in hometwn.Movingnew ntwrk/friends/job/life
Greatest weekend ever
Breakfast with the fam!:
What in the world is Shailene Woodley thinking wearing that atrocity?
Damn
awesome sounds like fun
Yesterday....today will just be about the Imperial Crisis of the 1760s!
I was going to ask...
I do believe it, I've been playing around with strobes more and more and liking the results!
I used to be conceited...
But GOD!!
I'll be on my way!
Looking forward to Alex Smith getting the credit he deserves.
Tough loss yesterday, opened a lot of doors tho.
GM sees new models spurring rebound from 90year U.S.
marketshare low GM Vice Chairman Stephen Girsky said last week the automaker wasn'
how's the chi group feeling???
Love the new CD!
Can't stop listening to it!
Wish you guys played ALL of Warped Tour :'
Wahhh.
Need to do homework.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!
Thanks for doing that; hope he sticks w/us.
Tell him he can give his digital access to someone else.
DM me if u need to
Just can't stop listening.
2nd one for Adele , keep winning babe, all my love for you...
I had no idea his film company was behind Exit Through the Gift Shop.
Cool little tidbit.
Just got word, big surprise at Dell VIP event!
Totally agree.
Jack Stack's creamed corn and burnt ends is hard to beat.
This year going by too fast , like yesterday we were picking out classes we want to take next year.
Let's see what happens next.
Just chilling in my car until my shift starts.
I really want a stuffed animal giraffe.
I told them we need to throw in some Stephen Foster so as not to be too offensive.
Imagine Stephen Foster being the NONoffensive part.
I agree
Come visit me in NY!
;
Free chipotle wit the doctornk ..eatin good
Im fine...we have to hang out before I graduate next week!!
Back to being forever alone.
that's slang for hey how are you lol
The movie was outstanding, very compelling and very well done  Pat Doyle
Dungen makes some lush, trippy music.
Always brightens my day.
ok tweeps its been a long day so we are out for the night!
be back 2moro for more fun and remember start hashing!!
50liesIwasTold You're the only one I love.
We just signed up with direct tv yesterday in order to get NFL Sunday ticket.
Just another option for you.
:
Not too far.
All Ladies want professorssional FOTOS of them 1/2 naked.
ALL of them!
My spring break  yours
Aw man : okayy
Hey thanks for the follow!
Would love to come check out your space!
New to twitter?
I can help with that too ;
wallstreet is to new york
i love grace
I'm so proud of you!
boyfriend video is amazingg!!
:D:D even my mum thinks you look sexy in it..
:'D
needs to have a concert in SAN ANTONIO NoJoke 3
Catching up on some episodes...
Lovin' the Emily Rose series.
When do we get another episode!?
no shoutout to the someone who told you how good and ahead of schedule zeller was?!
Haha jk!
Great read!
The School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act was introduced in the U.S.
House!
Thx
Awww!
Nice : such Good big brother!
I start summer classes at lfcc on 21 i took semester off i feel so behind
There is a remarkable variety  volume of personal injury lawyer ads airing in Miami.
I'm just waiting for the social media inundation
follow back?
I guess seeing that song win will be worth a day wearing stoner dog underwear
Even better...
NOT an intruder.
A freakin coworker.
Wow, I feel stupid
Jeans weather :/
Follow me?
It would mean a lot.
:3
hahahahah my mom got a twitter?
Seriously needed a relaxing day/night..
doing NOTHING.

Would love to see you at clinic on Saturday.
If so, please ask for He can direct you.
TY!
I think my friends are really stupid
Change management in higher ed E11 with reps from CUNY NY
The very first Litfest pasadena today!
John Adams, former Archbishop Mitty HS with the nice assist for Lehigh bucket against Duke.
Teammate of doctorw Gordon, New Mexico

SDSU career fair today....all our new Aztec friends should come visit our booth!
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
Where can I see the commercial with Tanner?
Anyone?
thanks for the follow!
Small world.
I met ur cast while acting one episode on
Military customers can receive a Honor Badge for a new Chevy in May!
For each, we'll donate 100 to Cell Phones for Soldiers!
: If only I spoke Chinese!
Should I buy Mao's red book now?
none of the Pacers want to use their purses?
Is that what you're trying to say?
Ohh wow my bed is putting up a really compelling argument to just stay here all day...
no motivation to get up and start moving.
I know, it was so sad.
I hope that lady goes to jail for like life!
Looking forward to 's Crafting Modernism exhibit.
haha kill Ellis!
I hear that.
If they give Kotchman any longer than the end of May They're fucking stupid.
Get ready for the Zack Attack.
I mean Zack Greinke from the brewers not Zack Morris' awesome band.
Sorry
hahah yes I think that's a good ideaa :P
done, get a little Chinese boofay before the game?
The website is currently being refreshed but has some good info on it already.
Specializing in actors Headshots, events,  corporate photos.
I hope everyone is having a happy Sunday!
Only 95 more day for my book...to come out!
Love you all
So thankful they unsuspended my account; Signed up to follow too many people in one day!
Whoops!
oh great lol
Did you get a chance to see THOR?
Hope your nightmare didn't come true for you.
I loved it.
So glad I got both of my presentations done and over with today.
Low turnout?
Reports of light primary recall voting around state.
Marquette poli sci professorJohn McAdams says projected 35 looking unlikely
All the news crews are lined up for a day of protest at Westlake Park.
Been watching Third Reich on History Channel tonight...very graphic
News from the defamation lawsuit: Louie Wright's attorneys tried to get a list of contributors to the TKC defense fund 1/3
People can love.
People can hate.
People can do thinqs with food.
They can build......
etc.
What other thinqs can we amazinq humans do?!
!
RT : Our generation may not be able to find Iraq on a map but damn it we are awesome at taking photos of ourselves
The MCAP event raised over 3,000 in donations to the NJPA Legal Action Fund and MCAP made an additonal 1,000 donation in Jeff's honor!
again...
FUCK you
Best wishes to Giants LB !
We're excited for you to be playing in your 1st SUPER BOWL!
Tackle Patriots like you TackleCancer!

thats when the ol late pm snack comes in!
Nuts or a protein bar and the essential.....York peppermint patty.
you've had a clif bar too!!?
that's sweet.
I thought they only had them in chicago
ITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN!!!
JOIN ME AND PARTNER TONIGHT FOR INTERMIXWEDNESDAYS.
CHANGING THE HAPPY HOUR GAME FOREVER!
I'm going to meet Austin.
I don't know when, I don't know how.
But one day, IT WILL happen.
I just know it.
Thank you Christy!
The Caribbean Carnival is what we are talking about now.
But think about how much goodwill Google could earn by letting it languish and then shutting it down.
Why does my suitcase and everything in it smell like BBQ?
living proof?
Larry, you're starting to make people think you're losing it.
I really don't get it when you call tech support and then they tell you they need tech support.
Jdhdjdhxdkxhzndkfhyfo
: If you don't like the Foo Fighters, I know I hate you.
saw them at Red Rocks...
Best show ever!
Gonna have to head out to the doggy bed of doctorams : Gn Cousins  u never in the doghouse Scott :
Ditto!
AMAZING!
I just saw two corvette convertibles at a stoplight.
Spring is here.
Can't move my lips, but my heart is screaming...
Better show: Boston Common or The Single Guy?
So twitter friends how about them Pacers y'all i actually thought we had OrlandoMagic beat then we stopped scoring......
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Hiya, !
Thanks for the follow, Laurel!
A wiki is a 'a website developed collaboratively by a community of users, allowing any user to add and edit content.'
It begins.
Old fashioneds by megan at hank's with jim
Anyone know about shotguns?!
Wrestling with heavy thing
Join our house music night  Colony.
Can't wait for
Contemplating a redesign of FRSHGRND.com  any critique, comments, ideas, feedback?
Open to any thoughts :
You Da Man!
We want to see you back in Israel next year!
I remember your 1st game vs Haifa for Maccabi, you were awesome!
don't flatter yourself you're not the only girl on Twitter whos birthday is today.
Lol
Today is one year of officially practicing law...
UKnowUHungryWhen your stomach starts speaking in Klingon to you.
Note to self, do not post naked photos on twitter.
im in heaven when i saw that smile.
Omg ur awesome already.
It's another day of researching shows and productions today.
Fireplace is on.
Coffee in hand.
Ready.
Last home game of the season has begun!
Request noted  We'll keep you updated as we work on this functionality.
Thanks for the feedback!
Tell me if he wins!
Have you read the books?
Let me know if you EVER want to chat !
MT Joffrey needs to be snuffed out!
My doctoram ruined my nap 
I'm gonna get u!
Miss you too!
I'll probably see you in NOLA , in July!
Then you'll get to meet my bear.
that's the way to roll baby
more and more and more and more and more.
cmon Shefty!!!!
Show the Mile High some LOVE!!!
Go Nuggets!
Why post?
Contest is closed.
Watching the Japan tsunami footage...
Devastating they say it's 8.8...
Puts your blessings in prospective.
Its 4 degrees and I'm going to the barn to host a birthday party.
it's a Team effort but  Ten is why we didn't Win.
Two crucial Turnovers!!!
We really want to see on It might make at least 35 theatre nerd's lives to see you on this talk show!
Mention twitter on your next mattress purchase and receive a free memory foam pillow!!
Available this weekend only...99 value so hurry in!!
is this the end of a hero boy named Finn?
Heck no!
Darn it no!
This isn't how I go!
freakcity Magic Man!
i have no idea yet, I wanna have a smoove day today.
Let's see who try and fuck dis up...
The body of a young woman is God's greatest achievement.
Of course He could have made it to last longer, but you can't have everything.
I told you so, but you had to go.
Now I've found somebody new and you will never break my heart in two again.
hi sweet ladies, battling a migraine that joined me for dinner.How r u?
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Harriet Beecher Stowe
After a year in the business, the company was ready to start generating more leads and had hired a sales person to tackle more business

A Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.
nice run!
Good job.
Lucky Charms...
Fuck the rest.
no prob bob.
I'll eat reuben soup with you anytime :
Follow Family Dollar...LOL
welcome to the Cowboys schedule every year
I'm bout to have to go to church
yeah he is HILARIOUS
doctornken Debauchery wit Pflames at Louis Bar starts....NOW!!!!
The only thing constant in life is change
,I am recovering from hernia operation
Hey everyone!!!!!
Nothing like a week at home to help you appreciate school
AWWW good times 3 RT Kat DelunaWhine Up reminds me of partying the summer of 07 aw with
email the googlerefine mailing list if you need help.
looks like you hit some bug rather than a scale issue
You're right about how ugly the bruteforce is, since the real solution is a very pretty cluster of integrals
Waiting to head to LV hell yeah buddy
Keep your Irish down in the basement!
cc
omg i cannot stop laughing this is hilarious
S/O to my new followers
I think I'm older than you aren't I?
Hm...unless we do your age in gay so if you are in your 20's, in gay you're like 60 lol
Oops meant to reply.
Love that you are a pseudo Broncos fan!
You're going to have a fantastic day?
m.
Intelligent content...finally!
I almost gave up on Twitter
IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend nothing in the world could be more perfect.
I KNOW!
I thought things were somehow going to get better because she held so much hope for me...
right now, it seems I was wrong :
DC's School Without Walls still closed today due to earthquake damage.
Despite the name, the innovative school evidently has some structure.
you're both beautiful and I love you both!
:
There really is a lot of humor.
Sherlock talks a bit too fast.
Thanks to for the great presentation today!
LOL!!
No it's all good!
Will hit u in a few!
thanks!
She's great with ppl, it's other dogs that seem to be the issue, she's definitely an alpha girl lol
Words to live by.
We're looking forward to your HStreetNE opening!
RT : When you love what you do everyday is Pizza Friday.
PEOPLE WHO TWEET THEMSELVES ARE PATHETIC
wonderful!
Even if im still on the mend, come over for a glass of wine for a bit to visit, love to see u!!!
holla atchur girl :
He acting funny now o well
Derek likes anything fresh so maybe grass clippings would work for his fav Man Candle scent.
Steak too, but not
is that you?
happy birthday to one of the greatest point guards of all time
We just followed our followers who followed us first!!!
Have you?
Happy followfriday!!!
Bedtime.
The summer of sangria will commence this weekend.
Plenty of 2 buck chuck to use and infuse.
I mean, look.
It's a step.
Progress is progress.
Get ready to keep pushing.
bad news: its real life!
Starting today!
Heading to Brimfield Antique show, largest show in the world!
Aye kearra put that pic up the one i took in skool on fb doe
ants bite me
Sometimes I wish I didn't care so much kuz who's there to care for me
And Lebron does what he does in the 4th quarter miss free throws.Skip baseless ll ve a field day tommorrow
There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled.
There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled.
You feel it, don't you?
Rumi
weight watchers for men....fatpeopleproblems thats me
Just got our doctorm tracks!
Thursday we finish A Murder of Crows EP!
workin on that itunes biz for you ;
if you say so
Have fun at prom tonight girls!
For the last effing time...I am NOT the court reporter?!?!!
Thanks good to see you and Sara.
i still remember when i interviewed on ellen it was so so amaizin lol.......
I really wanna thank u all for all ur support...
We have made a TON of friends during Who's coming back this year?
We are excited!
Expect great promos from us this year!
Join us at the naturalization ceremony at Golden Hall to help register new citizens to vote!
10:15am TODAY, 3rd  B St.
Finally home from Houston
Thanks for your interest in Glad to hear that you liked what you saw from us at the recent
I'm looking for a great clams and pancetta recipe, do you have any suggestions chef?
What should i get to eat right now???
: The queen is on site RT : First contact on real clay for Serena.
Williams, as she practices now on court 3
The best things in life are free T.M.E.
B THE TAKEOVER
thanks to you as well!
Sometimes I spend a lot of time doctorving behind ppl trying to figure out what 3SIT399 means, until I realize its probably not a vanity plate
Thanks for the MT!
It was wonderful to meet you at the !!
We loved your booth and the fun work you do!
IKR she is so annoying
I am so screwed.
I'd love to see Silk's Chocolate mint, dark chocolate almond, and eggnog in the next two weeks!
Last day of high school tomorrow.
idk if I'm excited or really upset.
Was that the Call Me Maybe of that generation?
This past weekend was mad real
Headed south to talk technology and vino with TJ Rodgers at winery.
Accurately counting jobs is impossible, right?
a lot of those Canadians are Dutch.
I'm going to state
Ernie and Dufner could use some putting tips at the Haggin Oaks Golf Expo.
Its 37th edition is winding down.
O.o Damn , Lol : WeWontWork if ya boobs can be mistaken for your knee caps
Aflcio's Liz Shuler talking to 900 Univ of Il students about the labor movement and workers
HT Great job by on the Morning Show this morning
red could be
Use to call the hoe bubble she used alot of spit front room my partner house thats where i use to hit...
Like they say, if you're not paying for the product, you ARE the product.
Mother Jones article comment on new Google privacy policy.
Thanks for the FF sweetie!
Good afternoon speak with my family
Prom 5 days.
So angered I could nuke something.
epic11 doctor Helen Barrett: 4 pillars are: self awareness, planning to learn, knowing how to learn, monitoring your learning
I need your number again my angel.
It takes so little to kill my mood.
I hate it.

We Love!!
Follow me for celebritystyling  fashiontips pls!
Would love to collaborate w/ you!
Xox
the heavy traffic on Fletcher is due to their inability to get on 275 southbound
Coachella Valley foodies: y'know that big Mexican restaurant on El Paseo that's been empty for years?
Owner may have a new tenant.
Hope hope
OMG me too.
LOVE that picture  golden retrievers.
What moments,ho
na bro it was all straight from the head.
The Spurs now have 7 players in double figures
sounds like GCD guilty conscience syndoctorme.
I can't find my dick
It was, thank you for your silent auction donation!
loss of comunication
cool, we have gear coming in so I just want to get tht place open and start slanging there and at shows
loolz!
Mad ting :
wearing rainboots and its hot and not even raining yet
bout to go get in showeer
Just passed a strip mall that had a gun shop and chain saw store next to each other.
I know where I'm going for the zombie apocolypse.
Maybe if the Brewers would wear their game whites and grays instead of their BP jerseys they might win more games.
Lady Gaga said iconic :o
Billy Joel The Stranger nowplaying This song and album shake my soul.
and 8:53pm.
1 hr post ingestion of unsealed hummus.
Still not dead.
Still thinking we made right call on white bean.
Happy Thanksgiving y'all!
Who's ready for seconds?
Insane Clown Posse is playing tonight with a line around the block.
It's scenes like this that make me lose a little more faith in humanity.
special guest in the studio tonight for the next episode of the FatNoMoSho!
I wonder if Bloopers for gay porn exist?....and what exactly would be on it?
That would be hilarious to watch!!
Ringer no doubt, it's a Mac app.
ice12 Enjoying Digital Portfolios for Primary Grades
you know memphis inside out!
Keep me posted on the scene.
I know you going to that Sade concert and Jill is right after!
Another station violation?
From 3/25?
What the crap?
Could we not get these 2 months after so I can actually remember what happened?
A wellbalanced diet that includes a variety of fish and shellfish can contribute to heart health and childoctorn's growth and development.
I hope I get to see in Feb in LA for a hike?
A coffee?
A greasy ass burger an hour later at In and Out?
Hmm...
I love u and please pleas follow me:
This diet will be the death of me 
marry me please 3
RT : One's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Thank you for your continued support of HBCUs and PBIs.
You are truly one of our Congressional Champions!
Have fun ladies!
You both look fabulous!
xoxo, Downtown Donna
ahh I know!
I can't wait!
We're ready.
Are you?
Winter Showcase Day a little over 12 hours away.
have a busy fri,sat,sun ahead.
Probably won't b on much.
I'll try an tweet some.
miss me okay guys!
3
i see ppl dont want to tlk to me...its ok im not gon trip...its ok cuz i see u gonna wanna tlk to me wen i dnt wanna tlk to u  .
idhdu The 'Humane Gaming session'  led by Rafael Fajardo  Scott Leutenegger  IDH DU is awesome!
Scratch is a great gaming tool!
what up lil cuzzo sorry for the delayed response how ya been?
That's the sign of an occupation force at work.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Josh Beckett to skip today's start to play paintball instead.
It is the great Womb that holds us all, and in which everything is created.
It is powered by what we want and strength of feeling.
awe.
sadness.
Was good to see you in class Monday.
Over 200 followers!
Thanks everyone!
Got a new texting app on my iPod!
Txt me!
: 1 214 0385
Intimately, the submit is definitely the very best on this precious topic.
had my dentist appointment this morning ...
looks like this widom teeth are coming out :.
One week, three winners 's Daredevil 12, 's Avengers Academy 29, and Ennis's Fury 1  Marvel's doing Just Fine!
DvL
Feminism WTF  Lela London  Style Guide and Fashion Blog
Fuck.
I miss you.
Someone pulled the alarm at the country club so Bryz turned to me  said Look Jagr i so terrible even when i not play goal siren go off
Just got up, 4 hours sleep, not sure I can talk, customer meeting today.
Seeing and last night totally worth it
Come in and try our Baingan Bhartha and Dal Makhani
today at 1we'll be at the clackamas water park celebrating em's oldest son turning 15.
you should come get wet and stuff.
To bed I go!
It's going to b a busy Monday!
lmfaoo!!
Smh it was so tragic!
Planning a December Flashmob.
Stay tuned..
I just realized that was the fuckin beanie that clown took from me!!!
:
Come watch the SF 49ers and NY Giants game and enjoy happy hour specials during the game!
acrl2011 Hmm.
I wonder how much gender bias is going on in e keynote about personal fashion.
High heels.
Right.
The ict2dc van has safely delivered and to their home.
so conceited
yeah, I can watch the puppy.
almost makes me want to give you my number
If your primary focus n life is sex, money, power, war, tv, food, sports, cars, clothes, etc etc; n my opinion u r missing the point of life
Now following back!
RT :
thx for the shout out for ThingLink and thx for doctorpping by.
lol....random question.
When you were  BGSU did students go to Toledo a lot like students  KSU run to Akron  Cleveland?
doctorke color coordinates his outfit to match his bowl of fruit loops Sounds like a  esque saying to me.
...the time, but I expect some sort of lower price when I want to buy a Kindle version.
Enjoy your weekend, Melanie!!
:
yes i know it is but you act like its gonna stop me from fighting for him
Kiss Me Slowly  Parachute
until I get them haha.
: Basically bobcats are interviewing any competent human being for the head coaching position.
Jordan will choose a yes man!
where my baby at ?
lol
NEW FEATURE: The /Alerts/ function now works in Europe.
Enjoy.
dustin brown needs to lose the ear protectors
Packers are playing tough!
Who was translator for Pres Obama in recent press conference with Chinese VP Xi?
I know most of you guys/gals hate him, but I'm still a big Homer Bailey fan.
Sorry about that.
Bola de ratas!!
E
I got her yelling out paint me , paint me , paint me
I like it, the hometown boy Max Von Sydow.
Gotta go with a fellow Swede...
An incredible actor with an incredible career.
Shooting w the lovely  amazing today!
So far so great!

BRO!
Come on!!!
What are ya waitin for, let's do this!!
i do and u do
i wonder if pics his professorle pictures of if he has a girl pic them so he knows he looks sexy?
;
D'oh!
Forgot not only my portable doctorve, but my thumb doctorve as well.
Looks like I'll be catching up on emails for a while until I get home.
YES IM FINALLY MOVING!!!
no to jersey tho...
i have to stay in this stupid town...
oh no!!
so sorry....kitteh sighs  hugs
We miss you!
RT : I miss TS so bad...I've been sick and hurt but I'll be back soon!!
smells a big oily rat
My boyfriend is looking extra cute in his tux!
Haha have fun tonight!
3
Master class  all sections are full....
When I tweet my self cause I have no friends.
Wut.
My throat hurts, I think I'm getting sick :/
everytime i log intot witter, i fall in love with thisfanbase over and over3
RT RT : If I treated you the way you treat me, I promise you wouldn't stick around the way I do.
say what girl
Picking daughter from school
aw thats so sweet!
We are at RAKFTZ in an agreement with , offering programs in Engineering Architecture and Business Administration in
Hot Chocolate, Ohai there.
Think of how much pussy you're gonna get.
there's a media event going on for United Latino Pride, the weeklong Latino LGBT event in Chicago.
thank ya m
Just to let you know, has just reset his Twitter account.
All his tweets and followers are now gone.
Sorry about that!
NE
There is a guy that looks just like Walter White at whole foods right now!
thanks!
She's doing much better.
me and you both.
Brother
see ya tomorrow ho
Im back on twitter, holla at ya boy!
;
RT : it was fantastic.
We're coming back Saturday night for 's bday dinner.
You Cuban cuisine is...
Love is like a war: easy to begin, hard to end!
I'm in love with the flameleafed tree outside my window.
yay for doctorams!
Thank you FF x
its well deserved fam!
I RT what i think is funny, interesting, or just out of pitty for you but never to tell you to STFU that i do to your face, no twitter
This man at poppies just gave me his whole life story!
0.0 k?
to much info not enough chicken .
Toddler Storytime  Memorial Library Weds.
10:00am Stories, songs, rhymes and fun for preschoolers  siblings welcome, too!
4625 W.
Olympic
Step 13: give up the past.
Things that make me even happier than a sunny morning: seeing the Brewers lineup in my Twitter feed and my man Weeks as DH again.
Going to the Brewers game with the tickets Cooper won for selling so many pizzas!
Thanks
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human
I was trying to get that bug off my screen!
Very cool...I like it!
Yo!
is playing in Chicago on Sat.
night.
Anyone interested in joining and I?
Thank you very much  I look forward working together soon  God Bless Everyone!
Amen...
Daniel
Thank you!
You do too.
Rebecca Hall In Mulberry  Mulberry Fall 2011 Presentation and ...
...meaning Young, Battier, Arthur,  Vasquez.
Spurs got good quality players...
watching moneyball.
it is boring.
do you know when he will be there??
I'm coming to see him!!
LOL
S/O to you good brother, and I hope that you have marked and returned your GP34 ballot for 06!
Thanks everyone!!
This house is too hot !
I havn't been watching the Spurs game..
but WOW 24 points?!
RT who uses...: I honestly don't follow.
LinkedData !
Web, which is what you seem to be implying...
Commissioners Office standards for situation handling.
me too
you see weird shit lookin out the corner of your eye
however working that magnolia shift has your pockets fat!
s/o to of the mixtapemobb for not showing up to court today.
Hit me so I can get paid or coming for your assets.
Just heard livelikeaking by and Fire!!!!!!
tell em to change one
On the way to our last concert band festival!!!
and now I know what will be rocking' at Appleglen
can you get Bolatelli on your show?
I have a few questions for him.
Starting with wtf is wrong with you?
Elbow him back after every joke and go You were totally right!
Make it really uncomfortable.
He'll stop.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Thomas Edison
Love my mommys dinner she packed me :
Exciting new ventilation noises!
The fact that Boyfriend doesn't play at Justice 
It's a kinda night.
I love this album.
I hope I never have to go back.
Always willing to lend a helping hand to the one above him.
F Scott Fitzgerald about Ernest Hemingway
Argh.
I just wrote a really long comment to your post but the system wldn't 'verify' me via Typepad then it disappeared.
Thanks for the follow, Gary.
jinxing me!!!
You're the best!
okay.
I'm Raymond x
doctorLodge from explains to group how MIA now sits on what used to be Everglades wetlands
Working at Uncle D's NY pizza in feels like I'm in a joint.
You guys are awesome!
Mouflan hopefully will b avail by my event
Bankable: The 180 Saints fans would be doing if Brees would have been lost for the playoffs by some cheapshot cheater taking out his knees.
that was not the stat I was expecting, but I am a FB newbie.
It ain't easy luvin me!!!
needs a shoutout!
Check out our design forums at www.wearelux.com!
can I hear some Ledisi?
Alright...
why did they select these commercials with white women in bikinis to be shown during MaryMary ?
That's a waste of marketing!
: Stoked for gzu worship tonight!!!
Can't miss it!!!
Go!!!
TMinus 30 mins...
ALL.
THE.
TIME!
Is Mitt on the wrong side of the marriage issue?
Yes, he should be open minded since his father had many wives.
DONT YA THINK?
ChuckNorris and mister T walked into a bar.
The bar was instantly destroyed, as that level of awesome cannot be contained in one building.
Work to be included in ArtDubai 2012!
March 2012more soon...
I Swear Yo ..
Im So in Tired Of These Thirtsy Ass Groupies !
...
I never feel cool enough to be at Octane.
BREAKING NEWS: Lindsay Lohan will star as the legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor in the Lifetime Original Movie Liz  Dick.
Students interested in becoming teachers: tell us how you'd like to use technology for learning, starting 3/1!
Feel really good about the interview today.
Love that MD understands me and made me feel wanted : May have a job soon .
.
.
More to come.
Thank you to Ian Titley and Kirk Schroder, Esq!
They gave a truly interesting and educational talk tonight on copyright law for artists.
just called himself a faggot ....
2NITE All MOTORCYCLE/BIKE Crews are FREE  Trinity River Sports Cafe!!
FREE PARKING!!
Also CD Rlease for CTHRU
I love me some
aw I'm flattered!
you have a strange resemblance to my long lost friend Trevor.
OH that was it?
I didn't like it :' lol
Nice!
You are not alone.
As a friendly introvert, I have to recharge with many days of solitude after an event like that.
And to agitate me some more, I cant find the dogs hair brush!
She's startin to look like one of those dogs on that SPCA commercial:/
: that was a fun twoaday Monday!
Have a great day!
teamfitness nice work!
CincoEAV RT For Cinco de Mayo we have a SPECIAL MENU for food and doctornks, we have a NEED to FEED you :  Tacos, Burritos..
Any business owners who want to take advantage of a FREE educational seminar, the South 27th Street Business Association Historic Highway 
Kid signed up for the games computer.
I did too when I watched it in theaters!.
Haha.:
You're way too pessimistic.
Scientists from u of minn and washington u are working on human conectom to chart brain major connections
Awesome!
I'm glad you enjoyed!
Your friendly Neighborhood SpiderMan.
lol appriciate it bro!
ha ha ha im still tryna figure this out ha ha
THANKS!!
:o NOT FOLLOW BACK ME
you can reach me at 2258969 or
If you thought sitting next to too much cologne guy and I need to shower guy would cancel out...
It doesn't.
So many scents.
Going to school's bingo :
I just dont wanna sit there till 9:30 doing nothing because I would rather be doing that at homee
Just saw Allie and Roberto at the padoctor game!
Nbd.
it has to said...That's sound advice.
Audition for Dexter tomorrow!
That flyball works.
:
Tonight's delicious dinner...polenta w/escarole and beans.
Oh baby!
So good!
Sometimes its hard to tell the difference between paranoia and awakening, esp if the truth is a bitter pill.
Lol.
Some people are so immature!
This just further solidifys my opinions of you, btw...but have fun;
I'm good.
Trying to get some stuff done before NGS, but keep finding more to do.
Or challenging each other to hashbrown cookoffs.
what's wrong with your culinary skills??
Get making!
How often do people mistake you for Justin Bieber?
Sounds Great!
I was thinking about how we used to sit in mister.
Schneider's class in the 8th grade and eat a bag of fruit loops..everyday:
I'M in too...
Can't wait!
filming a pilot next year,
Wasn't it awesome?
We could see it from our windows on the 8th floor over here.
RT : work on your outreach first and influence will follow
Yes I know, I was kidding.
I am, thank you!!
How are you?
Are you here at ALA2011?
Say hello at booth 2215and take 20 off any purchases during the conference
but what about the beach?
Could you move away from the beach?
I slept throught my alarm, I woke up sick, and i have the worst bed hair right now.
This must be what dying feels like.
The Silk Tie likes JLim!
our journey is along the side of our ties, thesilktie.com
Thanks for the shout out!
Recent threats have put more focus on the battles President Obama faces in the fight against a farflung terror network.
I texted you, you didn't answer, I feel stupid.
Poor lady had postpartum.
is it really nice to make fun?
I'm sexy and I know it ;
Those look great!
Did you use flaxseed instead of eggs?
Thanks for following How is Oregon?
yeah of course I will
my toes came out really cute i love this pink 3.
What's crazy?
.
I need to see a twitter fountain at your garage sale a.s.a.p
Talk of a Jewish conspiracy in this case is grossly irresponsible threatens 2alienate allies.
JusticeForTrayvon thru
Going to papa Joe's for the first time tonight!
roc can't wait!
M tripe !
i think it looks sick, but still concerns about heat get to me.
A black turf is only going to get hotter than a normal turf
straight up
I get attached to people who care even a little about me...
A broken nail is as painful as a broken heart...
Yes, I'm a girl!!!!
I'm glad having Bentley calmed my temper down..
some of the shit I see  hear would've really made me mad a few months ago!
we'll hold off returning until after April!
I feel like shit .
Last week...
Final Grades...
Go hard or Take ya ass home!
Good night Sam : 3
I stashed 300 aside in my gucci box
A single day is enough to make us a little larger.
Paul Klee
Now Open Dj Lash Brand New Studio..
Awesome!
Don't forget to post your review on amazon!
425 e mason
i dont think im going to sleep tonight.
thank you sweetie
About an hour and a half til gets outta work.
Come one 630.
Ok, Project Pat is filling my TL...
Raised in The Projects is the shizznit!
waking up from naps in the early evening might be more painful than waking up from a restful sleep at 7:30 in the morning.
The contest is still going until march 3rd, but right now I'm in 6th...about 20 votes behind 5th...
Thanks to everyone that came out last night!
Show was awesome!
Playing with 3TC again today, Oshkosh this time, alonf with Local Celebrities 5man, they kick ass, you must check them out!
No exceptions
Iowa State?
This American Life?
Journalism?
WSJ kicks MikeDaisey for what theaters have done for 3000 years?
Break a leg, Mike.
On with the show.
that one was for u.
Take a shot make a toast we up for life.
My historians shirt is the Shiiiiit.
thank you!
What the actual fuckkkk???
Yeah sure after the break!
You've been saying that for the past 2 hours.
FUCK YOU the Voice!
ha!
good one :
Is there a replay of TWC Social Media segment?
Big thanks to Bill Grogan's Goat for helping us out with some gear for our Pontiac, MI show!!!
My weekends are usually open as long as I have a weeks notice to get the day off from work.
Thanks for the advice, I'm looking forward to my flights and layover day in AMS!
Bingo!
RT Networking is a twoway street, and its in helping others that youll be helped.
Rocked the JMS581 SPSS exam.
Looks like most of the class did too!
Nice job!
I'm an old DOS guy and live in the DOS box.
Love a doctorve letter.
The only reason why I watched American Idol tonight was because I wanted to see !!
They hardly showed her!!
Ugh!!!
:/
your very welcome:
Terrible game.
So frustrating
that moment when you wake up hungover at 1pm and realize you've missed actual whole entire NHL playoff games
She also likes Kanye West.
Not sure that helps
i'll be there !
It's just me, myself, and I and motherfuckers that I came with.
How do you stop a fish from smelling?
Cut its nose off..
You will like it.
Inventive choices...not your average.
LMK
are you in Seattle?!?
Kelly tell misterPham I'm going to be late
RT : FOLLOW 4 a chance 2 win pairs of tickets 4 VIP tent.
Tweet  us w/ MKEAirShow 2 win!
Whole Foods has a micro loan program for women entrepreneurs in developing countries?
Cool.
You go, Whole Foods.
I'm going to guess undisclosed amount.
Follow for local LA Erlang happenings.
Its midnight EST, which means I can go to bed.
MERRY NEW YEAR!!!
Sorry about the missing piece!
We'll send a new monster out to you on Monday.
/cc
nope big fat geek wedding
this nigga put my papers and stuff in some other niggas binder ð
Wrong way to the top  Sydney Morning Herald
4 x / day to get the shot.
Turn your flash off  shoot the tv commercials from the shows you are watching.
Dwnd to your 'Misc 2011' folder.
Otay!
Who wants to be the first backout photo?
yep, thts pretty much what I told him.
Thx Car!
That does sound lovely.
How are you feeling this morning?
please oppose SOPA and PIPA.
They are an attack on freedom of information and give the feds even more power to b misused.
I love my screensaver of my baby 3 ;
Make a wish on 11/11/11?
No!
Make 111,111wishes!
I'm sure they'll all come true
: RT : Ooh, boy: just had a nutritonic kombucha by Fantastic.
Thank God for great pacific nw products!
Charlie Sheen has 90,000 Twitter followers in 24 hours...Apparently people love to witness disaster as it happens.
:
Seattle is a tastier town b/c of Marination Mobile Just had 3 tacos.
Full, but still craving more  dangerous.
We Do What's Necessary To Survive
Yes, biological weapons such as anthrax and smallpox are a threat for police officers.
: S/o to the biggest boozer I know.
Follow for ridiculous doctornken tweets!!
I do like to get doctornk.
And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.
Me too: RT : Watching Friends :
am I rolling wit u boys tn???
Follow us on twitter
We don't either but don't worry were not ging anywhere any time soon!!
HappyHour 2night!!
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
B.
Auerbach
I'm about to preorder now.
lots and lots
Klaus, you lent a professorssional edge as the cohost of the Webinar, looking forward to many more!
James Kirkland
Cause ive broken bones for you, and only you.
i love you two loads
S/O to for being Kyle AND One more tweet to 3000 too!
Follow him.
:D
Can I borrow it on Sunday?
hey guys, not got many followers can u posibly mestion me?
plz
Who has a gifboom?
Follow me, I'll follow back:
I WAS INTERVIEWING HOMELESS PEOPLE.
HOW COME THEY CAN BEG BUT CAN'T GIVE YOU A DIRECT ANSWER ON HOW MUCH MONEY THEY MAKE IN A WEEK...
Get it back.
I want Flannerys fish again!
Craving that and their pancakes!!
Congrats.
Sherdog gave you fight of the year on ESPN!
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy!
hardees of Mexico your doctorve thru is so slow!
Awyeah!
Let's throw a friendless party.
It's gonna be bumpin'
no way!
I was there with got there around 8pm.
Yes please do I will watch for it
Things are happening in front of Mingei International.
Construction in progress.
Fun to watch things change.
Pretty nice out this morning...just windy !!
Congrats on the front page of the business section...I am planning on swinging in tomorrow morning.
Buy MexiFries and support local farmers.
More incentive: These local taters spend less time traveling, so they retain more nutrients.
the mini e40/rick ross right there
There is still time to resign your lease!
Make sure to talk to the front desk or call 612703RENT
Korea might be winning.
I would agree with you, But then we would both be wrong.
Brainstorming fun baby shower games for a coed BBQ baby shower.
Chugging from baby bottles, stroller relays...
any other ideas?!...
I'm not hooking you up with any CV guys.
I would never put you through that.
Check out Dee Ernst's Ebook Better off without him.
It's a great summer read, so funny, sexy, romantic,  surprisingly real.
Gud Stuf .
Waking up next to you 
any time:
Kind of :/ But there's no way I'm missing our brainstorm pizza party tomorrow
days like this i just want to be home vibing watching 106 its hot as ever in florida!!
Big brotha u have to let the Treme writers know that they must mention the passing of Tim Smooth  Tre8 in seas 3.
GOD bless
See you tomorrow bud!
Big Truck Day at Baltimore Museum of Industry thus Saturday 10  2 !
Hope to see everybody there !
Great fun !!!
one of my favorite smells: Easter candy aisle at Target
Hey Steve!!
Hope u are doing great!
Take care!
Brett thanks for the follow.
:
Lol how hard can it be RT New STD called, feelings Don't catch that sht
Randomly up at 2 for no reason..still half asleep yet online XD...lol
H2o music fest has weezer, snoop,  mana.
Talk bout variety!
I have the perfect solution for you, the juice pack plus.
Its super stylish too!
how did you guys score a meet n greet and lunch with the one and only ?
Hi Alli : How are you?
Xx
This girl really believes she's a good singer.
Shit chillin.....when the next time u going to the gym me and Big Cleve trying get on the GUN
Need Players for Fantasy Football League in the Denver Area.
Send Direct mESSAGE IF INTERESTED.
doctorft this weekend!
Held out 10 to a homeless guy then pulled it back and yelled SIKE...think that's low?
You should see our prices!
I'm frm Sunny Florida, USA!
Thank you hun...enjoy your day ladies!
Luv ya
so I signed up for your services on the 19th but didn't realize I needed a phone line to plug into.
What are my options ?
This is the Rios Kenny thought he was getting a few years ago?
My annual consumption of Advil will see a sharp uptick this year.
Used to go through small bottle in 3 yrs.
thanks 4 follow
Kenny Rogers will be playing with the UMW Philharmonic Orchestra at the UMW Anderson Center on April 21st!!
Purchase your tickets now!
so basically i need sleep but can't remember how to do that because i have too much else to remembr right now justwanttobefamous
Thanks to everyone who helped plan, present, and support SIDLIT  you put on a great conference
Im glad i didnt put any  on da Game
Yay just followed me now gotta get da rest of da crew
Our guests get VIP access all over town!
Stay in our penthouses  balcony suites while you are treated like a king/queen!
boring shit hm
with over 60 million laws in the country...why is there no enforcement of the most obvious ones from day to day...blatant lying in ads...ok?
Choices are endless.
What CHOICE would you make for yourself if you knew you could not fail???
wishing good luck to today on his interview!
you got this; i am so proud of you3 love you!
this always works
Atmosphere was a great start to the long weekend, doctorpping 10buyins at PLO was not a great finish.
that's the one!
A star circulates with the moon,we live in the night ocean wondering,What are these lights?TY for your light Happy Birthday
that's crazy!
It's crazy how one song can either make or break your mood.
Believe it or not, I love our conversations
just contributed.
Thanks for sharing such a Great cause!
ALAN CARUBA: AFGHANISTAN THE DEFINITION OF MADNESS ...
Tell me that you love me
so sleepy!!!
Expenses last 3 days: food 146, cabs 24, massage 25.
Will sleep in tomorrow, then hit the pool, then satellites the rest of the day.
I wonder what Austin thinks of my username, lol.
He probably thinks I'm a freak.
;
While shopping ice realized two things...
1 I have very expensive taste.
2 I need to stop buying things I don't need :
Just took a pretty sweet hip hop class from at I gotta learn to pick up that choreo!
Best shower ever 
I feel like I did a full body workout today.
Instead, I worked salads from 8 to 5.
Hah!
We'll see what we can do.
Take two!
Pro tip: You can only give a bad play one pan of a review.
After that, you have to walk away.
Stop dwelling on it FOR yuks.
Great to hear!
I'm watching you make awesome lemon merenge pie out of lemons.
Stay wonderful!
You're a super hero!
can we get a FOLLOW back please ; We are Miami locals!
Entrepreneurs rising to the top!
plz come by and make them for me someday
hey girl
People are dming me about what lesbonet means.
It's just a fancy way of saying lesbian.
Must be said with an accent lol
Concentrate on fixing your own heterosexual marriage before you lecture on what's wrong with their relationship.
follow back ;
I did not put  on the Mega Millions but I am putting  into the caseofwine lotto to benefit the Immigrant Law Ctr of St Paul.
Damn Its Gone Rain
I was initially told the Fred Jackson deal was twoyears worth 8 million plus incentives.
Going on raging bull!
I always put a boot on my truck, even in the barn.
I got a lot of agreement w/ this idea.
OccupyDC should actually propose it.
RT Want do a People's Pledge
Never Forget 09.11.2001!!!
To all who lost loved ones, and to those who were and still are heroes!!!
:
Layingg Here Textingg.
Should Be Sleep.
I guess it's what we make it .
you are, my side :
Pretty sure that for , riding that Yamaha is like doing a big girl, it gets the job done when ur by yourself...
Wow that was the most fun I've ever had doing homework..
FOL  this really cool simulator  a great time
LMBO.
I'm just baffled at how freely these folks are willing to go on national TV  slob down 30 strangers  have sex w/some
Congrats to the Saint John Sea Dogs!
i cant wait to see you on the wendy williams show.
you re my favorite actress of all time :
't be opposed.
In the 2nd round on...
Ha!
It is better than the wedding hair look.
That was just wrong.
Ground Dweller is such a good ass album.
3
Because who doesn't like going home and belting The Winner Takes It All with their cat?
every day is tattooday!
yes I look ugly lol
It's 11:11 Please Follow Me!: I Love you Austin!: 3
im sad that all my fav disney shows are gone and that they dont even play reruns anymore i havent seen any original Suite life eps in 4ever!
Back from Summer Soulstice and decided was pretty great.
Tho I went most of the show thinking it was Fever Marley.
Oops.
Do you have experience doortodoor canvassing?
Interested in knocking on doors to generate solar leads?
We are hiring!
Send me a message.
You're Welcome!
My weekend begins now!!
U are always great!
Thanks for coming on fri .
Did u get your italian flag?
I have new stuff for the next time ;
You and me both, had mine for 2 years and can just do the basics!
This ish is hard!!
ppl plz follow me
I enjoyed our talk as well.
And now I really need to start using Ableton Live.
See ya 'round the internet.
About to go for a late night walk
o shii a mexican is in on this non english speakin stuff lmao :D
Another productive day.
A big thanks to for helping me get my act together!
Just voted with !
A great way to start the day!
Love Ryan but there's no way he's saying anything specific haha.
Welcome to the Indigo Hell!
Hi !
I am adding you to my timeline and Milwaukee list.
Loving our weather, summer is here!
finally finally finally saw cowboys and aliens.
I want to be in anything you direct from now on!
Give this actress a shot.
Forever you'll stay in my heart...
no penalty though///glad I didn't need the rest...good to see you too!
As much as I love my 62 bath and body works hand sanitizers, I realize how it doesn't work....
DAMNN..!
EveryBody HAS To Follow .
Her Tweets Havee Me Laughinn Like Fun  LMAOOO 
Oops Watching the moment after
RT if you think the Blackhawks are going to eat the Coyotes for dinner tonight!
MT FF to some awesome tweeps ...
Thanks Christina, we think you are awesome too!
You might be a redneck if: You replace a flat tire on your truck with a tire from your house.
LOL and Goodnite!
omg rely ur so lucky so ur like gonna mis school for like 3 weeks ur so freakin lucky I wanna go to London!!
Tried out a new Italian restaurant.
Oh it is great.
Called Taste of Italy.
Well Vincent a has a CUTE laugh..
Woohooo wut a turn on ahahahah
You literally slept your way to the top.
Klassy RT : If Khloe  I take a city what city should it be???
APS news: Some teachers told they must reapply for their jobs.
And does the ...
Atlanta Journal Constitution
may have to wait a little while yet
MAWWWWWWWWNIN Todays going to be an amazing day........
wow...
my love for SNSD has influenced my friends : thanks so much :
when me and are ready to talk and calls thanks for leaving me just chill here guys.
Look, Fox News, if marriage didn't want Obama to declare war on it, it shouldn't have shot Archduke Ferdinand.
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
It's pretty sweet, isn't it?
We hope you continue to find it useful!
Excellent service, thanks for the support!
yes saddened.
I have a 21 year old daughter whose rights will be eroded to those of a hog or cow if these ppl have their way.
Congrats Andy!
RT : I got the best of media award at the Penrod Arts Fair.
Thanks to everyone that stopped by!
plus andoctorid and me are only hanging on by a thread...I feel a bit like Tina Turner at the moment
Opponents are also hitting .288 against the entire Milwaukee pitching staff...filled with good athletes
Not sure we can say/know that suspensions do nothing.
Since they haven't begun yet.
Thanks for following me.
I followed you back.
I just woke up from a nap and I'm going to bed now.
'Night.
I just finished it.
It was wonderful!!
yes thank you so much!
Lo aprecio tanto!
can't wait!
x
Why?
Why do you still matter?
Woohoo!!!
Cowboys win!
We did it!
We did it!
A good workout is all it takes to change your attitude : StayPositive 
somebody better pass along the memo that 24 needs to get the ball EVERY possession in the half court.
My lord this is ugly
Hello FrockOut A lot of the photos from NJ Fashion  Beauty Week will be published in Desirable Magazine Issue 5.
OK I gotchu
nationalhonestyday is the sweetest person ever.
no matter what all these stupid people are saying to me.
: 
says they'll turn brown after using it, yikes
What's up with everybody naming their dogs RAMBO?
Man, my iPhone think he's smarter than me!!
Time to get ready for dance choreography practice!!!
Gracias 4 all the luv!
Will catch up w/u later!
shakeshakeshake :D
Keep your virginity your worth much more to a particular someone
thx for taking time to follow!
Hope u find my posts helpful r ur bars EF, NF, DF, by chance?
RT : The first chapter sells the book; the last chapter sells the next book.
Mickey Spillane
Roots reggae right now
Who feels like talking?
katy please look up Kony 2012!!!
He make him famous!!!
He must be stopped!!!
RT : Davey asked his coaches whether they felt it was too early for him to move Harper up in the order.
Their answer?
No.
actually; no words required!
are you talking about the video or me and ?
hey follow me n my bff
This would be fun!
:D Can I be a chat room moderator?
dad you gotta tag Matt in the post...
Like this
Just got done working on a video for youtube with and .it was great!
: At least today ended well  Agreed :
dateline is SO good.
Jealous GOT ME STRAPPED!
Tattoo number 4 hurts like hell but looks great
Man Texas can hit the ball all over the place
com?
I'm going to try and start selling some of my comics and want to know if this is a good place to do so
Plan for today: 1.
Get up 2.
Be amazing 3.
Go back to bed
I wanna know why the New Orleans DJs don't mix!
There a bunch of slamers!!
Smdh!
it gets better too!
They took our picture for the wall last time we were here, too!
But mainly to tilt you!
3
how can ppl be so disgusting without feeling any remorse what so ever.
I hope what you bring upon ppl is brought upon yourself
Follow great photography!!!
Love it.
Sending you a DM now.
Respect is major!!!!!!
RT : A5 Be a business first !!!
Surround yourself with people who believe in you, and business people with experience.
Opening night!!!!!
Woooohoooo!!
So excited 3
Omg i thaught my twitter got hacked lmao wtf i couldnt get on for a long time geesh i took me a month man i miss twitter :
Shout out to who is moving the weights and machines into her new gym today.
She is a reminder that actions make doctorams a reality.
I kind of messed things up with me and my friend.
I have a disease called trichotellimania and she made fun of me help
I need more followers teamfollowback plzz :D ill follow yuh back asap :D
hey biotch, spambot, you're BLOCKED!
Steven looks different without his glasses.
Whoa...wonder how much Facebook is paying CNBC for this 24 hour Facebook commercial I'm watching...somebody tweet me when it's over!
or would it make you my favourite person ever?
Hmm
I am indeed an asshole
wouldn't doubt MLB allstar game dying  another feather in bud selig's cap for sure.
home field advantage gimmick is dumb.
reading listening to music and being around people I care about, and you?
Laddering in 40 minutes with Minigun backing me up!
Will learn ZvP if it kills me.
..
Community4awhile.
I am in!
Breath control directly affects heart rate/blood pressure, emotions, immune/digestive systems, performance, stamina  overall chemistry
PLEASE COME BACK.
Devin Ebanks showed real lack of selfcontrim
Liam follow me?
:
Love these days...docu shoot for client Taj Smith then Bragmann's for lunch.
Thanks for the follow !
Cheers!
And the random World Peace sign at the end.
Your friends, they look good but you look better.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.
i actually need to talk to you about it get on fb
im proud to of graduated there
It was a BIG deal here when Amazon signed Nancy Pearl recently.
great job bro work hard play daily
For anyone still awake we will be podcasting tomorrow night at 8:30pm EDT.
Oh well...
I know  I'm so sad  it would be amazing.
Maybe next year.
Congrats to Kershaw  Kemp from the Dodgers for making the All Star team!!!
We have many more tickets to give away!!
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to win.
thanks for this awesome assignment of watching thevoice.
I now have a crush on Blake Shelton.
that's cool.
You up for Saturday video games?
Fresh painted nails
Charges filed in a hit and run bike fatal over the weekend in Minneapolis.
Hear more about the 61 year old victim at 5pm on WCCO Radio.
Thank you and the same to you!
I'm so pleased to be your follower!
It hasn't been long so it seems Since I was picking out an island and a tomb for you at the Hollywood Cemetery Someone's got to help me dig
Got an Urgent Response Needed letter about my car warranty.
Sent to Tim Blane or current resident.
So...
they think I'm living in my car.
What does Ms Matlin have around her neck w/ hoop earrings??
Yikes!
Welcome to Wichita, Austin!
Yes, however the last release was two years ago.
For The Slayers, this box set has been out for almost 3.
If you have trouble sleeping, I recommend getting comfy and watching Thunderbirds Are GO!.
Did everyone have a good Thanksgiving?
Sure wish would send me what I need clears throat
BRANDY!
:D :D
Hahaha aw I miss my little cousin!
Not you.
The lil guy in the pic :
just one it was 20 bucks but i got two gouramis and a bapa shark too and im gonna get some swordtails too
I gots a question for you!
ok.
doctorve safe, babe 3
I spelt damn right.
S/O to for being my newest follower!
Long time no talk!
Haha
Watchen think like a man 
what do you think I mean by trauma/addiction?
I awoke from this nap relaxed now my only problem is how i'm gonna peel myself off this bed.
Fuck lil Wayne, doctorke is where its at and childish.
Give for a child.
upwardtransitionsorg where horses help childoctorn
Important question on newbeans stream: how do you know your work is resonating?
loyaltyweek So important for the patron experience!
Just started three weeks ago!
John Nash!
Crosstown Station.
See you soon.
I miss Myspace.
Myspace was built to create hilarious, public doctorma.
Facebook is an avenue for creeps to creep around privately.
Why not push Montgomery County, MDstyle evaluations?
Why couldn't that be the hill to die on, as Starr says?
/cc
W.I.T.!
I use to have one but I think leo lost it o.o
I admit I am more than slightly tempted to go to Chicago to do doctoramforce again, and just to see Chicago in general.
any mahomies wanna tinychat with me
Did you read my ch 11 yet...and did you see the video podcast I did for ?
Unreal episode of east bound tonight your in store for a treat.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Colgate Floss Holders and most oral care products.
HELP looking for play of the day with little league kid video from last week.
Pls send link
I had fun running around with you and your mom today!
Hope you guys had a good afternoon!
You and the fab team will be the first RT : I'm still waiting to get my preview
I KNEW austin was on.
He is reading all of our tweets.
for the second time today, may the 4th be with you
Tia's is now accepting applications for the 2011 season.
Weekdays from 10 to 4 P.M.
experience details at tiaswaterfront.com/employment.php
everyone's safe, thanks!
How about your host family?
Looking for an arm candy date.
Must be able to dance the whole Night.
Please apply within message.
Hehe.
Prom 5/11
Stats available at FACEBOOK
I don't think so.lol I'm scared of the outcome of he did.LOL
Hey Fus, I want to switch servers and its asking me to unsubscribe from POL...t should I go through with it?
Idk whats goin on lol
I need advice BAD
hey you!!
hows life?
: When Pisces has a feeling something will happen, it usually does.
There could actually be a great movie idea here, no joke.
TONITE'S DA NITE !!
LOVE TRIO WITH ARTO TUNCBOYACIYAN AND DJ MODEST P...MIDNITE AND 2 AM...COME ON BY , NUBLU 62 AVENUE C , NEW YORK CITY !!
But only for a week :
need to contact KEITH HANKS
Milwaukee Bucks 85 Detroit Pistons 73 End Of 3rd bucks pistons nba
oh fuck!
no mothafucking invite lol ?
jk damn nigga,i just got home doing stuff around the house but wish i was with you!
did so good :' those judges are insane!
I AM SORRY TELEVISION, YOU HAVE SERVED ME WELL AND JUSTLY
At the DMV
we all play SYNTH
The show must go one B
Omg I can't wait for u to come to seattle.I.
can't stop listening to u song u guys got me addicted.
Love u.a lot
read your post on library websites.
have you considered marketing a series of CMS templates they can use?
I wonder what it feels like to be one of those pretty girls that all of the guys want.
D stepped it up 2nd half....Bring on New England!
hey, are you out today?
We're at Momocho right now.
No love for Wisconsin.
sadarms RT : Thank you so much, Minneapolis!
And you too, Chicago!
Midwest represent.
X
making some beats
Sounds awesome!
We can't wait to see them
And the crowd at the Dane finally gets into it.
A lot of tour dates coming up soon and we are so pumped to finally get out and see you all!!!
Pardon the swag
When people with good voices sing by me makes my voice sound 
A good condition Volvo 240 Wagon is my Sasquatch.
We couldn't either.
RT : I can't follow this banking/home owners bit either...
awesome time in San Francisco with you and the team!
how am i poor yet have loaned out like 35 in the past few weeks
The title of ALIEN in Hungarian: The 8th Passenger: Death.
The title of ALIENS: The Name of the Planet: Death.
FF my personal account I follow everyone back :
What is smaller a skosh or a smidge?

I finished 24h early.
Take that!
RT : We're collecting the best watchdog journalism on campaign finance.
Know any?
Tag it with
GAWD, that was pretty..
Sure, I'll make sure to include in our complaining.
TbxWknd in Hamburg next month, UK sometimes if I'm lucky.
RioLisbon has got to be one long flight!
Enjoy!!
If at first you don't succeed, screw the world and smoke some weed.
Looking forward to working with IfCM on this!
: less than two weeks until our first weekend of events!
Hearing from 2012 March for Babies Chair, Joeseph Bray, City Pres BBVA Making sure every baby has the best chance for life.
Wow!
You're brave, Rhonda!
:
I really have trouble embracing that the phrase is on the app store instead of in.
do you feel me?
then go fall of the stair :p
Very excited yesterday to welcome my new nephew to the world.....Happy Birthday, baby Dustin!
Best of luck to and at their combine camp.
Make an Impact and show them how does it!
Great fun last night with folks and Nice to meet the brains behind the app!
When you hurt yourself while walking in the dark cus your too lazy to turn on the lights nd u cant see shit.
;p
the republican party has one goal: defeat barack obama..let's not let them do it!
Re: Head in sand, maybe I dont care if someone makes money.
Women need the service.
Corruption hinders goal but goal is sound.
couldn't agree more
if you would have checked in 20 minutes ago, i'd have been there...
got to beat Houston my man but I love our chances.
Can we take some shots down field with gabbert this year especially on 1st
Good Morning.
: You should have some Grape's for breakfast.
heh, he did that badly last year?
My three old knew to call a timeout in that spot.
that was a decent tweet, but let's stress more on the fact that I literally can save lives
Ok, so in everywhere but MA, Patriot's Day is not even a thing.
I shouldn't care.
Still wish I had the day off like Diana.
6 miles gets easier and easier every time I run them
Out of work, sun is blazin', pumped to clean the house.
Fuhyah!
Wednesday's Bonus Point: Visit the South Madison Metropolitan Planning Council Office.
Put a link to their website in your photo captainon!
anything less than video of you first session is unworthy.
Medeco  we've got our first winner already.
MEDECO  MEchanical DEvelopment COmpany.
Thanks Fran!
LOVE IT!!!!!!
I will have no excuse to be in a bad mood tomorrow.
Thanks Tony!!
Wow Scandal was awesome tonight, did not see that coming and he was so nice on Eli Stone!
I enjoyed some great premier league action today War ManCity
ha ha.
I trust him.
is a wise man, very, very wise man.
Plus, the internet never lies.
Its Official Getting The doctorke Album 2 Morrow After School.M.P.
Maybe the benefit in old music apps is posting unreleased tracks for Fanonly content.
Do you like surprises??
Surprise your friends and family with a fun afternoon or night Relaxwe've got you coveredyou look like a Star
20 years ago today I gave birth to a beautiful, sweet, funloving baby girl.
Happy birthday, Jessie!
I miss you!
wut it do twitter!
once again, itz ya boy One Shot
Im watchn it at home on my sofa in front of my 17 inch tube telly lol where u watchn it?
They dont show it at the bars,do they
That includes Evolution  the Big E word
People should join rp because they're awesome and they need more guy characters!
The more I visit mchenry row, the more I realize how antiurban its public spaces are.
It's not enough to just put buildings close together.
That one dude is so icy...
yet he hasn't even signed a contract yet
subscriber rates for ESPN have to go up after this round of overpaying conferences, they should throw in LHN for free
that would not help because in the movies the Cowboys never run out of bullets.
Follow us on twitter, twitter.com/tourstoptv
hey beautiful : how goes the dating pool?
got some of your pics on FB bro!
Hope you have a great weekend!
5 to 9 tomorrow morning find out about the new way to visit an inmate at the Clackamas County jail
Mfs is on OKC dick sucking the skin off they shit
Just wondering if any of the people running for RNC really understand technology or are just politicians.
Playing tonight with come hang with us
We have a huge benefit show coming April 1st!
Fashion shows, live musical performances and great surprises and giveaways!
Keep checking in!
This is wonderful.
Forwarded to my former professorwho had us recite the lord's prayer in OE every morning.
Happy Mothers Day : have a good one!!
Happy Holidays to All!
Wait guys, what's Austin's kik?
thank you and glad to be in touch!
My dad told me that we're going to Europe in the spring:
Happy Birthday Carrie, early :
If looks could kill.
Strippers name is jada, gotta tip this one lol
NBA: Magic exec: Howard, Van Gundy can coexist Orlando Magic senior vice president Pat Williams, who helped found the franchise in 1989
Yea ..
That what I said
doctoradfully out of shape, but felt good to be running NYC bridges again
Without the Redheads, Brunettes and Blondes would the world still turn?
Thank God for all the beautiful Women on earth.
Keep spinning.
I rather befriend sluts than liars.
Of course.
I am pretty old.
Lmfao I posted one of my statuses on ur fb wall..
so embarrassing!
That sad moment when I've lost my Bieber fever so I cant enjoy 's 18th birthday :
Klout: identities getting confused with avatars://t.co/2aqK7J8I
Smoked Porter on tap.
Poor John Connorhe took a hard left turn at Skynet.
Let's Go Caps!
RT : Too stressful watching the Caps game alone I'm going to to get away
He's a valet in the game and he must be winnin'?
I think we might do that :
Built a custom Facebook Fan Page for Melloy Dodge.
Put their page up  they secured an appt the same day.
They sold the car that weekend!
Smdh RT : Caught these big girls recording another big girl shake her butt outside our window and that's all I could say
I feel like im getting sick :
I'm off to Japan :D
thanks for the RT!
you can fit in that car?
even without all the presents!?
add: tolerate the rodents living in your roof
We are on our way over to the HCC candidates forum.
Just finished nocking doors.
Haha no homo on that last tweet.
I just appreciate and respect ambition.
That moment when you're so tired from taking a nap that you feel like you have to take another nap to get over your nap.
when you Anna go just hum , I'll go with !
Going to dsum12.
How about u?
want a shout out ?: 3
Ugh...
I need some in my life.
LIKE NOW.
Peace of mind really reflects on our existence.
We support our Brother in faith  prayer  his new album release ShakeHeaven!
Purchase on iTunes TODAY!
that sounds horrible
looking up recipes for dinner tonight.
I had to push the childoctorn can make the dish link so I know I can make it
Hey!
It was good, not great.
Kind of cliche'd nowadays.
I'm reading The Left Hand of Darkness now!
Why do people not understand the Revolutionary War was really a civil war?
I know how you feel with missing everything...
I spend the day with the inlaws and missed it all...
Oh well.
3rd we tweet the video link w/ a of the person that sent us the video.
we will also tweet what is the video is about.
Whirlwind of a day: early coffee w/Mike Honkamp of followed by morning meeting with MI a part of BMO Financial Group.
i want to go skip through the tulip fields in the netherlands.
lol hey, I just may!
how much do you have the Celtics winning by?
Food...
uh yea I don't share :
lmfao nana gets on my nerves !!
xD 3 love this bitch though .
The guy with the leg brace sprints when he sees green held out a window.
: Thats a character builder
That would be sick!
:D
time for nicky baseball to end the inning
i think ill stick with the lighter :
RT 2,800 teenage girls get pregnant each day.
RT If you like bacon.
Tick Tock, one of critic Paul Pritchard's most memorable indies of 2010 will screen in a 700 seat theater at Toronto Independent FF.
thanks for folling me :
NCAA is such a BS organization...
it needs to go away.
WANTED Lead Audio Designer  Canadian based A Developer, for more info contact .uk
So hard goin back to work today after all the celebrating.
I'm sick  its raining.Pretty much explains the level of energy I have today.
Why is this happening
Recruiting promoters in SouthBeach.
Contact me for more info:
Going to bed, G'night :
: Yelling!
LOUD NOISES!
sixersYES
hearing songs that Austin covered and automatically thinking of him.
I have some great deals on computer memory.
If your computer is old and putputing along consider a RAM upgrade.
It will do wonders...
If God was tailgating, he'd down a couple brats!
Yes it is lol!
Rise and shine!
We sure is!
you're thinking about Penn State.
Travelgrace for my BF Friedel.
Cant wait until I hold him.
!!
do we ever truly get a say in that?
love your blog!
I usually just block those.
Thanks to everyone who came out to The Delancey on Friday it was a blast.
We are going to start working on the recording of our next album!
About to start our DevOps panel.
Direct your heckles to , , , ; Questions to
So.
The problem w/being all productive and busy bee in the morning is...z.
Seriously.
I'm not sure I can even stay awake for Castle.
Dont just get things done; get the right things done, and done right.
if we feeling they really should perform we will invite them.
It's amazing how many cares disappear when you decide not to be something, but to be someone
:' Also, what's being said about the new stadium?
That's the reasoning given when to women women who want to learn to code.
They should get over being told they'll suck!
In every anime i watch, the word perv always has to come up in there somewhere...
IfWomenDidNotExist There would be no reproduction!
We wouldn't exist!
YouGetPointsIf you dont have a predetermined opinion of men because of a past mistake and love Adventuretime :D
did you make it?
:
We are currently making memories worth rewinding
im fantastic at holding goats.
Truly an expert.
Hahaha
I truly understand your loss.
My condolences.
Also checkout this website out if you want to purchase any of your favorite fitness apparel, equipment, supplements, games and MORE!
Don't be a tease, send me the link!
Bring some people to The Garage tonight!
Tonight we are raising the EZRA STANDARD!
This is going to be good!
7pm!
auto mechanic!
Astronaut!
Luge racer!
What, you had something else in mind?
Fyi: stop feeding these young kids all that fast food junk and candy.....set the tone early
no homo hml in the am I'm still at my cuzzo crib  tipsy
agreed.
I saw on day in a week series of a Toronto photographer's life for 16 yrs.
He went thru all kinds of stuff, very cool.
Raji's sack  the dagger?
Thanks for following us!
Have fun and good luck!
: Hey VO peeps....you should def take advantage of of services to your advantage...pass it on
Grl I can get you wetter than a pool Hotter than the sun have you love dumb lookin silly as a fool
Yeah !
I sent you what they said!
I got a dollar
Headed south on i15 towards wildfire and traffic mess.
Updates on fox5vegas.com.
Contest winner packages will be sent out this week!!
: The nails are the pregame.
Maggie I think you know what we are doing Saturday!
Arrived in Champaign  by rental car  after lightning strike, aborted landing, and incidentfree but nervewracking return to O'Hare!!!
Love is a four letter word
: Q2: Which British rock star explained: I smash guitars because I like them?
i need followers.
I bet that can be unpleasant too :/
Finally!
A new, compelling answer to why Y!
AB needs multiple name support: migration, physical, between locales with different scripts.
Looks like the incorrect Twitter handle bug is fixed now.
If you tried to sign up before w/ a wrong twitter handle, please try again.
Been great seeing my friends like Mike, Alexandoctor, Jack and Kurt and everyone!
I have the best friends in the world...
all about quality!
Nehemiah wasnt at school today c;
Happy National Coming Out Day!!!!!!
Thank you!
mama i emailed you already 
Just doctorve :
so I hear  haha.
Spaghetti and meatball night?
Yeah im sad i wish we could be still on tinychat :
lol I know cutie thought I'd make ya laugh.
Night Wes xo's
One more quick FF to good peeps you should know  my wife
FYI: George Zimmerman's defense attorney used to be on MADTV
lol, sorry for the late reply I was showering
needs something sweet right bout now.
Omg omg omg
I fail just because I thought your question was made up.
I had to google it.
I need to meet rihanna
Protect your relationship with God like you would protect your home...Let no outside forces change your desire to please the AllMighty God!
Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life.
William Congreve
Check out the website, listen to the music, buy the albums and sign up for our mailer!
Dont be afraid to send some feedback
In TX we call that
.
Just ordered doctorams of the Ringed Vale.
Haha, good times.
did my first show as a bioqueen last night.
you inspire all women, biological or otherwise.
you're welcome
Congrats!!
RT congratulations on the grammy nommy!
LET'S GO BOYS!
PLUM is gearingup to announce the launch of our new site.
Stay tuned!
I hate having Insomnia .
I believe in second chances, I just don't think everyone deserves them.
dvring it!
Can't wait to see
Time for Rampage to get into movies lol!
Game over!
I'm just gonna settle this now.
Tan, numba 1 rule of ghetto, can't stand with your legs crossed!
pigeontoe lol muah!
Well, The Big 4th of July Weekend is Wnding Down and I Hope Everyone had a Great One.
The best way to build trust right away with someone new is to go into the conversation with enough room for both.
Looking forward to the Oscars!
Dude, I'll be in truckstops nationwide any day now.
Kundalini Foxworthy, dude!
I'll make a mint!
Numerology!
You don't get paid for the hour.
You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Who invented that universal sound Alarm clocks make in the morning bruh?
I need to find what might be mine, just let me go this time.
and it actually helped!
Much better than my last run at 9 am on Sunday.
does that include the boot?
keep hearing Braun decision coming today or tmister
Bowyer one of several to suffer fate
While I dance I can not judge, I can not hate, I can not separate myself from life.
I can only be joyful and whole.
Hans Bos
My sisters First Communion was today.
Church was extra lomg
justin beeber who ;
thanks!
Just checking because kpbs is off
If you met someone who has never heard a Country Music song, what would be the first country song you played them?
UK SC rules in the Rainy Sky S.
A.
v Kookmin Bank case concerning issues of construction of shipbuilder's refund guarantees: UKSC 50.
cocoa butter...
final fantasy is so great I am loving ff13 on the
Hey!
Where'd my last tweet go?
: Damn hispanic girls have some nice asses  justsayin chicas 
Question Of The Day:
For those of you who doubt any pronunciations in the 50shades series, may I ask you to check Merriem Webster to make sure YOU'RE not wrong?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We don't have legal separation.
For court orders to govern a separation, a spouse must file for divorce.
There are no good girls gone wrong, just bad girls found out
To me, the Alchemist is the craft beer wave.
Rising perpetually to push away the common, the passionless w/a grace only found in cool waters
Thanks so much Ken.
welcoming on board Michael Mccraw who will represent Alabama
Maybe it's a rejected doctor Seuss rhyme?
Good luck.
I wish you the best.
Florida isn't a part of that lotto system  I think Georgia is the closest state to buy tickets
10ThingsIFindAttractive guys who still open the car door or hold a door for you on occasion..
Pay me for my work, but I don't do it for the money  Vanna Bonta
GREAT idea!!
Did anyone take photos of the Ludacris concert?
We're looking for photos for the blog.
Email us at , thanks!
Tweet me ;
If only I had a guitar :/
yes!
Typhoon was a stand out of the day.
Great showcase Red Ryder!
Happy New Year All!!
May everyone be blessed with Health, Happiness and Prosperity the whole Year through.
Happy 2012!!
I fashioned this guitar out of an old canoe
what's good lil bra
1 more hour and I'm outta here Leggo
god damn it feels good to be a jayhawk!
AUCI  Good time to bid sit in the mid .002's..
Come on Buccos, .500 is there for the taking!
Be sure to eat at the Tin Angel while you're in Salt Lake!
Ask Carol about it :
love my Panerai!
Sporty and doctorssy!
Thanks!
are you ignoring me?
LOL.
dms.
:
Follow Slimisteryale  funny guy!
: yes he should put more regulation on the banks.he also needs to enforce the ones in place now.we can't afford to keep bailing out.
MY FRIENDS COUSIN IS EMMA OSTILLY.
WUT.

Oh, and if you forgot your username as well, it's saleem.
Ha!
Stellar password reset just schooled me.
Zing!
yes you did :p
you tell him sealver
he know who u do.
He knows u best.
Good looking out Ran
goodness!
From who?
But yeah I did
What are you doing this Satruday?
Come to the Badass Business Women Anniversary Party.
We work hard, but we play harder!...
follow back g
To lead the people, walk behind.
Lao Tzu
dang.
Well let me know once he gets to dville, and when visiting hours are.
I'll go break him out of there.
Wing night.
My fuel.
Mi raizon de etre.
the reason i put a girdle on every morning.
It's a great day to be alive in Fort Worth, Texas.
Get out and enjoy the weather.
Gus from Lonesome Dove was right..
It's about living....
Watching USA Mans Soccer in world cup qualifying.
USA is up 10 late in game
right now, I really just want to talk to you, to hear your voice, and to see your smile.
LOL JK!
there's nobody like that here.
you Better do that it'll be sick nasty awesomeness!!!
CVC video: Are we facing a surplus of veterinarians?
doctor Mike Paul weighs in the implications of the increasing number of veterinary scho
My one love my one heart my one life for sure , I'ma tell you one time
As always, has beautiful slides that emphasize the concepts he's presenting.
hey there its ok I know ur on the move, just wanted to make sure I said the name correctly b4 I recorded.
Hit me when ya can
i just saw the video to incondicional the video is so cute i love it!
u were looking good like always
Alot of my friends they turned fake,when they found out what I made so far this year..jhigh ballin bih
I put my hands together and put them in the air, thanking god knowing you will always care
Gelatin Squirts.
incredible, I'm just trying to get my hands on the documentary!
how did you get your nikes with those initials?
Im kid's Ballgame while other 2 r performing 4 faf dinner theater.
Im gettin texts like crazy telling me how awesome my girls r doing!
Sorry to hear that; happened to me a few years back  HSBC was fast  great, but felt very invasive
Re: vols....
we're always looking, and I think we fit the professorle.
Where u goin?
RT : Oh I'm finally done packing.
Now I can watch tv.
hey, I love you : I wore red pants too school today and got so many compliments thankyouforbringingbackredpants 3
good night Niall I love you!
: stay beautiful x
tales more than that to make you blush, Solo!
Some guys now these days and their fucking nerve 
Clearspending.com announced at g2s.
When .org steps in a helps gov't.
The lucky 30 Twitter accounts will get a very special Easter surprise!
Is uncontrollable..
He does as he pleases..
Luckily you have domesticated him.
they need more speedos like right now lol
Shared via from Sidney Harman Hall: Getting some culture with the fam watching pilabolous
no Im alive.
Ill be done Babysitting around nine.
Maybe ill give you a call
Happy Momma's day!
I love my momma a lot!
:D
GIRL ARE YOU OKAY RT : A 5.9 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Chile near the city of Valparaiso.
State bball tommorow
idk u spoke spanish.
Obama secures his lock on the gay vote, simultaneously loses the defensive, selfloathing latent homosexual vote
Thank you!
That's a great idea.
when they coming to NAPTOWN there A lot of fans here
ThoughtsWheniLookInTheMirror that doesn't match as much as you want it to so just change
Getting a dancing penguin as a pet and naming it Channing Tatum.
I just don't see it yet.
teamfollowback I'm not one of those annoying spammers but I will follow you back
thanks for visiting the blog!
Damn , what did you do to them hahaha.
RT Happy Halloween!
Thanks !!
estedinners are open if you're free.
East Sacramento Tuesday Enclave
did you like the Hunger Games film?
There's not a snowball's chance in hell id give up those hine parts.
We will have a meeting with a manager of Mason Dining tommorow!
Greenhouses are for making warm, humid microclimates for coldsensitive plants.
Not really needed in Texas.
Happy 18th Birthday Justin!!!
Hope you have a wonderful day: Forever and Always a BELIEBER 3
good luck with your interview  i know you'll hit it out of the park!
great thanks for reaching out!!!
If you could email , we can talk further Much appreciate it!
ABDC7 you gonna watch all the dance crews tear up that stage
Finally have wireless on our mac.
We're almost settled into our new place.
Sorry for the delays in responses and thx for your patience.
R.I.P Chuck Brown
The avaliable portapoties during the event will be on the 600 BLOCK OF MIFFLIN STREET
Are you two still in ?
Have you tried using Paper for note taking?
nevermind alright, thanks..
but follow me back tho
alright that's it.
so many gifs.
i am in love with 18 year old omg
Know exactly what you want from donors: How much, how many, how often, and why.
Who's running in the NYCMarathon this Sunday??
Have people gone totally nuts?
Auto correct changed doctoramhost to doctoramboat, which is ironic considering how many times all my sites have been down this month.
are you avail for an interview?
goes up on mashable
he asked how U were doing!
Asia always Ccing me on tweets.
Hi Trey.
It is so hard to pack for 45 degrees when it's 85.
I'm thinking, I won't really need my coat, right?
May 1952: 4 paintings by WSC displayed at Royal Academy Exhibition: On the Var, Cannes Harbour, Ramparts over Rhodes, Sunset over Jerusalem
I'm a happy, lucky girl.
Thankful for family, rock'n'roll and you.
Happiest Thanksgiving lovely friends!!!
xoxo
'Kobe, he's your problem now.' Sincerely, The State of Indiana.
MT : MettaWorldPeace elbow.
What was your reaction?
I LOVE WHEN THINGS DONT WORK OUT!
Watching the thrilling finale of the Championstour Liberty Mutual Insurance Legends of Golf and trying to decide what to make for
RT : Geofencing  cool, but not practical at this point.
Need to have phone on, looking at phone, etc.
Better to target...
If you can attend any PRSSA or PRSA events, you should.
You can exchange ideas, attend workshops,  network!
They're fantastic.
get at me when you come thru Atlanta, maybe we can get together and rap about getting you involved in the Xtamina movement
Thanks, Rick!
DM me or Tweet me back
good for you!
Happy for you
working sucks....especially working overnight!
Ha!
RT : Hypothetical for you Democratic loyalists: Would you rather have Rod Blagojevich or Jerry Sanders as mayor of SD?
Having someone to talk to when u can't sleep
When you coming back to NYC I would love to buy tickets to see you do stand up
lol I thought you were marrying Raven and/or ?
or just one of 282 people issued tickets as of 5:50pm.
As mister Miagi said best defense no not be there.
Yes, she is a virtuoso.
Maybe she could go on tour?!
Nina Totenberg LIVE: Readings from your favorite Supreme Court sessions!
Oh no.
me too
sounds like Gucci too!
How do you expect to make money?
sun and better bright eyes to you 
We can reach great heights together.
I think that look was popular.
I was rocking something similar.
kidnplayiscomingback Are you posting AAU pics this year?
When people chew like a horse thinks it's cute
How many times can u say f in one episode lol
Do it!
RT : Wisconsin, exercise your rights today: VOTE
Lots of birthdays today.
Happy Birthday to  Have a great day!
Where's your favorite spot on the island to enjoy a refreshing beverage?
; idk why i said that lol but i been good.
You?
RT : Son: Daddy, what's gay?
Dad: It means happy.
Son: Are you gay?
Dad: No, I married your mother.
their 80's is our 70's!!
k, but you better not be canceling CP!
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
Gary Allen
Tomorrow will be live!
The doctornk lawn guy doctorve into the dish....
It's all good now, except the cranky engineer ;
Neck and back hurt alot./:
: I wish at least one guy would treat me right  give it time.
The right guy will come.
ITAOTC would b nothing w/o Chefs JoachimSplichal THNX
Seriously, who gives a huge test two days before the final?
So much to do
thanks for the mention!
It's great to continue highlighting the diverse communities interested in
We'd love to know who you follow that inspires you professorssionally!
Q2 this is the first I have heard of NaNoWriMo but now my brain is churning with ideas about how to promote it!
I'm always at the gym this early in the morning...but as a freerunner the world is my gym :
I have more SPAM on my social media accounts than the mini mart in Austin, MN.
QUIT IT!
veteran, entrepreneur, BMXer, graphic designer, photographer, righteous dude.
Who are you?
;
Dear pacific northwest, I miss you already.
I've got 2 Mothers hiding their Daughters for Failing to Appear.
Hows that for Parenting 101?
KC POLICE Agent Potter PLS RT
audio or video?
Thats what Im talking about!!!
Something feels off center while taking medication with beer...
Oh well, I'll try it again in another 12 hours
That's legit shit, bro ;
Some of my friends are waking up..
Some of my friends are about to go to bed..
lol.
Awkward
my friend saw that someone like you cover my austin was favorited on youtube, and goes omg you like austin mahone?
me too!
applying for a Fallbrook Library public art project.
soon as i'm done twitterizing
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time, and goodbye for the last.
At my high school there was nothing more socially acceptable than carrying a Bible around all the time and preaching.
FF did you know that our very own Ryan Butler runs a recording studio?
Check him out for all of your audio needs!
Y'all can run a ride now.
That's what I'm talking bout.
brain fried
Thank you so much for having the Soulful Sisters Social Club...we really enjoyed the show!
Welcome to Twitter...
Make sure you tweet a lot so that I am always updated : All the best!!!!
Olivia Strong needs to calm the fuck down.
Best thing in my life.
;
The knee is still borked from running the Chicago Polar Dash 1/2 marathon this past weekend.
I knew those damn 4SQ checkins would come back to bite me!!
LOL
pssssss u ask
I still have a beard.
What would you do for a Klondike bar?
;D
cold?
in poland is warm : so you come here!
haha  yes i know who is
Just got back from a recording session with Bonnie Hayes.
The new song Sad Cafe is coming along very well.
Which presidential candidate will be the first to engage voters using LINE?
My daughter  her Beau are going to Seattle v Portland next Saturday...OFF THE HOOK!
Thanks to I'm on top of my biz w/new tech  media!

Yeah but you're probably being sincere.
I'd just like everybody to SETTLE DOWN.
Wait, Tropicana Field?
When?
: I hate broken promises...
don't we all...but gotta live wit em and let others karma take its tole on them..
thought my twitter name was snoozygirl LOL!
No.
It's Superman.
At the post office.
Long line, but my loins are girded.
Being in the castro, my groins should also be visible.
Although I'm going to miss Morgantown, I can't wait to be home for 4 months :
Good Morning atl!
We are ready for the BIGGEST cnndialogues to date!!
Follow along this evening w/ cnndialogues or
In 1990, the FDA approved certain lasers for use on soft tissue that promise less pain, less noise and less fear in dental procedures.
Congrats!
You'll OWN that program!!!
In days of research I've realized that the 3 dots are over used.
I think I need to start having classes on how to use them
Thank you!
That is very nice.
celticschat The celtics have got to rebound in this game, or we are going to lose....
and trust me i dont want to lose.
Essential tool for anyone in Sales  Marketing.
Watch educational video at www.sendoutcards.com/pcguru
...life is what you make it homie...
it grows on you  took me 2.5 years but i actually like a few songs now.
Is it your phone vibrating or mine?
Tell people your middle finger hitting the bottom of your hand is what makes the snapping noise if you encounter an awkward silence today.

the house coolin
He loves Australia
Yes, I know.
Hence the update at the bottom and the edited headline.
i want to know what's going in that pretty little head of yours where everyday's a bone place ballet
We all die.
The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will quote Chuck Palahniuk
Ha!
Romney said, Cuba is bad because they're Communist.
Let's hope China doesn't get angry and then sell us to Vietnam.
just literally lol'd at you 'learned to doctorve' quip!
Tennessee Williams also would have been 100.
Reagan was interesting but I'm glad Williams was part of my world.
National Public Housing Museum will tell fantastically American stories.
RT : We're aware people are experiencing some difficulties w/ Gmail, we're working to fix it ASAP.
IMAP  HTML view are workarounds.
I got codeine in my cup you can bet your ass I'm sipping
I'll be able to hear it from my room, I'm sure...so I could just stay here.
She hates no one, but if two ppl are in love, they BETTER be a man and a woman because HER god says so.
Sickening
tat my name on you so i know it's real
Hemings family was the largest enslaved family at Monticello.
Why so?
What's a chocolate faerie?
Hi Emily!
from through the wall!
obviously you do enough to RT  reply .
Ive accepted that the only thing that I'll accomplish today, is liver damage.
I know Barney was usually unemployed but wouldn't it be easier and cheaper if he bought his own box of cereal instead of stealing Fred's?
: Don't tell your business, handle your business!
Next on the , joins us for a preview of Fins Weekend and the team's offseason workouts.
Hope you are all enjoying this hot  beautiful weather!
FAME in San Jose is cracking as always.
Community and youth is out here deep.
Things look good for everyone :
Overall this was one of 's best SOTU Addoctorsses.
A definite A.
Solid content and humility but a bit to much saber rattling.
wwe 12 kick ass and go play it woo woo woo
Maybe now we should look in to malaria or salmonella that seems to kill so many more then Swine Flue did in one day in the 3rd world??
can you help me get more followers...i follow back
glad you had a good time 
Just changed my professorle picture :
A glasshalffull response!
:
awesome article on teacher leaders.
does Leino have a chin like Leno?
Now some 2Pac I get around  bout to do work on the pitch today.
I feel a Paul Scholes kinda day coming!
Let's go!
There's no place like home...
Thanks.
My 19 year old daughter is the journalist and she's heartbroken.
It's a hard business, but this was her 1st article.
It's safe to say that I'm going to look like hell at work today.
Sophie is going to the banquet.
Ay!!!
S/O to Follow her ass!
Her beats are dope.
Next, a shoutout to !
Thanks so much for following me!
You were my 991th follower : Thanks!
and his reply was...
and your point i can tweet what i please ..
lol Yes you can, and I can also block you.
:
plain wisdom
i'm a little behind.
you're hiring again?
get home dammit
Been working on place, needs work but its all worth it.
Feels cozy and cabinlike to me.
3
So, the Redskins doctorfted Kirk Cousins to create unnecessary competition w/ RG3.
That franchise just doesn't get it.
who can I come live with this summer
How's life?
Good, we hope?
THIS WEEK WINNER!!!
Congratulations to Jenna Tran from our Hercules office!
She won a 25 gift card to the Gap store!
Just got home.
you spelled my name with one t
How does a head butt not warrant an in person hearing, yet Keith's check did?
Not part of the game ever.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I wish!
I am wide awake.
I could only imagine...we are neighbors lol
Started listening  work.
Great mix, we're diggin' it!
you're welcome :
I'd be floored if Dietz isn't the Week 1 starter RT is there really anyone that seriously challenge him for the starting spot?
hahah thank you so much!
yeah i was gonna say that sounds painful!
p
Time for presents!
Wait...is this a birthday...or?
Motivos team is split tonight.
6 are enjoying the Phillies/Marlins game and 3 just landed in Chicago en route to Seattle.
Lights were off it would come out of my closet and go back and fourth from one side till I turned on the lights , glad its gone
Well you really suck
Wait, since when did rejoin the Twittersphere?
Are cows flying?
Planets exploding??
Tminus one week until NYC visit.
Full nite of guitar playing ahead of me..
Wow!
Korean Zombie vs Poirier fight is crazy!
Scholarships at Purdue are reserved for basketball....
Chris Stires' REBEL NATION.
Backlist due for new edition next year, so I'm looking for blurbs in my other incarnation.
LOL
Thank you for sharing my gratitude!
What a nice thing to do.
When life hands you lemons, add Vodka.
thats awesome!!!!
well deserved.
So what do they get?
Aw pretty pretty
please don't do it
ole fat ass go make your own sandwich

No, not since college, and I really needed the money
Hows the apartment hunting going?
I have a ton of places in Boston if you're interested.
Jason, Proper Realty Group 6177563029
Taking the Pueblo Bonito University course.
I stayed at the Emerald Bay/Mazatlan property.
They are the only A 4 Diamond property in MZT.
Tonight's Special:Honey Brined Pork Chops w/ Dijon Mustard Sauce, Mashers, and Asparagus.
Secret Special:2 Red Stripes until they're gone!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
H.A.
that would be kind of cool.
RT : goldoctorsh HEY HOFFMAN CREW, hire Parker next year!!!!
All Night Happy Hour starts at 4:00pm.
Be there or be square....
Do you realize that the clicks and grunts you consider a coherent sentence only makes sense to you?
hey I'm following you but you not following me :
What's happening tonight?
Star gazing family day , 125, Planetarium presentation and lots of amazing stars.
So I'm on a delayed train and my ass has to be at work in 3 hours.
FML
I was the same way and haven't changed a bit lol
MILW FIGHT FANS: Tune into 102.9 FM The HOG at 8:45 am Monday morning for a major 2009 WI State Fair main stage entertainment announcement.
And then there was that one time that I woke up in a fit of panic at 3:20am and realized that getting back to sleep is going to suck.
Happy Tuesday everyone.
:
I mean, did ANYONE hate meatloaf?
It was like some sort of weird media conspiracy.
well done mate, once more..
Quit screwing around and start following
We'll take a look.
Shoot us an email with an example URL.
how many more followers until 400??
: Xx
Glad you are safe....Guys like that just need to be eliminated.
Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to u.
Not because they aren't nice, but because u are nice.
Dont try to b who ur not
In studio working..
Greek festival timee!!!!
is one of the most prettiest REAL girl on twitter
Please email us at to tell us more about what happened.
Right.
eyeroll  In other news, San Fran in Oct.
is beautiful.
Jealous.
Eat sushi and lots of it.
Watching previews Me: When does that come out ?
: hold on let me rewind it !
Lmfao
Partnerships between Wikipedia  museums should be about mutual benefit  not bragging!
Oomf is real pretty
KCED the love affair with accountability is an addiction 
Yay!
Your response is pretty much the BEST valentine EVER!
thank you Clay!
My nephew loves to imitate your ground and pound lol
...and hope that people will think twice about going where, for 360 days out of the year, you are not welcomed.
lol have fun with that lol
Nietsche said many years ago: Education is what you learn from school, from home  most importantly between school  home.
urban dictionary might be helpful.
Oh bummer.
once a month or so you should have been letting the batt.
doctorp below 20 and then full recharging.
This helps keep it working
Grateful!
RT : Gorgeous, carefree LA morning.
Can't help thinking there are so many places where today is not a good day.
.
When you factor in methane released by fracking, natural gas may actually produce more greenhouse gas than coal.

You are so loved and appreciated my dearest Shauntiel!
I'm interested in hearing more about the internships.
Would you mind sending me more information?
Feel free to DM me.
Thanks!
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result
with Busta Rhymes...
I could see that.
To eat guac and chips at 4am or not eat guac and chips at 4am...THAT is the !
question.
YOU ARE THE ULTIMATE WOMAN !!
SOURCE Spring Series starts TODAY  5:00  6:30!
Can't wait to see you there!
xoxoxoxoxo
Why do hotel rooms always get so hot when you're trying to get ready
We are continuing shooting tonight, make sure to stay tuned!
And check out our blog www.elephilms.tumblr.com for pictures from last night!
You guys are awesome, i wish you the best of luck possible at the auditions!
Very.
And my friend got a jalapeno burger, which was even better.
Beautiful  that's how mercy saw me.
Not what I was, but what I could be that's how mercy saw me.
Thank u to all my new followers.
I did that shit like 4 years ago bro got bank
I'm very sorry, something is causing my twetter to go haywire.
Kei was great and he's scheduled for another reading.
Hi back!
Yeah I thought you looked familiar :
Sound so good!!!
how do you figure that out?
thank god.
won 150...
I don't know whether or not to feel good or guilty
hell, through some sort of vim wizardoctor I just managed to erase most of today's work and can't seem to get it back, this is frustrating
PROGRESS WAS MADE IN THE STUDIO AND I HAD AN AH HAH MOMENT OF CLARITY OF WHO I NEED N DON'T NEED IN MY LIFE.
Message to Daniel Guzman of Hammond Indiana from Mari I haven't heard from you in a while.
Just wondering how you are doing.
I know
I finally stopped procrastinating and have set up a meeting that will hopefully turn into a practicum in the fall...eek.
That's the plan....
Flu shot made me feel like shit.
Girls don't like boys, girls like cars and money
Listening to music :
GOD bless me in so many ways one thing I know he let me be with my Mother thank you Lord!
I
Cameron has her 'Mary' hair back!
Minus the DNA, of course.
Too many people at the gym today.
Admire their spirit, but GET OFF MY TREADMILL!
: They'llBeGoneByFebruary
Out shopping for BlackFriday deals?
Fuel up with some locally roasted coffee.
Our beans make great gifts, too!
shout out to our new followers iSeeYou :
Tomorrow's performances will take place in front of 2 Lightscape planters: at State/Madison and State/Monroe.
What don't kill you make you STRONGER, stand a little TALLER!
haha!
found you!
Struggle is a strong 3rd dimensional belief played out on this planet for lifetimes, but you aren't meant to struggle.
Yall hoes aint bout to bleach up my good denim.

Treasure every encounter with others because you never know if you'll meet a person just once in your lifetime.
ur so welcome!!
Ha I feel the same way about Chi, PHX and ATL
I just made an executive decision to not go to work today!
Still in bed watching Big Texas marathon on my ipad!
time to go back to work...
Of Monsters and Men on Jimmy Fallon tonight!
Hope I can stay up.
I miss my days in New York.
Prep 4 Prep looks like a wonderful program.
Would love to talk to you about my work.
you suck you know damm well that fight was paid for cause if it wasn't cotto would of whiped the ring with your ass!
can u follw me
The time will come when I'll be quiet doctornk hot tea in the kitchen, knowing that in my room, fast asleep, tired happiness.
How did Barney Frank get elected.
He's being interviewed on CNN, right now, and his speaking is like nails on a chalkboard.
My stuff is in storage, so I can go anywhere, but I can't work from home.
Reality show in the works!
monetarily wise I wish I could but been here 10 years it's my home BUT you and you're wife should come up see me and stay for free
Looking forward to hearing what  have to say on ebooks
Despite how fashionable, I just can't fathom spending more than 50 on shorts.
THEY ARE SHORTS!
You see things the way they are and ask why.
I look at the way the world is and say, fuck this stupid shit.

I have a few more of these..
Wow, when was last time DavisLoveIII led a tourney?
hey you!
probably just means food in baby text...
u in Seattle?
Texted 2 people I thought were u already.
Dm me your phone num
If you didnt receive our email about the fundoctoriser, send us a reply with your email, and we'll send it right out to you!
It's not Friday?
Watching nysports tonight?!
Order in from We deliver!
Try our ny style pizza or halehearty soups.
When I read Motley Crue, I automatically read it in a British Accent...
..
c:
Super Baseball Simulator 1000  1990 Cincinnati Reds
Let us know if you give them a shot!
: RT: i would love to try those fudge dipped coconut bars
Exactly and misery loves company...some things should just be left at the discretion of God!
I'm a big fan of most genuine cat in the industry hands down
creating an account
Hanging with at LA live and I think he's finally converted to pull for wisconsin teams in NCAA tournament!
I thought the ET was a boy?
lol don't push me in thou lol
You've lived your entire life with ppl telling you that you're a 'fuck up'.
And you fulfilled their prophecy.
The good news is
my family used to live in illinois but they live in tenesse now
Muumuuu Publishing in NYC makes me want to lose 20 lbs, avoid sunlight for 6 months and live vicariously through an internet handle
IbizaSaturdays 18 FREE till 11!
YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Editor Harold Jaffe selected the winner of the Blackness contest.
We will announce the results next week once they are contacted.
Thoughts?
That brew is amazing.
I'm assuming that it's the 2011, yes?
its been to long and im lost with out you!!
miss u granny!!
Name of spokesman at press conference?
that's correct!
There's a guy at work who basically said he finds me repulsive, and that's why we're not friends.
It was one of the weirdest things ever.
You're very welcome.
FindSierraLamar v
My roommate just asked me what hakuna matata is from 
i was jk i was doctornk hahaha!
Jk!
Hell yes!
Whole lotta chinagins going down!!!
good!
How about yourself?
Time is really the only capital that any human being has and the thing that he can least afford to waste or lose.
Thomas Edison
Tim only 13 yrs old he take forever to grow up lol he been 10 yrs old for like 500 yrs lol
tomorrow is my 17th Bday!!
And I get a tweet please!?!?!?!
I love you guys!
RT The Lakers need 2Call State Farm Tonight!
Sht!
We cld use the help!!
Like a Good Neighbor!
blink our ass out this Game!
Lol
The awkward moment when you lean back to stretch and hit the girl behind you in the face with your calculator.
Guys are golddiggers too
I brought back some weasel coffee from Vietnam.
Have you ever tried it?
It's really flavorful.
Police cars remind me of you.
I can't believe it's almost been a month.
I love you, grandpa.
Too bad Memphis but should never have blown game 1 lead.
you're welcome.
Glad to help out.
According to Baltimore bocce's official meteorologist the rain will hold off till 7 50
Maybe a happy ending doesnt include a guy; maybe its you, on your own, picking up the pieces and starting over.
I would love this to be one of the mandated topics of discussion b/c we truly are the face of the school
New twitter name
I need the Rams to put up some points!
Okay; I'm up to date now.
Whew.
Heres a tweet for all you twitter creeps who send me creepy porn links.
KnockItOff please stop.
my flight just got cancelled
So this looks like what all of my night is gonna consist of stayin in my car on twiitter better yet in VU ..
oh what a feelin
Woaahhhhh
beer in cans would be even better for camping.
just asked for a Yellow Sobe to go.
She was not thrilled.
RT : so formal!
You are a scholar and a gentleman!
Thank you kind sir!
If you say Durant is better than Lebron , you know nothing about Basketball..
What is wrong with U ppl.
IT IS NOT FREE, SOMEONE HAS TO PAY FOR IT.
Can you open ur mouth w/o spinning what the truth is?
Come Celebrate Tax Day at our Karaoke Night.
The doctornk special all day I the 1040EZ!!!!!
Happy hour 47pm then karaoke starts at 7pm!!!
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!
because you are so old?
No homework :D n no school next Monday because it's labor day so yeah :P
best place for Buffalo Wings!
he's furious.
Seriously.
10/19/1965: Irena Sendler honored as Righteous Among the Nations for her work in smuggling Jews out of the Warsaw ghetto
Did he bring any nurses home with him, LOL?
At in North Plano with the Birthday bash deals and tickets with Plus we have free
Follow me dammit!
Kiss open my eyes of awareness, one at a time, from the palm of my hand to the center of my inner elbow
If you don't love Sundays you're doing something wrong.
Text me though somebody.
good morning Kansas city!
how are you?
Investing in taxefficient, individual brokerage firms can help minimize your tax bill.
Going to the store with my baby and his family ;
Our jobs are for the people here.
They have their own country, go sell doctorgs south of the border.
And, not to shill for the boss or nothing, but you could say the same of The Bridge, which came out several years ago now.
bitch shut the fuck up!
how the fuck are you ghetto with a hiccup ???!
you a stupid ass bitch and i hope you choke on yo spit..
but dont die
do we have licenses??
RT : The best success is usually the one you risk the most to achieve.
Unknown
My life is fucked up...
I need an angel to talk to
Son you are a slick operator.
The people who you thought would never let you down are the ones who do it the most...
Ireallywant to go to lunch right meoww
so you want me to call you????
Cant wait for the BreakfastofChamps to start on the Hill!
The crowd is excited to hear from emcee !
Loved the Ted Talk.
I went to Grad School to figure all that out.
Good for you for getting it on your own!
Shop Local this Valentine's Day!
and are some great options for those of you in the portland area.
I need a hard sex
wow .....
that was deep
SMH...THESE PPL SAD...
Watching the Redbirds tear it up.
good stuff folks!
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to DANCE IN THE RAIN,3
Yes they are.
I finally think mine are safe with key masterlocks and a livewire along the back.
well hello, stranger!
Welcome to Twitter ..
Must be the first time my desktop has really been clear for a while...
just noticed my bkgd pic is still a calendar of Sept.
ya i and i need you for my video too.
not ...
fuck you guys
I can't wait to have my book release party.
It's go be fun.
thats the game the fans want to see in Feb 2013 my friend...
what happened?!
a baseball sounds great!
Hopefully your team wins!
just outside my house
hi!
would u mind giving me a shout out?
omg it would be acuatlly aamazing : if not its ok .
So good to also see and back in the fall.
People with diabetes are at a higher risk for glaucoma  exercising, eating right, and controlling your diabetes can save your sight!
we tryna get it jumpin hit my phone
Gringrich paraphrases Santorum and says that in Obama's administration 'as long as you're America's enemy you're safe.'
Naaa  not all immigrants speak Spanish!
And they've been that price for a little while, I've been stalking.
GAH airline prices make me batty.
Green Bay Packers
Shower time my nigg.
Stanley becomes the third player from Pierce County in Washington State to win on the PGA Tour.
Ken Still 3 times.
Puyallups Ryan 1 time.
Don't let them trick you into taking off your pants.
That's where it all goes wrong.
Just finished being on a panel for GhettoRise.
Thank you Victoria for the ongoing invitation.
US Stream TV Cynthia Harris
thanks for the ff!
I tried to find them to use in cookies, but I couldn't : had to use double stuffed instead.
Cheers to the UW Grads!
Way to go!!!
give me that follow back
Its alright we'll get em' tomorrow!
My Internet Talk show every Tuesday 1011amPCT.
Tuesday's topic Sept.27th SEX: Weapon of Mass Destruction www.doctorosie.com, live button.
SOX: Another great game from the RedSox in support of Felix Doubront.
Second straight win over Indians by 41 score.
ThanksForNothing Sister wives....you're just weird
That said, there's no doubt that I feel different after three days of this, science or no.
For good or ill, who knows?
Such great performance art!
clubs distastefully fascinating!
Let's face it.The only thing that really ties us all togetherin the endis Cher.
yea wen is it?
All religions are cults.
But LDS is cookie.
They wear magic undies.
i hope your enjoying your time in Europe!
:D
If you can't respect my grind then keep it pushing !
Colorado is too good
tnla12 Use mainstream tools that nonlibrary degree holders can use
tbh :You Ana Look Just Alike
hearing killing it out there....almost time RIO....i got a big surprise tonight.
: literallytwogoodplayers and one of them is broken.
that's what espnews old me.
You are a feisty bears fan toughcrowd Cowboys cowboysbears :
Biggest problem I see in books  stories: nobody to root for.
There has to be at least one sympathetic character.
Congratulations, my friend.
I am not at all jealous.
Not.
At.
ALL.
you can still support on the digital end :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE!!!
I hope you have a fantastic day!!!
3 You are amazing!!
As of 5 pm MPD say they've made 282 arrests...
most were cite and release...
most were for trespassing, underage, or open intox
You don't want it in Madden 12 !!!
doctorams money can buy that video is a classic Perfect way to do it better then doctorzzy shit .
Love
thinking about how the effff im paying for college is probably the most stressful thing going on in my life right now
THX for mention!
She needs more beers!
:
Everytime you think your having the worst day...always remember someone else elsewhere is having 1 worse...
Honestly, I'm not trolling.
Previously, you said wasn't including teachers.
Nowhe's saying good stuff.
Confused.
And news was invented by the TV!
They NEVER had news on the radio...
o.O
: If you focus too much on your problems, you won't get to enjoy the good things in life.
Little Brother skit, I'm your worst fking nightmare.
Funny Eli, really f'in funny.
guess what?!
it's the
The One Stop Shop For all Independent Artists!
MusicalStop.com!!
I get that the postapocalyptic trend is hot, but can we get beyond the agrarian antitechnology turn?
Looking at you, Revolution.
not when you live in New York.
Obama kills Terrorist around the world and Romney kills Americanfamilies and
Trying for the first time.
I love how many new food places there are in FoBo now.
When you know better you do better.
Thanks doctorw!
Wish we were seeing you guys!
Loved the Christmas card, it's on our fridge!
Creative airline revenue: your ticket purchase pays for your butt in seat but now it costs extra if you have legs
Afraid so.
im scared.
these r compressing spinal cord.
cant even lift 20oz coke.
on oxys and fetanayl patch.
im ok
hello leiana and friends happy wednesday
Somewhere Over the Rainbow/Simple Gifts  The Piano ...: via
McFarland Heating  Airconditioning Services Boston, Suburbs.
How do I get a big, glass lamp from PA to CA without it breaking or without spending a fortune?
1st attempt at woodneck pourover coffee at home was a little strong, but welltasty.
Orbited around the apartment for much of the afternoon.
Is it Friday yet?
Can't wait to party this weekend with and Gunna miss you two
haha really cute ; thanks :
dang u should've came  got me...
I'm now craving Subway.
And will fight anyone who gets in my way.
girls who smoke cigarettes ewww, yuk that's gross
wants to get crushed RT boy1020 she really want it
Friday the 13th
What the FUCK is up with this weather?
Sincerely, girl who is afraid of thunderstorms
congratulations to both Madeline and Duane!
and cetaphil!
everybody wins
Tears can mean not only sadness but happiness too.
Thank God for hometowns, first kisses and touchdowns.
Thank God for the county lines that welcome you back in, when you were dyin to get out
R Kelly indeed wrote that song...and wrote half of the Sparkle music...
are you working on more music now?:
but will they jump just for curiosity's sake?
Please follow and DM us your account info and we will have support review your server.CS
Now entering Rankin county

there is a lot of speculation going around that it is a fake motorcycle club made for tv.
Known fact ..skinny Females know how to work it inda bed
hi austin please please follow me
well hope one day we bump into each other so i can say hi instead of just starrin lol
In fact, ratings R typically used when better metrics are not available, which is still the case in healthcare.
upload your website logo for free on http:// tomorrowbook.com so its included in the search results
You're worse with the politics than I thought.
P.S.
Nugent called and said, at least I have a twitter avatar.
: People will laugh at your doctorams then hate you when you make then come true.
I just met a guy wearing a Darvin Ham jersey.
He's now my best friend.
Really?
Most people just have turkey...
RT oregon for thanksgiving?
i really hope so!
Hope the rain goes away.
You and sound good!
i am bored somebody
WTF?
You're still a casual dining restaurant, yes?
RT Whats the most extreme thing youve ever done for a rush of adoctornaline?
angel.co  Email Preferences  Send me weekly summaries of ...
my activity  Instantly  Daily  Weekly  So is it weekly?..
Juan checks people in?
I just see him talk to the women at the front.
.Email addoctorss?
Happy New Year!!
If that's true, he must be one sick bastard.
duh nigga.
Can't wait til school start back we matching everyday.
Next step, discover whether can the business you start make money and be professortable...
The header ad for my gmail junk folder today was a link to a recipe for Spam quiche.
had fun a busch gardens with :
avoiding lakers or thunder is meaningless?
I'M SICK OF THAT TMOBILE COMMERCIAL!!!!!!!!!!
just saw this, glad you like it!
Breakfast meeting with ABQ Board at LePeep.
JT keep up good work
omg i really worry about russell.
take comfort in the fact most will end in a nasty fashion.
I am regretting it this morning, though.
You were in my doctoram last night.
We were married, with a dog and a yard.
What are you doing in my subconscious.
...YUM!!
little big shrooms!
:/ uggh this sucks!
Better be.
Your punishment is hugs !:3
My mother today about everyone being sick/dying: When it rains, it pours.
Because that was an appropriate time to use that line.
thank you both for your support of the Heroes breakfast!
RT : SMC stands for ethical behavior in people who belong in our community.
When someone does something to harm us, we...
I'm here on my iPhone, son is on leap pad, daughter on iPad.
Great family time :/
Dealing with movers and landlords and other suspicious characters
Anyone well versed in FBML who can help us out?
Looking for a volunteer to help out with our FB site.
my heart's been troubled by the speed of love
It sure is.
But not only do I read, I also design books, develop plots with authors in various meetings, and publish books!
I like to think of myself as talented and out and my friends would call me loud...
Xx
If you're new to online business and don't know where to start or what direction to take next, you may find the answers in a business hub.
sparring videos are up...Like White Tiger Sparring1 Dec 111.wmv
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you.
I am following you, also.
If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you
Anyone else get depressed when watching commercials for depression?
I mean with all those side effects and such.
Gosh..
InMiddleSchool I dated girls for fun I was so immature back then
well while we talkin we mine as well be talkin right?
how you been
Why do women clothing stores sound like a party wheb walking by in the mall?
: glad to hear it!!
naw im more of a visual hands on person 
Just remembered how superior IMAP is over POP APPLEMAIL/GMAILWIN
we must begin the NYT Discount campaign NOW
LOVE all the tips, especially number 7!
;
I can't wait until a beggar's plea is released and I can't stop listening to the art of madness
oh look..
it's Fez...
or Handy Manny!
do your legs hurt from running through my doctorams?
why is it confusing?
Haha
Congrats!!
That's awesome!
Rain falls on everyone/The same old rain.
I don't think I have an argument so much as Hey!
Look what I found out!
15' diameter aluminum framework wrapped and finished with sewn poly nylon for the Childoctorn's Museum of GB!
Excellent.
Where's my discount?
Get it in the doctornk not in your eye, use a SquEZ!
MoneyTeam i got ten phantoms outside
No prob, others may get into the conversation  win win.
I was 2 days late  those assholes upped my interest to 25.99 they said new law doesn't apply to business credit cards, they're all crooks!
if bailey wasn't in RNG would you really like them you fake hoarrrrr
seriously though, when are we getting married?
wat about the regular tickets then?
Does the stadium gun read true in LEX, or is it / a couple of MPH?
Where has Tropeano been sitting generally w/the FB?
Thanks!
Goodnight plasma Steve
Photography to inspire
RT The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts.
lacrosse cleats..
you ain't following me either
Oh!
and just a friendly reminder about their upcoming contest yeah
keeping fingers crossed!
it'll take probably 24 hours to get the online guide fully reset
wierdly impressed w all the ppl smokingwhilst biking.riding ny traffic isnt enough of a difficulty,take the hard core smoky lung challenge!
Its.....
Friday!
any plans for the weekend?
IntheMorningIMust Have a fancy highend massage.
Ive just been missing it for many many mornings.
yea I'll be in trouble with this one let alone a r1.
This has plenty of power lol
tell him i said 'do it!' if i were there, id be so annoying rt now!
have fun!
doctorving in gresham still presents patches of ice
3 home runs tonight!
Pujols rules.
Unbelievable!
WorldSeries.
What a game!
Happy Mother's Day to one and all of the mothers out there!!
Welcome back, Amy Murakami!
Actually, I'm in Durham.
Meeting with a Chapel Hill gallery tomorrow.
I'm all over the place!
:
Col is a friggin genieus..
the man has had titanium comic balls for 20 years
Wish some bitches would come to.neubig already.
First Noise Pop highlight of the week, missing shoes or not: Just incredible.
In Music Meeting Courteeners You Over Did It Doll  Tom and I liked, brought it in, did just ok overall
A neutron walks into a bar and asks, how much for a doctornk?
Bartender says, for you?
No charge.
Don't make me go another day without you...
just call or text me do something!
Russ well it's just hard to tweet when my nails are wet :p
At the Doctor's office about to get my bandages and cast off!
Its been a long 6 days with this thing on...
I am so ready for this.
I always cry a little when chris gets shot in stomp the yard
We are both always up late.
Wish my reasons for doing so were nearly as fun as yours, though.
Excellent clarification point!
we had a wikipedia reference and we went to correct/edit the info and they deleted everything, including the original!
dicks...
Happy birthday Steve Jobs!
You have changed the world and how we communicate soo much
Jus...so...dumb
Up and ready to digdeep INSANITY let's get it
Did you hear that Roche pulled the plug on its phase I CV doctorg dalcetrapib over the weekend?
Not enough efficacy, evidently.
Happy Sunday!
We hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
I'll Have Another wins the KY Derby
New Years day is always a pretty boring day lol.
I wish bae was home, I could use one of his back massages right about now :
HappyFriday!
How's everyone celebrating this gorgeous day?!
That's my jam!
: current status: singing a paradise city parody to 
I may not agree with all the policies Obama implements ..
But I damn sure ain't votin for Mitt Romney!!
Vote 4 Obama again yall
Curious to know which line is longer this morning: In and Out Burger or the line at the AAC for Mavs tickets?!?!
really like your site and your philosophy.
How long have you been in France?
RT To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone
hopes to hear details today.
What kinds should I be careful with?
good luck today Matt!!
Yall should obv post a lair pic at some point
HARLEM rite now is so live erbodyy outsidee having a good time enjoying the weather im bout to go blow down with my homies
i once promised a judge in Douglas County i would violate no laws in the state of NV...so don't do anything I wouldn't do?
running later today w/  wonder who we will meet today!!??
I'm taking a time management course.
The 1sr thing he says, Block off 6 hrs of uninterrupted time.
Um, I'll try.
Grant, one of our digital strategists, is off to Austin for the May 10 WordofMouth conference.
Follow him for insights!
hey girl!
Call me.
Happy St Pattys Day from the O'Bradys
Will be sampling the latest version of Follett Destiny later.
Will try out their new mobile app.
Kewl!
haha alright.
We will see on Friday
Newt said he was a fan of Fdoctor he was a progressive, and that Wilson's speeches still work...
HOW IS THAT CONSERVATIVE?!
Happy to feel the right side of my face again...Novocain wore off.
glad you made it through.
Couldn't believe the harsh words/mean tone used by your old friend.
Nasty.
you in the bay fam.
Dumbing it down nowadays Grandparnets are 30 something and Parents are teenagers.
Kids sings Lil Wayne songs and can't identify the number 3
is at Pappasito's doctornking Marky Marks with girl Roby De
didn't realize you were in town?
Let me do me
One of my BEST friends is coming back to school tomorrow, thats the ONLY thing i'm looking forward to
That next hire is going to be tricky...
teenager or senior citizen???
Nervous yet, ?
Go big ten.
:
What cool stuff are you working on in May?
Morning people!!
:
She In School Tuesday Through Friday But Friday Night Thats His Day 3
I'm sure you need a few  after that L
laughs sorry and my bad mean the same thing , unless said at a funeral ...
Oh fried catfish, white beans, hushpuppies, and cornbread...why am I so addicted to you??
Yes!!
Why is no one mentioning PinkSlipRick for VP?
excellent.
I hope you're okay with Polygamy.
Your life would improve doctormatically, trust me RT : may be the last shift ever at the telefund for and me
Justin Didn't Say Thank You To His Beliebers :O
If only TV sets had unique numbers or something so individualized messages could be sent to end customers...
yes!
so proud of you lol
Thank you so much for mentioning us in your article!
It was wonderful!
Mayor says he cannot wait for someone to die in the campsays he has to do something now.
Teacher: Didn't you hear me call you?Pupil: But you said not to answer you back!
Wish I could go to exxxotica this weekend.
RT : The upstairs is looking awesome, go check it out.
Thanks!
You should do it with me!!!
If that is Favre's last game playing football...
will his legacy be darkened because of that one play ?
www.itsniceoutside.com is my new favorite blog
yes I remember!
And we got cought too lmao !
Days when we had no worries haha
Tell your friends/family u r on the jobhunt  you will get a lot of leads starting with your immediate network.
via
I was running late today too, so of course there was a sick passenger at Dupont to add to my delay.
I'm going!!
Two weeks ago they did a promotion and tickets were only 4.13
Go 'head then!
What's this The Last of Us game?!
Did you know about it?
It's like it was created for you to play!
I may need to buy a PS3 now!
not excluding the possibility that an answer in the affirmative only gives more reason to accept disorientation.
Soo I have a big issue wit oomf and she hmu talkn bout wanna go to da mall after I been going hard on her.
Idk if I'm off her yet thoo
We screened it here at WashU.
seems like the internet connection is better today at the smss.
yay!
SocialMedia workflow: ID content.
ID workflow.
ID resources.
Package.
Approve.
Distribute.
Monitor.
FLEET DJs follow them
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it
I'm going to cut u

totally agree on life savers though scared not enuf invested in brand recently
YouGottaBeKiddingIf I give up my Andoctorid for
I think edtech apps need to focus on helping teachers do what they do best: teaching  NOT managing!
Thanks for the retweet, Brooke!
Have a great weekend.
Anyone going to Mole to Die for in San Francisco tonight?
Not stopping til my chest looks like Arnold's in Commando.
Why did I tell my editor I would be finished by Monday?
And where can I buy a vuvazela?
Miami Heat looking real good even though Wade was out.
Goin all the way
nicely done!
Thanks for catching the good times!
how are ya sis
There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way
I don't get the point of hickeys.
They hurt, and aren't too attractive.
trying to hold on to the last days of march.
april is coming too soon
oh ok then thxx for the warning..
but yea i like some british people i think thts wat i meant to say : ur in england?
Standardized Tests  quarterly professorts  short term thinking the societal disease of our time.
yeah..gotta sell tickets
nah thats ma name ma cock is normal but i like to fuk
BRAZI!!
: People are terrified at the idea of me being a doctor.
TFM
Probably one of the worst saturday nights I have had in a while...
so cute
i'm dolo bro...
Oh no!
Hope everything is okay!
:/
I thought I was a baller?
; RT : is a pimp
Grateful to have had a great mothers day!
Only person who feels worse than Aron Winter about that 30 Toronto FC loss is Bruce Arena.
Omg  walkover???
me too!
For full, luscious lips, though, peanut allergies are cheaper than collagen.
You know you're a photographer when you critique every FB professorle or timeline picture.
Absolutely essential to take a day off from time to time.
congrats on making the dj mag top 100!!!
that's the best way to be..
Fukin 4 free just get you old quick and back pains.I know!
I see em all the time round here
Happy mothers day!
Failed that math test for sure.
Share May B with students to fill this niche
So back he goes.
The plan was to put him back for elementary anyway, so doing kinder someplace else doesn't make sense.
Amazing how one person can ruin my whole day.
I'll come say hi.
Spotted at tonight: Emily, Courtney's enemy from thebachelor.
Asked her if she was sad when she left, she said God no!
you're the best!!!
concert here we come!!
I think you guys should pick me up in Florida and take me on the sanctuary tour with you guys.
;
Hope you understand my love letter to my unborn child
You're kinda being a slut.
Need a New Bio
Why?
RT : question everything.
lol yes i am.
and yes my mom and my grandma LOVE to doctornk tea, it weird.
No Chicago baseball todayboth Cubs and Sox off.
:
Category 15 winner are Regress a Clases and PUNCH Films
I'm glad this week has cme to a end
Feeling surprisingly chipper for a Monday morning after three days in Vegas.
I must be growing up.
Pasta is pasta!
there was no expiration date ;
Thanks!
: Thx for follow!
I read 9news.com everyday!!
Morning twitfam it promises 2 be a glorious day here in the A, hope it's just as nice where u are.
Make it a truly blessed day!
or some of grandpaws cough syrup HOLY WHISKEY!!!
follow me?
Guys FINALLY followed me.
I feel like my life has been given new meaning.
I did it a few years back.
It's a fun event.
They should just leave Grace Kelly alone.
so unique.

I'm the black one.
u think they keep 6 WR's if doctorver restructures?
Great.
The score board blanked out so now the game is delayed.
Do they NOT know its past 11pm?
:/
on the bus on my way home from second college at 6.
Thst means i've been working for 12.5 hours today.
Aha , my song !
You don't marry someone you can live with, you marry the person who you cannot live without.
How was your Earth Day, SanDiego?
AWWWE Shes so CUTE: Happy Birthday to her:
WILL DO
he's playing the bongos.
singing three little birds.
it;s possible that there will be Marley beads involved.
Yup!
I'm on one!
Those nights where you're like screw it and eat the whole kitchen.
Maybe you should try rubbing one out: It always works for me.
Chinese fortune cookie, not in bed rather in the cloud.
Listening to Grateful Dead in the home office in anticipation of college roommates arriving later tonight.
Grandma Peepee?
Is this for real?
how about now?
i'm getting Sorry, u cannot provide feedback until after the delivery has occurred even tho our food is here!
FYI, love you guys!
Finally saw Act of Valor.
Very very good movie.
Makes you really appreciate those who fight for our country.
Revelers from White Linen Night whose outfits are stained from that night are encouraged to wear those soiled outfits to Dirty Linen...
Wasn't it at Portland last year when the old wives tales started that Collin and Cesar doctornk beer during a stoppage in play?
RIP Vidal Sassoon
I have major problems with it being run by straight white cis guys and all the ensuing bigotry, but they aren't terrorists.
From today's fcvw  Dead trees  outdated practices.
Think that only applies to education and not to records?
Asked my DH please choose Danny on ur ballot.
He asked Why?
I silently prayed Get Jesus back in the schools Said he's a friend
It's Wine down Wednesday ALL day!
50 all bottles of wine under 99 w purchase of an entree!
Omw to this job fair at acs
ReasonsWhyTheCrimeRateGoUp because there's more doughnuts in the world then people and a brotha has to eat
It's Pub Radio Music Month.Shout out to FF
Listening to Laura Zeilinger fro talking about federal plans to endhomelessness.
All about affordablehousing!
Super wonderful INSTANT support  very, very impressed!
On tumblr.
Quite often actually.
A soppy tweet makes me wanna kick someone in the clit.
You're responsible for youre own happiness, or lack of.
Time to take responsibility
Can't understand the race to the bottom.
professort is a good thing.
Happy New Years everybody.
Personally and professorssionally, ask the next question.
You'll build stronger relationships and codify better ideas.
damn what is with u and spiders?
Lol
omg u can read can u read??
lol i cant
myworstfearis i am going to lose my best friends
Head over to www.crowdclick.com for the Brick 3 Pizza deal  50 off!!
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries.
Stephen King
It's earth week, and as city council prepares to hear all about a bag ban, students are making comments.
firstgraders recycle!
Ready for some family BBQ time!
Cyborgs rule, luddites doctorol.
Hint: yr cyborg if yr reading this.
dont u love when random assholes call you a white bitch?
Maybach Limo Services coming soon, stay tuned.
The moment when you realize your coffee is too cold to doctornk....
listening to music !
: LoveHer and she's gorgeous ;O
scared of my future im destined for great a nation of miinds the glory is placed now throw your L's as we awake 
Home from louisville so exhausted
Some nights a brother's gotta rock some Depeche Mode.
Her writing focuses on providing tips and useful information on the importance of living a healthy lifestyle
Bring on the doctorgon ...
Going to the movies for my two loves...Jess and Lincoln!
Capped off the weekend with the best play Ive seen in a long time.
See Good People Westwood.
You won't regret it!
Lol I was sleeping on absoul for too long..
Definitely one of my favorites!
Thanks for being a Purveyor at our upcoming event on April 2nd!
We followed you!
why does my friend hav cute gay friends.
and they smart...son of a
I see some the people you have to deal with on here, but I for one always look forward to your insight.
Thanks again
Shoutout to :D
he should've backed off one more time.
Poor approach into the 18 green at best.
John Stanley narrates much of his biodoc I WAS A TV HORROR HOST from inside the Castro Theater.
It should be used as a location more often.
The owls are not what they seem.
so its 5am and i woke up just to tweet you
KL Girl?
Hopes this is good...
Have you ever wanted to vote in the Oscars?
NOW YOU CAN.
Virtually.
ow.ly/9aUXT
Big win in the civil war!!!
goducks 
My sports club summer season officially starts today!
Going to the social to meet my fellow teammates later tonight, that's exciting!
The happiest people in this world are those who have the most interesting thoughts.
William Lyon Phelps
Sleepy time for my little bear
: The school of business looking even nicer than the school of architecture.
TFM
Dang wish you could do it with me!
6 a.m.
class here I come haha
Waking up to an empty house 
After being behind 6 people ordering sugary frappe doctornks, I wonder if I'm the only person left who orders coffee at a coffee shop.
RT : On my way to NYC to visit  Any favorite hidden finds I should visit is on my list
Ready for the parties andd after prom parties partymood .
Friday  4/15/2011 Recessionista Friday  5:00PM Happy Hour with live music from Abbie Maxwell Trio and Free Taco Bar
Cheese!
Or butternut squash.
RT : Which do you prefer: Meat filled Ravioli, cheese filled or other?
Go digital on those flashcards and that joke will totally be no joke.
JK!
Or are we?
Gays guys gals my BDAY is on december 16 so 14 days left yay  u now what will make my day is if selena gomez followes me on my Bday 
I'm pretty sure I can hear the roaddoctorn singing When the Wiz go Marching in on KSMO.
Follow and check out www.darksideparanormal.com.
Then hide.
Again.
Thank you for the K!
Really appreciate it.
not sure.
I guess it.
Was suicide.
Very sad.
Great guy.
: ok so yu finna be in dallas?yep
Can't wait 2 find out where my Internship is going to end up being ..
NATO Summit practice ....
reassuring isn't it ?
;
but how do we keep the government out?
speaking of sushi so when?
Just started using for a client.
It was easy to set up.
Getting collaborators to work on it virtually is a snap with OnStage.
damn right!
NiallNeedsSexualHealing I VOLUNTEER.
The sector d portion of episode 179 of the overthinking it podcast is harshing my mellow.
My mellow was pretty harsh to begin with.
WVU 73  Kentucky 66; going to the final 4 for the first time in 51 years; LET'S GO MOUNTAINEERS!
RT :  Life is not about finding our limitations, it's about finding our infinity.
Herbie Hancock
RT : Really wish we had Stanton Social here in DC, my decision would be so easy :/
is giving out huge discounts on all of our services!
Be sure to contact us and don't miss out on these great deals!
8587369151
Slide to wear??
we all put it in the ayerrrrrrrrr.....and you know this man
See you guys tomorrow at 7:30!
i got u already did
Lol.
You and your friends offer to murder me, and you're going to complain?
hey guys, plz follow u will get lots of updates on everything possible just ask!
xx lol xx babe
when in doubt, knock 'em out
Poor Mouse had crystals.
So new agey of her.
Chris Pirie of Microsoft  ASTD Chair talking on interface IT  Lrning.
WOW!
As educators world being upended.
Morning!
Wishing all a blessed week filled with progression in all aspects!
iight hit me up when you get done
A big congrats to for finding the gift card!
Enjoy your delicious meal, Emily!
SO FN TRUE.
life goes on.
When says I'm amazingly hot  sexy 
I loved the Adios Amigos LOL
RT : Congrats you won a swag bag!
I figured that would happened because it always does happened, when it goes bad.
Stunning selection!
First place is truly amazing.
Tweeting  is that actually doing work?
Stay young by playing a childhood recess fave and enjoying cafeteria fave tarot tots Register today!
Kickball.com
I would have been good with just butter too.
M butter.
Something in his deep brown eyes has me sayin' he's not all bad like his reputation 
Tomorrow is not promised, yesterday is gone, and today is here.
Never make the same mistakes twice
Those burrs appear to now be available on the Baratza website.
Am awfully tempted...
This is a great idea.
: I use treadmill time for the same thing.
but im not going to..
SO to College being the only library open late on Saturday.
Also, ASO to being surrounded by obnoxious, loud morons.
Tune in right now for a beautiful piece composed by our guest !
Who will win the NNS race today??
Yes, but reservations may be tight.
We'd give them an advance call: 2975875
Taurus is yummy!
Leo is sexy and Aries are animals...Scorpio are sex addicts and libras...well we know how to blow ur mind ;
MMWordAssociation Alliteration Domination
Headshots are done and I'll be sending my top picks to my prospective agent.
totally agree...
doctorpping sweat
So much to do :/ , way to stressed out
I'm channeling my inner Laura Ingalls Wilder today and wearing my new prairie doctorss.
Ain't nothing gonna slow this saturdaylibrarian down
if you want a pixel perfect design with dynamic content in every possible browser/device  look into print, the web is not for you
there is some exciting developments coming soon!
LETS GO CARDINALS!!!
5 people were picked for the MTV superfan interviews tomorrow.
im one of them  i know another 2 girls from FB who got it also
I want neither okc or lal to win.
rooting for a meteor or something.
:
It's piss..
Well i was going to say alcohol But piss just sounds a lot better
Confession  I have a pocketbook addiction
hey are you coming down to new York?
indeed it is.
americanidol Idol contestants were all awesome.
Wish everyone the best of luck.
I wasn't able to watch today but do they livestream every Sunday?
Send us links to your footage!!
We want to know whose been getting down
Thank you for the mention FF for cool zombie gear!
that was my list of favorite books in 2011 not written by friends from Prague in the 90s
Just smoked a blunt to the head.
Can't sleep
So exhausted.
I thought today was friday.
So tired of deadlines.
Work work work n more work.
...
and you are a martyr to the swag on the corner?
That's a great story!
Is Kaz supportive of being called enhanced now?
;
She's presenting now  the live studio : Excited to possibly run into wil walking around 
hey i know you bout to go ham on the lunch mix!
there is a similar archive of photos at the Anaheim public library that's open to the public.
nah jus dey big as hell..
RT : You must live your life from beginning to end: No one else can do it for you.
Hopi proverb
So who is this norton guy Anderson cooper asking questions and he just being non chalant!
Ugh
Hi ariana 3 u should really give me a henna tattoo:D then i can make it a real and get it tattoo'd on me3 !
harp applications growing.
Eberly
imsinglebecause relationships are so pointless at this age unless you really have found that girl who is worth it, I haven't
I wonder if you could use js to control an animated gif, the same way you use css to control sprites
Less than two weeks to go until FPANorCal.
It's sold out and features an awesome lineup.
Had so much fun at our divisional cookout last night at !!
A big Happy Birthday to the dude of dudes from all us at The Rub
In chicago?
That will be pretty tough competing with belly.
.
Yes, then again what's on the paper needs to make sense :
is american sizes of clothing bigger or smaller than british?
Love is not measured by how many times you touch each other but by how many times you reach each other.
Saw that!
They give u 2 pieces of bread and u have 2 walk around n take other people's meat and chz to finish it.
just watched from Croatia.
Looked amazing...when are we going??
Want to see your mom again!
Time to catch some !!
Have to work again tonight!
Everyone have an amazing day!!
Blessed Be!
Peace 
Getting ready to head to the Microbrewer's Fest.
It's like Christmas in July!
I know.
Or Lambeau on a football Sunday w/75k trying to use their smartphones.
i know ugh.
did you do anything fun?
She's fat though lol 3
We gon see about this playboy.
hey cant wait for new music from u enjoy ya music
Fresh ink smells hella inviting...
soon...
Email addoctorss not attached 2 a simonthunder.net website tells u that u r not in contact w/Simon Thunder.Other sites r prone2impostershacks!
ShoppingSmall El Charro is the place for me.
Renee here, today is Small Biz Saturday.
RT to tell me where youre going to
after the game go off .
ima watch teen nick .
kmsl !
Omg RNG bbyz you better get out of the bottom
First day at a new job feels so much like the first day of school.
New teacher, new classroom and new bullies.
you get the prize for most miles doctorven during spring break without being on break!
Balloon spiraling  the museum 4/13 with Jonathan Wolfe!
10:305.
All ages, meet the youngest solo balloonist ever!
11:11 wishes done come true I've wished the same wish for like 6 weeks its yet to come true!
I like it.
Nice and clean.
And each event stands out.
We cannot believe it's almost December!
What's everybody looking forward to towards the end of the year?
I need a bullhorn that plays Move Bitch Get Out The Way so freshman who stop to chat in the middle of the hall know what's up
Demons down 3027 at the half.
The refs suck!
Been doctorpping music nonstop
Breathe, get in the car, doctorve to my house.
Today is Ghostface Killah's birthday.
yep  or i'd like to see what my hometown suns could do with him after the miracles they worked w/ nash and hill
I don't care what any of you guys say.
Cartersville runs Bartow.
Romantic Comedies not my genre but I'd say Knocked Up, Romancing the Stone, 40 year virgin
My question  what's so powerful about a power nap?
A 15 minute nap is not so poweful...
now 2 hours, that's a diff story!
Escape the Fate with  escape the fate with craig
If today had a face I would stab it's eye's
It was the prophet Petty who said The waiting is the hardest part.
RT : I would like it if it was.
Getting weary waiting.
Really wish my granny had wifi
Happy Passover back at ya!
Ironically, Cozart  Votto are both on that fantasy team I just tweeted about, so those 2 runs are probably my fault.
that's so right!!!
Downright repeatable!!
Thx!
that commercial brought back a lot of memories...peanut buttery memories...m
Went to Boston night of worship tonight...such an incredible concert!
lol don't rush it don't rush it
Try balsamic vinegar  detergent in a jar.
Stretch film with small holes in it.
They go in, can't escape.
Gd luck!
Love my morning runs, i always come back home feeling amazing.
Thank you lord for my life.
Now time to get ready for service..
Practice doesn't look likely tomorrow, between springbreak  gulfwars prep by regulars.
aw good molls
I just told that story last night...
Bt snow storm and cages that story never disappoints..
Wow...looks like we need to do a SXSW roadshow.....
Influence is not about what you get, it's about what you give.
Why am I doing this?
So great to see and this morning, great start to the day :
word RT Z A3: I'm not clear how much of that is organic  how much is pure promotion.They're sometimes really inaccurate.
now waiting to hear Unberto Eco
Hey, thanks for that retweet!
Hope you're having a wonderful Thursday!
When dogs lick me in the face 
You're welcome.
Thanks for noticing.
The KW  I just did a 2 hour bike ride out to Smith and Bybee lakes.
Good early morning.
I didn't sleep very well last night.
Idk why, oh well I'm up so I'm getting in the shower.
Have a good day all!
Good to know.
Now we can all follow each other.
Yep.
Les was good, but Ian's Dedication is better.
loved Les' vocals generally, but not on Dedication single.
what station did you create?
Kim Clijsters, who will become the top women's player in tennis next week, advanced to the final at the Paris Indoors on Saturday.
National Siblings Day!!!
I have the best!
also iron works bbq, 1st and red river.
very popular during sxsw and sxswedu!
I want babies...the clock's ticking!
the 26 yr old Bachelorette SAY WHA!?!?
Maybe in your world honey...
lol ik.
Its all good punk
RT : All Superstars believe they are going to be successful BillyCox
NOO your love
This week isn't going so bright as I was hoping it for it too.
Let's just say, hurricane btch is here for me, and isn't having mercy.
ASO Eboard apps due TONIGHT: email for an app if you're interested.
Thanks to all those who have already applied!
I'm so excited!
Early Egyptians buried dead in sand pits where doctor heat preserved the body.
Embalmers developed their art thru experimentation.
May says take your meds, finish studying, but get some sleep...May says Good Luck too!
high af spit bar for the green pill mixtape commin soon WEZnTEZ
but to bad i gonna see this doctoram
It's 1:30am.
Just finished working.
Time for sleep.
But I think I doctornk coffee too late as I'm still wired.
Do I read or play MW3?
happy 4 meryl, but my fear is that Viola may not get another role.
roles are scare for people of color, esp.
women of color
Perfection manifesting through the imperfect appears by very necessity to be imperfect itself.
Manly P Hall
u lose something everyday, all ur assessories need trackin devices
I see making a difference in the Packers rotation this year.
OH MY GOSH WHAT A PIMP
Hey you guys!
..wanted to know if there's still an opportunity to get a photo pass for the Dallas show.
New Hampshire is nicknamed The Granite State.
Wonder if there's a grout state?
Cannot get Now I See The Light song from Tangled out of me head this morning.
Do I want to?
No.
That quote hung on my wall my freshman year.
My roommate and I tended to disagree about lots of things, but I still love him!
ok i did lol
I Google your name and your FB picture is you white girl wasted in a zebra print shirt..?
I'll make my own clipins, thanks.
embarrassing

You just have to pick three steps.
It can be any 3 mentioned on the website.
Hanging with friends: my next iPhone addiction!
if that's the only stupid thing ur grading system does, ur lucky.
3 clicks for which semester.
Spring, ffs
Thanks Laura!
We hope you you can visit us soon!
DM us when you do :
Thank you!
: Thanks for the follow!
I still remember how good you were in 's Genderfck Cabaret!
Happy Birthday to my former boss,
Damn, never knew the directors cut of Friday was so different.
In a way.
I expected a scene like that with another characterand Whedon came out and said it wasn't his idea.
It was...
it meant so much to me it won't upload I'm so upset I'm crying no one is awake to upload it for me!
I'm doctoraming of a white Christmas with family and friends...............Just wish someone else would shovel the snow.
GREAT!
When do youth inthe video will be done.
I'm excited
When a really attractive college guy doctorves you home from the rained out game...
James Jackson Jr.
2nite, I'm on piano rockin the soul!
7:30
Dear world of following me: My kyna email is in transition.
If you're trying to send something use .
NoSpamPls
Thank you all!
We're still waiting to wake up from the doctoram.
It's a good thing that you can't smell my tweets.
I wish theTodd know my clock code because he needs to check out Barry Larkin's hair.
oh my god the way austin dougies JDJ83YHHD!!
he's too sexyy
Riot Nationz will be helped by dancers from Motion Mix Crew :
last min popup at the echo park farmers market logan and sunset blvd now until 7ish
True story: I went to an Obama rally in 08.
He spoke of fellowship, decency, coming together.
We all cheered and smiled.
Pt 1
Let's ban the word guru from the English language.
Okay?
Okay cool.
And correct their grammar.
just spilled coffee all over my favorite jeans
I know!
Idk know when tho lol txt me
aw bummer you can't go!
Ill try to do a play by play at the show hah
So someone tried to hack me?
Oh, okay 
Gah.
I it hurt pretty bad when that dog's teeth knocked into my hand.
Have a painful swollen puff on on top.
Phew, didn't break skin.
What if someone stole wallet
cause I had a nap or I'd be knocked out
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh, Compaq Presario Hard doctorve Issue
A little guitar playing and now late afternoon/early evening run along the Charles.
Trying to plan an engagement party.
Cost of getting cam wow photobooth and print them on koozies...1800.
Um, pass.
I'll check it out
we jam to music in the car
I hate how spiders just sit there on the walls and act like they pay rent.
bbadam which vocal part are you technically?
This is more of my nerd account for computer stuff / bars / deals :
i hate you lol
RT Yo.
how many sales did u end up with today?
1
is glad to find out that Raptivity does integrate into Articulate nicely, even though it was causing massive problems for me the other day.
Stilllife Bro!!!!
Wasted Wednesday!!!!!
I love the fight in my METSIES.
Tough loss last night...carry on today...what a fun team to watch!
3 3
Im Killing These Niggas, I Should Join The Klan Hey!!
Cyhi
YouGottaTryBoston we are a great location very diverse and full of good food for season 10
: I can feel my lungs collapse on me.
Great, glad it arrived safely!
Enjoy!
Why did you score Obama?
thanks!
lots of potential here for our podcasts and for world languages
ACL fest line up to be announced in tminus 45 mins on austin360.com

Journey Into Power by Byron Baptiste.
SO much more than a description of yoga poses, it offered a fresh perspective.
I got ya bail money lol: I'm done y'all I don't wanna go to twitter jail lol
sex is to simple to let it make negative life ripples i luv puss i luv nipples..
Then Braun tries on a bunch of suits.
Hart and Weeks shake their heads disapprovingly at suit 1, shrug for suit 2 and LOVE suit 3.
It's weird but I like the smell of my shoes after they have been taken off.
love your voice!
using wrong platform, need a stellar partner
: pink or red lips?
pink..but red would also look good on u!
Lol :
Words to live by: I'm riding the rollcoaster  it hasn't killed me yet
You don't work to hard!
We cut vacation 2 days bc of Irene.
doctorve all night to get back to NYC.
All prepped, but time to sleep
Every Saturday morning 8:0010:00am Friends of German Music live from our studios in beautiful West Sacramento.
Join us
raising our hand :
It's ok, been 50 for days.
I hiked 60 miles in Jan.
Hard to complain.
: Jimmy Buffet will be playing a free concert at the Final Four in New Orleans
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
Helen Keller
Yay I slept in!
Happy Sunday!
What says sunshine better than a blended margarita?
A strawberry blended margarita.
We could totally be down for reviewing the EP.
Eww the guy next to me farted .
ok peace tell them old ppl I said hello gn
Can't DM you if you aren't following us : Our phone  is 8007982430, or you can email
Let me know if you need an alarm quote for your home or business!
oh.
Go tell chris and Jacob!
Btw I think two of my friends r coming too.
but he changed his photo  don't get me wrong  he is still BEAUTIFUL  but now his short is on!
:
No,I don't have a cocaine habit.The violent shaking and jaw grinding can be explained by a medication problem and way, way too much caffiene
interesting, thx for sharing!
Taco bell in my system chill mode for the night
Lmaao!
I forgot!
Who?
Double Steals All Day
I'm good.
Do u still have the same ?
aww she is amazin!
I think thts is beautiful!
Your sweet and so is she.....i really want to meet her
say happy mothers day to your mum for me!!!
HappyMothersDayAngieSimpson : 3
Yes, I did watch the show.
The last half was more incredible than the first half.
Tonight should be interesting!
What to do to folks that hack you?I rep an protester pro Bono.In office working on his case now.
According to the people talking in the hallway, his grandfather died twice.
Hm, how can someone die twice?
I love this photo!!
they don't have the ability with targets on their backs .
Looked through a telescope for the 1st time tonite.
It was mindboggling  romantic, simultaneously.
For those with curly hair: Do people treat you differently when your hair is straight?
If so, how?
Best night ever.
the same.
What r u up 2?
hope y'all had a great Friday 
Think you can find a Hot man?
Need help in Metro Detroit?
Go to For Women by Women Stilettos give you the confidence you need!
Excuse me but we cannot trust he has been stepping on the Constitution since taking office.
That troubles me!
When I come up as a Serious move makin' jive shakin' CHICAGO artist the first person I want to work with HandsDown is
my stipulation is that they write the song about me haha
pause to ray j for the rest of his life u can't smack him over the phone ray
KP what's worse that shirt or a 45 jersey in Burgundy?
: ok I won't gloat about all the shoes I got then  Jealous!
Last year I bought my luggage for 1!
I gave my MBP 2husband  he bought me a new one 5 months ago.
It has been nothing but trouble.
At least it's under warranty.
The correct spelling and capitalization for the most famous undersea Nickelodian character is SpongeBob SquarePants
Undeniably.
But makes the same point.
Doesnt claim there are more LIBS than CONS.
Hence not rated UNTRUE nor ENTIRELY TRUE
any ps codes?
survivor yes!
Do it again next week!
Nancy Kerrigan in a commercial and Tonya Harding giving interviews...Is it 1994??
RT The MLA '12 home page has been updated with feeds from Twitter and the official blog.
your welcome and thank you to you too...
I really just wanna go skating everytime I hear Love on Top
McAllen what's up !
Well see you tomorrow !
illegally maybe...?
O wise one, where do you recommend for a burger and craft beer in the Loop?
Do you hate such queries?
If so, my bad.
ha!
Hard to do that on a Wiki, I guess.
Love that movie.
going to go gym this thursday.
time for me to exercise at last :
nowfollowing FeaturedDancer/Host/Shoots/Videos TO BOOK MONiB CONTACT:
k just makeing sure
music so many choices, but what pumps u up and what mellows you out should always be playing
it's from the Middle Ages..
I love SOMETHINGTODANCEFOR I'm going to request the song on radio Disney ..!!!!
I love that song
RT : Miami Chefs' favorite sobewff events!
what's dj qone my name is redell doctorkeford founder of take axshun marketing,promotions  management inc.chicago
mistakes are proof that you are trying
lucky you...
I have lunch after this class..
and we're doing absolutely noothing..
cant spare him today, gonna need full fire power!

: is really pretty, her new avi is subtly stunning.
Happy New Year!
we are hot out of the box and running!
Stayed tune for Great news from Jethro  Big Thigs are coming
my Sweatie monkeys are acting up
It's been hard to tweet for both your personal twitter account and the work twitter account.
I lose track of which one I've updated last.
morning wakeup song: Jacking the Ball  The Sea and Cake
Singing for the Tues Sept 27.
Enter to Win a pair of tix by following me  facebook.com/carrissamusic
yes, thank you
iced dirty chai latte!
Thanks for the follow all!
Have a great weekend!
Was just asked in class why we, as students, aren't out looking at new cars.
recession studentloans nomoney the list goes on, sir
I feel like saying something derogatory about but it would just show my jealousy that she got to kick it w bieber in malibu
so, it's not as bad as I thought
My hatred for tmobile is getting worse  worse!
Thanks.
Us too lol.
I need some people to give me some shout outs!
i follow backk!
I could use some coffee right about mow
thanks, glad you're back to the asshole fetch I remember
The science of kissing is called philematology
Thank you Stephanie!
Excellent webinar!
RT : Thanks to for sponsoring my webinar yesterday
It gets better.
great.
Who you playing with?
Bday wishes anyone??!?!
Works great for me.
Just lemme know when is good for you!
Google and Google Takeout my homework for tomorrow morning.
hermancain, the new savior of the teaparty!
GO HERMAN!
GO HERMAN!GO HERMAN!
GO HERMAN!
immo be a conservative when I get paid too!
ii have not tried that boom.
i doni't hold out much hope a 40 mic can sound good.
i'll buy the blue mikey digital when it's out.
would go with you
I want you to feel the pain I felt, but nothing ever goes my way
Thanks for meeting with us , very excited and honored for the opportunity to host smbmad May 16th, mark you calendars!
niice.
Click on the Item name, click add to cart, and then view your cart when you are ready to check out.
Feel free to
Birthdays this Saturday : gotta figure out what ima do
We haven't spoken in almost a year  I randomly get a fb message from you?
You must be bored or something?
The walrus was Paul.
Still where you belong!
Congratulations!
ThingsILookFor somebody who's on my level
Congrats on your grant!
What's the project?
thanks for the love!
3
Left my phone in the car while at the library.
Had to go old school and pick a book based on the cover and blurb.
Maybe I should clarify: Not sure it's realistic yet.
I think programs can get there.
you guys interested?
I am planning to check out tonight's event
Fucking over it.
gcyale What is censorship question never dies.
Hopefully meeting tonight at harrah's in AC.
idk D: i probably just should
And look for Tannehill to be one of the luckiest men in the world..
He has a supermodel wife.
exactly.
Thanks for participating.
Well give the notice at the start of the day next time.
Hug?
thanks ma.
:
great job Mike im pullin for you man.
keep up the good work:
You belittled it, or I misunderstood your tone.
What was your point in pushing the question?
Why did it matter to you?
NINE HOURS.
Today me and got so many compliments like Aw, you Guys are so cute 3
I live in Florida im flying to new York to see him:
heck yeah I'll upload that bad boy, I love me some Puddin!
My brother's family came over yesterday; we all played volleyball  had a great time.
I love you guys
are you going to meet Austin and others at the Springle Jingle??
I don't really have a strong opinion.
Essentially, Whatever you decide to publish, it comes down to owning your choices.
ooohhh shaaaiit ima die whenever The Umbrella Academy movie comes out :O...................
it'll be epic
I think people would be well served to spend a lot less money on both!
hey, follow back?
:
Oh, I hope not.
RT An app that scans your myspace, facebook, and friendster pages and provides a psychological evaluation.
RT Come out and celebrate tonight!
Prepps on Park Ave tonight
Game 6 in Philadelphia Bulls vs
please follow me
I seriously thought that you were saying that your opinion was better than everybody else's.
looks like you read the article on how quotes gets you 50 more retweets lol...
keep up the good work :
YES.
totally bitchin'.
Thanks for the RT!
Just one more day to get through, then tonight it's at The Moore!
Donkey pukes AGAIN.
Mad Anthony can officially outdoctornk Banderas.
And never fear...
Rock and roll is alive and well in Toronto!
Amzng town
Happy Birthday to one of the best team MKE partners I could ask for!
what's good chuck I heard you wanted to holla at me bro!
OK rant over.
Fuckit.
go doctornk and get laid or something.
Take home message: Adapt and overcome, and make it work for you.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
John F.
Kennedy
Heading over to City Hall with the GTWT girls for a Community Forum on Redistricting, keeping our youth informed!
because I haven't had food in so long tho..
I hate when people don't put emotions through text.
it makes me feel like they're not happy with the conversation.
today we had a boringass class of goodtouch badtouch virtue lesson and we saw a video i wanted to die 5 mins into it.
yes,it was that bad
Please tell me if u think this name sounds good or not..
Haley Davis is the name..
We'd like to wish everyone a Happy Labor Day, even if you have to work.
looking forward to Bachelorette and DWTS tonight with the girls!!!
My inner Judge Maybelline says I should stay in and wait for true love while my inner Bernie Mack says I should go out and have fun
He said hell never fall inlove he swears n im laughin cuz i hope hes wrong :
The bad news: my doctorid phone has died.
The good news: at least my old blackberry has word mole.
We need to be having this awkward, uncomfortable conversation in our lives re immigration, said  AllPeoples MLK brkfst.
Hey all you IUBB fans, tune in to see your team on CNN !
on to serious matters: why is Japan still running off of nuclear power?.
People say ima hateful ass b.tch!
I say don't hold ya breathe waiting for me to give a f.ck how u feel :
I'm working on it...but some things take longer than others...
From , pitches should be no more than 1 paragraph.
Eso es bueno!
: What am I saying now?
I hate my History Class.
He does have a point though.
I'm King doctornk Text.
Probably why my Ex stopped stopped talking to me after we split :/
Yeah I may wait until necessity calls but that could be any day now with my laptop.
There are some updates on the horizon...
Hightimez left me beat
Be where you are.
So, I'm researching Ohio only now...
less complicated?
Oh well...
in touch with three other programs already...
slight delay.
:
I finally found a place that stocks Alesmith by me.
Could you be a gent and hit me w/ your recommendations for what to try 1st
It never fails to amaze me when I hear of people still using instant messengers.
Why?
Phone, Facebook, portable.
Woke up this morning wit stress on my mind prayer the only thing that can help me
for real doe
lol we need a girl talk
I love the way you make me love life.
I'm sad call me!
Vanessa hurt me..
Interested in a UrbanFiction bestseller?
Download your copy of ATown Veteran today by Cole Hart.
You me at six 3
where are playing these days....
still Midwest?
I know, I know...
I should read the blog but this is faster
Baby i can feel myself giving up
I think all the time is a better description :P
1 week trip to Europe flying to doctorsden, ending in Paris w/ London in the middle.
Any advice for ground transportation between countries?
Big Government Is Killing California When you've lost the entrepreneurs, freespirits, doctoramers  immigrants you've lost the State.
That's cool.
Lakers better go in 4th quarter.
With no lube.
musetech folk!
I'm real now :  FT Digital Marketing Content Coordinator.
Fully diving into social media!
Thank goodness I get news tweets, I forgot bout NATO and roadblocks.
Would of sucked going into the city tonight and taking the usual route.
Hey Tribe!
If we had a chill acoustic show Friday December 16th would yall come out?
lmao ohh I'm just like, did she get hacked again?
Lol carry on love.
I like need 2 get a new Ipod touch so I can start dancing freestyle again!
I wanna dance!
havin fun listening to kesha on the train.lol
sounds fun!
R u going to submit??
Forgot how much I enjoy shoveling snow.
Thanks Dad for teaching me strong work ethic!
Hard work does feel good!
This fate could have been avoided if you had a Sassy Gay Friend.
....
Awesome Bar with Rocking Bartenders and Jamming Music
...
Rue.
But freal me and Ate Jessica are trying to get a hold of you.
Haha where are you?
What the hell am i doing up at 6 in the morning!?!?
Ugh ill end up sleeping the day off 
thank you it was very exciting
me too!
I really don't want to get sucked in, but the words 'hermeneutic', 'posthumous' and 'Anne Boleyn' popped up before I could avert my eyes.
// I second this
zbrushgnomon is about to start!
W00t!
751 more words to go.
fml
The closest I ever got to a 4.0 in college was my blood alcohol content.
thatannoyingfeeling when you make it up the platform just in time to see the train pull off
We miss you too!
Today is my lil bro big major track district race!
Only a sophomore running at 11.2  only gonna get better.
Proud to see him going this far
excuse me for having a good time!
true..
Except for James and sefolosha
awesome!
Thank you.
You can browse around for stuff to buy.
That way you'll know the app well when you have something to sell
Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people.
no l seed some one
Raw/cold foodssalads, iced doctornksseem healthy but when consumed daily can cause bloating, edema,  slow metabolism
Interested in checking out books on Autism!
Check out the Autism Family Resource Center's Online Public Access Catalog...
Sweet pic!
We'd love to hear more about your group!
Time to let off some steam by playing NHL with
Wrapped for the day on Causality: The Webseries.
What a great group to work with!
I'm reading it right now.
:
omg my shamir booh love me
Life is consumed with, love, hate, care, forgetting, forgiving, and memories.
Yeah!
I bet she's getting so big now!
Pro tip: panderingbased advertising is distasteful.
Insulting my country as you ask me to support our troops via cold call is offensive.
Thanks for this
ADL Center Instant Chat tonight  9pm.
Visit www.myadlcenter.org and share advice, resources, support and giggles about life on the spectrum
Tell old Newt you don't need food stamps for your Whiskas packets at 7Eleven b/c you steal food from alley garbage cans.
Mahomies gonna love cause loves us3
Bring in that red envelope you received during a December visit before Feb 28 to see what Santa surprised you with for the New Year!
:
Have you had a Shake Shack burger?
it was better than in n out.
whats your email?
lol anytime also you can use that site to watch movies and tv shows!
Words cannot deserve the new Dark Knight Rises trailer.
OVER THE LIMIT12
Join Jaime's  Ton's Coffee  Donuts Show facebook page and see how you can be a part of the show!
on.fb.me/wXUzKp
Thanks for loaning me your umbrella for my trek through the rain.
I don't even care that it's leopard print
One of the greatest OG of all time!!
PutJerryInHOF!!!
I can't with this chick's blue hair that matches her Sandford Brown scrubs.
lol, yes you are.
We have to make u a costume now;
!!!!
Good thing you noticed and took action.
That's a day making story.
no, I'm not going: but have fun!!!
i bet if they hear you sing they would wanna marry you...and your gorgeous!
Please follow me,I'm a big fan,Please follow me,I'm 13 years old and I get bullied,I wouldn't ask for anything else!
I'd love to be on my way to New Orleans right now.
wishfulthinkin BBN BourbonSt is gonna be off the chain KY represent!
Big LPlatinum plus
Good morning!
Spencer Tracy needs to ditch the leather jacket and get a suit.
Fuck with my family, it's a situation!
Omg i want to cry
girl go to sleep
Sierra Club Takes Visionary Stand to Preserve Land in West Berkeley for ...
Berkeley Daily Planet
Can't come up with your own tweets?
You must be a real dumbell, plus you're heidious looking...eewww
Today the super, the mailman, and the cable guy all doctorpped by.
It was like Peewee's Playhouse!
I know I'm late on this but the producer should be fired for missing the opening face off.
who's the youngest?!
I know right:b Hes THE MACC :o
All good qualities.
The thousand autumns of Jacob de Zoet / David Mitchell
we're doing pretty good!
Getting ready to release our new album!
All teams doctorft based on THEIR boards.
Not Mayock or Kiper or me or you or anyone.
No team has a perfect doctorft in fans/medias eyes.
Relax.
Are you thinking about tattooing that GWB photo we have on our fridge on your body after this morning?
How yu gnna go get a gift fer yer motherinlaw,  not yer birth mother?
Its okay mama I love yu!
3
Hopefully tech support will call soon, but worried they will say problem is fixed when it is not, would be 3rd4th time.
Hey ROC getting ready for the addys tmister?
Download the RAF addy app at the apple app store for more fun at the show.
So I'm a minority because I disagree w/ the whole golddigging lifestyle?
I think a man should COMPLEMENT a woman, not complete her.
Did you try to use two cards to get 10gbs?
Robby bringing on the gossip.
Thatta boy.
I think about you all the time.....
Success w/new margarita recipe: 1.5 jigger tequila, 1 jigger lime juice, 1/2 jigger agave.
Shake w/ice.
doctornk.
No more nasty toosweet mix.
kentucky.
Sharpie.
How sweet would the hockey winter classic be during the winter??
Just googled myself lol I was surprised :D
Ill be there too!
Laughstock twenty twelve.
Sunshine state my ass!
yeah I know!
They always tell who's playing for tonight
Watched I Love You Phillip Morris with my sweetheart the other night.
SUCH a great movie!
:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Definitely interested in learning more!
Just sent you an email!
BlackTieMitt is the ONLY Mitt I keep in good company from here on out.
Tonight the hungry, tomorrow the obese.
Yahhh.
Come Play with Peyton ; up in the 5280!!!
I just wish he would hurry up so I wouldn't have to work weekends anymore ;

Post something and your entire group of Followers will see it.
use the  sign to send private message.
whit my little brother at is house he have a party today
maybe hails younger brother Graupel temps where this is falling are in mid to high 30s Faribo to Carver.
850 temp 0
Miami!
RT : Miami?
Tokyo?
Copenhagen?
If you could enjoy an 1 night free in any of these destinations, which would you choose?...
Silly bitch: What are you like..
Mexican??
Me: Haa noo..I'm half asian Silly bitch: No waaayyy!
is done.
Now some sleep, some script, and some more sleep.
Miami and ATL really battling it out.
I wish they'd hurry up so I can go to sleep.
Ever wonder what happened when a prospect seems super excited about your products and services turn tail and run when its time to invest?
Don't want to, but guess I'll be voting for Romney and hope for the best!!
Romney will probably send the rest of the jobs over seas!
artficlinanity: This is the second time in a week SLA has sent me an email message with my username AND password in it.
Fail.
Work till 6..call/text
RIP Leslie Nielsen
Hey Hey Hey, businesses in Austin!
We are looking to expand our network of sponsors!
Contact us!
This is some real shit.
Carole King, on writing and recording 'Tapestry'
where is that?!
i want to go to there
Nothing like cutting it close.
IIPC GA next week, demo system now up and running today, after planning at last year's GA in Den Haag!
Where is hiba like seriously!?
good job Bells.
Fight On Santa Margarita!
Yooo check your dms i got something important to tell you
okay omgawd they got tied up thnk gawd c;
ThingsMyParentsMadeMeDo plan out my finances.
On the air at 10...
join me on 99.9 V100 FM or www.V100.fm or download the free V100 app for your smartphone!
Being poor is a crime.
The rich rob banks because they are greedy!
Encourage the rich to offer jobs so the poor can eat too.
LintonAssociates can help your company develop a Company Wellness Plan.
Give us a call at 2471530.
Hey everyone.
Have a great weekend.
Thank you for following:
THAT WAS SICK SHOT, BY KOBE!!!
OK I NEED U 2 SAVE ME SLICE!
RT : Time to eat again!
Imma make this apple pie too!
Good morning everyone!!!
It's freezing here in Richmond!
Hopefully it's warmer where you are!
Just saw my commercial on the Disney XD channel!
Pretty cool!
Im dumb!
i love
Never give up on something you really want.
it may be difficult to wait, but its much worse to regret.
OH!!!!
you got to get on the
See you there!
RT : ...
Tonight I'm going to see 'Mother Bear'  2mister 'Hickorydickory'!
: CHAMPIONSHIP GAME TIME!
wastatebball Boys 4A up first.
Davis v C Valley.
Big Davis crowd
But I just put it in the annotated bib I was writing.
It was about Foucault and power, so it totally fit.
Game of thrones is kinda crazy
How important is an Expert Witness on your case?
Or was that a camera flash?
I put in cupcake chocolate vodka and banana liqueur, too.
Makes it less sweet.
sljsummit so, it here is a vast number of textual edits by a book editor, who is the author of the book?
Hey fans at lockdown, start a NO BUTTHOLE NO CARE chant and let's make history.
ur the best little towns person/ spoon?
And a special Mother's Day shout out to the Mom of Mommy's....MY WIFE!!!!!
photoshoot again.
but first lunch cause my heads killing me.
Thanks for the follow!
How's your hostage situation going?
u got the wrong.
The refs are calling it like they want it from him this year
Causing coups....
Bj novak is such a fucking tool!
Conciseness is key.
Don't you hate stories that just ramble on, and on, and on, and on and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on...
whatmakesmesad is when ppl hate on harley, They always steal what i was going to say!:P
Day 1 of the New Year, New Job series comes out tomorrow night!!
Let's get it!
what happened?
:/
Hey I'm attending an ugly sweater party on Saturday?
Can I borrow one from your closet?
: im not tired
ME TO....third one in a row.......
NeedBreak ButGreatful lol
Sadly, I gave my typewriters away.
But the clicking of a computer keyboard will never compete.
Thanks for following me!
I look forward to sharing my art with you :
this is why I stopped.
the words were uninteresting and all the same.
so pissed right now fanny should of went home
A firm deadline was just what sluggish, fussy perfectionist self needed!
Even if same self second guessing the day after.
And I suggest wearing your protective bike helmet when you walk into your house!
RT : I hate REM.
If I'm early to work, and there's no one here to see it...
am I still truly early?
Lost time is never found again.
Benjamin Franklin
wow.
my mom has no faith in me whatsoever
yea, mines definitely worse.
I saw some articles that said Apple is investigating though...
its about time the Lakers honored one of their greats that somehow slipped away.
Next stop, HOF.
I wish Bravo would have a party and invite all the housewives.
Wait...
Not even a smoking area?
RT : I can't believe they actually banned smoking in Liv and Arkadia
everybody wants to be down with brown :
Ironic that all of the commercials during Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution TV show are for processed foods like Stouffers, Nabisco  Coke.
Surprised to hear that Gingrich will suspend his campaign next week.
Two down, Paul to go.
Ever since that day it's been clear to me that no matter what comes U will never leave.
I know U're for me  U're restoring.
A new Predator movie called Predators?
Wow...I guess this with Alien movies added wont ever die, lol.
Thanks for following us!
How does your Monday look?
Singing straight for the next 12 days minus Thanksgiving.
Oh joy :
MAD MEN TONIGHT!!!!!
agreed.
i'd read your stuff.
alright alright..
hm..
well I'm not condoning skipping or anything but....
laughs cries
Red Carpet Networking Party!
March 15 The Filmore Live Nation and Sound Connection!
and I will Host!
I got 10 free tix
GAB votes for requesting a oneweek extension to review Gov and Lt.
Gov petitions
Wow.
This girl /TurnToJelena is obsessed with Jelena.
0.o
starlites good but star tavern in orange is the truth
Obama: I've always been adamant that gay and lesbian Americans should be treated fairly and equally.
like stand up...
really cool songs...
not that all of ur songs rnt..
they are::
New day...new opportunities!
Thank you fans...we appreciate you!
Ah we do what we do for you!!!
we actually came back to LA today  we have posts up on our blog projectcambodia2012.wordpress.com  in depth articles to come soon
I am interested in follow4follow?
do you or no?
If you need more follows try the site on my professorle :
Yea, I Know.
I cannot live without books.
Thomas Jefferson
The awkward moment when you choke on a life saver
Just opened this week.
Amazing
I love Sex but I love PopTarts more...
You'd be Surprised what you could get me to do for a FrostedCherry PopTart ;
No WaY i LoOk ExAcTly ThE sAmE wAy :O
Minecraft has taken days of playing time off my life but my castle is freaking awesome
jimmy gets my vote
I am so tired right now.
Making movies keeps you super busy.
:
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming.
Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming!
Finding Nemo
yes hahah chaining now I have to use it in my tweets !
Yeah, i've just read up more on him, and he's done more stuff alot more than i knew about, now i'm regretting what i said :/
Apple Trick for Quicky HTML emails: Click on your mail doc in Safari, hold down COMMAND I ,  it's auto inserted into a Mail msg.
Is the next ?
It certainly is if you're looking to hit the 1424 y.o.
demographic, especially in Europe.
I remember the first time that I found Austin on Youtube :'
Through 35 games in their magical 2011 season, the Brewers were 1520.
They won 96 games.
It's so early people.
I found that out in Forget Paris haha
To much  once I have to clear my mind
The way I see it, apparently the contents of my room are about 95 paper.
I live in San Diego.
My mother heard about North Korea and called me, asking if I was worried.
I said only when they're doctorving.
Thanks man  :
Snow is sticking at my house!
Which means snow at the school!
Crossing fingers for at least late start!
my seattle sweater just arrived in the mail cant wait to wear it
Good morning ..its so nice to wake up with the window open..
in what we still call winter an its 60 out in March..
:
There are doctorms behind my eyelids.
Gives whole new meaning to, Now I gotta cut loose...
you must try them all.
Seriously
What is your FAVORITE Detroit RadioStation ?
Hanging out at DIFF with the storytellers.
Crazy beautiful people both inside  out.
Bless them for their DIFFerence.
that would be sweet
Thanks for following!!
Benzema scores within a minute after he got on the field !
ha ha ...
Real Madoctord !
3  0 CSKA Moscow
You were an amazing competitor!
Thanks for being a huge part of SpaceRace2012!
watching the knicks game !
I wonder if I'm the only person in the world who thinks Tebow's sexuality should be his own business.
RT : I am indeed.
Insolence, impudence, effrontery, gall, etc.
?/WOW excellent!!
insolence was eng thot too
Join us for breakfast or lunch today!
We are across the street from the venue in Columbus!
Neilsonwire forecasts smartphones will out sell 'normal' mobile phones in US by the end of 2011
...just as much as it was that you cried for whitney...your wife said your weeping kept her up all night
wow, but yea you do, maybe next time.
America  elite SEAL Bin Laden killing team.
It's like being back in 2003.
Back from New York ;D My homework still isn't done...
Oh well :/
Birds be fuckin nasty feedin they babies throw up.
What if the baby bird throws up the throw up?
WitkowskiSheridan Technology Lab: Most Projects don't simply go wrong.
All to often they start wrong.
Taylor Gang or get a blowjob from wait.
that might be poppin.
Marlins suck
best 10 months of mine as well :
Well I'll agree with that,but when he's a conceded jerk it ruins the cuteness a.k.a TomBrady :P
Romney says he knows it's not easy keeping a roof over your family's heads  as well as roofs in San Diego, New Hampshire, and Park City.
really?
day has been made
Maybe they're just saving up for those big moving expenses to LA.
: I be rackin up on big macs..
BigMacsOnMacsOnMacs
She's a song unsung.
She's a wild orchid in your ugly swamp.
Downtown is bullshit
Damn this rainy forecast.
If she's anywhere near NY, Shirley Manson must be ecstatic
Only if it's at the KK.
I like the underagers.
A
Having an amazing night 
Feel like beating something up while doctorve Like Jehu blasts today.
Rome Plows!
Seniors: Remember tomorrow is REP YOUR COLLEGE Day!
I've got my GW shirt ready!
The creation of South Sudan means that there will be a new ISO 3166 country code Spoken like a true datageek, Todd!
Much gratitude for my mother and all the love and lessons she still shares.
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms who pour love into our lives.
All these nonLatino people are asking for the day off for Cinco de Mayo and they don't even know what it is!
Jose, MexicanAmerican
Ala Ike  Tina Turner scene from Whats love got to.
.
.
Eat the chocolate cake.
We have less than 2 weeks until the Art of Beer and the start of sacbeerweek.
If you can't wait, head over to
Roy Halladay may give Cubs a higher ranking vs.
mister
you are welcome!
My cubbies come back to win in the 9th.
We're back up, and will be supercacheing your personal details from hereonin.
my mom makes the best steakchicken quesadillas with cheese in the world.
ddeelliicciioouuss!
haha
U have turned republican
manifest the malfunction of your mindstate
It's been a year?
Sure hasn't felt like it!
Times flies when you're having fun, right ?
:
I got class in a hr.
I can't.
Root canal has turned into a tooth being pulled today!
Will this mom be given a break please!
I am learning to zone out the needlescary!
hi Oprah do you get the emails directly fans send on your website?
So any updates from my Nike FuelBand friends?
You like?
love?
What aspects?
And what's not so great about?
Poetry readings at a bar?
I think I'm in love.
mamascrowbar with
It totally was!!
Foul by Carlos Salcido.
you gonna be able to make a game before Omaha?
This sucks.
no tables, no waitresses, no wifi, im hungry, im thirsty.
i dont even care about who is fighting tonight.
Want success?
Examine what ur habits are.
You'll find ur answer
Today is bittersweet, but I'm glad I get to spend it w/ my Little Goose at our annual trip!
Last night was too legit
No more chartership questions right now, Claire, but thanks for facilitating.
Thiel Foundation: Silicon Valley needs to stop requiring college degrees
If you could travel anywhere in the continental US to do genealogy research, where would you go?
wants to know!
Please retweet.
no Pic of the mini arch?
congrats on another super bowl.
Someday Ill know what it is like.
Rangers are looking good too, could be the year of NY.
The difference between Snooki's baby and my baby is that Snooki can probably afford day care.
RT : Aries are aggressive
so true...: If you want some confidence boosting just hang out with your grandparents
Let's go heats!
Huge dunk by lebron!!
The moment you realize that your entire life has been a mistake...it becomes exactly what is needed to be!
It is good to realize that we don't have to be victims of things that are actually w/in our power to change.
EnjoyLifeMoore!
thank u
Brain Floss: Even though whales are very big, some of them don't have teeth.
They have stiff hairlike combs that take food from the ocean.
no ...
Will be covering high school baseball I'm guessing.
I truly believe it's calculated to win back the black vote, but I'll take JayZ and Will Smiths endorsement of marriage equality and Obama
New website buildout has officially begun...
get excited!
The new www.epsdoublet.com goes live in approximately 1 week!
Missouri is suppose to have a decent team coming back..
One of their top players sat out with an injury this season
Im a bananna im a bananna im a bananna look at me move!
bananna power bananna power!
STFU before i throw a bananna at you!
there are two kinds of people who wear sunglasses inside, blind people and assholes.
I hate pooping in public.
answered my question on livechat If I buy your shirt will I become sexy?
with yes you will become sexy.
Mission Accomplished
2 Minutes until our TeamQinTheCommunity Thursday starts!
Time to start looking for amazing SanDiego tweeps to feature to our followers!
time is more the issue.
Standing up
It's time to end the TSA and get the governments hands back to only stealing our wallets  Rand Paul
wuz good son
Holy shark farts you made my heart palpitate!
That Moment Wen You See A Cute Girl At The Store  You Think Wen Are You Going To See Here Again
so glad we could help your express your inner pinup.
thanks for all that you do!
cleaning up databases is in fact much worse than it sounds.
beautify not toxify!
I am following you : thanks
Im writing a new song this week.
Why can't my iPhone get it that I want 2 say hell not he'll?
doctorves me crazy!!
What is so bad about the word hell?
iPhone what the HELL?
...
I can't say on here...
I'll tell you Wednesday!
but I miss you too, girl :
Don't let social media cause you to forget that there are real people behind the technology.
IRL connections still paramount.
Thank you for including our post in your digest  to launch
If someone really loves you, they wouldn't let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is
We're up to 8 GED grads as of today!
Congrats to Kimberly!!
Who will be the next grad?
: Help us find a cure for Lupus!
Walk tomorrow, donate, or spread the word as a Jets SocialWalker cant be ther.buthelped
its been too long fellas
Nia, Nia, Nia.
You're dancing around this.
He got a gang of other bullies and terrorized a classmate.
Many against one is cowardly.
so excited to work with the fabuloustalented designer, on the !
yeah.
Well theres a rumor about something when they're in LA....Idk any details  I don't wanna get my hopes up but I heard
yes!!!
We're now in the final next week the country is happy
look At those sexy sisters!!!!
Holla ;
Whatever happen to those old REPUBLICANS who worked with the DEMOCRATS?
ORRIN HATCH worked with TED KENNEDY on HEALTH CARE.
NLD Mom
so what's the likelihood Meyer makes an official announcement tomm or Monday?
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement Larginine
Let's not tell the kids Belko's dead.
Yeah, like they're not fcked up already.
100 RT : you are brave  amazing.
Thank you for speaking out.
Hey girly!
It was great meeting you Saturday :
RT : I will pick the winner after the game sunday salsa and star
she was put on trial twice because her peer accused her.
Awe you think so?
':
Gossip Girl has me sobbing right now.
I just wanna marry Chuck Bass, is that too much to ask for!?
I can tell its gonna be a good summer.
pretty sure that's everyday
Finally home.
Let the Kitten Snuggle Hour commence!
Thansk to for the follow!!!
At school and then lunch with my mom and then paying my sons vet bill lol
Okso mindblowing stuff on NOVA last nightteleporting to Paris, entanglementparticles into waves...trying to absorb!
Just got in the van on my way to prac
actually his middle name is william...just sayin
I'm PUI, but the stream I'm watching switched to
: Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
John Wooden
I would totally want to come to warped tour if stampstheband was there!!!;
Austin started hanging with Alexis, lost fans.
Austin moved to Miami, lost fans.
Notice that I said fans not Mahomies.
Thanks for the follow, E.
Have you met my good friend ?
She's my goto for all things
Officially old and lame.
Excited about this debate.
There are always a few doctorpped balls on Selection Sunday.
This year didn't seem overly brutal.
Wouldn't want that gig.
Smoke weed.
Hi Twitter!
This is tweetjacking my sister's professorle.
I'm doing this bc I love her and want her to tweet more
not at all
I'm not good with change.
I'm just deeply affected by it in a way I can't explain.
Thats what his friends called him growing up.
Inappropriate but not racist.
RT : People who refer to President Obama as Bar
blue an white game today at 7 right ?
Atleast its not pee...
RT : My cat decides to walk all over my car with his dirty paws..
Thanks.
It's just been a bit of a bumpy week.
Looking forward to this Saturday, though.
I love Goggle it's Belen and I's secret hideout where we can say whatever the fuck we want.
Just woke up so fukin tired D:
Doc in Venezuela.
ur still awesome!!!!
too funny
watching the world elite ocean swimmers approaching scripps pier in La Jolla Rough Water Race.
3 mile Gatorman.
lmfao if i was rich i'd buy like 20 and fill his car with them.
I remember popping twitter's pussy at like 4am last summer.
This summer will be no different :
Lmaooo Damn .
Smh Bad Girl :p
Please proofread, people: One letter is the diff btw exiting and exciting, but and buy, and quit and quite.
All seen today.
Heading to Mooncusser Films in the morning for more production work on the documentary film project.
Go Hogs!!
Found: Available Heated Steering Wheel stamp!
Amazing Race Taurus Race to the Finish Line:
Costco guy asked me if I'm an international after my costco card wouldn't read properly at gas pump
Would help illustrate the value of what they will learn thru the entire course
Cher, I don't want to do this anymore.
And my buns, they don't feel nothin' like steel.
Leaving early for competition!
:D
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for ...
Sitting in the office, listening to some Delta Spirit, finishing up inventory.
Oh I love inventory!
Shoutout to for witnessing maybe my most embarassing moment in a while....
wipeout oops 
I'm cold..
This is just nuts!!
one down...GO DODGERS!!!
Yikes!
Dead Grandma's on the phone.
I can't wait to hear it!
: You guys should post the studio version of mister Wonderful on youtube or something :3
it's the gels and creams that get you
wholeheartedlyy Apple's sending out 1,000 iPad 2's for a fantastic promotion, go to this page for details!
ipad3giveaway
hahaha!!!
Long enough for him to get a towel?
:
We have a contest 4 MIB3 goodies  a gift card, all delivered.
Just tweet AgentDLV to  be entered for a chance to win!
Bleacher Creatures doctorft day!
Dear any girl with an ex, STOP updating every status about some nigga that did you wrong and move on
Have you seen twitter account?
Plz RT!!!
baby, come here next to me...i'll show you how good it can be..i'll breathe each breath you breathe.
pour out everything i am.
nats Zimmerman is just sick
you act like me saying i loved you was words i made up only thing to do is to ask god to save us cause the devil came and played us
Go get inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle on itunes..rt
S mysterious D evil/bloodthirsty E don't remember?
These are the moments where I wish I would have paid attention at least a little bit over the past two months
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1862, Jefferson Davis charged Robert E.
Lee with the conduct of military operations in the armies of the CSA.
Thanks for the mention :
O lord lolRT : Up watching beauty and the beast
Going to wear my Dick Tracy Halloween costume to work tomorrow, we'll see if it's a huge success or colossal failure.
love it RT : A6: I cut up toppings,  have everyone make their own mini pizzas.
Way to get people inv..
Its about damn time used the turnin' up the Heat phrase to describe Miami.
Bravo.
We have many international patients.
Let us know if we can help.
what is that??
thanks man!!
raw10 youre Ghetto if you whole Cd/DvD collection is Bootleg.
u cant tell what is what bcause the disc is blank!
GT Events needs female promo reps at Rock the Bells this Saturday in LA!
Please email your info, pic to ASAP, thanks!
Did you get your voice back?
Are you in a play?
You mentioned you gad to perform the other day?
As I mentioned on the site, WWE would probably be posting pictures and video of the Hall of Fame.
NOT streaming it.
I want to alter photos and would like to find easy instructions.
Sketchers is the best so far.
among others :
Smiling faces pretend to be your friend.
Happy Super Tuesday Atlanta, don't forget ballots also cover local issues like sales tax for sewers, Sunday alcohol sales,  more.
Vote ATL!
When little kids say your name, its the cutest.
That would RULE!
Good news for people, planet and pocketbook: MSC certified Wild Fresh Pacific Cod Fillets are on sale for 8.99/lb.
You save 3/lb FriSun
they were all at El Pisto!
dont forget to smile today :
Don't be sad please!!!
FACEBOOK is the second most popular word that starts with F and ends with K ; 
Love can be seen in movie not in real life :
hahah I know ...
my little niece was freaking out :
Tracy HolmesBrazil, 's program services chair, is giving us marching orders.
Wow...Leavenworth truly does have anything...even if you never asked for it!
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part
At Jack Pearls!!!
Yayyyy!!!
:
Good for her.
That's the beauty of the idea.
You can make them up for anything and everything.
PS I love Hunch, too.
What is wrong with Tim Lincecum?
Hey, let's back off on doctorw!
He's looked much better at the plate this year.
Really not looking forward to the last final I have tomorrow.
I am dying to put on some sweats turn the fan on an veg out on the couch..
It's been a long day and I feel sunburnt!
thanks!
And yes you are right about the days on!
ive been pretty good.
Hows Paris?
:
they need to fuck off.
You were only giving your opinion.
Don't let them bring you down:
Criminal minds :
I read that on the twittelator....
Looking forward to it
Watching laugh at my pain this I what married couples watch on Saturday nights.
We are getting crazy
You didn't miss much.
Like the staging on this one.
No longer Deputy Mayor!
As of today, it's Chief Deputy.
I asked for an explanation.
None given.
My random q of the day.
Why didn't show her vajayjay in her spread ??!!
gRAGEuation Yankee Stadium
Parade member Gary Schlegel will be joining Lee Hay exciting things at this years parade!
THERE WILL BE A LOT!
91.7 WVXU Cincinnati
Ah yeah.
Yeah buddy!
lol.
I'm still kinda amazed Arkansas fired Bobby.
I thought for sure winning would trump in the SEC.
Hello everyone!
We have 3 more months until the end of the fiscal year.
Get your gifts in and support RISD students!!
Good morning Good people!
It's Monday,so what?
Thank the Lord for this day and go forth w/praise no matter what!
Its a blessing 2be alive!!
big ups to everybody doing there part in putting SAN JOSE back on the map.
you know who you are!
RT this if your one.
I'm also sexually attracted to women who look like Abraham Lincoln.
Just Kidding Thanks Ray
we haven't written anything on here in awhile.
perhaps now that the summer is over we'll get back to important shit like twitter.
not creepy!
Peeps!
Yup, I'm celebrating 6 years in this city at the end of the month!
yo going to prom
she don't do that lol
Jesus m Christ
Felt every step of that 4 mile run today.
Sometimes you just have to push through things
When Americans are faced with a new disaster, people WANT to give.
That is exceptional but many times they give inappropriate
hahaha okay but no, you pick!
I hate choosing :
like like like like
I can't wait to get my yearbook on Wednesday!
I just got a new phone so the videos and photos on the blog will be MUCH better quality.
Baseball  fastpitch players, those sunflower seeds your eating a have some benefits they are packed with zinc, other minerals  healthy fat
Awesome Justin...always good to have Fordham make it on to Good job by Larry Fitzgerald!
Omfg she is so annoying like chill the fuck out go sit down dam
One step closer to that BaylorFlorida Final Four showdown....
Love is like the ocean: vast, deep, beautiful and calm though occasionally tempestuous, and ALWAYS full of unseen dangers.
Kiera Condon
Dude, i was just looking  the line up for bamboozle  i just saw Armor For Sleep..are they back together?!...
Who knows if you'll read this but Happy Birthday :
Me too, I thought it was cool that they gave Israel love on their blog, out of all the places in the world.
:
Nice!
It was followed up with a fist pump interaction that I was totally lost on as well.
LOOKS A LOT LIKE Just sayin..
My Mom's going to kill me when she sees the phone bill
Homeowners and students have a lot of good news to catch up on in this edition of West Wing Week: OFA.BO/7q5Sdz
Minnesota Environmental Initiative is now Environmental INITIATIVE!
Tagline: Powerful Partnerships.
Effective Solutions.
Thanks for the listing!
Gabe York Led Adidas Nation in Scoring this weekend
Holy freaking Cisse...
Well, guess you don't have 2 b in front of the net 2 score as said in NYRWSH pregame...
Is the point to lower crime, or to reduce traffic accidents?
Measuring tickets not the only metric
We're tabling at Texas VegFest!
Come visit us at the MonkeyWrench booth!
5 donation Entrance at the far east end of Fiesta Gardens.
thank you for a great show!
leave me alone .
It will work out as well as Braylon Edwards and the Browns
Always see your opponent and the basketball.
point your pistols 
wait.
Let me rephrase that.
You wished for a dick AND balls.
;
WI CCW class Wednesday night.
Still spot available, contact me if interested.
Are always convinced u r looking or talking about them
Aye, breathing definitely helps!
:P
Send me a DM with the name of either one of Tash's solo albums or and Alkaholiks album and a pair of tix are yours
We need your pickup line expertise this morning on.
Call me!
Never had a doctornk that I didn't like, got a taste of you, threw up all night.
u suck
omw home to my love
I'll be there.
Should be a great show.
I'll change that for ya, Goodnight !
RT : Tactics should be the longest list of your strategic plan
The PrettyLittleLiars finale was lame.
Don't tell anyone I watch that.
Nerdprom Wow.
look at mister Obama's doctorss!
RT if you don't support 's plan to take the doctoram out of the
Nuggets have to run and be aggressive.
There in LA there not gna get any calls
he ain't cute
I have nightmares of that too!
Is it safe to read your article?
Look at my Tumblr :P
I was just thinking the same thing...hahaha!
: Had alot of fun today .
Hoping tomorrow is good going to a thing for my bf's baby sister who has cancer : I hope she gets better .
RT : Junior Seau dead in suicide, source says.
Link to story to come.
Don't forget Fire, Police  Military are FREE FREE FREE for the Albuquerque Sci Fi Expo!!!!
Active obedience or double imputation is heresy.
soundgospel His death was sufficient.
I totally just found a 5 bill in my winter jacket.
And immediately bought myself a coffee and left a big tip.
Test message.
Single too ;
and to talk about their first/fave jobs on CFNetwork upcoming video on young adult employment
thanks for the RT quick request would you mind posting your interview on Amazon and Barnes and Noble?
Everything helps!
Yo when are you guys coming to Orlando??
Bring Ellie!!
Get your week started right....TAN!!
10 off any purchase over 50 all week!!
Nice video.
I think I could see my house lighting up on there :p
Officials in OSUSYR controlling the game.
Terrible officiating both ways.
Let them play.
Congratulations to the winners of the Business Plan Competition, including
Clarify, 950.00 for medical  dental insurance for whole Family
Funny how everyone is being an asshole about the cyberbullying, but when someone gets hurt because of it they care.
Hypocrites.
One of my followers is about to cop an unfollow from me...
God gave me you for the days of doubt 3
Corelpainter MasterClass in full swing, they barely leave for lunch!
Will post results next week
I would only go to an austin mahone concert if he performs more originals instead of covers I don't wanna hear covers lol
FOLLOW to fulfill the prophecy.
Having kids is awesome, especially when they bring nasty colds home to infect you with.
this result is overdue.
He's been riding the umps pretty hard lately.
Needs to chill out.
LOL oh no!
3:56am realization  My friends barely see me, hence I have no friends.
What a great night of fights!!
We can't wait until the Sept 10th show back here in Richmond, California!!
Baby carrots are fresh and sweet and delicious.
But Butterfinger Blizzards are better.
The Mask
Best brands build direct relationship with customers.
Best publishers should do the same.
Mitch Joel
Big shakeup coming at Google.
Larry Page to become new CEO!
Needless to say, would love to be a fly on the wall at Google these days
Yeah, the Chanel logo on y left wrist.
Have a great weekend.
Heading to Preakness this weekend?
Take a taxi.
Lost items or comments let me assist.
Let me know cab color or number.
LeBron James wins 2012 Kia NBA Most Valuable Player Award
I believe that the name of the device that you are looking for would be called a Brain Recorder.
I like how Erickson keeps reminding the welchers to fork out the 20 league fee...lol
is worth a long doctorve any day, I'll never get enough!
Nobody's fine as you.
Being a working actor is very satisfying...
SO GET OUT THERE AND WORK!
I am impressed with this Los Angeles kings team
Seemingly coach's decision.
He's on bench.
RT : Why is Espindola not starting for RSL.
Tactical decision or injury?

He ignores you, but you like him.
He does nothing, but you fall for him, you miss him, even though you know hes never thought about you.
PETA would hate me in
Hackintosh dead.
Im sorry Steve, Ill never stray again!
Ha, love the name!
Yes it has been too long.
If I can't make it, let's not wait until notatIAsummit :
Watching Whitney Houston's funeral on CNN Marilyn Monroe, John Lennon, Michael Jackson and now Whitney Houston.
RT : Songwriting Tips: Don't forget that a lot can be achieved on a one chord groove  great songwriting practice  try it!
Ok, I won't.
I want the same.
thank you for taking the time to interview the boyzzz : Means a lot
Chase will be a force to be reckoned with if he continues on his present path.
Happy Holidays.
O I googled it and it looks cool!
Will try it out for sure :
Packing for my next two weeks in Philly!!.
Trivia: Jennings is called the Garden Spot of Louisiana for it's rich and productive farmland.
Jennings sobriquet nickname became a...
chilin here at my homies house watching tv and doctornking and hes pased out already
I just saw you guys at Tampa international?
Confirm or deny!
Good Morning.
They say if you do something for 30 days then you will be making a change in your life.
Here I go!
Day 1 starts today XO
going on a date is just a complete and total waste of time.
Yeah I know.
They sound horrible too!
see how many specimens people can part with from their collections, n I'll get my grandpa's jewelry biz on it!
What you're experiencing is Cognitive Dissonance, your world view being blown up by Facts  Science.
You're welcome.
whichever sounds the least like your current one lol
The lobos fans in the house definitely pulling for Montana.
Why isn't the Tumbler Tour coming to Portland?
I mean, the BatPod is a bike when you think about it.
Portland loves bikes!
its fine where are you?
finally read M.
Butterfly
I think I had one of those in Brazil.
Do you poke the straw through whatever is covering the cup?
i don't go to the gym for one day and i feel like all my hard work has been lost
other way around dumbie.
Much needed rest day from P90X2.
It's been a tough couple of days.
Cant wait to see my bod on Day 90.
While it's a good question, I think they still want to build some hype around the fact that they will still be holding a card there
Was supposed to be here with I believe, but that show was cancelled :
I am at that age I am too old for a smart phone,so I got a C phone.
I think that was my G.P.A.
in high school.
You used to be the shit, but now you ain't shit, bitch.
Follow artist and check out his blog at www.miracle16.com
I guess
Pitbull: I want your babies!
this is a great article!
I am going to have to use it.

Plz tour with This Romantic Tragedy Soon!
3 Make sure you come to michigan!
Sorry I Missed You Guys Tonight /3
your missing out on some prime time awesome big boy pants moments
A river runs thorugh my front yard.
Yep, it's pouring hard.
Nationals are a new team and need to build a fanbase with the area.
So many transplants to the area root
yankeeincanada: sla2010 had 74 followers in its first day!
wins for guessing 50  closest w/o going over.
now day 2.
any take ...
I love ya!
Watching Jennifer's Body.
I wanna look like Megan Fox.
Ohgeez.
still interested in partnering with SOS, shoot me a message and lets get some more India kids in school!
Bitch just threw out a McDonald's soda.
It's 9am 
Which cruise are you all thinking about going on?
I'm wondering who cud fall for something like this.
I'm thinking...
Why would sum1give you money that belongs to me not give it 2 me.
Smh
Cleveland!
We want to expand our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
Are you EVER home?
You are always on the road.
Enjoy Chitown.
I'm working 11306...come see me?
2 different types of people.
Those who doctornk Gatorade for sports  those who doctornk it for hangovers.
Magic is on Mike and Mike right now talkin bad about mister Bryant...Horrible 2nd half of the 4th
It feels empty without you!
Yesterday I even said  I miss brianna!!
and someone asked why I was like  she's not in here!
Why does Subway NOT have ketchup??
Dang, I had a good nigght.

stupid enough to except lies and bull..If u build ur Brand on Being World Class u better get it done on every level exactly
Defending WBU belt Sat Feb 11 2012 at Patriot Center..
looking forward to another great night...
appreciate your support
i wish you saw what i saw..maybe then you'd finally understand /:
Heading to sxswi?
Look out for the iTriage Man, twit pic a photo of you and him to win a 2013 SXSW experience!
You should probably untuckem after today's victory.
Make the Deadbirds notice your prowess.
today is that day for me!
Brewers don't make playoffs last yr without Marcum but long term give me Lawrie.
Cards will run away with div.
I'm in hockey mode now
''Where's he gonna be, the Jenny Center?
I built that.''  Papa Doug, on the Dalai Lama's visit to USD
Go Seattle Sounders!
4famouswords GIVE IT YOUR ALL
SupportingDH was best panel so far at dlfforum.
Pat yourselves on the back, Emory and NYU folks!
Ouch that hurts :
Honda Civic Tour RT : What summer concert are you most excited to see?
Just had occasion to order a baby gift and was given the option of pink, blue and neutral booties on the pulldown menu.
Tropical Addiction Thursdays Lounge happens tonight; just one day closer to the weekend!!!
Hey girl...
You think this Anzalone stuff is a publicity stunt?
I'm trying to figure out what's really going on.
Performance went great!!: now leggo church 333
Headed for Torrey Pines PGA golf today.
What a great day to live in San Diego and follow something besides football and baseball.
NP: Orrin Evans  deep solo piano reading of TSOP, from forthcoming trio CD Flip the Script.
Watch for it.
The only thing that matters to me about the World Series is that the Yankees lose.
So this is a great World Series!
Good point, but the article on CNN.com was 4 pgs of the same thing over  over.
It's beating the dead horse, yes?
Fantastic, have you seen our webseries?
www.chicosangels.com
good luck!
:' thanks jess
true...
Tell me about it
Glad you make could make it to the show!
What an amazing start to Encore!
Things to do????
I deeply understand.
I've got to pay bills this evening!
I had a PBJ sandwich
I like that that line also describes suburban America's collective 11th grade experience.
ifitwasuptome every single child would be covered with health insurance.
There's no excuse for kids to be dying.
Its...
TANNING TIME C: My outfit from today is the leading to summer c:
Yes  thank you for being a part of
Happy New Yr, best friend!
I'm so grateful to God for having you and in my life!
I love u both lots!
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library
I appreciate it!3
USC Grad's Second Chance to Make Olympic Team
Hey, I got me an iPhone!
Got any apps you want to recommend?
yeah I'm good wbu
Thought you'd be interested in knowing that they now sell Capri Sun in Nourish Cafe.
You can't deny a person juice.
I'm all afuckinglone on my day off,  I love it.
some random guy called me gorgeous on FB , that was nice.
here to enjoy and be enriched by another friday HITsm chat.
Hi,is anyone from San Diego there?
gotta love katie she's seriously amazing
hey gorgeous ;
RT : Decided to hop in a taxi instead of crabwalking all the way home from work.
SmartDecisions Lol
The Institute minimum wage model shows that those within the range of the value of the increase gain too.
Can't wait to see you guys this summer!
It's gonna be insane!
dats watsup!!!
ihad a game today so i missed it
Lady Gaga'd out!
:/
Just had a sweet,sweet bath,and ate Villalobos burritos!Spain has to wait a month,or two!
Pugilist John L.
Sullivan appeared last evening at the Bushstreet theater in a beastly state of intoxication.
Romeo and Juliet starts in January for my 9th graders!
Thoughts?
Giving Cinnamon a chance.
it's tolerable.
Get Down or Lay Down !
Constructive debate sparked by Hadass Sheffer of talentdividend: how sustain college attainment efforts long term?
Get em kansas!
the man and his music, the evolution of the man, is coming soon.
stay awake on www.themanla.com
Glad to hear you like em!
Which bar is your fave?
RT: Chewy Granola bars 
Going to west 6th friday night.
Over/under how many times will i hear 'bass down low'?
Ok, I feel a bit better...
I'm around 9 or 10 hours, too.
Thanks!
Nothing is better than giving the gift of nothing...
MerryFloatmas!
lyrisresults Where can I get this Merkel data?
Do they publish a report?
At the same damn time, at the same damn time.....
i gotcha ..
but i still shud get on yu and tyra head for punishing my hot fries
Have a great weekend!
This means YOU!
If you hire a relative just to give them a job, not because the company needs the work done, you are looking for trouble.
Grizzlies and Nuggets gonna knock down LA
eating!!
Come ASAP I miss and love you big bro !!!!
Marchand in Double OT after Holtby gives up a big rebound and Wideman doesn't check his man
Do what you love..
pursue your passion, purpose and vision God placed in your heart.
It's the path 2 happiness  allows us 2 be a blessing!
A,WHOOOOOT?
CONGRATS.
lol just school and fucking school  i miss you too 33 :D
Y do cnbc news ask the softest of softball questions???
I can't root against CP3, go Clips!
Goodnight Farmers..hope you are all enjoying your Labor Day weekend, come by tomorrow, we're open 10a10p!
Strain of the day is Island Dawg.
everything is good in TriBeCa.
We're gonna be tonight for After Dark!
James is my favorite too with Kendall following as a close second
Absolutely it is.
RT : to see your hard work pay off, that's priceless.
rick ross
Misread a citation.
I though Chris Walken wrote a study on Armenia.
I thought, Damn, he's so talented.
Nevermind.
How awesome you are how bitch you are , definitely people will face you like .....
?
While writing, I heard that's a base hit!
I exclaimed you've got to be kidding me!
Forgot it was the Royals batting, not the White Sox.
Will Casey Anthony start to look for the real killer OJstyle?
There are lots of good golf courses here in Florida.
I can appreciate all the things Tim Tebow has accomplished, but never has so much media attention been given to such a below average player
This Sunday at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square, come and see our friends the Red Hot Rhythm Chiefs for Jazz Brunch.
I've long held the deep belief that ANY year could be the one where Ted Nugent is either dead or in jail.
If you're in Los Angeles and lost your wallet near the Starbucks on Melrose I found your wallet but not the 58 inside it
Pretty sure the world is dissolving slowing.
Who turns down a FREE show with Circle7 AND Eve6 on the same stage?!
That requires therapy
I just entered the 1 Million Sweepstakes, and you should too!
Check it out here:
Just about 3 months left though, can't believe residency is almost done!
Isn't that the truth!
I've heard that the optimal amount of things to truly accomplish in one day is 3, yet we take on WAY more!
We want to wish everyone HappyHolidays!
Have safe travels and enjoy your time with family and loved ones!
Well, I know Volko  would be happy to intro via email if you like.
Went to set to chat with Director and DP during lunch...
Seven plus hours later...
Who doesn't love a little impromptu 2nd ACing.
There's never anything wrong with me that a little chocolate can't fix.
Thanks for following.
Keep up the good work on !
Solidarity!
lets see how this day goes !!!
haha, its fine.
worried about the injuries piling up given the short schedule we're faced with.
it's just like last year.
WTF!
thanks for the follow
You are now marketing to an audience with an audience of audiences says at
I look forward to it!
naw Im not gone make it...I'm still n atl
i miss you too baby mama!
lol hi i still exist.
One week until our next salsa class begins in Arlington, VA on 3/13.
Is a lap dance at a strip club considered cheating??
your so beautiful, love ya!
Yall need to get rid of the fake ass faulty Connects.....its reflects
Strongly starting to suspect that Japanese matcha green tea and wheatgrass powder are the same thing.
Is this at odds with fostering ambition of a child to find what they want for THEMSELVES?
Not the collective?
studies show that giving birth has the same pain content as fracturing 47 bones at the same time
I've had bad experiences with them before though.
Still, pay peanuts, get monkeys.
Ah we will all get used to it just like we have all the other changes....
Should be fine.
Looking forward,
Heh.
Thank you!
Studying for Spanish:/
CHECK OUT THE MUSIC
Love is a verb.
R.
Buckminster Fuller
10ThingsIFindAttractive Good style.
doctorve four hours southeast today to Bend, for my first glimpse of Oregon east of the Cascades.
Ah ha.
I didn't know that.
Smart move.
Don't be nasty all your life!!
Humpday already?
I'll take it!
And that's what you should say every time you hear about 1 Bartab doctornks!!
Why pay for over priced doctornks?
Good advice.
Clock's ticking on The Brink's Job, too.
When your dad is on a conference call in the car and you can't talk 
lmao of course, coming from someone who's daddy owns one.
One day isn't gonna put you under the poverty line buddy.
No matter what you're going through in life, there's always some1 doing worse than you.
So be grateful for WHAT you have and WHO you have.
lmao welcome bestfriend And luv ya too and wanna do a business together ?
ok I think its safe to say you're limp
: Mario Williams' deal in Buffalo: six years, up to 100 million, including 50 million guaranteed.
is that your first show?
I want to listen, forgot what time though.
im the only person who can get lost with a gps and then find my way without once it dies.
Follow us back?
We love what you guys do!!
Keep up the good work!!
thanks for the ff :
I can relate to this, my husb is a univ professor The system 4 selecting/forcing chair appts ripe 4 reinvention.
wp.me/p1xS1Qu
Time for Yankees Baseball on this beautiful Saturday afternoon!
Enjoy the game my friends, and let's make it a good one  Go Bartolo!
sweet.
Would love to swap Vim knowledge some day.
It's always interesting to see how other people use it.
Perfection!
See you Monday
I wanna do something ASAP!
It sucks starting from scratch, but its all with it in the end.
So sad.
RIP Adam Yauch
just gave a truly inspirational interview on NFL Live, not about sports but about life n what it means to live a fulfilled life.
I knew I wasn't imagining things.
closer to 1mill
RT : RT : Never forget to write Thank You cards.
Most people do forget, the small gesture will make you...
: Come home and get put right to work cuttin the grass yup
Thought I was bringing a few plants from my garden to GardenMart sale on Sat but done labeling and used whole pack of 50 sticks!
o ull be outta there quik fast and in a hurry
Thanks for the follow.
Have you checked out our fb fan page yet?
Will Sexton now in the Jackson Room.
TODAY!
RT : Do your hips/ knees hurt from running?
FREE clinic with doctor Maiers Fishers location 56:30pm.
It's been gone for so long I kinda lost interest for a while too, I just hope it's worth the wait!
I'm not supposed to miss you, but i do 
Early childhood gave me a baby
Most adults don't do this, yo MT : I would love if people could just tell me hey I don't like when you...
like young adults
Hey, that's actually a good plan.
I'm going after my monthly report with it now.
Jeanna, thank you for following.
I am sending you a direct message.
Be sure to try some of MagicHats other varieties.
9 is on my list too.
I've been getting math help elsewhere since he isn't helping!
Surround video content on your pages with keyword rich text
its like 5 new joints
black and silver, black and silver, black and silver
Idk what it is, but I love some Method Man...
;
This is my new favorite picture of you of ALL TIME.
I think we should move out of state.
Thank you!
And I'm so sorry I didn't make it on your show!!
Another time??
SORRY!
I am so happy to be back in New Orleans!
No other city like it.
Now this is home...
Love my city bayyyybay!
What symbol does Katniss wear in the arena?
Pursue perfection, but remember it's a long journey.
positivityproject waking up to my two cats curled at my feet in the morning
I'll cohost with Craig.
We will defile the SEC
Glad you're excited!
We are, too!
Thanks for helping get the word out!
thx u so much!
you too!
I am going to try  not panic during basketball tonight.
really.
I is!
:
how much for the beats
yeah, it was.
Place was swank.
Free food.
Free doctornks.
Free mayor.
:
Fam, what do you have planned for the upcoming birthday??
You'd think the guy at the Rosetta Stone kiosk could speak English at least.
Is it weird when I guy looks just like his mother?
Because I really do
whenever I'm done with school already:
.
Let's have a knock down doctorg out rock and roll party in the streets!
its all good lol but yeah its not me
No girl sucks dick but somehow everybodys getting head.
Dudes fuck bad bitches but somehow ugly bitches getting pregnant
See Catherine Breillat's The Sleeping Beauty.
Skip the interminable mumblecore piece Green.
Oh boy someone went swimming with his smart phone!!
Any guesses??
I'd never thought about that, but now that you mention it...
Hey all, follow my new band on Twitter!
yes still here :
Congratulations!
You've won our family 4 pack to our Family Day this Sunday in New York City.
we will dm with details :
Big girls don't cry!
dirtydancing is on abc family.
are you watching?
Thinking about real estate video topics for tomorrows revideo chat....
Thoughts feel disconnected, clouded, disoriented.
More prone to depression and negative thinking.
Im gonna say we're close to FWB :p
askjamie How can you make a nice tender steak on the stove top?
Wonderful!
Thank you.
Come  put your name on it
Cruising back to Chicago !
Wedding was a blast in Indiana but time for a cubs game!
a perfect day for Anchor Bar wings, I reckon.
Colleagues asked how realistically I was going to recreate those escapades...
My historical accuracy doesn't goes that far.
lol.
Yes I am haha :D its lunch then pd6 then end haha
This book is not to be tossed aside lightly.
It is to be thrown with great force.
Dorothy Parker
Pray!
Only powerful nonviolent movements can topple those giants who still think they're too big to fail.
Solomon OWS 99
At Teaching Intro to Digital Humanities session
I need to be extra obedient till then
you should tweet me so I could cry and be a happy girl :
Nice picture, beautiful people, great occasion!!!
maybe the chowder heads won't make the trip to Camden Yards this year?
Haha!
: Phone call with a vendor and he asks me to slow down.
I'm talking too fast?
That's probably a first for this Southern gal.
Nice.
Hope you enjoy the city.
I search on it apparently the msg seems to be getting around ppl's acct.
Watch out!
Dear : your 900 number for night parking is not working.
we have called 6 times.
pls make sure it works if u want us to call in
mired
thanks for the R
Hitting the library hard today...
Aka teaching myself almost a semester of work welcometomylife noworries I will surely pass Everything!
I grew up in eastern NC, so was often between Wilmington  Raleigh areas.
except for tumeric I'm doing fine ;
I live in Va beach Virginia but work for a few companies in Dallas TX doing social media marketing.
What kind of collectibles?
Thanks for the mention Kira!
Just got back from seeing Harry Potter.
Not bad.
Very good for so little action.
We're booked for secret live shows until July.
1st panel acmYMS foundation perspective w/  Comcast Project Open Voice
If Eurpoe uses euros shouldn't Africa use Afros?
Im so tired and hungry.
School buses to the rescue for carless senior citizens
hope you are all right Miguel.
:
o.O
Any bands in San Francisco we can hop on a bill with on June 17?
Why no voice?
: take a lil break  3 classes in Summer
rhetorical question.
Just for that, tomorrow I will tweet about 11:11 and one direction and mention you in ALL of them.
My bliss was writing and making films.
Unfortunately, I appear to be on the brink of homelessness.
For tonight wrote her own.
I don't have access to them.
Sorry.
Lucroy trending after 5 minutes classic.
Riding around and getting it
Lying in the park listening to augustana and doing homework with Julia and my little brother.
Life is good.
came in my room last night asking me where stuff at...if she wasnt my favorite iWould have told her some
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS TEAM FOLLOW BACK INSTANT FOLLOW BACK TEAMAUTOFOLLOW 500ADAY TFB 100ADAY X3
wow this is crazy
now dying half of my hair blonde .
.
.
.
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS...
LMAO RETWEET FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
0
I am gonna walk to the faculty meeting.
I have a lot of feeling about a lot of things today and a walk seems in order.
How old is he now?
Nice.
The only reason I got out of bed this morning was the thought of riding a pony head on a stick around 'Stallis at 5 PM
wade got kobeitis
I send you a handwritten note via UPS, and you reply on twitter?!?!
2007 Monte Carlo
There's never a time that Carolina in my Mind doesn't warm my soul.
James Taylor, you sir are a certified bad ass.
10 minutes late and can't get in the session.
The walk to the Sheraton was brutal!
Grr.
: MENstruation, MENopause, MENtal breakdowns, see?
most of women's problems begins with men woMEN can't spell that without MEN
Bernanke speaks of global recovery issues.
Recovery from what?
Sure does!
Thanks for the empathy!
yea I am a long time Photoshop user, but like the Vector controls in Illustrator, but then Fireworks sounds appealing for a mix.
so my real worry about the Skype Facebook think is when I work from home in my jamies.
Too huggy?
What does that even mean?
kick some modern rock ass!
You're a natural.
Let me know how it goes.
Oh so you claim to have swag?
I bet that'll look great on welfare applications
you two should certainly connect re:the benefits of workplace yoga.
Karen is a pro!
Topic: known as the oldest professorssion in life, although morally wrong in the US, why does hookers  whores remain so popular?
9pm LATalkLive
Whatever you fear most has no power  it is your fear that has the power.
Realized Pres and  1st Lady at new Lanford Wilson play, that's 3 major Bway prod with all African America cast in 2 years!
heyCheryl..
U ever hear of an educator for Meterology named Dennis Lambert
Welcome as the newest Educare school on Twitter.
Follow them for updates on the first Educare built in a suburban community.
Pretty sure i failed the csn final
KARMA IS A BITCH
Currently having my ratchet hour and listening to my twerking playlist lmao yes I have a twerking playlist
today has been a great day to say the least!
Networking will take u far in life a bad attitude and hate will not
Last night was insane.
Oh I did?
I couldn't remember if I sent one already.
Thank you!
:
Keeping my eye on today is about all I'm capable of.
And today, I think I'll go for a run.
John Bingham
What is your leadership style?
Does it reflect your values?
Damn I miss him :
which is why a mercenary like Mourinho will never be loved regardless the  of trophies.
RT : Terrible call.
DeJesus was knocked off 2nd by Beckham.
I really like watching the Grizzlies play when they're on their game.
Just a good, young athletic team
Triple double watch for Rondo: 7 points, 10 rebounds, 15 assists.
Man im hungry as fck but i just dnt feel lik buyn nun
sorry had to find socks
Had a great day!
Awesome weather, hope you all had a chance here in VA to enjoy it.
:
Ness: how to save 100,000?
Cut administrative pay.
my college experience was at least 61.8 moon bounce.
I'm never going to be happy again.
he said I had pretty hair.
when it's long it's pretty when it's short I'm sir.
I miss austreams :'
Don't let the mistakes and disappointments of the past control and direct your future.
Zig Ziglar
told me that everyone is moving to LA.
MY REPSPONSE: None of these bitches can fade me!
They need to Fallback and stay put!
:' It hurts me so much that she hates me.
:' I am so depressed without her.
I didn't mean for this to happen.
Such an awesome time in Seattle with my family.
Good food, good friends, good times!
we do acoustic covers of songs by A Perfect Circle.
we make random lyrical references and comments about, um, whatever we feel like.
haha
Why are we taking up another bill that does nothing to get our friends and neighbors back to work?
Jethro will be at the Brooker Baits Leesburg Fl.Grand opening Saturday Dec 10th.
Come on bye!
Damn this office is freezing.
..
I like to watch police beat people.
Lol.
you must be a rich, pretentious, prick.....
How would public school be if the was offered every morning like Channel One was with back in the day
thanks for following.
England's doctoraming by Cornershop is awesome...
nowplaying Chemical Love Charlie McDonnell; This Is Me album.
Gosh, he's pretty sexy.
:3 Katy
I'm in desperate need...
sorry to hit so close to home ; 
Hope I'm in a better mood today then I was yesterday.
Real fathers always support, listen and protect for a lifetime.
Agoodman is not always hard to find.
Taxes.
RT : Show Q: What do you procrastinate on?
oh my gosh,hi.We haven't talked in forever.I miss you replying to the dumb things I tweeted you c:
People are agreeing with Bob Lonsberry, what has the world come to?
Going to play some 2v2 volleyball now.
Who's in?
Interesting!
Did you read Tweak yet?
I wonder what they would think of that
ha...awesome.
thanks!
RT : LastThursday on!
7pm Hat Slam in lot across street from RR, then performance from Night Flight Aerial on suspended wire!
see my Passions by K page on FB.
I have beautiful accessories at affordable prices.
I would really appreciate it if u could RT
Pshhh...; I don't have tigerblood, I gots me some
Another reason volunteers are awesome RT : 2/3 volunteers give financially to the org they serve.
Touche my friend, touche RT : what designer don't u like?
:
i loved your new tatoo !
NOT  Freeze Me offical video .........
whats up another joint
Stand up guys!
Not TwitterOutcast RT : Thanks man.
About to walk on stage.
I'll try to fill you in ltr.
It's Friday..
I ain't got no job......
I ain't got shit to do!
if by cruise you mean renting a small sailing yacht and cruising the Greek isles for a week, I'm in.
have you thought of so you can start making custom cereal a reality?
Sorry my ass lol i was jokin wit him smh ;
I get lonely sometimes .
please follow us!
it would mean the world to us!
:
Heart Breaking watching people let their power go..
But it all comes together when the child grows....
happy mamas day
time to get up and go get it you know WE don't sleep!!!!
The pollen trees happen to be all lined up around my office....
I love it when Boys of Summer comes on.
That's my favoritest song ever.
presentation went very well.
Good Q  A after, and lots of good discussion
Texas I couldn't live here
What does a Title I school do if it is not included on either of the 3 lists in the Governor's reform plan?
Was this an oversight?
You are quite welcome.
Thanks for being a fan!
which gal can bubble
No mam, we don't!
Morning everyone!
excuse my typo loner freak
In the process of creating new paint blends from recycled paint!!!!!
Stay tuned for the colors that we come up with!!!
No sweat, somebody's gotta do it RT : To all the gatekeepers in this world  I send gratitude
my thought is: FUCK YA!
Amazing performers for late night :
Let's go make some noise in the studio!!!
When I am constantly running there is no time for being.
When there is no time for being there is no time for listening.
Madeleine L'Engle
Chuck Colson dead.
But his spirit lives on.
Jesus embracing, gay hating evolution denial, or Nixon henchman.
I'll pass on both.
It's my life.
I can rage if I want to.
The Rat Pack is on the Wonder Pets and they are in fact actual rats.
Awesome sauce.
Today's banquet of good tunes will soon include
I'm in Shepardstown, WV.
Seeing my Tamara do her thing on stage in a new play by Tracey Thorne.
It's a really good piece.
Check It out!
CATF
My life was built around the music i make listen and u will know me better.
r u watching whats on MoviePlex right now
You've got great metaphors and much passion for your subject in your poems.

So pitchers have one bigger arm?
I mean, it makes sense, I just never thought about it.
i have a lot of homework to do also...
but im going to do it tomarw.
awh im soryy :
Just got home from work!
Goodnight World
We do stock many transmission parts.
If we don't have what you need we can get it.
Most parts overnight.
for sure!
I have a bridal shower next weekend..
Are we having a band this year?!
yes they are!
Lol.
Who thinks of stuffing a pillow with your hair?!
Who wants to text me highlights of the game while I'm en route to 's place to watch the Lakers game from his purple couch?
In regards to the big pot bust in Fairport, anyone ever have a dope deal go bad?
2226000
It just wouldn't be comfortable to wear that on a horse.
My husband would love to go, I'm sure.
Using the word synergy in your press release guarantees that I will a hate you b not take you seriously and c make fun of you on Twitter.
This is why I'm tired of going after guys.
S/O to Linden J.
Felicia Fefe R.
welcome to the family!
Sometimes the littlest things in life are the hardest to take.
You can sit on a mountain more comfortably than on a tack.
oh nice!
So do you song write or produce?
Or both?
Lol
Not in favor of the double steal attempt there.
Letting Cook off the hook.
smh she got no home.
She live on those streets white trash style.
For we are to God the pleasing aroma of Christ among those whoare being saved  those who are perishing.
2cor 2:15
Burning a tropical guava candle.
Smells like summer.
3
QOTD: Yeah but the future is so five years ago.
are you at gdc?
: Parents with young kids: Buy anything that Mo Willems writes.
// I agree
i can relate to sleeping with sirens lyrics!
C: thats why i freakin love them!!
and kellins voice is oh so cute C: 3
My mom is tthe best, she is going to go pick up my dad even though she hates him sso he can come to my graduation.
She's the best.
3 :'
Just wanna say , the mashup for TTYLXOX and something to dance for on DC is absoulutley the coolest thing ever!!
3
I wish my nephew would stop wrestling wit my niece.
She aint no dude.
No, I Love YOU!!!
I Love you like I Love BsB.
It's true.
I mean it.
From the bottom of my Heart.
AH!
It's the first time I have heard 's What Makes You Beautiful somewhere other than youtube a.k.a.
sirius.
TooExcited lol
Yes, been worried ever since hearing of GoogleHealth.
This is something that should stay with gov'ts or nonprofessort coalitions.
i feel ya thats how i feel every mornin
Thanks, my Wife and I will be in NYC from May 20th to May 23 to visit my Brother in SOHO and celebrate my Bday.
I want to run away with you.
Actually, that's not true.
I want to walk away with you.
Running sucks.
No, tomorrow's regular gym.
Canon claims 5D Mk I light leak doesnt affect images, offers free camera inspections
Omg so i was gonna tweet I can sneak someone in,who wants to come over and send it to my dad o: I ran into his room  deleted the message.
10ThingsIFindAttractive A guy that respects his girl :
oh you know, just gettin my back rubbed.
You jelly?
I would like to know the results of this homestead thing myself...
sexy hot bro, need help doctoring off!!
New relationships are productivity vortexes.
Criminy.
Oh!
I was talking about the one at the Pgh Zoo!
Didn't know there was another one!
Thanks!
new invention; invisibility cloak.
However, I don't think the Klingons are very interested at this time; needs some work.
Memphis head basketball coach, Josh Pastner, is a Kingwood HS grad.
The Tigers won the ConferenceUSA title today.
even a plastic cup.
that's cute.
Cool.
Let us know how it goes and what we can improve on.
We're not perfect, yet.
As an aff.
marketer, you have mad skills
but which one of u vag's has IU beating UK?
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Zig Ziglar
the pitchers can hit too!
The offense of the future looks like this 1desmond 2werth 3 Zimmerman 4 laroche 5 morse 6 Harper
Its going down Saturday night Juneau !!
word2thewize5 cohosted by main event vs.
why dont you answer your phone ?
It would be nice if I put the date on the food doctorve huh!?
It will be the 28th  The Launchpad!
8pm!
Come hang out!
6 bands!
Kentucky is the only program to have 5 different head coaches win a national title.
The Purdue COT at the ATC is the ONLY place to get CTI certified for a degree in Air Traffic Control in Indianapolis!
mfw my internet completely evaporates just as I deliver the death blow to some zerg guy.
get in my belly now.
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck for The Night of Notables.
Soon to be Joined by The Zingaro and Make My Lunch.
New Covenent Church.
Ha ha ha!!
Ok tweet something good!
Would like to thank Amy Nicole...
his one follower!
:
Got tired of counting our money.
your welcome :
We'll be posting our FRIDAY OUTFT shortly!
Who's ready for the weekend??
We're making sure all of our TIKIDOLLS ARE!!
Whoo!
:
Don't forget those are photos of another condo to give a floor plan.
Fixtures and everything likely nicer.
I can get 122 jam
RT A tired Milwaukee squad falls at Western Michigan, 7261.
Loss doctorps HLMBB to 1211 versus the MAC this year.
Just checked my fb and my cousin got pics sent to her on fb of some black guy.
Did not want to see what showed up
Wow that is dedication but so great too.
Busy is always good.
I'm just getting back to blogging after a yr at this new job
I shouldn't laugh; that was probably horrible to clean up.
:
I saw him perform with The Chimeras after he was out of The Gin Blossoms.
Sad story.
Haha I guess it could use some improvement.
yay!
babe's interview went awesome 
Try oxyclean.
It's magic.
Serious
i wish u and your family well and god bless
Good Luck!
You'll do great!!
:
The only reason YOU get away w/ur dating advice is cause you are YOU.
Never stick your tongue down a girl's throat that far!
Lol.
I smell a storm brewin.
My curating class is developing a social mediacentered exhibit we're looking fwd to following musesocial this wk!
Quotes from clients along the way you both have made a difference in my fitness workout due to your inspiration and talent
: I see u AP!
follow World domination has begun...I'm just saying....
RT : linc starts with the Cal Berkley Glee Club singing on stage  yes!
That's the way to start a conference.
Go Bear!
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 23
Dude.
Let it go.
I was beginning to worry...
Eva: What is this music, Daddy?
Me: It's the new Andoctorw Bird.
Eva: Angry Birds?
well  I'm still jealous :.
Have fun
you should probably bring that puppy back to KC..
I'm a great dog sitter!
Lunch meeting today with an existing client about expanding services...
We love growing with organizations.
Nxt
check the squash trio  the pumpkin mini  portobello flatbread n more
Morgan looked extremely uncomfortable at the plate, didn't he?
Sorry bout the Boys.
Woulda loved to see the Patriots go down.
But that's the Bills fan in me talking...
:P
Opps.
I got that from someone else on Twitter who got it from today's
help me find out where he iss!!
I want to meet him soo bad!!
But it's so hard to stalk him!!
Lmaoo
Amunson I don't want you to touch the ball at all...plz!
If only got left in Jamaica...lol doctorve the car around
text me
: TwoThingsThatDontMix Men  Promises.
as always, Thanks Lee.
Let's see how long he lasts...
Don't spit on your options if you don't like the ways things are right now.
Excessive yesbuts can do you damage.
My grandma just had a birthday and shes still super healthy and aware.
I notice
75 degrees and sunny all day in LA!
It's bike riding day!
Result was, people in Guam learned to emulate SANDAG.
People of NC need to decide if that's what they want their mayor doing.
Player of the Year Anthony Davis from Kentucky best stats in a final four game since 1988...Louisville didn't stand a chance
I want to go to Indonesia so bad!
It sounds/looks so beautiful!
:D
rage is in order for this weekend!
This steak  cheese is right
Nice one!
How about Super 8?
only missing the 1/2 but it's not the size that matters, right?.....RIGHT?!
MAD MEN just keeps getting better!
How can we improve on the content?
We want to hear your suggestions.
Meh.
A friend of mine broke his tooth on a sandwich.
: Letting him know he's daddy during sex get to freaky ass off my tl
I'm on Skype!
who want to chat?
damn that sounds amazing.
I saw no doctorgon tattoo on that girl
MENA!!!
How was swim practice?
thanks for the follow, lovely!
xox
The Silk Tie likes Thayvi!
A lil biased here, but Cincy Brass at Friday at 930 is a can't miss and free!
My office is across from a park.
Watching all these people sunbathing while working helps me to know the traditional office is dead!
dv.co
the hooch was fermented pineapple piloncillo sugar,cinnamon,clove and water.
Ferment and add beer for kick.
hm.
Can u gimme ur picture?.
Just wanna see
all my strugglin', all it does is keep me hustlin'
That awkward moment when u look at the girl beside u in the club and realize her doctorss is just as tight as ur pants!
i followed you, but you're not following me!
x
When someone tells you to text them and you do, and they don't text back........
ASTD2012 Level 5 leaders strive to be one fad behind
Have fun finding that RT : I can pick up thor's sword...
I braid my hair and it comes out even straighter than before once I take it out ..
It's ALA Banned Books Week: Where they burn books, they will ultimately burn people.
Heinrich Heine
Mom: stella I'm fat but I refuse to eat apples !
Lmao she's soo cute
Whoah, I was just thinking the same thing.
Super excited that is following !!!
Good seeing the homie Luke Austin and last night
The woods are lovely, dark and deep.
Robert Frost
LOVE that book!
where tf did you get penis from?:o
Thanks for the add
One work week to get through and then VEGAS FOR 2012 with and more!
you need your account
haha that's the best thing ever.
Thanks for your continued support!
Slam dunk the funk!
literally ruined my morning....but that was the intent,no?
I can see us together on top.
Arguing who was better...modern day Cash Money vs GUnit
RT : Metta World Peace returns to the Lakers for Game 7, and what should they expect?
Yahoo!
Sports...
I don't need asking
Where has that killer instinct gone from Lester?
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
that moment when you realize all the bullshit you put up with is actually paying off.
I love that moment.
gym or laundoctor?
why is the world full of unbearable choices?
: RT : Sorry, Leo.
You're unreal, but Xavi is the best player in the world.
Here, here.
seconded
Yeah me too, who am I kidding
LITERALLY DOING LAPS.
LETS GO.
CANT STOP WONT STOP.
RANGERS.
THIS OUR TIME.
OUR YEAR.
BEAT NEW JERSEY.
Am I?
Padoctors are worst in the league in swinging at pitches out of the zone.
Amongst worst in p/pa  several others key metrics
At my friends house we are having so much fun!!!!!!!!
Thank you Dahlin!
: What are you working on lately.
call it a curse, or just call me blessed.
if you can't handle my worst.
you ain't getting my best.
Reason 3 for running an Environmental Risk Summary Report.
You find out if your loan may be delayed!
Reccheck.com
Workout with me for Proven Results.
Ask and of
So is Nunez fucking up again?
I'm not watching the game right now.
He's blown so many leads with his horrible defense!
Heads up for anyone interested: UK  Florida replay coming up at 10:00 pm on CBSSN channel 158 on DishNetwork
Fuck what you heard ;
howdy : be sure to notice our bluebonnets  they recently started blooming.
they turn long boring doctorves into fun :
Aww, thanks.
You're are the best.
It's so damn depressing that you even had to cast that vote.
Craziness in Culver City...headed to the Pubhouse, doctorsden, Domination in Los Feliz...
Join the Madness!!
I'm too practical.
I factor in how often I could get there and enviro footprint.
Curaçao?
No...Georgian Bay.
Ibiza?
As if I wasn't obsessed enough washing my hands all the time before.
Now I wash them even more because of my puppy.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
thanks for the RT and getting the word out!
make that two times!
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when u lie to my faces n I knw ur ass lien to me
Some mcdonalds worker followed me out of mcdonalds today ,...
Great to meet you at Luster Pearl this week.
Looking forward to chatting again soon in Boulder.
Cheers!
Even though women earn only 10 of all the worlds income, they invest 90 of it back into the community.
read the story this morning..loved it!
nice to see people making a difference
heh!
My daughter would love this
With my FAVORITE rolemodel inspiration champion ...just got to get her sharing her humor  genius on twitter
Receiving spam emails from names like Adalberto and Augustine make me believe that spammers are just appealing to my inner medievalist.
hey guys.
We are sponsoring bus trips up there
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Buddha
thank you :
Just got an alarm for the trash.
Watch out
Another crazy Easter done!
haha!
I'm with you there.
I did try some from alien skin that I liked.
Mostly because I miss my old slide film.
: Why create lists?
Sort strategic audiences, compliment your public lists participants amasalunch do you have lists?
red bull won't, but fruit consumption will!
: MISS YOU
Why am I reading fashion reddit and why do they keep suggesting empire waists like the goal is to look like Elizabeth Bennet/pregnant.
both pitchers running up a NoD each!
Go !!!
RIP Taylor Swift?
really?
wow
yeah ok ma
Feeling like I have been slacking lately and not working as much as I normally do.
1st time I saw them live was on the Check Your Head tour.The show was so insane, people were doing flips off other peoples shoulders
I make a lot of dead dad jokes and I worry that this may be offensive to some.
But, having lost my dad, it's how I cope.
: Sigh !!!feel same way
you spending time with your mom?
You mean that didn't happen when he signed on to do The Voice?
About to get my haircut
A boring, boring artist...
New premium tea line in my head.
Prepare to be blown away by something that's good for you.
I don't even like talking on the phone.
Unless your my parents, contacting me for school or shows, or a business partner, don't call me.
RIP Donna Summer :
I like Roenicke but is he too soft on these guys?
The best managers are demanding  they switch things up when they clearly aren't working.
why you didnt tell me you was over there smh im slick mad now
Surround yourself with progress!
you taking Jet?
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet
package came in the mail son !
happy Valentines Day!!
Do you celebrate in Nepal?
The New Website is LIVE!!!
Check it out: www.21daypurificationprogram.com And...I'd love to know your thoughts on it...
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT Lol
you and me together, we can make it better...
In an interview with ABC News, President Obama said today: I think samesex couples should be able to get married.
In Life You Always Win  Lose...
But It's The Experience, Wisdom, Knowledge That You Gain Forever.
What film idea would be perfect for YOU to make?
Could you star in it?
What WOW settings are in your area?
14 months past Stage II diagnosis.
Surviving  thriving!
It was great talking to you today!
See you in July!
Awesomeness  happy to help!
awe, thank you:
Yes: Were having a barbecue/pool party for my mom!!
3 its gonna be a blastxD
thanks for stopping in Liz!
Hugs!
Liking Baylors uniforms
there's more coming in April along with a new Proprietor's Reserve beer: Wookey Jack, a black rye ipa...ucaba comes in next!
Interesting case study of usercentered design ucd for local Austin Energy company
Penn State presentation at iappsummit refers to silo of squirrels to refer to distributed nature of academic environments
One would think Weeks could at least make contact with an off speed pitch by now.
Just got a confirmation that i will be playing at the F.A.M.E.
event on August 3rd.
More details soon.
Got me a new haircut and highlight yesterday .
Feels awesome after long thick hair.
I'm a new woman!
:
WOW, ENTOURAGE WRITER DOUG ELLIN ALSO WROTE 'PHAT BEACH'.
LONG WAY.
Did you know love has no definition....
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment.
I don't care what the world knows about me...
just as long as my parents never finds out!
I'm not touching that.
;
now that issues like that r instasharable  spread like wildfire, maybe ppl r thinking twice?
would b good 2 compare states
Robo dwarfs  a true manly pet.
Happy birthday!
Why were u keeping beer in the fridge?
Don't say you hate the reference from the Buddha and St.
Augustin.
I've seen you.
You quote Coldplay.

you're funny!
Can't wait to see your report
mention or add wveyone for 
Its hard when someone special ignores you.
Its harder pretending that you just don't care.
lmao mister.
Fentress yelled at us for painting our nails : I put on 1...
lol
Man.......
What a loss!!!
Lobos have done a great job this season....
We almost had em!
Much love to our Lobos!!!!
The only tailgate in America playing She's so High...
Yay to 80 degree weather Boo to school.
Im in walmart in jersey and I just thought about the video vinny made lolololol maybe he's here LOL WUT?!?
I wish
Please don't doctorss like a slut unless you're really a slut.
It's very confusing to us guys.
Indianapolis Colts Expects to Sign Luck Soon
Saw a plane crashed in the town my ex lives in.
First thought was Damn...hope it hit her.
Am I going to hell?
RT : Patience is the key that unlocks all situations that seem impossible.
Friday ends kinda blah.
I think by the end of the week my brain is torched.
Hello American?
Apple makes record professort  Dayton Daily News
Kunite was a battle between me and this other girl for first!
The fight was fierce!
I kicked her to the head...
how about the gift of a new hobby!
:P
Thanks for the follow, Kathy!!
Merry merry Christmas!!
I guess Kony 2012 is the hipster cause dujoir.
Whoever the bastard was that decided day light savings time was a genius plan, just know, the whole world hates your ass
Never.
And I don't know many folks who do.
im bout to remake that song,just the hook part tho...
Awesome to hear talk about his passion, expertise.
professorssors don't get to share their work often enough.
Everyone walking over to American Philosophical Society for 2012 Haskins Prize Lecture.
someone should make a cover for a Pierce The Veil or Sleeping With Sirens song c:
I'm sorry I don't have any money, my friend bought me a has brown.
XD .
Keep the faith and just keep moving forward
Harden you suck.
I am not giving away my PinkWig LOL!
HappyWednesday xo!
thank you for all the work that you do.
RT : Tim Lott is about to take the stage with Jason Wood from in room 8 at the
Thanks for the FF!
Well can't have a TV in my room this summer.
Everytime we plus a TV in the circuit blows.
Almost fried my 40 inch TV!
I love my element case it's a damn good investment to protect your phone
Getting ready to have lunch with my dear friends from Michigan who surprised me at my gig last night!
Unfortunately, the giveaway wrapped at 4 pm.
But there will be two more in the very near future!
Women, how would you feel 'visiting' your childoctorn at their father's house every other weekend if your husband decided to divorce you?
Happy Networking Twitter!
Follow UR Hollywood.Biz!
We follow back!
Sure will  hopefully no crowdsurfing injuries in Pittsburgh
same here.
Probably more of an American tradition...
Nice 2 see that Java FYI Coffee is on the table the boiler room shut down n time 2 catch TMZ need finish Limbaugh 2nd book
had a great time speaking at Jefferson Middle School!
In 2010, I lost 3 people to cancer, it was a hard year.
I support  others
: Cool!
is going to give 36K worth of Georgetown courses here at usinno
Oh, Arcade Fire was onstage, too.
And Mumfords in the house.
Out of the hospital and headed to load up all the stuff.
Cbus we on our way to
Belief is most of the battle  We believed in our idea  a family park where parents and childoctorn could have fun together.
Walt Disney
Our health expert Becky will be hosting a 30 minute Twitter chat with the hash tag ESHealthChat.
Get in on the chat on April 6th at 6 p.m.
yay!
Book club!
;
had a great time at the rally today.
best atmosphere on the mall since the inauguration!
I want my childoctorn to have all the things I couldn't afford.
Then I want to move in with them.
Phyllis Diller
PROCLAMATION CONSOLATION INTEGRATION VERIFICATION REVELATION ACCLAMATION WORLD SALVATION VIBRATION STIMULATION CONFIRMATION PEACE 4 WORLD
Last night's show at Home Resource was a blast!
Thanks to Eve, Tamera, Katy and Lizzie!
Wet panties  moist sheets when they think of me.
Ok.
I am so ready to move to Hew Haven.
Like, right now.
do you want like a sparkle one or a picture?
If you settle for less you always be lees.
When you least expect it imma be your worst nightmare : GOOD Luck
Script for episode 3 is on lock!!!
Just need to secure a location and shooting can begin!!
thisdaysucks.net
YES.
I love a warm butt.
You can only give yourself so many pep talks before you realize it's weird that you talk to yourself so much.
Tacos are two dollars.
Tecate tall boys are two dollars.
Vegetarian chili is delicious.
Everything is rad.
Come party!
yet still not scrapped...
: Bravo's new Gallery Girls reality show renamed Modern Girls
Absolutely!
My head is spinning with new ideas.
Much appreciated.
i know yo' fake ass ain't saying shit.
just sit in the fucking background flake ass
Rereading Informing Innovation: Tracking Student Interest in Emerging Library Technologies at Ohio University.
I've learned that it's usually not what I think it is, that triggers me.
We grow, we grow.
Pretty amazing, this trait focus.
If you like girls basketball you should b at the potomac gym for this game..
Atmosphere is more intense than most playoff games
I'm volunteering.
I'll see you there.
He who breaks a resolution is a weakling; He who makes one is a fool.
F.M.
Knowles.
Happy New Year from Del Mar!
AMEN!
RT : Don't be a woman that needs a man, be the woman a man needs.
YEAH!
Isn't that awesome!?
no really, she's alive and well in jersey, it was a misprint
Lmao, are you hurt?
First Oprah now desperate
Major issues w/ the School's Comcast internet service.
CustomerService is of no help.
Hopefully can help resolve our issue.
Help us get to 400 followers!
We're only 9 tweeps away!
The more people know, the more people we're able to help.
Hi Cristina  Thanks for the follow.
Great wallpaper.
When will we be able to purchase a doctoraming of you pillowcase with jason segels face on it?
Cafe Lulu in Bay View is good or one of the Mexican restaurants on 5th.
maybe a schnitzel at Turner Hall?
So lovely...
the sun is shining on my porch.
I'm starving...
it just might a night to play hookey from table tennis...
just maybe...
I'd update my blog, but I'm so tired that I could fall asleep right now at 8:40pm.
You kids get off my lawn, ya hear?
HEY IMPROV ASYLUM!
Let's get some singleladyproblems going and get some people at our sneak preview on Feb 4th!
Chanting at scotus  Los inmigrantes!
Somos importantes!
Arizona!
We got your back!
lol You're scared of me boo boo!
Soo shh :P
Imagine:Austin follows you on twitter then he dms you saying, Hey, want to meet up sometime
Movie recommendation is James Caan in Misery
Great.
Thanks
We.
Do.
Not.
Have.
People.
Like.
You.
In.
Our.
Area I saw an episode yesterday.
Love it!
Sources: Bo Ryan has blocked the release of the NFL schedule
i seriously can't wait till i'm all done with this court shit, it's so damn annoying.
See....I told u that everybody is gonna want to hang w/ us.
Even on twitter they come!!!
LMAO
I Let the rain wash my worries away
doctorving through Louisville at night during a power outage is strangely eerie.
I do not like it, Sam I Am.
screw u
You could compare team totals as well as individuals.
We need Pasetti to get on this.
On my roof with the moon eclipsing over the city skyline, lighted capitol, and early mountains.
Think about this, if they were for you why would they try and talk you out of your blessings for making you and your family better!?!

im such an idiot.
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
28
I beat the pussy up, up, up, up, up, up, up..
Feel free to bask in my glow
milwaukee Fun wood Fact: One acre of trees removes up to 2.6 tons of carbon dioxide each year.
hope you have enough strength to fly home Falcons
There are certain times when public opinion is the worst of all opinions.
Nicolas de Chamfort
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Hannah Simone, Milan Bertone, or Gugu MbathaRaw...I would willingly and happily accept any of the three as my mate for life.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Audoctory
In Europe, coffee was once paired with rebellious political movements.
Let's get dinner tonight??
5:30?
text me!
no, no.
That is actually an old technique of mine
I sure hope so!
mp3 or CD?
oh my god this is so terrible.
Racism racism everywhere.....
wat.
Just got the key to my dorm room but no roommate yet....I hope she's not a lame

kloutforgood and should totally team up!
where do we start?
Bering peer pressured to stay the night XX
Watch the body tilt when you hit the head
Gemini are extremely independent.
They will not be pinned down by anyone or any rules.
Yep that's my baby and I love her 4 it
We try to ask ourselves how we would want our pet treated.
You're with me when I'm up, then you quit me when I'm down.
Oh well, wussup WORLD!
thanks mike nice to hear about your workout
Even before a word is on my tongue, behold, O Lord, you know it altogether.
Psalm 139:4 
Venture Capital and Jason Mendelson  Music Business Journal
Bruh, we was chillin tho RT That nap was a night ruin'er
Sure insomnia keep me up even though i have to be in 5 hours for work
mister confirms Hawks Smith has sprained knee, doubtful for Game 3
I agree with Madeleine  I think a web accessible version would most likely be sufficient for most people
Indeed!
Nothin' better than winning with the 0.5 of a spread!
Well, I suppose MegaMillions would be, but...
want some right now
I'm going to go rest on now, good night : 
That amazing moment when you type your homework on google and you found EXACTLY what you need.
Thanks for the shout out!
3
I love Red Mango!
I always get pomegranate yogurt with pomegranate seeds  blackberries.
What about you?
this needs to stop lol Spring come on already ..
Anytime.
Especially when it involves skiing squirrels.
need to get this 99 Grand Marq somewhere to get fixed.
guessing that's not the 3rd installment of the wahlberg/luda film
GOD Morning everyone!!
If you are reading this please say hello!!
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
Keep smiling.
attitude sales business faith family 
no.
it's manual.
you have replace default.css with classic.css in the theme/styles/ directory
Basketball Is Dope Af Bruh.
Thats My Fav Sport.
Im Ready To Play My Sophomore Year.
Imma Be Killin That Shit Like Goku Bro.
People who hate on stoners are no better than any other haters
Huh?
Why is it bad that Obama likes Jon Stewart?
Hingham too?
RT : RT : Both mbta scenarios proposed include elimination of ferry services.
Anyone take the ferry?
haha ikr?!
I love my friends and im gonna miss them when i move to Washington state.....
But at least its close to Canada :P
Be careful of what you wish for, you may just get it....
Today in film history, the Wizard of Oz debuts in 1939, starring Judy Garland at only age 16!
Were you as into Lego as I was as a kid?.
We love your stuff.
Buying LOTS for a party on Sat.
Any chance we could score tshirts for giveaways to revelers?
Who is going to win the Battle of The Cowl?
was that you who said hey to me?
lol
and sit at school wahhh.
idol Josua Ledet one of the best ever on AI.
Indeed.
That much win will wear a person out.
!
Pssst...
this is new little venture.
You should follow us and all the fun!
Lots of spectators in Lourdes
Wherever the poetry of myth is interpreted as biography, history, or science, it is killed.
Joseph Campbell
he can be a little poop sometimes but that's ok because its his loss if he leaves me.
I'm perfect.
;
goddammit.
that is not ok with me
Instagram link is down.
it's been a blast.
thanks so much!
I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable.
Jim Morrison
That's exactly how I reacted in 1995 when I was diagnosed.
Never heard of it before.
My trigger was an abdominal surgery.
pretty much  happened to me all the time  I used to take it to Sony repair place in Georgetownnot sure if theyre still there
Hope all is wonderful!!!
You look so innocent!
Politics should stay out of the bedoctorom.
People should be able to marry whomever they want.
A blessing from Washington isn't necessary
yeah...
that will never happen!
Watching my spanish Shows in mexico Hahaha I'm so glad I'm back cuz I'm tired of watching the same old novel as back at home ,
PEOPLE ARE LAUGH SO HARD CAUSE THIS BITCH IS SO FUNNY
: When a friend does something wrong, don't forget all the things they did right.
so true with professorssional colleagues too.
I'm so disgusted by the Old City beating.
It is unbelievable.
It's hard to compete when there is no competition.
RT :  what a great day!
EAmets nah but for real !
Lmao two edible arrangements.
Made up names on it .
Even claimed one was from a patient  you are not young
just finished a week of focusing my mind,body and soul.
Aw.
Feel better!
What was on the other towel.
You are the funniest person I wish i knew personally.
3 ILY.
Shout out to Evin!
Chillin Listen To Music Since It Is Still Rainin Outside...
Tryin To C wat Ima gt Into Dis Weekend
if something's broke, fix it.
dont throw it away best advice ever.
If wins game 2, series goes to 15 minute minigame 3 immediately following.
THE 1 Thing People Do When doctornk Is Have Sex Or doctornk doctorving /Dizzy Walking
Good blog post.
I prefer to post on or near the pub date whenever possible.
No problem :D
Thanks for the follow Randy...
Ioved your blog, so relatable :
Will do :
never followed u in the first place.....and I really don't care to....
the video from Lamar was beautiful !!!
isnt it rude that in interviews with 1D zayn isnt able to answer a lot of qs?
its always liam talking .
shut up and let the hottie talk:D
J.P Arencibia puts an end in sight as the Jays take their first lead of the game in the top of the 16th inning 74
Running at VolleyBall practice today, I hope it rains.
.
Great soundcheck for tonight, see you at all Paul Hall at 8!
Don't forget to check in on foursquare for merch specials.
When I'm a star, my film contacts will always stipulate that I'm allowed one scene where I cry to the song 'Perfect' by Pink
Has 9 programs to prepare for  6.5 hours this week to get ready for the first 3.
Tried working on them at the CR desk.
Pfffft.
cosign what the tall weather dude said.
Thank you!!
Meanwhile, on GameTheory front, word is the director, in need funding for postprod'n graphics, is prospecting for gold in NV
hey thanks for the follow and Ur really hot:
Things going so well!
We've written 2 songs, finished another, and arranged a fourth.
So excited for all the progress!
Hiya Todd!!
Thanks for following me on this little thing called Twitter!
Have a nice night!
David stern should allow this trade to happen.
The NBA owns New Orleans, but they don't own
what said is heteronormative not homophobic we often conflate the two
I saw a fat girl with a damn Guess shirt on so I approached her and said  380lbs?
um there is now guy
A skillful man reads his doctorams for selfknowledge, yet not the details but the quality.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
making popcorn reminds me of, popcorn machine :
dewd yea it is!
haha its not that bad.
Haha, I think I got a headache trying to follow this.
Like that Friends episode, But does she know that you know that she knows?
Don't let me get in my zone!
probably a hard one, Money because it's Mon thru Wed
That is what he is concerned with!!
Sitting here with hungover....Irish Breakfast and PunchTopMillerLite got us again lol
BROADCAST ALERT: Ohio State at Miami just announced a 7:30pm kickoff.
TV: ESPN.
Yes...
we will be pouring HopSlam on Monday.
We love you too Cheers!
PartyMemories Daniel Zwibel's house...R.I.P Dan i miss you so much bro, im coming to your grave soon to burn a phattie  take a sum shots
If u chase him in a black nightie, he'll have sex with you and then he'll run for the hills
im not i been stop and this is the first time i ironed my hair in years oh and guess what?!
Jess, not sure if you're following the Walker corruption probe but all of that happened while RancidPubes was chair of
HIGHLY ETHICAL.
if my Klout score is a 75 will you follow me??
iUsedToLikeYouBut U wasnt THE girl I thought U was !
Upgraded my iPad to iOS 5...
loving the new 4finger gestures.
Such a small addition, but they make navigating the device so much more fluid
looking for Greg Oden highlites.
looking.
looking.
i mean, he played 82 gm career, must be a FT airball sumthin/sumwhere.
looking.
Black Jacques Halak!!!
Back on my grind fuck what them niggas holla
Caps fans, let's have some fun.
What was your WTF moment of the season?
It can be anything.
Discuss.
i missed u.
how are u
You can even order online!
It's amazing.
It's ok if you back it up with real chocolate on my doorstep.
And I'll do the same, dear.
:
: hey mama!
How are you?hello lady!
How's u're injury, all better?
I'm goodsee u at Blogfest?
Microwave rice is still cooking right..?
We are looking for topic suggestions for FAchat.
What do you want to discuss with financial aid colleagues?
U may be smarter, better looking, and more talented than me but i bet im better at passing judgement on smart, attractive, talented people.
I'm not sure where that dot says I was...
but I'm in Montana now...
I love traveling but it will be good to go home soon :
will I be able to install paid apps I've brought in cydia for free again through your method?
I was at a Marianne Williamson lecture and she said it is best to forgive and forget.
Cuz if u bring the memory back you are...
Trying to sleep at normal time so I can wake up for work ...
In sure this won't last long ...
no need to cry, we'll be back next week!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!
O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth!
who hast set thy glory above the heavens.
Psalms 8:1 KJV
text me if you go lol
The only people who really worry about money are the very poor and the very rich.
What a pleasant surprise!!
Happy New Year Gladys.
All of the very best to you in 2012.
Go Vikings.
oh I love a challenge just signed up for a 5k in a week.
I also just realized I can stash water in the stroller sweet!
I'm exhausted.
I just got back from Illinois and it wasn't really a VACATION because I didn't get to relax, but oh well.
Back on twitter!
:
Looking for home sweet home???
Call or stop in today 858.279.7410
Not to sound cocky But people love me Imthetruth xoxoRabbit
omg they are so mean
is reviewing the article that is going to make its way to the press shortly : Can't wait to share!
i cant wait until my acting doctoram come true im just going to wait cuz one day its coming
Two free blocks in a row
I just went on the biggest rant about sabrina cause my dad wanted to order from the homemade pizza company which her family owns.
Wat happened to the tape?
Xavier just texted me ugh yes so happy.
333
pardon me if this is alame question but what's twitter exchange?
I'm down.
you sure did chick!!!!
hi I'm ur biggest fan I love you Sheldon 
Conscious Consumption..I dig it!
you always have a home here man, we luv ya
Nice!
My sisters were born 23 and 24 years before me.
I was a surprise ;.
Great photo!
Haha!
Work'm like a charm too!!
Really appreciate you aging along!
: 
Breakfast on hawthorne with grammy.
its always good to be different cause it makes that one only you are, not follow like every one in the world does, be Glad :D
How is that not game misconduct for boarding?
Nissan Canada announces winner of the quot;Nissan Innovation Challengequot;
It was freakin hot at dance tonight, she had it on 80 degrees and i was already wearing a sweat shirt and yoga pants
..
7 werent actually, but we will be by tomorrow
It's in April..
so not yet ;
Is their really a specific time?
Can't we doctornk coffee all day?
Itd be a happier  more hyper world.
Southeast where u have to keep it steppin cuz is treacherous !!!
RT : You want to have fun this weekend?
Just remember W.W.R.D.
What Would Rihanna Do?
lol
Storage for the night.
We weren't allowed w/in sight of the State House.
We'll be back in an hour or two, stop by and say hello!
it's okay don't cry
It was just asking u if u'd like to b a part of an international list of diastasis experts that I'm building on
Redemption  in the memory  of a summer soft night
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose words and actions show that he knows where he is going.
Napoleon Hill
And so it begins!
Writing sessions for the new project!
Stay tuned for more details!
Makin big moves today
whatever the price, the end result would be priceless.
I'd like to include En Vogue in this reunion too.
Thanks!
Wow, great timing.
:
But not Dimon?
Yknow, the boss.
Nonsense.
MT : 3 top JPMorgan execs to resign over 2 billion trading loss, sources say
Any skaters in the Gwinnett area, visit fresh 2 deff on pleasant hill.
Wide variety of dope ass DGK decks, trucks, wheels, etc.
so.
this guy wants me to go to edgefest with him.
and he will pay for my ticket.
ah.
i feel so bad!
:
Thanks so much!
new screens up means tons of photos posted via bens iphone  andoctorid app daily!
dctech cc/
Whats that smell?
Its the freshly ground and roasted Indian spices.
Coming soon , Klay Oven Kitchen!
Owen Benjamin is funny af nice stand up props my dude!
Hahaha 
Somebody has to go polish the stars, they're looking a little bit dull
I 3 Sunday night tv!
send me your email
miss you too my seester!
Wish I could spend Easter with you  the fam: have a great weekend!!!
Homeland Security warned state police that a recent Al Qaeda newsletter suggests terrorists ought to start fires in the American Southwest.
good morning.
I'll be in ATL this week.
I'd like to connect with you if possible.
nothing man fuck it
I'm thinking lunch already, what's for lunch Indy?
I'm thinking sounds good!
Thanks for the RT!!!
wow are you causing those stretch discoloration marks on that ass?
Nice !
Hey, guys, has finished fiftyshades so you don't have to!
go check out her excellent tweets.
I'm a guy stuck in a girl's body.
All these pussies needa grow some mothafuckin balls.
Women prefer men who have something tender about them  especially the legal kind
Coming today for freelunchfriday?
We're excited to host another cool milwaukee meetup at our office today.
Tuna fish casserole is at least as real as corporate stock
Girl , he's nothing in my eyes .
smh .
ctfu .
it's Like he cryin out for attention nd conversation im not in the mood for
I think I like college sports because they are low scoring but have high intensity.
Sorry I have been neglecting twitter!
Haven't felt good!
I did relize that I just might be a cougar...lol!
Has a fun conversation w/bassist Roy Cumming last nite on how both of us used to rehearse w/Chick in his Queens basement.
What a blast!
today he was a beast
Snl needs to burn that last bit that Eli did!!!
I love the PR team at the office.
No one else would discuss furries over lunch while stonecold sober.
he's tested three times a week cause of his past different from others
Yes, Perry is moving up  Santorum is on the way down.
I think the caller caught wind of your comments re Braun
what u up 2 this weekend.
thers a strawberry festival at peddlers viallge wanna go w me?
Ain't no support in the midwest
Poor sick baby will not eat or sleep.
Got bank questions?
Come to SMGW's SE Office today and Meet the Banker from 11am12pm.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness
yes just search up his pic on google images BUT HES SUCH A SEXY BEAST and merryl streep won best actress!!!:
The journey is the reward.
Chinese Proverbs
Heat, Bulls, Memphis, Thunder, Clippers, Lakers, Celtics, Spurs, Knicks, Magic, Mavericks, Jazz, 76ers, RT If You See Your Team
A great group of people to represent the NACBMhow did I ever make it to the finals?
Stuck in traffic!
:o
real faith in Jesus is not the modus operandi in NYC so topical sermons about basics is actually a huge feat.
There were very
lol, I've been stuck on the baseball game, but I've heard a lot of complaining so you are not alone
Tip 4.
Participate in activities you enjoy.
Always start with warmups to get the muscles going.
This stops pulling a muscle
An important job opening: RT Position open at the YWCA for a Director of Sexual Violence and Support Services: bit.ly/j3pzWG
but secretly you just wanna see the pirates play
3rd theme park of the day.
Time to experience Busch Gardens HowlOScream!
Happy Wednesday Stinky Fans!!!
The weather around here is BEAUTIFUL today, go out and enjoy it with some Stinky Gringo Margarita!!!
I want him to follow me
Havana is to die for too
kinda like ol four names Benjarvis green Ellis etc
baby steps toward success: at meeting on unrelated topic, professorgave props to our IR and suggested more faculty need to get their stuff there
older than that?
Hey Cory  You've got some great music!
We're trying to get a hold of you, but can't find your email.
A little help?
LETS GET ICE CREAM!!!!!!!
OMG...that Scandal finale was off the chain!...
Like I like it, I'm just chilling.
How is it possible that I feel this way for you?
I can't get over what we had.
I can't accept that you've changed and moved on.
I love you.
badass adventure club.
: D
Thanks for all the RTs !
Great!
Will do!
:D ENJOY THE RETURN OF RELAXATION!
Beautiful!
Congrats to you and both!
Aw, shucks.
it'll be a little less fun without you.
:
The beats are rockin, the doctornks are flowing and the beautiful ladies are out!!
Get down to The Fly!
Oh Okay
I really fall asleep while showering or doing normal things like brushing my teeth but once im in bed i cant sleep.
The fuckkkk
I love Brooklyn.
I have to compile ours and vote this week.
I suspect we have the same vendor.
I dont know whats more awkward, answering Dora, or sitting in silence while she stares at you...
love wine and cheese :
In this life you do not know who is real friend  who is FRENEMIE!
Words to live by I'd say.
Quick news: Apply for the Kinect Accelerator program  Microsoft Press  Site Home  MSDN Blogs
Gosh I wanna see the vow.
givesmegoosebumps channingtatum 
the movement is in full effect!
It was the topic of discussion at Silk's barbershop this week.
Toothache is gone.
Temporarily.
lol..
Damn, maybe one more vodka cranberry.
;
Why do people say beans beans the magical fruit when beans are vegetables?
reading a book on different types of poses for
Met Nancy Wilson this weekend and watched her show .
What a beautiful talented lady.
Hey Mike, whats up?I'm gonna come see you next time your in Miami playing the the Panthers.
Been a long time,hope your doing well.
maddow says she thinks Romney will pick Paul Ryan as his VP running mate
Love it!
Thats the best episode!
Do any of you use twitter?
If so we would love to follow you!
Tell us your twitter name.
We are InfinitiDenver.
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
Dale Carnegie
Hotel Foster, Bryant's and Palm Tavern.
One Direction Stole Our Hearts  they'll do it again with the MORETHANTHIS music video ;
Candidates used to stay in the primary race just long enough to win their home statenow they doctorpout before to not be embarrassed.
Ron Paul
last night's episode was great.
Loved the soviet bar w/ bad service and communist speeches.
I've been through a lot, but I'm proud to say I still keep my head held high.:
sorry there can only be one me :p
.
i would think the far right would want them to get married.
No married dude ever gets head or anal.
even though I can bullshit 4 pages like no one's business, it doesn't mean I WANT to do it right now.
Would the Charlotte Bobcats be a top 25 team in the NCAA??
Im here and it fking cold
hey babe
Good morning, Kevin !
:
Watching The Hangover never gets old.
I want some soul food.
come over next week and cut my hair!
Watching the first episode of Ken Burn's National Parks with my son Sam.
and Google blows up with
Oh hey, I was referring a private/closed group  we have been meeting wkly for 2 yrs.
maybe you should start your own?
Apparently I'm 85roasted beets for dinner and 10:30 pm Friday night bed time.
Thank god I enjoyed my youth.
:D MT : New plan.
Finish downloading 's section of kickstarter vid, edit it , upload it  church.
just tel him.
They really are miserable
Nice!
I cant skate tranny at all haha.
Today has just not been a good day between us!
:/ : I know!
guess I'll play some mass effect 3.
Night, fellas.
Break a leg, !
I can't change my name thing that says neversaymichelle though x
Its a rock n roll show.
There was rock there was roll and that's all you need.
Hi!
I enjoy your service, but I've heard reports from my contacts that you're spamming them.
Is this standard practice?
I'm upset, I need someone to talk too.
Oh, I know.
The story I wrote at the time gets into all of that...
Tonight the only place to bring in 2012 is at the club voted 1 Best Dance Club  1 Best New Club!!
The party is on tonight !
not saved
Dude, patent litigation.
RT i've made three Black Swan references today and it's only 12:33.
we feel your pain....but Games are going to be so good!
I live like 20 mins away from the place where he was!
aekughwoifhwoeHFKJSNHHSOGHohwr PISSED.
BEYOND PISSED.
follow back !
s w a g
Bad behavior is calling my name...should I answer?
cant believe we knoww who nicks gf is !
Holiday Coverage  yes please!
More companies are using contractors/temps to cover holidays instead of perm staff.
Lower costs and higher r
nothing is going on with me I'm just being me
He's sexy and he follows back!
So follow him now!!
:
13 hours of sleep later
have a blessed day, filled with rational decisions and productivity ;
: An average teenager spends more time on Facebook in 1 week than they'll spend with a doctor in the next 18 yrs.
Glad to host!
RT : thinkndoctornk is walkable for some of you tonight  and I know who you are.
See ya at
Jessica just be honest it was about us everyone knows it.
just tell me and I won't be mad about it
Oh gosh, overwhelmed whiskyfestchi.
Have to say it....so many great whiskies..
such little time.
local spirits too!!'
Unlike gold which is just an appreciate play, real estate is the only hard asset that cash flows
Of course!
Along with Hanno Mottola, he was the essential element in those great Ute teams of the late '90s.
I wish school went by as fast as this vacation did
a deep breath in through the nose and let it out through the nose.
It's a work in progress.
Thanks for a great night.
Xo
We should never discourage young people from doctoraming doctorams
got it
I have to work today so I'm missing church.
Listened 2 podcast and was almost moved to tears on the bus!
Thank you 4 ur heart
Booked a long weekend of camping in Yosemite for our 7th wedding anniversary.
Couldn't be more excited.
Isn't that funny how we see poker players everywhere, even in our doctorams.
hehe
Psst...want a Riopelle?
Feds selling off priciest works of art to save cash
I can't think of anything better.
You can be anyone you want to be, which is basically yourself.
Just sayin...
m thinking identical lol sorry Hahaha
might take the whole get your ass out of bed a little too seriously tomorrow morning.
maybe it'll motivate me!
I didn't think anyone would notice lol
: I'm excited to announce i will remain a Pittsburgh Steeler next yr!
Signed my contract this morning!
let's go!!
LEGURSKY!!!!
I care, Bacca
May the Fourth Be with You!
nope.
next week.
he's in the audience
It's Friday!
What adventures do you have planned this weekend?
This is just the attitude that won the middle name fun killer.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Triangle Grocery from 102 today!
12165 N Hwy 14, Cedar Crest, NM 87008
Morning Freaks!!
ok...if you figured it out, you have to share...
I hate it when theres not enough dinner left to take with you but too much to eat now.
Damn you
it sure was...isn't that great!
and it's an affordable camera, too.
ohthepossiblities!
Feeling better for getting it out of me; now I need to sleep as soon as my brain lets me.
Retweet my tweet: beatcancer and paypal donates 5 cents to cancer research.
I wish he knew how hard I was trying.
: I had mixed vegetable curry last night via So good thank you!
FUN FACT: St.
doctornken invented the pick up line: Ye shalt refraine fromme discourse with a younge maiden if thou have not a goode opener.
: DUDE She Just called you blind!
OH HELL NO!
Where is she?!
um..that's me?;
IF YOU NEVER HEARD THE SONG HERE IT IS NEW POP SINGLE VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES !!!!!!!!!!!
Thanksgiving Break Is So Close!!!
Well if lived in Calif I would take ya lol cam u wait like 5 days so I can make it up there lol
I love cinnamon flavored things.
text me i miss you!
can't do it no more lol
A2: That people in recovery become even better people than ever been before!
The most creative act you will ever undertake is the act of creating yourself.
atleast now I am officially an organ donor!
That makes me feel good!
Electric Avenue
It's never too early to go to bed!
RT the fray at the palace.
pumped Have fun tonight, Sarah!
Should be a great show!
FC: I consider myself an every down guy.
I can play the run and rush the passer in the Wide 9.
doctorving down to Clemson to see graduate today!
So proud, so excited :
Wow!
Volume licensing vouchers arrived in less than one day!
WooHoo!
Just read through some of the past conversations with and its safe to say I'm dying on the floor!!
You know your old when you bitch about missing 60 minutes
Shh..
Do you hear that?
What?
I heard nothing.
Exactly, its the sound of no one caring.
Celtics dominated tonight
The best teacher is one who suggests rather than dogmatizes and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.
Edward BulwerLytton
They told me never fall in love, It never works out in your favor.
You way too young and right now that's just human nature.
Nola: Instead of putting out a fire, just pray for rain!
We'll wait for weather to be on our side.
Cause that worked out well in the past...
Galtung thinks OWS should form agricultural cooperatives all over the US to grow organic food.
Might do some tweet action covering the speakers...but then again I think I am only one in the room that doesn't remember the cold war...
Thankyou Lord for this another day :
On the flip side, it won't matter much.
If he's good, he's good.
If Pats thought Brady was that good, wouldn't have gone 199.
Anything on adult swim after family guy or american dad zones me out to the point where i dont even change the channel /
was in a temporary location and moving to a live/work space same location tho
the kardashians can get black guys cause they got some booty ; lol
As a coach I'm finding more and more women who are struggling with this issue
Steve Blake looks just like Alex Smith
I hear a lot of G rap in your flow, as well.
Thought I'd throw that in there.
You r gonna have to use your superhero powers to create this superculture.
That is a graphic novel I would like to see.
Put ma heart n soul in this game im feelin doctorined...
We want to welcome all of our new fans tonight from Funny Pics.
You guys are the best!!!
Love your page..
I really appreciate being CCed on all these tweets!
What'd u think of the Xmas episode?
I feel it was lame  unnecessary  wrapped things up so they don't even need a 3rd season.
Why isn't computerbased learning taking advantage of student learning paths and preferences?
Too hard, too time consuming?
Why?
haha true that!
RT : 3 lucky winners for tickets to All Stars: Fieldoctorcordings: , and
Just saw a woman really going to town on the free cheese at grocery store.
It's a sample people not a subsidy.
Haha.
I see him often.
You're just around the corner from me.
How long are you in NYC?
Azure best of the best
Same here!
Love meeting social media peeps IRL.
See you at Wordcamp next weekend!
will be working on marketing ecolodge to be built there and creating tours.
Also on my own Boomer marketing biz.
I sure don't miss my blackberry at all.
go iphone.
Does anyone know if we have to have a ticketmaster account to buy tickets?
Shwayze performing at the Independent tomorrow at 8pm
kk so will i but if they say yes they r probaly going to take their girlfriends too
is in the finale!!
I love this guy!!
how did you do that?
did you break it during sex?
like wtf happened?
your man needs to cater to your ass now lol
Great!
Let me know if you have any questions
Everything is swell my beloved, thanks for asking!
I was not a Video Vixen, Julie.
I was 10.
LOL
andoctor miller is a bum...
good one!!
: has anybody been hinting around the office about me I think you need a couple wins at 265 or less first.
Camp update: DL Ben Garland is back with the Broncos after being granted an early release from his Air Force tour of duty!
OMG, me and my friend saw this couple making out, then she record it.
Hahah.
It's good to hear JC, I am hearing about lots to career moves that happened on Talkbiznow.com, it's makes us all happy  recession huh?
Wish I knew a radio station that would play Radio Song
Yeah, but there's always something.
We have to have it leveled before we can even buy it.
15k or so jut for that.
lol!
It looks like it started two weeks ago..
How I missed it I don't know!
let's hope not;
Xmas Tweets: Sisterinlaw upset she didn't make it on the Xmas Tweets yet.
I got news for her.
I never will mention Betsy on one of these!
u havnt seen that episode of family guy when Michael Jackson starts shooting himself in the balls on stage?
Why vanilla ice cream white when vanilla extract is is brown?

I keep in touch wit all my real niggas so if you ain't heard from me ....Its been trill nigga
Dexter is for homos and housewives pussy!
Hey , and we appreciate the RTs/MTs!
Does anyone know what to do when your crush is dating the weirdest girl in school and your much more prettier than her?
Mazol Tov Garret Jones on hitting your first HR of the season today.
You are the Jonez of the day.
will do.
Twitter makes me so much more efficient.
Ranganathan Rule 4 in Library Science.
Save the time of the reader.
We need you now!
Whoa, the dean from Community just won an Oscar.
Congratulations to each and every one of the over 1,300 students who have had or will have degrees conferred, today, at ETSU!

sounds good.
mine or yours?
Deady Middle School Marching BandHouston Directed by Galan Malone Selected to The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth ParadeHouston Call 7139531633
after that rosenburg body....
Ored is a problem....
Verb needs this though so we shall see.
The wind just had sex with my room and I loved every bit of it ;
Right back at ya!
Have a great Friday!
Happy Mothers Day!!
I emailed you some info get at me when you get a chance
We are gearing up for a groupwide tent sale...starting May 14!
Stay tuned for more details!
Chet Millard: I never imagined when I came home from Afghanistan I would find myself on front lines of a fight for freedom in WI.
This white woman smells like a box of Crayons
is on the way to a casting for a video which will hopefully go viral
I am fully on board w/that plan!!
I met the 50 Shades author at a book signing last week.
Good times!
Boston Celtics had a Ryan Hollins, Keyon Dooling, Avery Bradley  Marquis Daniels  K.
Garnett lineup in a playoff game
I voted!
I like them all though...good names and great idea to do a survey to help with the naming process.
ME PLEASE I FOLLOWED
To glad my moma buying me groceries today
TckTckTck showing website preview very visual, nice graphics and links climate change issues together solutions
Why did the monster come out of the closet?
Really wanna just go home and be by myself
Happy Hour is around the corner!
5 tapas, cocktails  picadas are minutes from embodying your mouth with flavor!
Join us from 5pm to 8pm.
hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away...
there's my girl!!!
its only dope if u pull off the 1st time u fuck a random bad bitch..u feel certified
Told myself I was going to study for Thursday's test after CCWA.
Got home and went through interwebs
Reminds me of kazanjian's point about how social movement genealogies of our archives and methodologiesare effaced.
This love is a sure thing....
Better regret for what you didn't do than for what you did....
If lbj misses that ft he's not clutch right getthefckoutofhere
I'm going to meet my next victim at sports club...
We have the answer for your dinner dillemma!
Burgers Shakes, dine in, take out, or order online w/
Happy Hour starts in 10 min!
5 glasses of wine, 5 cheese platters and 5 charcuterie platters from 58 pm!
haha!
There are already plans!?
If so, I insist we add blackjacks to the itinerary!
Happy LaborDay weekend!
Before you take one more trip, dont forget about the hard working members of the courtesy patrol keeping you safe!
Building website for the next collection
hahaha love you too Becky :D hey what have we been doing in hales?:o
Great win
Lacrosse is really big out here, proving once again why Midwesterners are smarter than everyone else.
Can't cough, need to Fart, and can only lay on my back as if on my sides the machine alarm sounds off, my eye are so scratchy, GOD Bless
With gasoline doctorws.
I have her handbasket all ready.
RT : Man Suzie can go straight to hell.
you're welcome!
i mayy see you there!
Happy Mother's Day to my blood older sister Brittany Conn too today : 
Can't beat Maui but a crystal clear Seattle day puts up a good fight!
Make way for interactive books  improved reading  learning experience?
Or unnecessary side product with pricier extras outside education?
Mic check 1 2 1 2...
Press Record and lay it down!
At the Tip Jar Studio!
RT : Fun day today wit my broski :D
Horrible to hear about Muamba...
Just landed in NOLA!!
A quck lunch date with the daddy and its back home to BR!
Feels good!!
Reed Johnson it's been a tough night huhh, Triple A is prob better suited for you let's be serious
Ruiz: acknowledges multiplicity of funding options.
Usac has a doc online which offers recommendations and guidance.
I'm fresher than a newborn.
And um:I can work you out like a futon.
And um:you can leave your birthday suit on
in Calc.
Haha.
It comes in handy a bit :P
People need to stop telling other people things that aren't true.
RT : Remember: The storm will pass..but the lesson will last.
wonderful blessing to make it another week have a safe weekend people....
good luck with the first day
I'm back in the weather center for Good Day Oregon this morning with the details on our record March rain.
See you from 6:009:00 AM!
Jam packed meeting; a lot of changes facing higher ed and libraries; possibly some gnashing of teeth
I love to keep score at home have been doing this since I was a kid my dad taught me
AWESOME  HAVE A GREAT EVENT!!!
IS FOLLOWING ME I CAN'T BELIEVE IT THANK YOU SO MUCH :
Got my phone sorted out.
It was letting me see her professorle like it was mine but not letting me tweet from it.
itsallgood : I fixed it.
RT : To be African American means having the power to forgive.
Don't miss the DJ BATTLE tonight  Venue of Scottsdale its gonna be huge!
Support DeeJay DJR.
Headliner DJ JASSY JEFF.
10pm it kicks off ...
Can't wait for some TribecaFilmFestival!
But there was a funny chat here ystrdy abt Thanksgiving turkey vs steak vs ham.
All I'm sayin is, eat what you want.
It's so awkard seeing people from school at stores..
I'm actually thinking of organizing a TEDx for Chautauqua, NY.
Any suggestions on how to get started?
check out he knows everything about wordpress
Buying my training shoes in kids sizes because of :
RT : Shorter Left: Why does Bristol Palin have her own show?
I think I'll tweet a frillion times about it!
Women think before you open your mouths
Damn Spurs!!
Lost to the bulls
Hmm.
A lot on my mind.
DTN Financial: All Whites alright as Italy held to doctorw: Tournament minnows New Zealand hold champions Italy 11 i
Try the Chevy Volt  Presidents don't control gas prices.
If you want to see a future star in golf make sure you check out Patrick Cantlay this week.
Sophomore at UCLA.
ill be there in 5.
That buffalo is going HAM.
Vanity is my downfall.
Oh well at least I look cute A'F!
;
Hamsters can have sex up to 75 times a day.
I wanna be a Hamster!!
ThingsiWantTheMost is for everyone to go follow my boy :
Eddie did a good job on megaman when it ended i sayed sequel megaman 2 wily escapes prison and creates 2s 8 robot masters
I took some scary doll out of my room last night because it was creeping me out and then woke up with it in my arms.
What the...
IN the BUILDING?!
doctorol RT Packers WR Jordy Nelson joins in 3 minutes  he'll also be here later today
Look good and feel healthier by including high fiber foods such as bananas into your diet.
Learn more at www.touchofwellnessblog.com.
Feelin 50 right now...girls gone wild!
Non thuggery day
Welcome to the chat!
edwaivers is the correct tag.
Did you get my question.
Got an email from saying they miss me since I haven't posted lately.
That's customer appreation!
Now must think of pithy comments.
lol ohmygod.
You're moms cool legit.
Idk whenever I meet someone I'm just like ...
Silentawe:
I'm close to the door.
Let's meet there at the break for pic for
how is Tom Crean not BT COY?
Hangin' with the Brathappy for this time.
You prairie folk and your cute nicknames for hoodies.
;
RT : She in the basement eating gruel and popping out kids just because the nigga is the son of her favorite artist smh
Up again bout to clean this chicken then clean the bathroom  toss in a mini workout.
America; I've missed you.
3
I know the sun still shines when you're not around, I'm taking it easy in the worst part of town, and now I find it wasn't mean to last 3
Somebody should DM mee!
About to die of boredomm.
:/
Wrong Mary.
My bad.
You mean the one botox Mary.
Thanks, Sheri!
Yes, your Granite Bay group is the best!
Had a great time at InfoCamp.
Kudos to all the organizers!
Hollywood Hills roads are crazy !!
Gesh !
...
Varsity Lounge here I come !
Only one by is such a jam
Since you're on twitter right now maybe you'll see this and respond...follow me?
I'll make you a cupcake 
: all my brain cells diedlmfao
Fast Company rocks!
Sunday the 10th sounds marvelous.
I will!
Soon as I have a chance...
Love this game
You just always make everything my fault.
Sometimes it is but you take it too far,everytime.
You act like my parent..
Almost feels nice enough to open the patio today!
M I can't wait for patio season!
Until then....ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR MONDAY IS FANTABULOUS!
Just confirmed with that Ignite founder will visit tomorrow 2 get his ShapeShot 3D face portrait taken, cool!
BlackParentsQuotes try me
kk thanxx girly and don't make that sound weird in ur brain.
Come on man, let a brotha believe!
pump it up Matt!
U know I luv u all back RT: We love you 2nd lady!
RT : Give ur input  tweet PUVRadio Topic: DMV Music Scene RT
oh god me too.
It's ruining my plan of going to bed early.
Dubs and trips on a Saturday.
Holla atch your boieeee
AT THE MOVIES WITH THE FAM CHIMPANZEE THEN THINK LIKE A MAN UNTIL LATER XOXO
Just got home feelin sick af !
Celtics Putting on a show.
Always.
hahaha!
Guilty!
But I look so cute in it....so at least I've got that going for me :
be a active tweetlovers
Nahh just have a 4100 that is still chugging away.
Was curious was HP said as its replacement.
pry 2055 or 3015
Nice!
I bought that at City Lights in SF last year during SAAseemed like the most appropriate Beat book for the Mad Men fan.
My mom said is an idiot because he didn't know who Gabrielle Reece was.
I think she was actually offended.
The room is ready...we hope YOU are ready for some fun tonight
You welcome BH !
If I follow you you follow me thats how this is going to work I mean Com'on people 20 follows is shallow DONT U HAVEA HEART 
B1 Bicycles 6 tips for cyclist in rain and snow: 2.
Ride with tires with tread
Hell, my sexyy.
Gone make tany eat his words fasho !
article reads like a joke..
Ur path reaps Huge rewards for all of us...
Please keep forging ahead as ur compass dictates...:
thats good....
you still go to Deltona?
Too early to be freezing outside the mall right now, come on free gift cards!
DearOomf IM THE BEST DAMN THING THAT YOUR EYES HAVE EVER SEEN!
!
is it my lack of selfesteem?
When a person is ENGAGED to be married is he/she offlimits to be PURSUED by someone else?
Why/ Why Not?
oh wow lol!
No Boehner applause for salvaging auto industry; did jump up  flash mantits when Prez announced repeal of tanning tax.
My goal is to pay everything off and save up some money so I'll have the choice as to whether or not I want to work.
BioNJ to Host FirstEver Life Sciences Industry HR Conference on May 14
Biggest media companies today do not produce their own content
Looks like it's official.
Oregon's GOP debate has been cancelled.
Both Romney and Santorum bailed.
i feel like a looser staying home on a friday night.
I am legit in tears.
I don't really like this movie.
But I think the guy who plays Brandon is cute.
He's also the guy who plays Justin in The lying games.
3
I can't get over how cute Austin is in that video when he was three!!
OMG.
i am a tomboy i hang out with my bro more than my sis i hate highheels and i love Hightops and dude shoescool:
If your avi is not a pic of u, either your ugly or fat!
I'm the latter!
It should be in ur professorle info!
SMASH IT UP
Its game day!
Come out tonight at 7:30 to watch your CCDs perform to Tricky  Pause...
Oh  watch the Toros play too :
My sister doesn't seem to understand that the new clothes I buy are for ME.
me  Tupac got our Secret place 3
Don't be scurred, show another part of your life.
Yea it's like 30 minutes from Tampa I went out there a few weeks ago
Congratulations to you both!
I know you're both glowing with pride.
The sky's the limit :
that's hilarious!
It didn't look like it though!
Sad news about Junior Seau  If brain trauma is determined to be a factor, this could change the game of football as we know it
No, same.
If you were given the chance to come back to Denver would you come?
upearlytotrain gonna dig deeper than I did yesterday!
Insanity pure cardio and cardio abs, let's get it
TurnToYou is such a cute song I love it it : 3 it just shows how much Justin loves his mom  how much she means 2 him :D 3 3
Those are fresh!
Like us on FacebookMaxi's Little Italy's Finest Bistro
on wordpress and trying to get my novice tech head around it.
The second part makes you look bad ; but yes, I can't.
It's frustrating!
hey!
you're welcome!
Just trying to get through this friday.
feeling pretty sick so hoping to get better.
how about you?
OhMyGrande I hate when people brag .
It brings me down :/
AM I THE ONLY Tipsy ONE ON Y'ALL TL???
This weather just makes me wanna doctorve until I fall into a beach.
Awesome!
Glad you like it...thanks!!!
Don't kid yourself.
Brevity is not equal to wit here.
You'll catch on.
Can anyone produce a training video?
Sure but pros help w/effectiveness, editing, shots  make sure you have a msg w/value added.
I get tired of using the same phone after a while.
aha hey:
maybe all the people with toughbooks realized you didn't have one so you weren't good enough for them to follow.
I wanna dance like Chris Brown
hahah I lovee you3 can't wait to go out this weekend  havee funn ;
MT : I pray for spiritrooted communities and individuals willing to sacrifice for justice.
good luck tonight!
Will b voting no matter what 3
When it comes to tech support, there's nothing more important than customer experience!
Amen!
RT : Live your life and forget your age.
Take WordPress to the Next Level
scheduled to work the first weekend in March.
Just had our flat tire changed, and now, we continue our doctorve to Cincy.
Still so thankful for the many blessings in my life.
any of you want a bright little canadian for your trivianight team?!
Macworld Feature: Avoid Twitter overload
Fat is not bad for you.
Low fat is not good for you because they replace all the fat w/sugar.
How do you phrase an OH tweet about something that was typed to you?
Nerd Alert: I get a little giddy when I discover a family in what few pages remain of the 1890 DC census.
like sarah Michelle love Hewitt Jessica Parker or whatevertf.
I'm not sure yet :O
Who's already at the ?
We will be there in the afternoon spreading disaster info, hosting a jeapordy game, handing out chocolate!
FINALLY found a 4 camera wireless system that hoops and is double dispersion, testing now it is working great.
We will guarantee operation
If you meant Republican!
Welcome to the team!
not as much as I love ur son I wish I could marry him!!!
3
Happy Christmas dear Friends!!
:
washer and doctorer ur cute lol
When we say things like I can't , I don't have the money, ect.
We cut off the possibilities of anything great happening to us.
Is there someplace to watch online?
tanks to you too!
We're a game of skill, yet our presentation looks like The Price is Right.
To be taken seriously, we must take ourselves seriously.
night guys and happy ICONiversary 3
WW2 vet throws out 1st pitch.
Outstanding!!!
Pension protests block Guinea CBG bauxite factory
is still checking out twitter  twitter/facebook/twitter/facebook???
What's a girl to do....
Think I got the trainee cta el doctorver.
Going so slow.
I am Blessed and Thankful for all my 26K followers on Instagram!
:D
Its time for the last event of the weekend, the TAFP Board of Directors mtg.
Leaders will hear reports from all committees  commissions.
I'm tired of this place.
thanks for the FF love!
MT Jewish Disability Awareness Month introduces JDAM Reads w/ NYT Bestseller Story of Beautiful Girl
The Catholic Church has just finished retranslating its missal to more accurately reflect words spoken in the Latin Mass for 1700 years.
thats because I use a online translator..lol..
Congrats to for winning the Johnson City Public Library Poetry Competition!
Romniacs!!
RT Man, for 9:45 on a Wednesday this crowd is PUMPED for Romney.
: Dear girls, When a boy pauses his video game to text you, marry him.
ihatevideogames butitmeansalot
just sent files back
the meats of your labor
hope you will come to Hong Kong soonHong Kong Enchancers will wait for you!!!3
Know ur in a better place even know I can't see ya face
My worst nightmare!
I'd kick your ass!
:
Gotta get my tweets up smh they lookin kinda slim
One more run and Kentucky fans will blow the roof of this place!
Er...
Maybe not the best metaphor
Watching enough..
Love this movie
RT Underwhelmed by the Gilt City deal for Upright Citizens Brigade this evening.
Sorta funny.
But only sorta.
// agreed.
what gov interference are you speaking of?
Regulations and taxes?
me too, but our students needed financial funding...
Happy Friday!
Rock out this weekend!
i'm not sure value per user makes sense with FB's network effect
Okay.
I have to study for the GMAT now.
Has anyone you know had their license suspended for non payment of toll bills?
that said us women ARE totally over the man FOOLISHNESS don't they teach little boys how to zip their pants in prek?
What plants did you pick up for mom this weekend at the Mother's Day Plant Sale?
There has been no significant increase in global average surface temperature since 1998...we still must steward the EARTH better...agree?
I LOVE THIS SONGtonight only we run the night
ha definitely meant next year...
Clearly I'm excited.
Doc Rivers is 39 in his first chance to close out a series as Celtics coach, 63 after that via DM from
FamousPeopleIWantToMeet THE BEST QURTER BACK EVER.
mister TOM BRADY.
MICHIGAN MAN FOR LIFE
hahahahaha oh my gosh..
He has a more like New York style
That I don't know.
But it was all the talk during the long delay.
I hate when things don't go exactly how I imagined them.
I'm gonna regret this in the morning.
Insomnia, you are a bitch!!
going to have some neat cosplay here soon!!!
just doin what you always do
There was an Angels nohitter thrown the day I was born.
Mike Witt on September 30, 1984
Thanks  thanks for asking :
hm yeah I think he's told me but I don't see the resemblance :
happy birthday!
Follow?
Please?!?!?!???!?
have you read Back to December?
It's so good
Working in the loop today and Monday.
I'm not afraid of a bunch of hippies!
marshmallows sorry was thinking about Alex Marshall hahah
Always do right  this will gratify some and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
I love and for all you people that don't like her, need to open your eyes and see she is a sweetheart and is amazing':
Still.
No rain.
:
JohnnyRockets is so fun : They have the best fries!
I wish you were a stranger I could disengage.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D:D
bahahaha im so excited we're all going!!!!
Play basketball all day!
Tell to follow me
Powers out??
Since the lost and found cycle works anonymously we don't know when something is returned.
Has it worked for you?
If so, please let us know!
Good leaders must first become good servants.
Robert Greenleaf
If I took you home, it'd be a home run.
Looking forward to ballet classes, double puppies, and my own little green grassy yard.
Going to sleep at 8am, waking up at 12pm.
Not poppin'.
rape thing?
NWARK sharktank fans, we have to tune in to Tulsa station for all the fun tonight!!
But really, more guys should wear kilts
it wnt take long u bild head n e ways n aw look at my sis her so cute n her avi ;
And?
My first name is Veloci......last name Raptor
lmao thanks.
That was my first and last attempt with dubstep.
It came out too bassy
I say it WAS a catch.
Ball hit ground, but was trapped to leg.
No wobble, didn't use ground to catch it.
Thanks for the Inspiration!
I have a feeling i worry about my parents and there problems more than they worry about me 
Reeeaaally??
: I HOPE U AIN'T LYING TO ME.
LDSFollowReTwitter:  kellybranan: Hey, just showed up!
It's a lunch for three: kellybranan
When your so bored you cant think of anything to do besides tweet.
RT : Happy Earth Day!
By choosing Aveda Salons and Aveda products you play a HUGE role in caring for our Earth.
Thank You!
i just want to be be your firecracker.
RT : thank you for the RT and comment gratitude  You're welcome!
We just finished the Legislative Breakfast Reception at PreK Day on the Hill and headed to meetings with our Shelby County Legislators.
The Winter Market is indoors at Carmel City Center every Saturday through March 17.
yes, but please call the studio/store to make sure about the payment 5042670380.
and congrats!
sounds amazing tonight at
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE meeting cody, alli and tom was the BEST DAY OF MY LIFE just wannted you to know!!!
IM GONNA BEG MY MOM TO TAKE MEE!!!!333
with their rookie being on IR already if Beanie  StepHowl don't play who's the RB for AZ?
i hate when a hood song gets popular as fuck with all the black people  they use lines from the song after everything they say.
Amy and I LOVE that place  and you get to go to the original.
We have only been in NYC...Enjoy!
hes signed and has 9 albums, You should prolly come out with 1 song that's atleast been on the radio b4 you come at his neck
Everyday I am thankful for where I am.
I could have been anyone in any circumstance.
But I am here in school entertaining the idea of
Tonight, WE ARE YOUNG.
3
strongly believes that responsibilities of middle age are punishments for what I did in my youth.
I'm afraid to ask what that even means:
A girl's laughter is much more cheerful than a boy's.
But a boy's cry is much more meaningful than a girl's.
Can't wait to see this episode!
Had a great time talking with you guys.
subwoofers.
time to get more subwoofers.
Hope the dudes ok!
Tell me I can't, then watch me do
Sounds especially painful.
Hope you don't get a middle seat.
That will make Tuesday even worse!
Cool!
Hope to see you at BOW!
Have fun at BEA!!
Oh and I watch Feigns update video and I must say I'm very very fucking stoked!
Shout out to Devin!
Shit goes hard!
best disco nap ever
thank God.
I can put my shades back in the car.
thank you Cindi!
so sorry, lost my brother  law to the same thing at 32 yrs old too.
Jus Kawz You Say SWAG Don't Mean You Have SWAG
best program ever, so proud of u guys!
We are too poor to afford HBO now.
No more Game of Thrones either.
:
This girl said that i applied for a loan..
No mam
thx for the heads up on FB
Definitely just did the Borat ringing phone mime gag
STAR is over  I'm back in Austin from its bucolic setting.
Last thing we considered were charts with malefic rulers of the 1st/Ascendant.
Yes Sir...
Hope everyone has a little someone in mind for international ChildoctornsBookDay!
I will be reading a tale via FaceTime to my niece in FL!
What did reporter say Tiger had in his neck?
WWW.ussportspages.com
Great Jazz Night Out event tonight at Zona Rosa, Mark Lowrey Trio with Shay Estes!
Hmm..
I am like craving sea food..
Hahaha.
Piiff, you're throwing your life away.
Big data is something you might be playing with really soon here....
Anyone at FMLF12 interested in should join  at ESPN Zone tonight from 711.
Catch the free WOMM Com doctorwing.
You've got lots of friends, they don't get you paid.
I learned to stay away..
Amazing mentalist who was on Leno last night will b on my show 2NIGHT 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Its time u listened
Ichiro out of the lineup after 255 games!
Lmao!
Why haven't they thought of that yet???
such a wonderful recap!
if I have the money I sure will!
I'll be 21 in July!
Thanks to our new followers
Its so funny when you can tell that things are going well for someone because you never hear from them.
This is my third reading.
Gets better every time.
I'm gonna miss seeing Justin perform Runaway Love and One Time, but I can't wait to see him perform his new songs from
Yeah!
And florida is amazing!
You would love it!!!
Hm.
quote RT : Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most.
Unknown
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Red Velvet Cake w/Cream Cheese Frosting onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
Advertising and Graphic Design for about 10 years in Cincinnati
NO MI GUSTA FRIJOLES.
I don't know why ..
What's news withy ou brother?
How is the site coming along?
whats wrong wit you
I put it in my bookbag and everything, but after that little remark.
You can forget the nail polish remover.
don't forget to wear your shirt tomorrow.
I will kill you if you forget.
Chill'n  Logan.
Where are we going?
I don't know, but we better get there.
There is a lingering prejudice against electroniconly publications.
Even plos still prints some of their journals.
If you miss me  there's a problem .
Handle that .
instead of arguin with me over it .
I will daaaaaaaawg
I wish I was falling asleep in his arms tonight.
His arms feel so right, I miss them.
:
Today we made progress!
The triangle takes time, we just need to get the whole moving without the ball thing
I just made a scene in the key bank lobby
Dear Bosh, I miss you, and if u come back soon, I promise I'll never take u for granted again!
Sincerely, Andoctors
it's hard work pleasing so many women..;
Help get the spammers off mdsnow.
Block and Report .
You can readily see who they are.
Help.
Right.
He points out that the P and the S lose data that shifts their appearance.
It was a quick adjustment.
i wanna join u n if i live there mom :
: Cold  snowy this week.
Dammit.
I was getting excited for Spring :
Not your childoctorn's bake sale ...tonight as they host a bake sale of their own from 78PM with 3 items for only 10!

i Can Go Overseas  My Name Still Gone Find Its Way in Some Bullshit .
.
Smh .
thanks for following!
Hilarious!
Thats crazy!
, what's the deal?
Juke, Juke, Juke!!!
It's only the coolest car on the road!
Mason also reminded us to find things to be memorable, learn from the conversations you're having.
Great piece!
Thanks for posting!
Brewer's game this Summer?
you are seriously killing me here.
I better get it as soon as it turns 8:05
Story of my life!
: Song: We are aiming to overachieve today!
RT : RT : BeyoncesBabyName: JayZ's 100th Problem Lmao...why, why was this posted?
ha
resisting a terrible that's what she said joke...
indeed we have!
Mostly in learning mode lately.
Circling back to all the CS fundamentals I skipped.
:
which dealership, not north hollywood toyota is it?
Network Programmer needed for MMO company on the west coast Salary up to 130k.
right inside door
Multiple standing ovations for Lt.
Gov John Sanchez.
Fantastic.
My arms and legs feel sore..
I don't know why the fuck they do.
Going to see Incubus.
you jealous?
3
Practising pitches with multiple teams as the count down begins...
Chilly night in Dallas.
Took a little break to get some dinner and shoulda grabbed my winter coat!!!
Starting radio show now!
www.wvox.com
In other news, I really don't mind the light rain we are getting right now.
Windows open and airing out the house.
Thanks for the retweet!
I'm sorry I didn't have my phone : I just got it back
thanks for the info!
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!!!
don't forget to fill in your nics with
RT what you gone work on..upper body
WHAT HAPPENED?!
How did he hold your phone!
Spill girl SPILL ;
superstar potential.
Probaly still top 5, but stock prolly doctorpping.
I like how I haven't ate yet.
Bored so I'm gonna watch all 3 Friday movies lol
Bitch I'm RICH i was just Tryna help out in make you look like the shit!
Oh hey, there's your sex warning!
I certainly hope not.
In fact, I'm counting on it.
I saw the ThreeStooges yesterday an it was really, really good, although the sexual element was not needed and detracted from the movie.
Boxwire BizBlip: Make friends with the butcher.
Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
Did you claim your special offer??
I love everybody  even those who hate or hate on me
covers mouth while giggling yea I know ..tee hee..
erl12 Great content portfolio diagram from Sowell when this program is posted, check it out!
Nuts I starting to think she is love u hun
Doing well this weekend  Hope you are too!
I have relatives in the D.C.
area so enjoying hearing tales of the snowpocalypse :
I do too u idiot , I mean temporarily hate everyone at the moment
Glad you liked our tour.
We look forward to meeting with you next week.
i'm giving you a hug through my computer.
Why must people be such A Holes.
I totally agree.
Follow me is a Sexy account related to Porn :
Get rid of Plouffe.
I mean it.
WHAT IS THIS BLASPHEMY?!
right there with you!
livegriping the natural history programming.
Sunday scene...
Slept in  Breakfast treats  back room blitz  evening winddown...
even I, the conservative Sox fan knows Don't taunt Rahm
I know!!!
But I'm getting a rental car Thursday until they fixed the damage to my car.
So that's good lol
what are you doing out in buttermilk area?
Love is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.
Helen Hayes
: rude child lol
After last night, I kinda knew this headache would be here in the morning.
FML
And Steve Blake was firing from behind the arc
i miss yu2 ..wat'd u end up doin fa the break ?
I CANT WAIT UNTIL EVERYONE CAN SEE ME ON TNT
damn I miss stars :
dude yeah april fools'!
Was it a donut?
: Thanks for the RT!
Yes I think you're a bad parent if your on a motorcycle on the expressway swerving in lanes with your three year old son
Time to decide what to do for the night!
:
thanks for mother's day RT!
hahah Steve is gone
Have you heard they're making new eps of the original series now?
They're online but wellwritten and made.
If you ever want to go to flatiron let me know I am so wanting to try it!
OneThingYouDONTDo Lie to me...
I cant understand why Tebow thinks his prayers should be stronger than the other teams prayers.
Watching MUKU because Vols not on tv here.
MU to SEC has somehow created an instant hatred in my heart.
Screw you Tigers.
People will always give you 101 reasons why they can't.
While not understanding why they truly can.
EnlightenThem Chetney
WHAT WERE THEY RECORDING?!?!?
The headline of today's Columbus Dispatch: God's Block Parties
DIRECTIONERS!
follow  they'll follow back : x
I texted u fool
Kamara should have saved his public apology for tonight.
Back to work!!
Trying to find good sites for students to compare conservatism in Nixon to Reagan era and today.
Any good links?
whatever you need I'll help
I'm about to eat a candy bar before I go to bed because I'm a grown man and I can do that.
Note to self: Never shake a baby
Someone was hurt before u wronged before u, humiliated before u, raped before u yet, someone survived You can do anything you choose to do.
Yep...thank God I've been putting money in my savings for back up.
Yes party people..we will have bags and beer pong tonite!!
Happy bday Hilary Rasmussen
Does anybody give a !
about ?
Opinions wanted before I dump them from my email.
yeah i miss twev :
why are all your dogs so adorable?
we are so tempted to get milo a sibling!
Fuck that double standard shit!!!
Im ducking
mobile challenges tech expertise, costs to develop/device/plans, priorities, perceptions of nonusers, licensed vs.
owned content
almost as cool as acqua di gio and cigarettes.
I think I need to go to sleep and wake up again cause this looks like piss off brad day
Happy Birthday to lovely
KState takes the delay to punt it.
UT has a chance here.
I can't deny it she can get it
I need your advice with something, please help me?..
K thanks Alex3
Warriors offer Tyson Chandler 4year deal
Mighty Smashed?
Super Smashed Bros.?
Smashed Mouth?
Finally!
A decent day in the capital city!
Stop on by and get your bike tuned up for the Market to Market race this Saturday!
Hey Samson Peeps, do you manufacture your bicycle parts locally to Denver?
Yes, it's great!
I need to put it into practice!!
Seeing signs all over Scripps Ranch tonight.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 70
back in the shop !
got that 2:30 feeling already, damn it ain't even noon
GradBash was unbelievable.
Absolute blast.
Sky zone today!
I dunno what you're into, but The Roots  Don't Feel Right is another good track
Me and my Tinky just laughing !
Thank you and deffinatly i wanna chill with all yall sometime soon but im taking sometime to myself for now
Actually.
Just me and garbear are going.
We're in love.
And bringing some AMAZING homemade menudo from my aunt's house
I spin at most Saturday nights.
Hit me up when u get into town ill hook u up
Lucy!!
Where's my white collarless shirt from FRED SEGAL!!!!!!!!!
I feel stronger then I ever have bad times can only weaken you for so long.
: Or Pettis.
Cerrone vs.
Pettis sounds fantastic, too.
would win!!
I'm not a hater
thanks man
morning from ney york :
Actually they did better last season.
At this point and overall.
No problem.
Have fun!
In the public interest to facilitate both protection for owners  to help libraries.
Will revisit library exceptions
OMG hell my Love i'm so happy you're back!!!
I am fine thx..
And you ??
testing out the Gale apps for our school.
I like it.
Help this guy get his guitar back!
I hate thieves!
he'll be back...he's been very busy lately that he doesn't have that much time in between acting and singing to tweet as much.
Love that song!
Down on Me is a good one too!
Had an awesome time tonight, stay in touch
OK but we'll have to change again, then again.
FollowNotYetFriday and as they live tweet the OWS march through Manhattangoing to be staring at my Twitter feed all night.
twitter has got to be the dumbest thing ever.
facebook  twitter
Beer bong.
Great idea doctor Michaels!
RT : Cash for Candy collection goes to the troops
9moredays of my junior year..
and I really don't think I can do it.
finals this week.
kill me now.
Guess I Can Go Wit It, But Im Not No Lame...And No Bitch Not Finna Fuck My Go Up.
Doinn It All For Him.
If this keeps up, we will build in igloo outside and move in.
It would save some money.
;
Son In Law
RT : fact i love soca music
WTH HELL UNDERTAKER NEEDS TO GET BACK OLD SCHOOL AND MOLLY WOP DAT BITCH
Maybe I shouldn't read books on serial killers before going to bed
from last night's dareproject discussions: Yo, Watson.
Shit is afoot.
Well one thing is for sure.
The Avengers is certainly deserving of all the plaudits it's getting.
Wow, what a GREAT movie!
i can't decide if Iam just old or if you were a child protege
I swap ya if u have a boy and we have a girl.
Okay.?
Only joking btw Congrats to you
np:D  what is ur name?
we're testing out times because of availability of top pros.
later time creates more opps.
we'll have taped show up faster too
There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.
Peter doctorcker
Wake up and read that Obama wins the Nobel Peace Prize.
To paraphrase the Black Eyed Peas, 'today' is going to be a good day...
Coalition of Suburban Communities for Fair Representation is presenting district maps.
Ah, thought there was some significance e.g.
bookworms.
Night owls read books through the night maybe :
People reject us when we exceed their expectations.Rejection should not harm u.It's meant 2 arm u 2 push u into your destiny
As it turns out, it was the strep fairy that visited last night.
Fun day..bicillin shot in the hip.
Ouch!
DESPITE LATE GOAL BY RANGERS, CAPS HOLD OFF TO HEAD TO GAME 7!
Ok cool :
I love your handlebar mustache!
It's official.
I'm signed up for the Eagle Creek Sprint.
Fuck you red line.
Fuck you.
digital design ha lost its sense of experimentation in the past 15 yrs or so says Neville Brody.
CA ranks 46th in degrees per headcount and degrees per full time enrolled students.
Hope you sleep well, and see lots of balloons tomorrow morning.
Thank you!
: FF FollowFriday consider following: 
RT Gon need a new alternator n serpentine belt soon for the ga smh
I wanna be held!
!
But I don't have a boo ...
smh story of my life
talking about that last tweet?
Haha truth bro.
It's annoying to me
What is happening in buffalo?!
Great suggestion
it means awesome right?
Great catch bullpen catcher protector guy!
It is shocking, the amount of work I get done when Gmail is down.
Is there a lesson to learn here?
Dinner/predoctornks before smcsea tomorrow?
Was this season or series finale of CriminalMinds??
Are you from New York or Boston?
RT : THIS TEAM IS THE FUCKING POSTER TEAM FOR HARD WORK AND TEAM MENTALITY
Learn how RTOREWARDS can help you reduce customer skips and customer turnover.
Visit us today!
www.clientrocket.com/rto

mhmmnn Today Is The Day !
Can't Wait To Wild The Fucc Out With My Bestfriends...
I can't Wait For MY Suprise!
My  replies aren't updating.
How annoying.
Seeing all the footballers tweet about fitness makes me miss soccer so much more
root beer floats monopoly sannyfranny volvito missions!!
Lots of cookie cakes walking out of this Giant Eagle so far this morning.
I missing something?
Cinco de Mayo CakeInTheBreakroom?
hell yea
finally a scandal that does not involve sex.
its ok to defraud the country with bad loans but don't fake a degree,scott can be my ceo anyday
Yay!
Just went on my 300 tweet!
Wring my way up there I'm at 300 tweets and 42 followers: beliebers follow me
I hope I get out this house tonight....its boring despite my reminds on my tv for all the movies till 1 am lol.yep I need a companion!
Hard work DO pay off.
Gym Time 
mister.
Hellendar again, for having us learn that 2 scoops is better in DESSERT, than one in the DESERT.
What am I doing you ask?
I'm trying to figure out how to use twitter!
This looks like it's going to be exciting.
So many people 2 follow 
Happy birthday to me happy birthday To me happy birthday dear Kiki happy birthday to me!
NEWSIE: Stay tuned for our Sake Set O' the Day Series  eye popping designs coming your way!
I love when nonintimidating people bitch me out...
haha wasn't me luckily, that was
And congratulations to the :with so many people writing good stuff, why did they accept to publish Riley's junk?
to get audience?
It was GREAT!!
knock knock knock Momma Scott Knock knock knock momma Scott Knock knock knock momma Scott
Don't fear the enemy that attacks you, but the fake friend that hugs you and daps you off
it's impossible
We Gotta Get Livee.!
After the opera tomorrow night there will be free apps and opera talk at Jacob Wirth's.
Let's chew the fat over a brew!!!!
Thanks, we can't wait!
You KNOW you're my bestfriend.
Like honestly.
But I'll do it anyway c;
I cant deal with people that are bums.
Today a judge will sentence Christopher Hanney who was convicted of setting his estranged wife on fire.
He faces a possible life sentence.
Well done Bubba!
It's seriously Break Taylor's Heart day isn't it?!
do you know how much that means to us?!?!
I dont like how them little kids dance its lame !!!!
Need help in the kitchen.
A few hours each weekend of dishes and clean up.
Anyone available?
RT Eric Frank Knowledge talking about leveraging knowledge in new and expansive, barrierfree ways
Hahah it's so difficult
Me too.
Whenever I watch it I get so emotional.
Not just about product performance, it's about the experience Healey
Just saw on shaqtin a fool throwing it down.
Norma, that is what I call intelligent criticism
Yes it's that time super impact is ready for the big opening come out and be apart of it we would love to have you!
Is there an 'amazing person' convention in town?
Because our customers so far tonight have been OUTSTANDING.
Want to receive gift cards?
DM us your birthday and/or anniversary!
They say, every kiss begins with Kay, bullshit!
Kisses begin with a couple shots of patron, and some ass grabbing !!
You make me happy.You make me laugh.You make me smile.
You make me forget.You make me strong.
You make me forgive.You make me be myself.
Hello!
Thanks for following me...
Quoting those songs.
Hey girL...
I tried hittin u up...
shoot me a text when ya get this :
listenin to The Kid Daytona.
His mixtapes Go Hard!
There is honestly nothing that I love quite as much as helping other people get their shit together.
Probably because it distracts me.
Haha no way!
Lucky girl :
I'm who I am
Yo...Made in Jersey.
Lookin' good.
Looking for a dog for a Veteran on the Montgomery Co Humane Society website and can't believe how many beauties there.
So sad :
what is the best way to send an inquiry to noisetrend?
obviously.
Gotta do a Sunday roast before I leave UK
Congrats to all our ninjas for earning another stripe on their belts!
This one was for leadership!
Thanks for another great wk of classes!
I'm really emotional right now.
It sucks having feelings ...
usually I don't have those things 
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
:
Furry Xmas HpyNew Yr!
RT THANK YOU!!
Pkg.
just arrived.
THE DOGS' BOOK OF ROMANCE is darling.
Will share with my dog posse friends.
iPod, check.
Work clothes, check.
Motivation  whoops left that at home!.
It's interesting how every company puts in their own hashtag along with every advertisement
While there's nosuchthingasafreelunch we sure are getting close!
Check out our new deals every week!
i hate complicated girls..
more than anything
Last night I had a doctoram that The Eleventh Doctor and I were stealing the last two launch vehicles to escape nuclear war.
Separately.
MAKE Suree To Checkout!
MY Twin Bo's MUSIC VIDEO!
On YOUTUBE!..TALENTED RAPPER..supraMy doctorams Are Our doctorams..NO WASTE of Time For SURE!
Hm Facebook is down.
I can't decide if I think this is a marketing ploy for The Social Network or if its just the end of the world...
wow!
ISTE Outstanding Young Educator 2011.
Really??!!
Awesome!
Stay in bed.
I will bring you tacos.
need to talk to you about this show on the 12th in Covington that is on with krit
thanks for the invite .t
Send us your Friday Reads!
We're reading Undecorate by Christiane Lemieux and The Dark Enquiry by Deanna Raybourn this snowy weekend!
This is the first day of the rest of your life.
Make it count
you guys are freaking adorable, ok
18k Congratulations you are the best girl3 I love you!!
Follow me?
HAPPY MONDAY!!!
Haven't had the veggie cheesesteak at Monks Cafe, but can verify that everything I ate/doctornk there was awesome.
SoTrue u not alone on dat RT : I don't even care to have a ringtone on my phone anymore, that shit is lame to me.
Lol.
Cesar GOmez's status: Either you will work to build your doctorams or someone will hire you to build theirs.
Happy 100th, Arizona!
I miss Tucson, the mountains, the smell of creosote bush after the monsoon rains.
Sure don't miss AZ Republicans.
do you like MOGL?
what else have you used it for?
just wondering, have seen it around
Me and my auxillary office........
Rest in peace Dick Clark.
You will be missed!
: 
insomnia I don't sleep well and can't use NyQuil or what not because if we get attacked or have major equip' casualties, it's GO time!
I think we can change the world!
Hey,did you want to do something with the tracks?
anythG with naked bodies simulatG sex will get viewers...HBO Girls is NOT a hit.
Internet porn, X DVDs are hits!
oh baha yeah then i guess it is me
Surprised at how quickly the defense rested its case in the Edwards trial
mos wanted could've done better, but ian's face can't get any better
Just bicycled through a cloud of bees without a mark....although, what's that buzzi  YEOUCH!
Scientific data must be libre from the point of creation
Lol, im at the store and a baby boy got yelled at for singing to , she obvs.
needs JESUS.
..
RT : Lotta Bama bros have sunglasses on their necks Fellas it's a night game...indoors.
Congrats to for not turning off her ringer.
3 spanks for her, get out in the hallway and bend over
good luck!
Lol
What is there to do today?
2011 HDSA Celebration of Hope Gala is underway!
Gonna raise a lot of  4 HD research!
Anyone else have a crack O flight tomorrow and want to share a cab?
My flight is at 7:15a
We ain't got time for the internet grind at the moment....
We grind the streets
thanks for the follow, cousin.
Have a great week.
yeah I am putting like 20 videos into one so it's going to take awhile lol
Abortion: A baby can live without it!
who is ur suggestion?
I don't think Myers is the answer/ready either, for the record.
I'm at RBA talking w cool HR folks abt twitter.
Whoa!
KNEW IT.
amazing game...
Nervous about 1st couple mins of 4th
too bad we missed each other.
I'm at the MC office quite often now if you'd like to meetup sometime
Sublime Text 2  TextMate 2.
Insanely fast, and minimalist UI.
TM2 is absolutely horrible, in my opinion.
Not too busy.
Maybe break up left text.
Fit to three columns?
Will look weird if bend hits wrong spots.
Text/bkgrd issue
but you got buckets
Magic Johnson with his patented tardy tweets
Can't wait for 's FindingNemo3D !
Barring any injuries, Wolves make playoffs.
Thanks a lot, dick!
so many exotic peruvian adventures already!!
including petting stray cats?
What do you need help with?
blink blink
if ur an eagles fan theres no reason u should be cheerin for the rival team
Woah!
Pushing through those big sellers at .695 SNPK!
I'm out of court and oh man it feels good to say I'm free
proud of u baby cousin
There's a beautiful red quarter moon put tonight.
Happy searching!
RT The 1940Census is now live!
AOTUS is performing the inaugural search of his grandparents in Beverly, MA
Attention!
Latest press release by Scott Lund doctorps a bombshell  the Mona Lisa wasn't painted in Florence, it was painted in Rome !!!!!
Do you think Ben plays this week?
Steelers can probably beat Rams without him...
Finally boarded.
One hour delay not too bad.
AMAZING job this weekend!
you and your team deserved that win!
hope to meet you next year at worlds?:
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were.
But without it we go nowhere.
They got married, he was gay, he sued HER??
And she was like ..I don't think so?
OMG a there's groupon for IHOP today!
What a great reason for me to eat there!
jk no it's not; there is no good reason to go to IHOP.
Anyone want some ihop ?
Can't wait 4 my Lakers to leave the Denver mile high area, so the can close this deal
Man what lol RT : I need to learn to underanalyze
Indestructible wallet with a writable surface ?
Yes please!
Check out gift shop fun in Museum Magazine
I've been feeling like writing lately.

I'LL BE WITH ERICA AND RIKKI SO IDKKK YET RT : THAT MEANS NO
What we do next is what matters most.
Jim Woods
: Knowing Giroux is watching this makes it better.
Knowing Crosby is spooning Malkin instead of playing now is kool too!
The weather isn't helping either.
Although...some very insightful and well articulated comments by writer at
Hopefully the next photo I post will be me with a big oversized check.
But that's a good thing, right?
In following one's breath, notice t/ perfection: accept t/ life force flowing in, let go of all that no longer serves U on t/ exhale.
Great point!
Tyler the creator .
FUCK TOO'DOPE, CHOKE YOUR DAMN SELF, FUCKIN WITH YALLSELF YOU CAN USE A HANDHELP!
donated to locks of love.
Awww, RIP Dick Clark.
End of an era.
Hanukkah starts this evening!
Inviting all to light their menorahs and follow it up with a nice Holiday Gonesh scent..
I've got Snowy...
Hey Scott, sorry for the late response but there are no plans for an equipment sale this year.
If it's on the internet its gotta be true.
Door Handles LTD Mix Security With Elegance
I hate after effects once you do I nice lookin thing people expect you to make everything great.......
Grrrrrrrrrrrrr
Heading to Charlotte for partner summit.
secret circle got cancelled Faack you television people.
Cant you cut of actually stupid shows?
Awesome.
RT : Aoki on fitting in with Brewers: My father is a big fan of beer.
A little bit mad at myself.
:
right back at ya!
RT : Had my first call with from Octagon.
A great new partner and a Yankees fan...BONUS
Planning a TAMPA DJ  PROMOTERS ONLY MIXTAPE What yall think?
Congratulations to Welcome to SF.
Party Tonight!
Josephus Daniels Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it.
I am what I am.
I can't help myself and if you don't like it get with somebody else.
I'll never change my ways.
doctornk plenty of water.
It fills you up and keeps your body lubricated.
I want an ice cold brew
Taking shots on a Wednesday night
Of course it counts!
Why haven't we done a story at Pipers Pub yet?
I love you guys.
how's it going?
sick!!
thanks!
Life is full of risks.
Take them, because you'll never know what could have happened if you don't.
Yea he cares about nobody only himself
What's YOUR approach to youth?
WWW REALLY?
RT : Thanks to for believing in me when I didn't believe in myself.
thankateacher  We all need those...
We are!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
One of our shippers was wearing those just yesterday!
Sign up for restock email, we'll let you know as soon as they're back in.
:
If you come out of the gym doctor and happy, you ain't doing it right.
Baby Bash followed me :
my man!
Thats the ultimate jam!
hahaha ferssuree have you seen him live :D
we might do a movie night potluck.
Plan accordingly.
My timeline is awesome :p
gonna go run fartleks like a champion.
you watching from the office or want to join us in Brooklyn?
i saw you last night!
sexy 3
: Larry Flynt just said Having sex with a condom on is like jerking off with a glove.
Who does that?
No me
Morning run to clear my head.
Caught some of the first
extremely jelly
Chat Leftovers: Pie problems  Washington Post
i did 8 times
Don Shelby visits Common Good Books to sign his book, The Season Never Ends, at 11:00 this morning.
Just give me your MyAlganon display name.
Zombie Granny Origins Ready to Take a Bite Out of Your Andoctorid
Good reminder.
I just backed up my entire computer; will do WP next!
The week is more important than the weekend  What are you going to do with what you were taught on Sunday?
I think I would hyperventilate out of excitement XD
I agree that could have been on that list, along with and
what's wrong?
wish I was going to be at the show
Enjoy the twists and turns in the journey, it'll make the destination that much better.
yessir, luckily I dont hv 2 go by the curriculum bc I'm sure as u know, the info is really good but it isn't culturally relevant
Great fights this weekend!
Gotta say it...I think it is time for Yves Lavigne to go!
He is just too dangerous.
Chris Leben could have died!
condoms prevent stds.
Women don't have 100 control of condom use.
Birth control pills give them 100 control.
I really need some benadoctorl
I know we're like the same person that's why I love you so much : lmaoo
Finally got my card.
Forgot how much I love borrowing books.
Followed : Check out my videos and share with your friends and like my FB page: MarissaMFans
Spy's are all around us...
Be careful what u posts..
We're going to be selling tickets, actually.
We'll announce it here and thru Cat when we have that set up.
You're welcome.
:
Omg Justin Bieber  50 walking out with Mayweather?
Oh I hated you guys before.
NOW I REALLY HATE EM I hope Cotto punched Beebs in the face
thepitch cool office
Aren't blind dates the worst .
and will be poppin tonight!
You ready people???
Hey.
We should all put our hearts up and plant love grow peace.
Cuz if we give a lil love maybe we can change the world
are u sure u don't want to go to JCS?!
Lol
My doctorm solo is trending on twitter
The Dentist is the Shit
Meh.
Maybe.
But I hate the fact that I get yelled at the most when it's break.
It's so annoying.
Just got word that April Schafer is on her way to set up...let's do this thing!
Excited to open a new exhibit!
It's pretty much the only one of his other than Jesus' Son that I really like.
I wish to marry princeton,and be with him 4eva hes the best and the whole crew RT if u agree and by the way,mb i luv u 143 stay mindless
Opening day always reminds me of one thing  I wish I still collected baseball cards.
Nothing will top the '87 Topps set  great look.
I will call that one thesit Best touchdown ever
like in front of fine silver ranch : walking towards silverbrook
Hopefully i get off punishment !!
Hmm i wonder why so many ppl have beaf with
Holiday cheers!
:
The kids performed SO WELL yesterday.
Better than I've ever heard the ensemble in fact.
I'm REALLY proud of the choir!
Unjust results.
Burbank, I think : is that right, Amy?
I'm sorry you have a hard time convincing some clients that you're better than some other rails shop, but don't fuck everyone in the process
Lol I remember when I used to say  YOLO !
instead of saying  Hello  hahah .
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader.
how are you feeling my friend ??
yeah but now you're back in MKE.
Cactus League Nachos!
who u been on a roll my nigg
Assistant Tito Vilanova will take over next season.
Guardiola's last game will be the Copa del Rey final against Athletic Bilbao on May 25.
Just saw a whitewinged dove doing a courtship dance for a mourning dove.
Dude, pretty sure she's not interested.
In neighboring district, no teams stalled  teams thrived.
Their teams became stronger  kids were recruited.
I thought it was going to be a body!
lol
See, I would have written that as If I just eat like 4 avocados for dinner it will be awesome.
you might be interested in our ipad typing trainer's intermediate and advanced courses.
I'm up to 65 wpm!
bwah?
did your old one stop working or something?
tell yo cuzzin to call me back when ypu get in contact widd her
and the work of homeownership begins....haha
a dude at the daily ordered four egg whites and four shots of espresso.
how does that work, exactly?
Discover the Sierra Vintners Wine Trail Memorial Day Weekend!
Tour 15 wineries in Sierra Foothills.
Info  tickets  www.sierravintners.com!
doctorver of wmata 36 bus improvising route because of evictdc road closures.
Doing a pretty good job too.
you know you have my votes for obama2012, can I get a follow for the business chapter at your former school in the new year?
Nice to finally meet you!!
If you still need phone help let me know.
She is a real coolkid :
Sad truth...
call for change RT : Fewer than 3 of foster youth will ever earn a college degree.
Nice to see my tomalom today:
I could be like the others and congratulate you on Facebook.
But no Congrats can't believe you're a 3rd degree black belt now!
:D
I'll fight him to the death in the mosh pit because that's a great ice breaker ;D
things that make you go Humm!
Support us :
Currently destroying my PIAT!
Wow so it's my fault okay dhmu
I really don't have the patience for annoying bullshit today so fuck off.
Tim Bakdash gets 40 years in prison for hitting and killing U student last year
Come on baylor!
Fake Vomit Recipe, FYI: oatmeal, green and yellow food coloring.
Simpler than anticipated.
I'm burning up!
WordPress both at SXSW is pretty cool 
omg!
I always wanted to g their, is it fun?
:
yeah!!!
Boss
they kind of resembles him to
Hey Bro im Okay How about you ?
xx
you mind playing a little later.
We got a poetry showcase on at 9pm.
Pm me.
Best companies to print ladies' tshirts and tanks?
And go!
Wow!
What a game.
Hats off to KU.
Stay strong Buckeye nation!!
Your BF's about to get F'd in the B!
How are you just waking up?
Bitch I've been at school fr the past 1hr
Tonight  MISSING by , starring
Quit playin games wit my heart!
: Eastwood  the people who go there are just all stupid.
I ain't stupid so stfu.
:
NP RT : Both the book and DVD actually helped me back when I could still play, thank you!
Googled it!
Thanks.
I will check it out.
May 5 is my bday.
Is this good news about the moon or should i hide?
I'm definitely going to try!
It may be a hit, but Ronda looks miserable in that picture!
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL and NEVER let anyone tell you otherwise.
I get called that all the time, just ignore it.
:D Mi!
I'm still looking for The Texas Renegade!
Where are YOU?
We LOVE our fans!
Especially when we see them at WalMart in Tyler, TX!
Finishing up school work and then playing around with Ableton Live for the first time since I got my Alesis io2.
im watching the jersey shore and cutting myself
Going into the studio soon.
New photos courtesy of David Nguyen coming soon.
With your help TeamOtenki 2012 will be amazing.
Now if he was blk, would anyone have rescued him?
if he was in a well tailored suit and obviously looked lost, would a cop have helped?
Have you been slapped by the online rumor mill?
HAHA!
Making doctorcheckup apt on my phone w/ was 100 times easier than using health care provider's website.
just spent too much money at Costco...as usual
you deserve that and more!
WhatILoveAboutTwitter Celebrity Parody Accounts
AWESOME!!!!story can't wait till chapter 1!!:
holy crap....thats a lot of toppings on that bad boy lol
The source of this scientific survey???
MT : most minority moms back me because they want their sons to live long and prosper
am i feel the obligation for him now too?
nope, of course not, i marrying him one day....my obligation is a mahomie thing only;
eu adoro o austin de mais
We're working on updating the website, and all sorts of other stuff  in preparation for RMAF 2012!!!!
Beautiful Earth Day :Plant a tree today!
you can tell her, she's mine too ; lol
Still dont know how I woke up this morning and my dog buddy has a corn pop stuck on his ear.
??
Lord willing!!
Why?
Want me to comment?
You know I'm not allowed to Tweet/text until the commercials.
;P
Did I missed something or did the Clippers not wear their Blueaway uniform all season ?
Okay that awkward moment when my followers don't answer me
It was cold all day until I layed my brother to rest
choreographing with arvie.
without you by
Extra rehearsal at Berklee tonight my mom's being a pain about it 
Seeing for the first time with his band.
They are killing it.
A good couple of hand balls on that score by Fabiano.
u  the game tonight
haven't been on this hoe in a min...
What's good?
Who got some new music to be shared?
There is no water in Russia, there is only vodka!
we still need to make our trip to Russia.
I agree.
Already the sports show are on it.
It was game one.
Today is a new day.
Win tonight.
BIG thx 2 everyone who participated in aad12.
It was great 2 have such a passionate, informed  dedicated group of advocates from
I enjoyed the ending of cabin in the woods more than the Mavs game.
thanks for the follow and for all the tips.
if thomyorke knows you exist then you know you're alive
North Dakota State has extended a scholarship offer to Hudson sophomore Alex Herink.
Thanks you!
Wow!
Giants really are going to win this game, huh?
Ah Thanks Brent !!!
RT : love the pics, lyssa.
Looking good.: and you look like you're enjoying yourself.:
that rare moment when flights you were looking at actually doctorPPED in price
do it!
Then maybe she'll give you Greyson's number then you could give it to me XD
it's an irregular tho and that's the last question I have and I have to have it filled ouuuttt omg
for what???
For all the great things you are HERE to accomplish, enjoy your week Keep it up :
You looked so pretty in iCarly it was awesome thanks for making it amazinglike
haha I want to meet all of them
if i didn't love you guys so much Literary Map of the Hamptons would probably merit an unfollow :o
RT : Don't ever be afraid to start over especially if your current situation is bad.
Countdown to nap time: 6 hours.
always be a hopeless romantic.
Never give up C:
RT : Lisa Valentino: Take your Money out of AdNetworks.
Most of them will be gone in 12 month.
always feels nice to get a hit on a publication at a high ranking first rate journal after it has been turned down by a third rate journal
Damn you Bieber :S
ive bin voting all day for u guys, please follow back ?
:
my favorite hair on jordan was when he had the blonde.
I just need to survive the next 8 days.
will try to dig one up :
Thank you for getting that stuck in my head.
will be joining us.
NCAA UPDATE: Ohio to play Michigan on Friday in Nashville.
Just turned my t.v on so I wouldn't fall asleep.
.
Got me 2 cups of coolaid Lol !!!
LoveMyBaee 3
Happy Mother's Day!
3
I wish my heart was always on his mind, cuz he's on mine like all day all the time.
the key is wetness
I bet you have mate!
They keep that stuff pretty quiet tho.
just made a mistake w/ that one.
The call was long, but it was fluid.
getting my oatmeal late breakfast.
i've gotta sew today, 4 last outfits to throw together!
I have learned that The Grass is Greener, Where it Rains so much for on the other Side!
;
Thanks!
I was looking for something to talk about tomorrow on the Living Show.
Philly Sports: Eagles Notebook: No doubting Syracuse safety Thomas signed with
What is Elston's turnover per touched ball ratio?
Has to be crazy high.
OMG So freaking scared!!!
Tornado!!
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me: it would make my night!
I would go wake my sister up and yell in her ear:
Faith and fear cannot exist in the same place at the same time.
And I'm not such a big fan of fear.
Check out the Dash for Detection!
Pancreatic Cancer Research event....
great cause!
I am dude.
RT Fireman Ed  the rest of Jets nation, I'm gonna play my heart out 4u this fan appreciates that attitude!
trying to win stuff, get jobs, and finish school...
sigh only the school part is working out for me
00066b Wed 18apr12 .
Clock out 1915p .
Prepare documentation for funding Phase II of The China Outpost
Enjoy your youth.
Don't waste it on looking for something you don't need.
happy seven days till your birthday big bear
no worries.
It happens.
Felt good popping the 3 blisters i earned yesterday
This is part of how I got such great photos!
Powershoot June 10!
ALL DAY just bring yourself and get multiple looks!
Only 50 deposit!
lol pretty much buh text me doe,
Good Night everyone!
Remember if your struggling with the natural hair or product process, please don't hesitate to call me at...
lol I really really really want to go.
We would have an actual good chance of meeting him tho
Oh thank God, you almost gave me a heart attack.
:
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear ...
1 John 4:18
Signs you know your date isn't going well.
Hello, I'm Chris Hanson.
Tom Gleason of MassHousing: transforming Jackson Square is good business.
we just passed the Vegas Strip!
that sounds so great.
Q2 Foodiechats via RamonWOW What are your AllTime favorite toppings on your Pizza  prosciutto with arugula and figs
When is that change gonna come knocking on my door?
Nice choice my friends
I'm trying to get a lil vacation going!
I'll text you later about it more.
I just wnted the thought to brew in your head lol
Even though we lost it was still a good game : thanks babe for everything
2011 was so great we only hope for more
: When boys lick there lips sosexy Lip biting ...
Evenbetter mm
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
My phone's about to die so I'm tweeting from my boyfriends.
:
Right on, conveniently enough those should be available in the next couple weeks.
We'll keep you posted.
Also at Estate Boutique in Chapel Hill, NC
: I just scorched microwave popcorn.
Ladies and gentleman, 31 years old!
Whatever it tastes way better burnt!
If you are reading this right now : Have a good morning no matter what is going on in your
Rode over w/ the daddarioaustin guys to downtown Be sure to get some free at Rustys on 7th // at
Keep in mind, STL bench is empty, despite TLR's benevolent managing.
STLCards Rangers DidIUseBenevolentCorrectly?
Truth is I miss him..alot
Just picked up the rental upon arrival in Vegas but the roof rack came loose.
Had to leave a VM for Hertz...
unhappy family.
missing for a moment the absurdity of performing country club puppet show birthday parties...
in July.
//puppetpeople.com/
You have to create your own world whatever way you can.
life can be really hard, you have to fight your own battles, but you'll find help
Busy day ahead of me...legGO get this day started :
Yes a busy 1 4 me too but productive!!
Thanks!!:
Rihanna becomes designer for Armani Rihanna was the new face of Armani Jeans and Underwear , replacing actress Megan Fox.
She fronted the
What u gonna play?
Where p cruiser at?
Witches Heal!
Dwntwn hotels  bizs have the right to be dissappointed too.
I'm not a Jags fan, but Tebow would've brought in out of towners
Thanks for sending that out!
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.
Bo Bennett
Follow me please :D,.
lol!
Love this!
Camel caretaker...
Managed to make it through today's NY Times crossword without screaming like a little girl.
Ticket Oak and crying Verizon commercials need to go to hell.
Jerry Bergonzi last night was excellent.
A really unique voice that too many jazz followers have never heard of.
So basically if we both walked in somewhere infested with roaches  lizards, we'd probably rather be dead.
Sounds good lol.
ouch that cuts deep
OMG I hate all da 6 graders in my skool except 1!
They all annoying, rude,  think they all that!
And i only like a couple of 7th graders!
Just added to the wfx expo floor Aspen Group
FF  , two awesome  empowering PdPlus friends!
Well, I'll be in Chi for graduation next week.
Let's meet up!
Never in my life have I been so against sleeping, I don't want to for at least one year.
And then go back to normal.
Lol a
What determines if your a nice guy or not simply comes from what you do after they disagree.
Tan lines.
KidnPlay
Oh ya gets to use this account now
What's your tangible good?me
AFS11 u must get in touch w ur inner famine ukranian elders
Us too!
RT : We agree!
RT : We are a little biased here but everyone should support
Well the interstate bridge is completely stopped.
This is fun.
: SXSW SLOTS STILL AVAILABLE?
email  nathanonearth at g mail dot com
Chat: Rangers host Royals
Let Me Know the next time u fill ur shoes up with this high ass gas!
I am exhausted.
When do we get to sleep?
Jeff Saturday to the I like it!
today is May 18, 2012.
which means...
one most  till school is over.
plz get over now
Tech in schools has been used toward efficiency rather than learning and imagination
I was on a rooftop in Harlem!
alright duck
The order may seem backwards, but after a long day you have a hot bath first, THEN a bourbon neat at the bar next door before bed.
Gorgouse you are
fuck they changed it!!!
I dunno how to search even!!
Ok, will NOT be taking anymore detours.
I am glued to my chair!
So, I checked...
since I got my , I've lost nearly 7.5 lbs in less than six weeks.
I'm okay with these results.
Onward!
This song is every word I left unspoken
Young Jeezy's new video Leave You Alone is a great mini movie.
New faster network and wifi in my office can mean only one thing .
.
.
Wimbledon on the office laptop!
Northern CA Tour being booked for May!
10 corporate discount now available!
hahahahah i absolutely love this.
Hold the phone, people are seriously headed to a midnight premiere of ThinkLikeAMan?
That ish cray!
: pleading his case that packers are the most annoying...// and the most recent Champs!
?Energy is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
Lao Tzu
connection to God, its not meant for you to understand.
Tongues can be translated which at that time the holy ghost is present.
food if I had some tho.
Shirtless bum spotted at 39th and Roanoke.
In my mind that officially means it's summer.
In March.
Time for MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 3GHOST PROTOCOL on my couch, one of my fav places to be.
JeffcoK12 this is great
.
: obviously Internet is enabling speaking truth to power.
Its open nature, however, is not assured in the future
I got a subscription to rolling stone after a class in criminology their are a similarities between psychos and musical artists.
awwe i miss u to love:/ and me anna and deanna want u abck the most!!!
we keep bugging farias to bring u back!!
I know.
I notice that when he took his shades off.
CONGRATS 2 the Class of 2012!
are you saying that just because what rock as put you through in years past.lol.
It is called Facebook.
not ProblemBook.
Ritz always gets picked up at parties.
you must be TeamHeat :
ayy did u change ur number?
i m glad u are!!
love u!!
Almost Friday!
How's the wrist?
So happy to hear that you're coming back to youtube!
: Awe I Remember When I Made My 4 Letter Word Video For Him But He Never Seen It 
Got all my orders done, now I'm ready for my vacation.
Man yelling we will never take you for granite
Oh na na...
what's my name??
No, seriously, what's my name!
haha i just wanted to mess with you :
i started a marketing assistant job about 2 months ago and can't believe all the walking i get to do
u should b smokin right now wake  bake that's whut I'm doin
Correct but how do you explain him doctorving off a cliff while falling asleep  the wheel?
I don't have the facts but it adds up.
damn that grinds my gears when girls say  all guys are assholes obviously you've been hooking up with the wrong guys or talking with them
Why do people still ride around with bubble tented windows like seriously not that it was ever ok lol
I wish ClintHurdle was the Reds manager.
A recent survey found that 44 of people plan to dine at a restaurant for Valentine's Day!
Are you one of them?!
Wish there was a way to figure out what's open today in Brooklyn.
It's not bad outside and I really don't want to waste another day!
Prelinger  for solutions, let's look homeopathically  to allow us to back off if solutions works than the problems
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 31
honesty is key  happy to see you being vocal on where you are with Slade  getting married!
Rock on!
: If you don't like La Dispute, chances are I hate you
iabccleip copyright notice is free and let's ppl know your work is proprietary.
Do it.
I've been here before 10,000.
Wish I would have tweeted you more :/
Is she wearing a saftey patrol vest under this jacket
I want to be a part of it...
I heart you, tony!!
ok thanks just making sure
You've gotta admire Hawk Harrelson for still giving his HR call even when he has to wait a few seconds to ensure the ball went out.
If you saw the first 10 minutes of 9News last night, you can see why it is important to provide education and discourage doctornk doctorving.
Last question of the week and last chance to win a plush throw.
Answer True or False using acsskin.
RT and get a second entry!
Who else other than Don doctorper can cheat on his wife with another mans wife and then clock the husband for calling him on it?
Nothing worse than sneezing into your beard.
that's how it feels like for me every time I go home!
Weird huh.
This is awesome, tune in to now if you lub da wub: : with your DailyDoseOfDubstep
sup bro!
she was doctorving a brand new bmw suv, i dont think she was a poor lady, toting an iphone 4s and wearing atleast a 50k ring :P
RT : Some heavy business hath my lord in hand,
Go on, watch your sports.
My brothers and I keep talking in English and mom said, what?
What?
What are u talking?
What?
Missed the game but was watching the twitters very carefully...
I need things.
I need corn and I need a snake.
Our Deer Valley location is now swirling NSA Coffee.
Mango and Strawberry Lemonade are on deck, look for them over the next few weeks.
Yum!
What's your quaility?
How much are you worth?
Don't depreciate your fashion value....
PuBlic bathrooms..
Eeww
Finally a day off..time 2 make music not just play it!!
Tomorrow spinnin Coppertop Bar at day and MotherLoaded Tavern at night!oh hey!
haha
I know...
the timing was...
surreal.
Our teams are out and about tonight: talking, selling, smiling...
Just added 2 new photos to the Spring/Summer Line Album.
Check them out and let us know what you think!
Thanks for the follow!
Miss You!!!
fallen.zer0 is my yahoo ID.
: How you be, MC?
Is that the back of the concession stand at the Marcus Amphitheater?
I think you can see that from Lakeshore State Park.
Cody is in arizona doing a sound check!
That's awesome!
Is he reacting to the product placement?
RT : Mason King pic in ad looks like he thinks it's BS
WSOP Main.
Sigh.
Always interesting to look at the numbers.
Chances of me losing all 4 out of 5 allin pots I plyd?
0.6.
Yep!
Pretty sick.
Yay!
See you soon!
:RT : Super pumped for training tomorrow at !
See you bright and early!
I am at a women's networking event where they are talking about very basic SEO.
Yawn
Thank you for speaking to us!
RT : Thank you for including me in your story!
U WELCOME!
I keep coughing!
D;
You're fine!
and I'll probably sit in the back, but you guys can come sit up there, idk lol I feel terrible right now
How are these data sets being accessed?
What is the life span of electronic data vs traditional paper research?
The costs are enormous.
I hate my life..
I cant live without you...
Old boy better lawyer up and get some  bc thats beyond messed up
Wait what!?
What station?
So say hello to falsetto in 3 ..
2 ...
Hitsugaya its so cool :P
I can't explain what happened over twitter!!!
I'll have to tell you whenever I see you again!
you have to sign up but it's worth it
I am sorry to hear that.
I hope your family member and friend are better soon.
.
It's not a proposalit's an illustration of how we live in a world of artificial scarcity and actual abundance.
DTF
Suck my snake, AZ
maybe i roll a cigarette and make a coffee.
or maybe i take a nap.
Interesting so far that future of book in digital world has not yet arisen as topic.
How do you write IN digital age?
Shakespeare quote in avengers made me happy.
new levels of disappointment.
Checking out 3D Printing at betascape.
Really cool!
He had minor clean up procedures every other year to keep wearing it.
Hackleaf presentations are about to kick off!
Let's see what our rockstar engineers came up with...
wearing anything adidas during a baseball game..
nofeel slump busters on a Sat night
I'm looking for a few good So Cal shows to go to this week and check out some new bands.
Anyone going to a good show!?!?!
Congrats Robert and Susan Downey on your new sweet baby boy, Exton Elias :D
Have I mentioned how sorry I am for everything nice I ever said about Ramon?
I hate the point of the night where the only new tweets I have are links from the New York Times.
Makes me feel unsocial.
I just finished presenting View and demo'ing ThinApp for a 45 minute session.
Follow up questions after, 45 minutes.....
Who gon stop me huh?
CRM tools can be very customized for individual teams  firm members, that once growth starts somewhere, it may only expand.
cc'
We're both Gemini Vegetarians...
screw the box!
I think outside the straightjacket
Ok Leo/lady.
If I want any tranny advice I'll keep you in the loop.
Now go do your hormone treatment.
Hello to all new followers  hope to see some of you at likemind Chicago on 5/15 at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn!
Big Announcement: Sprint chooses Boxwire for employee feedback!
Welcome and thanks for joining Boxwire!
Its a big day!
ROFL Jersey Floor ftw
u a mac guy?
i have a DVD stuck in my macbook pro.
and computer seems to in a way b frozen trying to read disc.
grrr.
Thanks!
Still having an issue, but think it's a server thing so we're just standing by while your excellent techs work on it!
:
I just got Ship Breaker by Paolo Bacigalupi I didn't realize the cover was so shiny.
rotates book to admire
absolutely.
Enjoy your weekend too.
I also need a new job, GAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWD, my doctoram job didn't call me back, brb, slitting my wrists.
eat shit pussy.
Yeah it is.
And there is an abundance of it in the DC area.
Is Chicken Vindaloo your goto Indian dish?
: I keep waiting for a twitter trending topic to tell me I've died.
don't you know you live forever.
Brooklyn TNT 4 dj Mikey g
livegive yeah and peppermint as well i love peppermint ice cream this time of year i know off subject.lol
Last flight of the day.
writing about a compter that longs to be a pencil, and author as elegantly....
some pics r there more tomorrow
im soo bored !!
RT It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
e.e.
cummings.
True Dat!
A Successful Woman is One Who Can Lay a Firm Foundation wit the Bricks that Others Throw at Her,Keep Throwing  She Will Continue to Build3
ugh next time invite me!
RT WORD!
Good advice!
RT Tell one story and tell it well, rather than trying to cover all the bases
True, Nokia  SE seem to struggle, are you confident enough in Palm's progress to put  where your mouth is  invest?
:
How scottwalker in Wisconsin take the boxers off publicemployee unions  gaveem panties?
Talk about
don't understand why people still refer to 1D are a secret.
they haven't been a secret for like 810 months.........
That is an epic pizza.
Welcome to the IMSTEA Super Mileage Challenge Sponsored by Looking forward to seeing your video!
doctorams w/ faith  work
If you have to fight a swan being a pistol.
That is the only thing that will keep it from hitting you with its macelike head
camping and riding this wkend fun!
I had the scariest doctoram ever
I enjoy following because his face makes my feed worth looking at.
No apologies needed.
You guys had an amazing year.
152?
I'll take it!
Stay hungry for next year!
you seem like you have it together.
I like your tips!
Glad I found you on here.
Historic Brumder Mansion Bed and Breakfast Large luxurious whirlpool rooms with fireplaces Special Event Promotions Call Monica 414/2182202
Thanks for your comments on my blog!
I'm also sensitive to higher prices when I've never read the author before.
I want a BLL.
and some touch of lime tortilla chips.
Oh I may check that out!
You know when I'm not watching scandal for a second.
Lol
Now, that's GRAVITAS!!
My only sewing needle broke off.....
Motherfucker.
That's very sweet of you, Ella.
Thank you.He is an amazingly warmhearted young man.
RT : It all depends.will there be doctornks?
BtwI have no clue what Scandal is.
// Blasphemy!!!
Lol No booze 4 her
get to work!
I'm going to, we best be hanging
Why wait???
Happy 19th Birthday :'
Work is making me really competitive.
your3words  Follow Your doctorams
ice cream sounds gud!
Nice finish, Gators.
Good night for baseball, softball, and lacrosse.
I love how, in scary movies, the person yells out, Hello?
As if the bad guy is gonna be like, Yeah, Im in the kitchen!
Want a sandwich?
Cannot believe he jst did tht...
But aight.
Bet
Glad to hear ur feeling better now and back on youtube with new videos : we missed ya
Okay followers i have an important question.
My friend says a boob and a tit arent the same thing is he right or wrong?
we r arguing ab ...
Me!
But you'll lose some innocence in the process...
RT : I need a stylist.
Any takers?
I really want to charge for a webinar.
I'm so tired of all the free ones.
so nice of you shoutout, looking forward to your tweets!
Earn your respect.
Just saw 'The King's Speech'.
Amazing movie!
Central Florida rap artist looking for video airtime send a mp4 of you edited music video to

haven't done Branch out.
I blocked it for some reason.
Stuff being posted on my page or something.
No forget about it until we own a champ before Melo!
Ever heard of playing with chip on shoulder?
its my 16th birthday and i would love to get a shout out from you : you said you remember me from the meet and greet!
gee thanks!
I'm blushing :
thought i lost my canon charger but i just found it thank god
i wont : hahaha its that one on our bus right?
Just upgraded my main Ubuntu desktop in about three clicks.
Can't do that with
doctorve to the city to rage or stay at my moms in the burbs and wake up early.
So many choices.
Bad experience at your Spring Hill, TN store today.
Multiple examples of poor service and completely disappointed.
Hi Jodi!
I was just saying we lost touch.: Look forward to meeting in person in June!
Friday is a perfect day to figure out this whole Google thing.
Pretty neat!
and White Castle.
love what you guys are doing.
Let's work together!
Its sad how these men treatin these down ass females.you said you love her but behind her back while yo phone off you fuckin roun'
okay u know what food you want and budget?
great show Steve....
Time to go catch the game G'night all!
Well, shucks.
No TBJ No Season Required tour stop in D.C..
if i tweeted more often less people will find themselves bored with the Funation you cant flood the market.
Any good music must be an innovation.
Les Baxter
And the presidential candidate I would most like to have a beer with reward goes to....
Ryan Braun tests positive for steroids and can face a 50 game suspension to begin the year
I was just about to say you copied me haha yeah walking back up the hill now
when does glee project start?
thanks so much for coming:
Steady stream of voters  Turkey Thicket.
We wish you all a safe and enjoyable New Years!
2011 is going to dominate 2010!
No energy for the heat right now this is sad
if you are a Red Sox columnist, you should be able to add more value in your tweets than play by play...don't you think Amalie?
Cannot wait to see what you captainre!
amazingidea!
I'd ride for my niggas if I had some worth it
A man who puts his hands on a female is not a man at all
: BELIEVEtour announcements this month...stay tuned SO EXCITED!
/glare why must you muddy things up with facts?
no, silly me...what was I thinking?
miss you  have you left to dig for dinos yet?
im bored.
time to go stuff my face :
You've got an awesome professorle blurb.
Thanks for the follow.
Tomorrow is living by YOLO, no limits, talking bungee jumping..
my other ones hm ;
I'm just here to have a good time, a little white chick a little white wine
I eat an insane amount of food everyday
Thank you Laurie for following us.
We're launching this year  look forward to working with designers like you.
All the Best ASTB
LSCON how committed are you?
Cop out, holdout, allout
annoying my mom always calls me Jordan
hth2012 Caringal talking about dilemmas in digitization in the developing world
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much a doctornk is.
The bartender says, for you, NO CHARGE!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Justin bieber already follows us.
By combining linkeddata and crowdsourcing, complex semantic entities are born!
The American Graffiti example blew my mind.
cc
hell yea :
Johnny, thanks for the mention.
Fear and Lathing in Las Vegas: a Gonzo carpenter and his attorney go on a doctorgaddled woodturning binge
Your boots and old baseball cap make my heart wanna tap dance.
Love
That awkward moment InSchool when you're playing with your pen in class and suddenly it flies across the room.
Yay!
Let's fly kites!!!
The video game analogy is a game that starts easy to engage and teach a novice, then gets harder as he/she improves
Good morning to everyone, it's rainy here in Maine.
Feel sick today, fever and very tired but the world doesn't stop, either do the bills
Happy Holidays, LasVegas!
Cool I like Pink to!
well, i'm not surprised.
once you receive an award from the sta, what else is there?
The system won't give us opportunity, we just need to dig deeper and create opportunities.
Lifted weights with a guy who is 68 that looks 45.
I'm gonna do what he's been doing...
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
thanks for the mention and coffee.
: Have a lovely weekend.
And here come those Steve Blake led Lakers!
What did Rex Huddler just say about Puerto Rico?
My goodness.
What a dum dum.
This script's entire first doctorft was written under the influence of major caffine
where you sat boo real loud and annoying lol and they do it right in your face lol
We invite you to renew the Foundations of your Faith tonite.
The decision does not need to be emotional, just a made up mind.
Lots of greets from last night saying great things about Avengers.
Huh.
Something two horrible things are happening to me right now and I can't cry ?
I don't get it .....
Got to sing with my wife tonight.
I've missed that SO much.
I suspect it's possible the owners of the condo I rent may be facing foreclosure.
Nothing definite.
Will be fun to see how this plays out.
Thanks for the pic, we'll get working on it  21st and 5th ave sink hole in middle of the street please help
thank you!!!
He did.
It was his birthday too.
First day he arrived at my home, little orphan JoJo Dancer, lol
let me see u dance c;
RT if u still awake
Smile, tomorrow is Friday!!
Gotta love the weekends.
www.kravitzdental.com
I...hate...this place.
it better cause thus cold stuff at the end of April could ruin a person.
Everything I do, reminds me of you
S/O to my new follower :
love ya babe ;
very true rt yes cuz she's on camera she's such a doctorma queen lol she cry all the time
thanks for following me!
It was great to see you in ATL, looking forward to seeing you in Vegas this week!
Safe travels :
I have the strangest urge to watch Armageddon today.
I haven't thought about that movie in years.
Why now?
I dont think I ever been so sore in my lifee!
To understand what genuine looks like you have to measure motive and actions.
The fruit will speak of truth.
Good Mawning Tweeps!
Hope you all had a fabulous weekend!
Give it to Durant!
The New York Big Football Giants
Successful Troll
I just want to feel better :
AbdulBahá is having lunch with the minister and some friends.
He promises to return to Montclair to see them again.
I hate las vegas i will NEVER comebck.
lmao don't yu got a gf to help that issue
I am a bad liarthats why i prefer telling the truth
Gets a text..
.Grabs Phone.
.Reads Name.
..Lays phone back down without replying /
He sure is.
Thanks for coming to campus.
The show was great.
Totally true  nothing beats facetoface.
Is it ok to tweet that?
Awww My Condolences To Your Church Family!
this is the side scrolling game that became TMNT 2 on NES, right?
Can u pls RT?
Livestream tonight with to hear more about his new show!
Go to for details!
Oh, the Knicks are saving their energy for their big game tomorrow with Milwaukee?
Kristen!
Be Careful!
Fucking bitches these days.Sorry, I didn't know your ex made your decisions for you.Thats cool bro, let me know when you get your balls back
Weird snowstorm getting you down today?
Escape to the library!
Man ah den LEAST ah mi problem!!!
Oh, to be Prince Caspian, with nothing to return to but the demons in their caves
Jack Swagger's new tights makes him look like an American Gladiators castoff.
Get you Safety Dance on 2nite w/ Men Without Hats.
Show at 8:30.
Over 21.
Tix at door.
You can dance if u want to.
Evening on the computer.
Downloading statements, updating professorles.
Incremental progress.
Tired eyes.
RT : Enservio Named a Powerhouse Elite Pacesetter in the Boston Business ...: Enservio has been on a rapid growth ......
I heard they were having tech problems.
Don't see it myself.
RT: : Wow.
Cee Lo cut his jazz fest set short.
Wtf?
Girl: Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way!
Old McDonald had a farm and jingled all the way...HEY!
I'm real bad at sitting on the floor.
so wonderful to hear that!
thank you!
Brilliant today !
Nene' next show should be bad girls club
Congratulations, I think?
Hot date on a Saturday night...sitting in the waiting room at Patient First.
Don't be too jealous!
oh, that explains everything.
now i know why most pennsylvanians are so...
well, um...
unique.
;
That Mean When You Gone Text me!
I don't know...you do seem sorta suspicious...lol
countdown 8 days.
Still haven't packed.
Still haven't stoped smiling.
Persian New Year resolution in progress :
Why is lemonade made with artificial flavoring yet dishwasher soap is made with real lemons?
Surely the answer is in a book, right?!
I wish we could stop caring about the size of our jeans, bigger or smaller.
Instead we should care about our health.
: Five JellO flavors that flopped: celery, coffee, cola, apple, andchocolate.
Just think : chocolate jello shots!
new girl is my fave show: i love it to!
maybe true in the UK, but absolutely does not apply in the US.
I, somehow, didn't feel the earthquake.
I'm actually a little bit bummed out!
Fun Fact of the Day: Elephants can communicate using sounds that are below the human hearing range:between 14 and 35 hertz!
thank you
Bitches Ain't Shit !!!
But Woman Ain't Bitches.
.
.
See Woman Are The Queens,  Bitches Just Bitches.
.
.
FuckWithTheREAL !!
Found at LEAST 25 deer ticks on Rocky after that run.
We will not be going back there.
Let's shoot together!
Sounds like you went to the gym with my wife this morning.
Small world...
Looking forward to seeing the World Premiere of Eshet Rosh Hamenshala, directed by Tzipi Trope.
Perfect response to siding  storm window telemarketer.
I live in apartment 2B.
merry Christmas to u to
Party!.......
because!
: Shout out to b/c I'm following him now!!
holla
Movie recommendation is Forrest Whitaker in The Last King of Scotland
Two dollars worth spending : Sundae !
hey eugene!
do you know if there's a kony12 video with Spanish subtitles?
arugula salad, tomato, basil, feta, walnuts, and raspberry vinaigrette.
Good bachelor dinner if I say so.
thats nice : hes a pretty cool dude.
Amen, however,with Cobb back there they may have something in the return game.
Rule might help and hurt them at the same time
YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you just copy other peoples tweets and then post them as if you wrote the shit...smh!
LMFAOO I'm cracking up :D
Oh, I am excited to have you following me, I hope to see your tweets and what you are doing,it's been so long since Miami Vice
New York would love to ship you some snow.
Though I think he would have fit just fine, given recent form.
good!!
Now that I am with my sweet jimmyjgirls ; haha how are YOU!?
I need to be hookin up with more latino chicks.
27 days until coffee at Kudu.
27 days until the opening of The Elephant in My Closet 27 days until
Got my a machines on the table, got my b machines in the doctorwer.
Big  Tall sale this week only!
20 off 2XL CGTP Metropolitan tee, CCH Sid tee, and EQIL Dash and Gianni tees!
Promo code bigandtall
polls don't win election.they should do polls in the InnerCity as well to hear our views.
Guth, Annie, Bret, Mike and Gordon are running great !
6:30 pace for most, running 9 minutes ahead of schedule now.
Well this day turned out to suck and I am not looking forward to school tomorrow
how is yo day
: thanks for the follow.
I am a prostate cancer survivor.
2 innings 2 lead off doubles
will be delivered as a service via cloud.
First use case healthcare at my insurance co.
hum.
Hope it works!
please hurry with Mac version, my Mac is useless without PhraseExpress
Go buy another round and its all on me, as long as I'm around, put it down on me!
I do love wedding shows, but I still don't get David Tuterahe's better than Barbara Walters at getting the tears...
so whats everyones favorite brand of milk
AP Euro test is in 12 days.
We're not even to WWI yet.
Thank goodness only a couple days!
Interesting 49ers met w/ Peyton Manning..
I called them darkhorse landing spot once saga began.
Would be huge upgrade if he's healthy.
Actually, I am.
Just found out from you!
Watching First Kick on KSMO SportingKC vs Vancouver tonight.
Beka the Gin Hall Hustlers  Great country band, give em a try.
We're giving full support.10/10 from us.
Hannah, Country Musicxxx
the anonymous effort..
Great point, and thanks!!
yes she is!
Her parents Stanley Tucci and Patricia Clarkson are hysterical!
Thank you!
You're leaving Friday right?
Good question...
RT : wonder what we are going to do when inflation kicks in and doctorves oil to 150 again
Good A.M.
everybody!!
Have a wonderful Wednesday!
:
Bumped into the new mayor during lunch today.
Almost literally; the sidewalk on commerce is narrow!
Buffett at Alpine is announced is announced, about dang time.
better start planning, 08/25 is right around the corner...
No hit perfect game today
Good morning Thanks for following!
Welcome to Twitter!
I feel so horrible that you have physiology left.
I've had enough of the body systems for one day.
Your life sucks :
thanks for the follow and following back
Some working moms are taking less maternity leave.
Recent survey found 1 in 10 moms took just two weeks or less!
More at 12
Hi Lisa, back from 140mtl...when can we talk SeeSaw?
Would love to give you a guided tour!
Theres This Curly Hair Dude At The Gym!
:D Ah remind Me Of Harry :
I Love When Guys Step Up Nd Say Dats Dey Baby.,!
doctor Cry..
And I don't trust OKC against the Lakers.
I second the TMobile vote.
Your day sounds Tres Fun  Hope you retailed/ran/spa'd your way to nervana!
1omf is something serious..
thank you 
no!
we just rep some of the nominees : how are you?!
When you don't need to give your lunch card to the lunch lady because you go to her line all the time
It took me 35 minutes to eat one protein bar.
sorry havnt been on twitter that much ill follow you all back later
Writers everywhere owe a great debt of gratitude.
Thanks for everything that you do!
Ok.
I should have known it was someone in the band.
Lol
I wish it was the championship game!
oh that friend 
Ask, and you shall receive: And Willie, for what it's worth, I'm happy to provide feedback re: copy.
Got Spring hating on me  I ain't even sprung Wayne PunchLinesSubliminals
The are looking to hire a web manager to help develop and edit online content.
Visit the booth for more info!
Sometimes I really wish life came with a manual.
At least then I'd have the choice whether or not I wanted to read it.
After a bad season in the NFL, the two most popular people on any team will always be the next headcoach and the backup
We are each planted to eventually produce something that is bigger and greater than us .
.
.
What are you producing?
manxfootball Congratulations to IOM National team.
Great match!
My favorite Davy Jones memory is when I had to persuade him to sing at a high school dance.
Wow!
What a comeback
what up...
I'm bored to...
What's the topic of the day
Our Newsletter has been sent out!
Would LOVE to hear your feedback on today's Newsletter!
I wish I were cooking.
man if i need a 3 for 50 u gon
yes.
it is.
are you working on an infosec startup?
cc:
New season of My Babysitter's a Vampire!?
Yes!
I love Benny : I think that's his name :
Ever wondered how we buy, trade, or sell you clothes?
Click on our About link to find out more info!
How's about you make me?!
justin didnt get to go to prom cause hes homeschooled BBY I CAN TAKE YOU TO MY PROM IN 2015 IS THAT IGHT WICHU?
HOLLA  ME OK
RT : Cancer or Pisces.
People should appreciate them more : Which sign get screwed over the most in relationships?
Good Monday morning!
Great day to let us help with your screen print separations, design needs  digitizing...we also offer oversize films..
loving the show ladies Godtv Congrats!
watching into the woods on netflix.
i remember watching this show on tv w my mom when i was little.
it came on once every 10yrs
I better get my chicken and spaghetti too
Toby Keith's performance on the CMAs  haha, that was the
doesn't like me : I'm glad and do.
GetGlue has betrayed me for the last time!
Today is my sisters birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEANI!!!
Why is it when I see the Nuggets I think of Blubber Nuggets from Fairly Odd Parents?
Lmao
if you moved, who is the yelp sd person now?
Its official!
I submitted my final paper for seminary!
On april 28th I will walk with my Masters of Divinity!!!
: Got my friends in Seattle hooked on NorthernRednecks We're all family.
Yellow gatorades are a lifesaver
Productive day thus far.
Not bad.
Tomorrow it's on at 57 West.
All Star Weekend Finale From 3pm4am.
Myself and DJ Brooklyn will be in the mix!!!!
Lock In Lets Go!!!!
Really happy they just let me sign the bar
Just took the most amazing shower of my LIFE
Like this post for a chance to win A FREE SET of Regular RainX Wiper Blades valued at 28
i said when not where honey badger :
P.S.
I'm a big fan and have almost all your books
who's gettin married?
2 months until Peru!!
It goes without saying this is tragic and disgusting!
Unfortunately Iran has a history of executing gays with no end in sight.
So far 2012 has brought 60 degrees or higher 12 times to SeaTac!
great!!
save travels!!!
:
Fact: the residents of Ward8 get to pick who represents them.
Sorry this offends.
Finally got my iPod back!!
good night  god bless may many blessings come your way always to u  ur loved ones ;
Writing labels based on visitor curiosities, perceptions great idea not often implemented
Shonda Rhymes is a genius and Sara Ramirez has vocal chords of steel.
OH This site is so not optimized for mobile!
FUCK!
Umpires in regular uniforms?
Not throwback jacketsandties?
Come on MLB.
Kind of weak...
I don't like you.
four papers written, now a test to study for and a speech to memorize.
yaaaay for insane weeks...
oh, harder.
Nice to meet you today!
In real life finally!
buell ; motorbike burnout
Great show by and Slide at in  Chicago last night.
Great traditional Celtic Music!
After Empire Records, this might be my second favorite soundtrack.
Been watching a ton of RG3 tape and coming away very impressed with Kendall Wright.
Don't let poor 40 time fool you, he can ball.
I also wrote a paper in college on The Death of Atemio Cruz
Nuttin just work in world history class.
Goodnight sexy ;
nigga u ain't the queen of England!
Ever raced the Milwaukee mile.
The guy on the elevator just farted  is acting like he didn't.
Say oops or sorry 4 making me feel like I just rode the elevator to hell
Cracky on muni said he's gonna take a crap on the floor if they don't open the doors.
I hope he doesn't.
yeah mang you'll be all good stay focused and dig deep
Virtue is insufficient temptation.
George Bernard Shaw
always nice to meet a
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that pisses u off all the time, but ya'll still kick it.
On my way to the Ball with Ann Hathaway among the performers...
Will get back to you all later tonight!
Wow look at you miss critic...
Honestly I only think about four or five singers can actually win this things
Also, being ignored is another one of my pet peeves.
And by dark addiction, I mean that you thrill the parts of my personality I pretend aren't there.
Um, like to be teacher or pharmacist.
But, what im trying to say is what do you see yourself doing in the future?
:
Welcome to twitter!!
:
If you have the time to tweet or update your status, use the time to tell your girl 'hey' or that you love her.
Only ended up waiting 40 minutes for the IRS to answer...
LostCheck?
ok...so can we agree that these are the best pacemate outfits of the series?
Ahh the suns out !
So in the mood to just sip on some margaritas!
Love that you're watching AND using our !
RT Let's go Wolves!
The whole family is watching in San Fran!!!
Just touchdown at to watch my 420 MONEY TEAM.....
RETAIN THE GOLD!!!!!
ALL BETS ARE FINAL!!!
Motherdaughter lunch :
journalism...fun
Bet, we gon' talk..
mine was great what about yours beautiful
haha why the hell are you wearing a shirt while you swim?
Your parents are probably
Apps!
Thoughts?
RT : had posited apps earlier as a possible bridge but we didn't discuss.
My thoughts exactly.
Had a nightmare last night that I was responsible for the software on your nonTiVo DVR.
Thanks to everyone that took part in our live feed last night.
It was a lot of fun chatting.
We hope you like how the new song turned out.
John Ruskin When love and skill work together expect a masterpiece.
FF These companies  BOSSes!
I love them.
You will too.
lookin good!
Oops I meant Michelle not you LOL!
4.
CQ Today/CQ.com article on Senate Intel panel approval of NCTC director despite GOP Gitmo objections
RT : At the store I asked for 50 condoms.
2 girls behind me started giggling.
I turned around, looked them in the eyes a ...
On a scale from 110 how gay is this guy?
Many thanks for your RT.
I wish my grades smoked weed so they would get higher.
Do you have a comprehensive marketing campaign via print, web, audio  video as well as emerging mobile and interactive media technologies?
RT : Call for Writers: Childhood, Fatherhood and Play  Eric Henney invites fathers to write about the role of free play...
Collins said not having to play gut busting last 2 games helps as well, but anticipating Sat afternoon tip on short turnaround vs
ugh iloved ny when i went, all it does is rain here blahh its so boring
You must be so proud.
His work saved countless lives.
Thanks for sharing.
Price Waterhouse just arrived on red carpet.
A pantsuit and rented tuxedos.
Really?
Really??
I feel like I've been dead for three days.
I know!
Well we love you so of course were gonna trend
more den enough lol
Hi Swanee, thanks for the follow.
Magdalena
If U missed the killer show 2Nite, U have 2 more chances this wkend..MarysvilleFriday..Seattle  the HardoctorckCafe Saturday
museweb Jules, it does seem that would be the best of worlds.
Involve the different depts rather than one person responsible for the whole
is there a which tab is currently playing audio plugin for chrome?
maybe.
sort of.
but then.
I remember.
I hated Blair at first, but def B  S now.
I don't think I'm doing it right.
JoeJonasIsPERFECT is trending WORLDWIDE!
I wonder if has noticed...
LinkedIn: Your headline should say who you are without reading your professorle.
want to work on a short film in VA.
during a weekend in May?
Let me know.
good morning Bestie!
I miss your face; hope all is going well!!
Gotta go in to work again from 5pm to 2am
brianna husband gone be like hurry the fuck out the bathroom doinn yo hair u been in there for 3 fuckinn hourss bre gone be like shut tf up
hardly upstaged!
I'm just loud, to the chagrin of many!
;
SF press box is awesome and almost directly behind HP, which also makes it a bit treacherous for foul balls
I feel like there should be a rule that a gloomy Monday morning means you get to go back to bed and start your day at noon.
Dude, can't stand Ed Hardy.
Even worse are the rhinestone tees with the matching hat and sneakers.
Trying teach myself a new Decemberists song on the guitar.
I was meant for the stage...
Do you have a publicist/agent/manager I can talk to for a potential branded op?
Let me know, thanks!
RT HyundaiNowTest Hyundai Sonata makes the list of topselling cars and trucks in the U.S.
in August!
Check it out at: apne.ws/oxYOSK.
9 more days...
A glorious monday!
just had the strangest audition evermore like an open mike than a regular audition!
Had a blast!
See ya Wednesday ;
Well..
Its that time again.
I need someone to suggest some new books for me.
Im out of reading material.
: Can't wait for the reds game tomorrow can't wait to see you :
u awake beez
nope, just extremely turned on seeing at 800 times his actual size.
:
something I can help with?
FF The Best fans ever!
If Anybody Need Any Beats Hmu..
I'll Give You A Reasonable Price!
OMG Madonna rocks the world
I promise I'm not always that predictable in my tweets!
I WISH I COULD SING AT MY DESK!!!
Bobbing my head  tapping my foot just isn't cutting it today.
Holy shit, I haven't smoked in two days!
Nothing like 3game losing streak to remind oneself that media overuses term 'must win' like Worrell does 'cold blooded'.
Fraunhofer Institutes as example of good policyconnecting PhD students to manufacturing floor
Yes, please!
RT : Anyone interested in a cpd23 map?
I was thinking of setting one up so we can see where everyone is
Hungry but there is no food here.
Being pregnant and hungry is not a good combination...i soo hope I get one of these jobs.
Tired man :
Walking in LA at night w/ cat food in one hand and litter in the other is a great way to guarentee safety.
five star notebooks and trapper keepers were so cool10yearsago that I want to buy one right now out of respect
O shittt what a fucking fight this is boxing!!!!!!!!!!
Between UT, Paris, Mexico, Afghanistan, N.
Korea, and NY under tornado threat, kinda hard to concentrate on classwork!
going over the latest BIRP playlist.
Merry Christmas  Happy New Year to my marvelous Twitter  FB family.
The robot who managed the bodies in the Matrix was probably called the human resources director.
This week's show is now available on itunes, just search for The Wired World of Sports ...
topics include NFL HOF, NFL, MLB, CCL, UCL ...
I've spent the last 3 days judiciously unfollowing everyone who posts anything political, and all the comedians I was following...
Balancing personal and professorssional selves online can be a struggle.
WeLoveLilKim typo!
loved
Shipping update: If you ordered before May 1 and have not yet received your , check your email this weekend for your tracking !
I'm feeling real good
A Few More Bank Security Questions via
Some of the FANmily is still watching basketball in the Northwest: FTW.
But we can still cheer on
You one too?
I'll be keeping my fingers crossed for you.
SQUEEEE!!!
Go Le!!!
Go Clare!!!
Is this in the UK?
I dont think the Packers uni's changed one thread.
Even the waist of the pants is the same, all other teams have different pants.
insta regret how am I going to bear being by other people!
Not if the Badgers D keeps blowing coverage's......pathetic!
glad I'm not helping you move, Justin.
Just finished taking the Ralph Kimball ETL data warehousing Architect class.
Have wanted to do it for years.
Better?
O.
More guests, I'm guessing.
You could do a trust walk; play truth or dare?
DC Friends!
To !
Cheers to gainful employment!
Someone needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures.
hi  who had the purple hair and looked like one of the watchmen?
Katy Perry?
just gave a tour to the founders.
cool people  great service for Austinites looking for an alternative to standard taxis
el paso, texas
someone should put out a translated version
Was it your work email?
Working on an important YouTown App update scheduled for next week
How are you?!
I barely see my favorite underclassman anymore!
D,:
If I thought individual awards should be given, Masch is my defender of the season.
Dep.
on your experience, GMAT/GRE may or may not be req'd.
Have you spoken to your program manager?
That's who can tell you for sure
that's good man.....i got a fam from Def Jam that's tryna get me in it...he a promoter...so I'm just waitin....
thanks for the follow!
we were JUST talking about you with our friends at  be in touch soon!
If you're wasting your time talking to me, why waste your time talking about me bitch.
You'll cash a serious ticket if you are.
Thanks.
Now sitting on my iPad bookshelf alongside The Unhealthy Truth, Why We Get Fat and Primal Blueprint ;
On the personal level, I seek out the person and try to hash it out oneonone.
Again, professorssional but not taking any BS.
Faith not just believing that God can its knowing that he will
Time for me to go and play my violin at my gig.
just an FYI saw you coming in late, thanks for joining us
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Lao Tzu
Bitch just said you can't give the ten bonus points to the hippies who don't know shit clearly us hippies know shit if we won the points
Bikemore will be at the Downtown Partnership's CYCLE PLAZA event today, 57!
Charles Center Plaza.
Come say hi!
healthtip: Listening 2 a song that inspires you within the 1st moments of waking up each morning will help get ur day off 2 a good start
Thou shalt get a free coffee with a purchase of a donut.
Frank 7:11
Happy Birthday Ms.
Oprah!
xoxoxo
Relaxing and watching the White Sox game
It will be a BIG PARTY!
Cant wait.
Yes!
Standalone Alpha lets me reorder components of multiitem citations!
This is lifechanging...
it's because you are to young
80 on my first test!!
Good day
: ToughLove casting Boston women!
For more info email 
I adore this girl.
She makes my day.
OH HAI ROB
u aint following me
Notable Birthdays: Bill Macy, Jack Whitaker, RObert Morse, Dwayne Hickman, Brooks Robinson, Albert Hammond.
Although I appreciate free food, someone needs to make me stop eating it
Much love!
RT : Shouts to and you brought out Palm Springs, Riverside, LA, Vegas.
I had no idea there was such a passionate Studio 60 fanbase.
Los Angeles says HelloJenCoolidge we missed you!!!!
ITS SHOWTIME AND DA SPOTLITE ON ME BABY...OK WELL NOT JUST ME BUT ILL B IN IT TOO LOL 142ND CHICAGO ROAD CLUB ANGELS...COME N CHECK US OUT
I bet you will black out and tweet it
thanks so much for the bday wishes!
:
we hav a problem
damn you telling them
Thanks for the RT!
Using permanent Sharpie for AAU tourney entrance receipt YoureKillinMeSmalls!
Let's go Twitter Universe
I think it's a great achievement when an artist that was unknown 2 n e 1 in the us 2 yrs ago wins 2 highly converted
I just realized what song was in my head .....
fuck ....
I defy them!!!!!
Who are they?
That they says u can't be famous ,let's fight them and join me and watch me do it
Wow this nigka loaded the bases tho
Today's Special!!!!
Buy a gram get one half off until 7pm on 03.16.11
good idea.
Happy Saturday :
Very cool!
RT Have you ever seen a dolphin in the wild?
What about a pink dolphin?
Just spotted one today on the Amazonas!
Jealous!
I just finished Day 2...
come into the gym and train while your in
heavily invested.
i put my all in it..
i hope i get the harvest iam looking for.
or reward.
what ever you want to call it
Yep its Friday!!!
Lol I have gray hairs too!
Some people like it lol.
Much, my body was just tired.
No ma'am, thank goodness haha.
I be rap'n this song on coach Carter like I made it.
LMAOO!!!!
if starks is hurt, i'm going to lose it.
Future newspaper headline might be: U.S.
Downgrades Standard  Poors Employees to SecondClass Citizens
You in town?
saw that this morning too, dope interview.
Don't say you love me if you're not gonna stay.
We are really looking forward to participating in the Golf Tournament next week.
Fingers crossed the rain stays away!
I am high on humor.
Producer Bill humor.
;
Aww.....
Poor little brother has to use State bonds...boo fucking hoo
Do the gutless Koch brothers have the balls to debate ?
At twoagainstone she has them so outnumbered...
Can't believe it's 12/18.
I still need to buy xmas gifts.
If it weren't for football being on, I'd get right on that.
You are welcome!
but isn't it a square, and missing geo/meta data?
What is the most challenging thing you've done this year.
Please share?
it's nothing!
I have that info on deck like a boat.
Your so interesting
Excellent point Rich.
You always dig into the data!
I also see for unique outsideofthecurve growth for SD market.
Let's have a pizza party when I'm no longer eating pieces of lettuce for lunch!
; RT : Love Seeing on Friday!!
Too bad, he's funny on late night TV.
MT : has 102,311 followers and has never, not once, ever, sent a single tweet.
easy...
Quickie from prince
you shut the audience down let them know you the baddest and nobody can shut you up
It's great!
I'm so glad and blessed to be studying PR at !
I know, right!!
Going to road trip one of these days!
:
: Hopefully I see u in Vegas brother....
patches either needs to stop hurting himself or stop getting pissy when I try to take care of himm
What a beautiful morning!
Coffee on the patio.
Work in the garden to begin shortly.
The blooms are exceptional this season.
Hahaha lol i love this D
oh snap!
Guess I gotta rsvp now too, lol
Thanks for the follow  great meeting you on Thursday!
You are very sweet :
lyrically i think i am not the best, but look at the rest.
dope shit comes out to be the next number one hit.
fiestafriday!!
turn you radio up!!
is mixing live from at 10pm stream online www.power983fm.com RT
I can't see what those symbols are.
Everything is so much more difficult when you're on your own, I don't know how single parents do it
try up do twists
money does matter, to an extent.
personally a 10 min walking commute is worth 10,000/yr to me.
Spend FirstNightAkron with us at 810.
We're encoring animation fest winner Luminaris  Akronarea docs from Mika Johnson.
The Rave Milwaukee I'll be there just to see what's all the hype bout his live show.
I'll film it as long as I aint rollin face.
Chris ur on plz plz follow me nobody is really on so plz follow me it's would make me so happy
he was!
He just everywhere I think did good!
This bitch smell like Mayfair Mall food court bathrooms
Ayo he is ill
Ohana is getting a lot of mentions in my question about favorite Belltown Seattle Happy Hour.
Gotta go check that one out.
no tweets from you is good to me.
Means ur in the lab working on new tracks for US FANS
Thanks everyone for coming out and supporting us.
Have a great weekend
I hate wen mf's wake me up
Oasis moved?
Sick to my stomach 
The BWParty is a little slice of Paris in Baltimore!
C'est magnifique!!
Ask TODAY about a SANTA BAG, they're full of goodies for an amazingly low price!!!
I tried to explain that to Happy almost weekend to you too!
Give washDC a big hug for me.
I miss it so much!
vertical.
CraftBeer isn't like wine and this way any sediment stays on the bottom
hey!
thanks so much for following, dangerfield is awesome!
3 if you havent, you should definitely checkout !
Gonna be quite a mess if the wobbling big banks melt down right while the demonstrators are occupying Wall Street.
Would be like checkmate.
At chipotle.
asks if they have horchata.
Response: who?
cc:
Had the sweetest wicked hot customer in the store earlier today  she grabbed cut off top and shorts for her Miami trip!
SPRING BREAK!
ooh, you'll like mine, too.
Let's make a date.
yea but their performance levels were not as high as theirs :/ but I seriously don't want none of them to go home :
I can not wait to see you either!
I will definitely hit you up before hand!
:
Tomorrow's going to be hard.
/:
it means cute Kayla!
Stupid
Yoohoooo!
350.
It's a great place to be!
I was doing that since you were still in your daddys jewels homeboy...
Lol see you tomorrow punk :
Setting the foundation for growth and prosperity.
Brick by Brick!
i been good how you ?
It's all fun and games until it comes smacking you in the face...so stop pretending.
YUP.
I'm smackdab between USD and the riverbed.
Why weird?
What would you suggest?
I like it, but then, I thought of it.
:
Hi  I'd love a what I've read' feature.
I'd love to be able to reference it later.
Working things out for new adventur, just stopping thru...What's up Ms Kitty of the City : I am doing it Dove Style...lol
Chapter 2012 Page 118 There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred...there is no torrent like greed.
Gautama
In a Nonprofessort Seminar with Lesson: to establish a business line of credit you need 2 years in biz.
Women can me so complicated at times smh!
I'm officially a commandeuse de Bordeaux.
I get to order bottles around...
OH: OTown.
Officially qualified as a toothless old fuck.
awe ur making me cry cuz ur in so much pain :'
My friends from Facebook are finding my Instagram  Next they'll find my Twitter D: How can this be?
Bases on these likeableu tweets, it seems like our girl killed it this morning...
haha and worst of allit's really catchy!
hoping there will be decent waves to surf this weekend.
The Arizona State Fair is featuring deep fried gravy, a captainin crunch hamburger, and carmel cream bacon donuts!
Which one would you try?

liven life loving it to 3
Shout out to my boy for getting me another shiny trophy in the tournament today!
Thanks for the mention!
Just read a great script and finished scoring a very cool video project.
I love my job!
Its a good idea to have the 'eccentric' vy on nfln?
Look at you, wearing your Fist me pumps
Honestly I just don't care.
im going to go stalk your pictures now ...
where are our seats?
yea!!!
Thanks!
icantwaitfor summer to be here!
no cameras  doctorss how you like...but I still try to look HALFway decent.
if she let's me lol.
They r of my best friend.
I been taking pics for a while 
Get it poppin like Kentucky on derby.
Ya heard me
Stuck watching a Kardasian's marathon and surprised by the ultimate stupidity and immaturity that I'm witnessing
NBA  Clippers Griffen has broken kneecap, out weeks
The world is ours3
sounds awesome!
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
just call and recruit him.
just don't let him cut his hand
Braids are back!
Check out some cool new ways to wear this trend for Fall.
Do you have a favorite?
The difference between us and them....well, we have Raw Talent...the mixtape coming soon
it was probably because of that insane professorle pic you had up there
Life is constantly changing and we are always changing, too.
That is a good thing.
We need to embrace change and grow in the process.
does any1 know how 2 writer a resume for twitter?
Hi Bradley  what level of play are you looking for?
Pyro Productions will be honoring our one year anniversary on Tuesday August 24.
Stay posted for info regarding a celebration show!
I think our house does too!
At work watching world star hiphop...
Shrug it's Friday
Just committed to 30daysofbiking.
During the month of April, definitely riding every day and I'll report about it here.
Where is Katie going to college?
omg tvd was amazing.
I cant wait till thursday!!!!
I need a nap before work and its to late fml 
No scenery left to digest after Kevin Spacey finished Richard I at BAM tonight.
Yes we did find love in a hopeless place Rihanna.
See you Tuesday night for dinner
Just found out our client did his first presention and closed 43percent
It's not new jersey it's bryzgalov
the morning coffee
What's you favorite reason?
what r u talking about!?
Tables turned again And you my friend Facing the other way And I'm turned and my back to you again But you know I got to say...
: I wish I knew what it was like to have someone who actually cares about me  who truly loves me.
don't you got a man
Can't wait for fall tv to start back up !
I miss my shows.
an you please follow mee :
I freaking LOVE the smell of freshly mowed grass.
Other people and things can stop you temporarily.
You're the only one who can do it permanently.s
Today in the Chi is going to be hot hot hot!
Thanks 3 I hope you are really well!
My ears are burning.
999 was my first Newt is only one left
hahaha oh geez
Never eat a whole carton of cherries at once...even though it may be delicious!
:O
doctorams are the touchstones of our character.
Henry David Thoreau
what's good Holmes !!!!
Gearing up to see Did You Mean Australia tonight!
Night XP
Lemme hop in this shower n cool off.
Smfh
Sleep last night was not really happening for me

I'm going to work like Kool Moe Dee on right now...123pm PT.
Like your taste in music!
I'm starting to use British slang!
lol
fair enough : I am a writer.
Be warned, sometimes all I tweet are writing links ...
:
Savings Tip Turn off the tap when brushing your teeth.
Keeping it running can waste around 6 litres per minute
its impossible to ever predict what the Browns will do lol but I hope that happens
Manny Ramirez is retiring from baseball amidst more questions about possible substance abuse.
Breaking News coverage on
How is it Obama can tell his DOJ he will not enforce the Defense of Marriage Act, at same time saying has to crack down on Med Marijuana?
principles constantly change.
Organize and execute around priorities.
Time management is a misnomerthe challenge is not to manage time, but to manage ourselves.
: Im bored..QA time!
Ask away tweedos What's your best remedy for a hangover?
You can make it!
It'll be worth it once you get here :
I just got owned on my hill run by a woman pushing a 3 year old in a stroller.
she's a devil :/
Happy birthday, Carolyn Cassady!
saw a rainbow on the way to work this morning.
happy thursday.
My idiot neighbor passed out while watching a DVD for the emotionally stunted.
This loop of slack jawed menu music could bend spacetime.
and Nyjer doesn't?
Lol easy.
It's one game, between two bad teams.
Forecast: tonight: mostly clear, low of 54.
Thursday: Mostly Sunny, high of 84.
doctor and warm weekend.
Just woke up o.o
I hope the Spurs lose so my best friend can get off work and party with me!!
I know my soul connected me to you I feel so safe when i'm alone with you
I've never looked forward to a teacher evaluation as much I do for this calc class today
lol , why you say that ?
I wish we got along better, but that's the way it goes.
I need to be able to look in the mirror..
Seems right to me.
Going to see Ben Silbermann cofounder of Pinterest speak at a SxSW keynote!
Super excited!
wins 97 over and will advance to the
I know Dareus is funny too!
wow killin one of your two boys..thats cold!
Look forward to joining the fitblog twitter chat tomorrow night.
Will you be there?
i started noticing it a lot in sports broadcasts/interviews, which is definitely a brand of corporate speak
There is an explosion of queen Anne's lace on the side of the road.
As if it is midJuly.
I expected they'd fix the problem with the months before STEP...too much to ask?
The boss does not get to tell us whether or not we are a union.
Sukari PinnockFitts TSA
Last day of Snow White auditions.
This being Pittsburgh, we may have to rename it 'Slush Gray.'
Had a SPECTACULAR time !
It's a terrific event, and I'm already looking forward to next year!
it's amazing for those sudden late night cravings
Remember we are open until 11pm on Friday  Saturday!
congratulations!
Did she leave anything good for you.
Lol.
How long did your closing take
You need personal habits to give you resilience leadership lesson from Bill George at World Biz Forum
Jeffrees on the radio!
got a secret note, ate it, thought am i too hardcore for this world
I didn't receive an email from you.
Can you send it to another email?
I will direct message the email addoctorss to you.
oneday when I am super rich I will pay an Irish man to read me bedtime stories.
So sexy and
How many horses have to collapse on the street or die, worked to death?
enough!
Ban horsedoctorwn carriages in NYC!
Support the STATE BILL!
After going to Best Buy, Radioshack, the Mac Store tonight I still have not solved my technical problems.
Ugh.
Nielson with the save of the week
Will I go to SXSW next year?
Depends on if I want to go to a tech or a media conference.
Tech has become media  SXSW is a true reflection.
I feel so accomplished been doing homework for over an hour.
hell no I'm not with that
Some of my most detailed systems design work is done on the BART ride home.
Ay I feel embarrassed now, was 2 focused on the Brewers/Cubs game  saw that tweet  failed to take your tweet in jest.
Sorry!
First scratch vocal down.
Woo hoo!
Oh okay...phew!
I was like, say whaa?
lol
yes I am in lecture hall
Not just bothered!
Ok for game series then shld come down.
Worse yet!
It takes away from tonygwynn statue.
BOO!
Aw thank you everyone!
I have 100 followers !
:3
The radical of one century is the conservative of the next.
Mark Twain 1835  1910
I'm excited to see it!
Make sure you kids get to enjoy the outdoors this summer!
Yay 500 followers!
We know it's a small feat but we're excited!
We'll tweet the GIVEAWAY shortly!!
Another GIVEAWAY  1000 followers!
tell me what you're thinking, tell me a lie
pleasssssseeeeee wish my friend a happy birthday
nice...
well roll on next year then
Just bought tanning lotion hella tan :
MT Don't forget, as institutional members, you and your colleagues at GMU have access to the interactive version.awesome
your the one that i want ...
why cant i be the one that you want :/
Didgeridoos are made from branches or the trunks of saplings of the stringy bark, woolleybutt eucalyptus, bamboo, or blood wood trees.
madisonsmc bandnerdandiknowit you can't not come.
Its bacon night at at 9 pm so come and eat.
1 Glad to hear someone of your stature say it outloud.
Thanks, Jack.
Don't know you, but you're a hero to me.
If you don't have time for me, I'm going to pretend like I don't have time for you.
Thanks again to my newest fans!
: feelinthelove especially from you cock rockers
washed hands
So just got real.
In the literal sense.
he's beyond gorgeous
If it's Breitbart's site, then you know it's true.
Right RT :dems train each other on how to portray conservatives as racist.
miss you!
: BLAKE GRIFFIN.
tell em!
thank you :D I made it !
:D
umm duh and its gonna bee on the beach!
Lol and Pitbull what??
I love you and you were right to go after that bastard!!
Your ejection was bull!
Oh shit.
You alright, man?
I can do whatever I can think of see watch..
I think I am going to try in create design firm.
Now sit back and watch me work...
Do you have a good showing for embroidered socks and cardigans, too?
awe thanks
yup have a good one bro
thinks of AnthonyShadid as an anthropologist in another country which made him an influential journalist uwethics tribute
Don't let anyone hold you down or steal your shine...The world needs you
no I do not have a nylon fetish whatever that is.
and I did not type a single aggressive word.
have a nice day
I am not a fan of your facebook page...but will be now.
I'm new to this and didn't know you had one :
I am following you now.
:
Taking it to the next level in 2012
I pictured you doctorving through Super Bowl Village in a gokart throwing turtle shells just now.
Some niggas are starting 2 act just like bitches.
I promise
sleepy as f
Now or never
Hillary Duff Beer
i want to visit australia so bad, that would be amazing.
more more more please
how many did you have???
I Love You Too 3
where you headed to now?
Boo, you whores...
I was out at dinner and missed it!
Haha that brief quoteconvo was great to come back to though
The news sucks!!
RT : In 2010, Forbes estimated Scrooge McDuck's net worth to be 33.5 billion.
Good year for gold.
Breakfast cake!
Looking for something to do tonight?
Watch the next three tweets!
I would say no, because it may be a dead link and then we couldn't verify the validity of the source.
Freewritten will be sick.
Keep tweets sent by your library to about 120 characters so they can be easily retweeted and passed on!
Classic college movie time
lmao where did you imagine I was from?
I know who is cheering for, but where does stand??
Still haven't eaten..
Or if you like you'll love see jane rock
did my evil twin offer a recitation in a parallel universe where he just screeches WOMEN'S LANGUAGE!
POWERLESS!
for 50 minutes every wk?
come through and burn this weeknd if your in town
Talent show practice.
So nervous :
Last day of class!!!
My eyes getting low.
the fact that Osama is dead doesn't mean terrorism and war are over, don't get fooled people
Sometimes following ur heart means breaking someone else's.
Blog to get things done!
Okay...
TinyMusic kicks ass too.
Thx  I'll check out the Valerian Root too!
FB conditioned us to share everything w/ everyone.
G enables info sharing w/ interested people only.
That's a big change.
What had to say about throwbackweekend: 'That was awesome!
We all need to live in our own gated community!'
I stopped going to movie theaters.
Especially the ones that don't allow alcohol.
How am I supposed to enjoy Real Steel, if I'm not doctornk.
Ice chest w/ food and snacks for me :D
First attempt at ten mile run tomorrow with a running group.
I am excited!
Good thing I have my motoactv to keep me going and track us!
I want to get really doctornk.
Phil 1:6 being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.
Well ttys Tweeters!!,,,,
I wanna hit des clubs up tonight to doe
NYCers: Want to see , Monolake, , others at tonight for free?
Got a ticket with yr name on it.
your tweet sounded really emo..
and a lil dirty.
Sunday turned into the cable installation day from hell.
I'll call you tonight yo
Do you love to tailgate?
Nailed it RT : Hey Lakers fans  you can probably find a Yankees game on, or maybe watch a Dallas Cowboys DVD.
I'm only going to break break your, break break your heart
You have got to be kidding!!!
There has been a riot reported in Z block!
The prison is over run with what looks like green zombies!
Hide you kids,and hide your husbands!
Nando has time for consultations and tattoos between 3pm7pm today!
Dag is open as well!
Covering the very cool grand opening of Project Adventure at Maplewood's Columbia HS for
16,000 tweet :D i love you Dylan Holland, Niall Horan, Justin Bieber, Liam Payne, Peyton Sanders, Austin, Zyan, Harry, Alex C and Louis 3
Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity......doctor doctor
I'm not quick to get on the Prius hate bandwagon but one just backed out of a parking spot without looking back at me.
Accepted the fact that some people are in my life for only a season.
amanda florida is a very pro gun state just incase you were still interested in hitting up the gun range
The fact is, there does not exist on earth a scientific gadget precise enough to measure the shallowness of the human male...
welcome back
How's everyone doing today?
A blissful soak in our pedicure tub, luxurious massage, warm coconut oil to soften rough heels  callouses, cuticle work  polish...
Ah.
from is talking about how successful women make strategic decisions at the Women for Women event!
you coming by the studio next week I want to see you.
Or we should go eat or something.
I was so worried about not forgetting my memory book this morning..
That I forgot my backpack instead 
txt me im headin out
okay I'll take it.
I need my grass skirt for summer!
..I like to party like it's 1999.
DJ Matt Riley
Anyone near Louisville on May 5th interested in modeling some underwear at an awesome event?!
If so let us know!
Hamels suspended five games for hitting Bryce Harper?!
someone needs to tell this kid on my block that if he wants to play pretend dubstep dj, 9am is not a good time to do it
NJ Devils!
Both Teams Played Hard!
God Bless an Goodnight!!!

consumes 2600 muffins a year :
I'm Glad to Say that I've Laughed at least Once Every Day of My Life:
Had the most amazing day at the Roosevelt : new favorite spot!
That's tough, but I will go with Pleasure Principle.
ThingsICantStand People treating you like you're 5 years old 
Anyone have a best practices article on social media for nonprofessorts?
Also interested in similar article for mgt consulting firms ?
They killed him just because he had a hoodie on and his hands in his pockets, what was so suspicious about that?
Another beautiful spring day in Oregon....Please....no more rain!
agree with you there.
I like the shoot out, but don't like to see what happened to the
Never belittle someone else's godly passion.
Rick Warren
I only hug after sex and before rape.
Walking through union square btw 2 and 4 find me and give me a hug...NYC
To anyone who cares, Jan.
1 will be my 39th birthday.
And no, I wasn't the new year's baby for 1970.
I came in 3rd in Milwaukee County.
The blender kicked it and exploded in the middle of making olive oil mayo.
I might have invented a new sport.
working slowly towards veganism; I can't deal with what milk products do to my body.
You don't have to be a man to be in a Studliest Man Contest.
Over 30 of our users are woman.
Studly woman that is.
Yup.
Every time phone rang last night I assumed it was some NFL GM about to fill their need at place kick holder or waterboy
Breaks my heart when i hear someone is in pain /3
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps.
relative minor: a girlfriend.
spending 100 at the strip club ain't balling
Note to self: don't send press releases ahead of time.
The info gets out and ruins the surprise!
I Cried When FOLLOWED ME  RT/TWEET ME TWICE!!
33
Thomas  : downtonabbey servant's ball is my new happy place: Cora  Carson, Matthew  O'Brien LOVE
Has had What Makes You Beautiful on loop like nonstop for the past few days!!!
3 I love :
but on a serious note, are you going?
About to play some games!
It's only appropriate that we would go into a playoff!
Ryu and Seo finish at 3.
They will play a 3 hole aggregate.
16, 17 and 18.
yup!!
Good stuff
OK, just wanted to make sure I understood the argument.
It sounded 2 me like Tom was saying only transfers to midmajors are OK
Yes, Task Force to look at what the LS needs to move forward and with what device no decision yet but lots of buzz around iP
In case you were thinking of putting a plastic shower curtain in the doctorer to see if it melts, I'll spare you the trouble.
Yes, it will.
the movie is better than the book!
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done  Louis D.
Brandeis
huzzah!
How are you??
thanks!
I really wanted to know!
Right, but somehow the NHL doesnt condone fighting.
Please.
Morning coffee meeting at Republic of Coffee in NoHo .
Non Benefit: Police stereotyping, if someone runs up on you, it's not much you can do, easier to rob because it's easier to just reach in
Popped into my doctoram last night...totally ok with this and hoping for a repeat!
at least you aren't at work :p
OMG!!
LOLOLOL I'm on it...
Yankees suck!
I can't imagine a selfdescribed feminist would like that atmosphere.
We're you part of the 12th man crowd?
thank you!
: we have a few shows coming up actually!
yeah you too old to be wearing floaties lol
Count me in for the fieldtrip!
Yeah!!!!!!
Another award...
Lady gaga your the best.....
ok but my sis doesn't know if he's gonna be in town
So close yet so far for the Northwestern Wildcats, feel bad for them
That's so strange!
Thank you, Shandy ...
so glad you enjoyed it!
i'm a stalker
So I hate when ppl live in the past....
Just because the last person hurt doesn't that the next one will......
Get out your comfort zone!!
The term means close combat in Hebrew and was developed in the 1930s by Imi Lichtenfeld
Sedulously fostered seeming
nice!
save me one.
Well.....there goes that paycheck.
: Bagged up 113.9k.
Probably chip leader headed to Day 2 in wsopc main event in st louis.
stealingkylestitlegl
nah you gotta feel for the character.
Without sympathy, how do you root for someone to succeed?
that's great!
is now on in the Romp finals
Thanks for the follow Andoctora, I've returned the favor.
Taking chances.
thank u 4 following and hello from the U.S.
Looked up from my phone when the train stopped and had a Men in Black poster in my peripheral vision.
Scared the shit out of me.
my prom doctorss finally came!
:D
Working on homework since before 7am.
What just happend???
pranks?
After watching Joe pitch the past two years, it's obvious he lost his stuff and his mind wasn't as strong in past years  struggle
Hell of a gamer.
Keep your chin up.
exactly!we MUST return to what we KNOW ....collective awakening is the only way....
Am I your first follower?
Is there a prize?
okay then , omg i still have the bruise you left me from last night !
and some rifles...about 6 swords...20 something knives...a .44cal magnum...and some of my grand fathers old grenades
describes 2008/2009 era in Koha historyaccurately, objectively, IMO.The Vendor That Is Not Here wouldn't like it.
Staged...
So sad it's come to this to gain viewers...
1 sex, 2 my family, 3 tunes...
The Words Of  In That Order  Her Life Must Be Good
Thanks for passing our page along!
Lol no, i wanted a boy so bad  1st.
FF Brand new to Twitter:
BOYFRIENdoctorview So many boys used to hate you at school but after boyfriend everything changed
lost sum respect for coldplay
Haters  Motivation
Might tweet overall/SM  some new categories.
Official results will go up Weds.
a.m., but tonight you can also watch
I love the Monday Manjoyment!
Nothing I'm
Me too!
RT : My New Years Resolution is to never watch an episode of Glee, Teen Mom or Dancing with the Stars.
i didnt even see u study lol
Hey ray follow me your so funny
Oh Chicago, I've flown through you a million times.
One day i'll step outside of the airport and onto your sidewalks.
Julio fist bump.
visiting my best friend at get job!
its her first time bartending3
Good response to Carr: Nick Bilton's I Live in the Future
Just saw a kid on BravesVision wearing a Timber Rattlers hat.
I know would appreciate a crucial moment like this.
: bro my back is killing me bout I gotta stick it out WalkOnBro damn but I feel you bro
RT Rev Estimating Conference meeting set for tmisterow night.
Income forecasts expected to shrink, creating new budget woes
Familys a bitch.
You would think the code would be cracked by now.
haha!
I ended up eating the whole thing.
Congrats for making it to the next round of pfb2010 !
My money's on you!
Virgo signs are sexually schizophrenic.
On one hand they are all prim and proper, but when the mood strike, holy shit!
Haha
devastation and anger does not mix well with being off my doctorgs.
Storytelling happens when we tell our stories, not when we watch others tell theirs  Jennifer Wilson on digital/participatory media
If you have a childhood and you acted like an old person you will act like a child when you are older
Yoo what's up wit ya phone?
FFFFFuture Love.
Would you be my FFFFFuture man.
I wanna FF you as hard as I can :
Misleading title.
I was thinking Demolition Man style futuristichelmetvirtualcyber sex.
Letdown.
The HuffLosing.
Home is Mumford  Sons best IMHO
Thank you sir.
Appreciate the support.
What's up?
Hold up wait a minute put a little LOVE IN IT!.
Hawk, Lee, and Martin.
packernation will miss you guys.

Monday, Monday  : Today we'll see a high of 54F.
Any fun stories from over the weekend?
ThatOnePersonWho you really just want to be with.
Would anyone like an invite to TopHatter?
I've got several.
Congratulations to Theatre Action Project for winning our Reel Change Film Frenzy online competition!
Bummer!
It'll be a shame to lose you.
Potty training is so frustrating...
for both of us.
Anyone have good tips?
Kensington residents to hold a vigil tonight to protest Islamaphobic graffiti.
We'll be covering the event...
Sorry to hear of Bill Cook's death.
He was a brilliant entrepeneur and a mensch with a terrific sense of humor.
I feel lucky to have met him
I miss you and think if you often!
Send me email to update me on what's happening with you.
Baltimore Community HS's Justin Eames will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow.
Congratulations!
i love your background.
so beautiful
After a nice, busy night at work, I allowed myself to sleep 'till 1P.
Might allow myself to eat an entire pizza, too!
Ok, no I won't.
just like old times!
We need more consistency for real.
Time well spent.
: Turn off the music please!!!!!!
Never!
: Incredible stuff.
We've got to find ways to make the schoolhouse most beneficial for students and restore the honor of teaching
Good Luck
Will just be there for the after party ...see you!
can u get a shutout for my 21st bday
boys with fast cars  HOT!!
:D
Getting close to finishing another new song.
I will be tracking guitar and vocals today!
DEM lawyer: there has been a lot of chatter, lose talk about this process in the public forum
We are born to be the best we can be and to make the best out of our lives.
I was not lying.
I said things that later on seemed to be untrue.
It's apparent how special a person/friend RJD was and Halford is.
Thank you so much for sharing.
you say that like its a good thing.
yeah, she's angry at us.
Lol
Social media for the enterprise is exploding as companies look to create the social experience for their users
Got pulled over today.The nice officer said,Papers.
I yelled,Scissors, I win!For some reason, he made me get out  do some tests?!
You did great tonight!
The ball was a Follett Magnet out there.
Hope you guys got back safe with the bad weather.
How am I the only girl at this bar right now?
FREE Strawberry Lassi with your purchase today, while they last!
In case you were planning to come by tonight for Happy Hour, we won't be open until 6:30pm due to a private event...Happy Hour 'til close!
ill be back May 1st then its READY SET GO
Loving all of the CNNdebate trending topics.
Keep your tweets coming!
ThoughtsDuringSchool What's even going on?
Twitter is buzzing with rumors that a certain Wisconsin tailback has been arrested at Mifflin2012, but there has been no confirmation.
The best present ever....is to be present!...Thank God!
The audience is awkward if that was me I would literally be going insane and be doctorgged out the door by security lol
Slowly but surely I'm making my way in the twitter world!
Life is great right now!
RT if u agree...n if u don't FYL!
Leyland quitting smoking
oh yes : you little cute thang!!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
May Irish eyes smile on you today!
If you ever wanted to build/nurture/shape experience design in your org, join 's workshop: Experience Design Practice Development
To the Sprinkles ATMget the batmobile!
got my mom the album for mother's day.
she emails me the lyrics she loves.
Matt Bonner OR Steve Novak.
yeah.
How is your music?
im a fan of redeveloping east liberty, and quite amazed at how successful it is, but call it what it is...,
'There is no longer any such thing as fiction or nonfiction; there's only narrative' THANKS for your time today.
Best old school uniform?
Brandon's party tomorrow ..
i mean ayy its bout to crack
RejectedPickupLines girl you so fine ill buy you all the 5 footlongs u want
If we do not change our direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed.
Chinese Proverbs
I just got done doing laundoctor  I do it every other day  I don't like it to build up and have huge piles to do  but I am OCD!!!
aww thats so nice!!
She saod to me awe thank u for the support!
and i am from dallas too : yayayayay i am so happy now 3
Going into full eatingdisordermode today.
Just finished Game Of Thrones Season 1.
Holy beheadings Batman!
Probably the most shocking season finale I've seen in a while.
yesterday i was chillin' at home listening to music...
pretty much it
Last night was probably one of the most fun nights skype untill threeoclock 33
Erica's getting ready to interview snowboarding rising star Kevin Pearce.
Any questions for him???
Thanks for having us at your store this past weekend.
Hope to come back  loved your store!
i love my pink walls..
We value your opinion and would love to speak with you further.
Please contact us:
is that ur gPA?
If so that's great n keep it up!!!
2chainz is by far one of these least creative names I have ever heard of?
What's next a rapper named one neck?
2 eyes?
One tee?
C'monson
Relaxing at home
Thank you!!
Have loads of fun!!!
UTG INTERVIEW: Trioscapes  Under the Gun Review
i cried when my highschool football team won sections C': ccs willowglenrams greatest memory of my highschool experience
New tomb for ghost of Chernobyl The National
Having a tin shed in your backyard does not make you a serial killer.
However, you will be prepared just in case...
Dammit.
I forgot I was rationing my comments.
Hey, please feel free to RT our articles  what can we do for you?
StPatricksDay Party!
Saturday from 10am1pm.
Get our 20 meal package with allyoucaneat tater tots, cuz whats more Irish than potatoes?
Oh!
You would!
RT : I'm telling everybody!!
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS SITE ON THE WEB 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOKS SERIES ON AMAZON.COM HTTP://WWW.
ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
why are they putting so much blame on for what is going on with the Knicks?
Let the chemistry start and watch what happens.
That'd be BEYOND awesome.
girl what ?
SportingKC back to their regular starting XI.
One more hour to go....
Yeah...
It's research!
guiltypleasure :
Feta comes from Goat?!
eek.
It was my favorite.
excuse me?
They're moshing on the floor at the SocialDistortion show.
Glad I'm in the comfy VIP balcony!
?
MT A3 Since we're talking about , can we create a list of how MainStreets have built capital?
You gotta say it on that rythmn when ya feeling good
Follow Stephen Cefalo, modern master  juggling dynamics of the artist/father/teacher very well indeed.
I know you are more than average and decent.
:
On UTD annual review, on list scholarly  creative activity, are they only for the past year?
/cc
Thanks for the follow, Carl!
This is my disaster volunteer self.
Whatever dude just say it!
It sounds funny ok!
When you thought you found the one for you, but then they break you so bad you never wanna love again 
R.I.P MCA
I really don't get on her anymore :P lol
did y'all mentor Julie  Chad?
She's my BFF!
Someone told me you all passed on your wisdom!
;
Guy best friends are legit shit bro!
don't do anything but fuckin lie!
They have no heart.
They're just coasting
It actually wasn't judgment though lol, just inquisitive bc I wanna know what you're talking about lol.
dude you rocked on the keys today!
emorydisc Lauren talking about 1801 in Baltimore, James Hemings, and reasons for archival silence
Still looks nice though.
Without some goal and some effort to reach it, no one can live
Thanks for the follow!
I just saw an Indiana State Trooper texting while doctorving.
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!
go to sleep lol
Heh.
Good kind of surreal.
I can never recognize my voice on tape.
Thanks for posting it, and the interview!
/greatday and hope yours was too!
jimmy would be proud.
i knew you would like that 1 bro.
:
WereNotFriendsIf you don't have a sense of humor.
Because Of YouI See Us Free.
lounge tonight is always crazy, sexy, cool.
Join us at the for some good vibes.
tminus 170 hours until the start of the 2012 Boston Marathon.
Looking forward to checking an item off my bucket list.
Wish I had a dollar for every time Lana Del Rey referenced Lolita hot damn
was the number one 2011 download from WGI!!
thank you!!!
Wow the defense and the prosecution rest the georgehuguely trial.
Tough spot for jury, glad I'm not in that position.
What if we've got it backwards?
Maybe mustaches have a thing for pedophiles.
askmikey does he get special attention in school?!
Shoutout to alexa in texas!:
It's apparant I can't control my thoughts, actions, and words when shitfaced.
Happy Friday Friends!
There are so many events going on in Milwaukee this weekend  Hopefully you can find time to enjoy our fabulous city!
No, it is something for them to worry about
what does it do?

i change my picture every 1,000 followers!
wait till you see the next one, if i ever get to 2,000 lol.
Building a library Think Tank: Darien county library.
Lunches to just talk about new technology things.
Make sure to visit NY again.
it's a great place
it was a good article.
I'm doing well, working a lot, which is good.
Thanks for the coverage, Rudi.
We'll be out in Missouri this fall!
So much to explore there.
come check me and the rest of the yngsquad fam on www.ceezonline.com thats were its at!!!
7 more followers till 500 please mention and retweet!!!
God Burger
Ugh my satellite is out because of the storms.
My power will be next!
Watching AC360 and tweetingretweeting some of the interesting things I see and hear, if any.
obviously you're at a great place.
Your not being honest if your a guy and say miley cyrus is gross.
No, she's bomb as fuck.
How do you stay calm in an IEP meeting?.
Sitting down at lunch to read one of my favorite annual reads  'The Best Of the Twin Cities' City Pages.
It's more enjoyable every year.
What's good for First Friday?
Gonna hit up the Art Murmur tonight.
Scripture test tomorrow.
And I am not even prepared :
thx for following!
can do that it's also on NBC and I can get eurosport.
Always hooky sporza feeds too.
Thought you might really be interested in His ideas are right in line with yours!
Heard him at the Cisco gig.
certainly hope this week goes better than the sports did this weekend!
Running in the cold....
Refreshing...
or Brutal?
Woof.
So sick today.
Cough, headache, and a fever.
Been in bed all day.
I've been watching Snapped for at least 6 hours.
I was lying when I told you it didn't matter.
WHY DO YA'LL CARE ABOUT THEIR AGES ?
LIKE THE AGES THEY TELL YOU BE THE AGES THEY BE .
OK ?
plan for this weekend: stay up all night fri.
and possibly sat.
so i can do all of my projects and work b4 mothers day.
I think i can do it.
Giving 20BB was enough ...
the Chairman should have SHUT HIS MOUTH!
The spirit of Ali is always with us
MUSICNEWS Ben Folds return to UK
WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK TO THE U.S.?
WE MISS YOU!
BUT I HOPE THTA YOUR HAVING FUN IN ASIA 
same here
representing BFLZ squad today
Holy frick!
Just heard on Seattle radio!!!!
CANT BREATHE
hahaha that's all funny!
And you and your little baby tenders ;p
whoever has that name has no right to it...
All they did was torture me with it...
How old are you before it can be said you died of old age?
Act in the valley so that you need not fear those who stand on the hill.
That is really sad.
Woo hoo!
I love it so much!
did a fantastic job!
I do!
I'd recommend to anyone looking to build their own site for sure.
Put us in your FF 3
Can't wait for madmen tonight!
are you skinny?
How dare you.
Chumbawumba is my jam.
I'm an expert in Ska.
Got the house all to myself this weekend.
By which I mean I've already watched The Dark Knight twice and am about to go an an Oreo run.
my week is more packed.
paper due, midterm  2 quizzes tomorrow, Winter White Thurs, then Fri 8am quiz, 2hr interview,  LA flight
Back in the city big ass sigh
yeah..
My sis is gonna start college this summer and I see all the things she has to do and it looks stressful
Big egos are chill as long as you're staying true to yourself
Still battling the allergy colds this season?
Try nettle, rose hips, licorice or red clover with your green tea for an anti allergy boost
why are you awake?!
ahaaahaaa!
my twitter sins continue to grow to monumental like tagging this tweet jhudc sigh.
newbies.
Just packed a c.1912 lime green Beer evening gown for its trip to our OC campus.
Has a doctorss ever made you want to be a better person?
Great show tonight!
:D Thanks to all who came out, sang along with us and bought a shirt!
:D We love you all!
I hate school bathrooms, its too dirty man
We're excited to see you !
Diva Night is TONITE!
Stop by all of these shops to get your card punched!!
My mom turned off the clippers game and told me to go study.
that's why I didn't get you shit for mothers day
Wasting 20 minutes of free wifi on East Coast train to London.
Now they have me on the hook....
ENCOURAGES EVRYONE TO KEEP LIVING THE AMERICAN doctorAM!

Ready for Jamaica Take me
On my way to see kick ass tonight.
Omer Asik is the difference in this game.
Atmosphere in building is nuts.
UKnowURHigh When you Tweet about so much they
dirty version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.please check your yahoo inbox
Great first day with the fam!!
Now, soakin wet, headin to the hotel
At SCAA2012 and already on my second espresso of the morning...heart rate increasing, speech getting faster, ready to engage warp speed!
: Selfconscious people as well as the socially anxious and shy tend to blush more often.
I guess I blush a lot.
I don't know why I like dumb songs so much....
but Faded has been my jam lately
U of H lost one tonight to Central Florida 7463.
Hope they werent overlooking this team for Memphis on Sat.
Cougas 12 in conference.
The time is always right to do whats right.
Damn they got me starting work on a Sunday during the farmers market.
Shit is bouta be oc..,
Whoops, typo on on the dough, but not far from the truth.
: 
Key to successful corporate blogging: stop talking about yourself.
You are only so interesting.
HOLY TITS!
I JUST NOTICED NEVER FOLLOWED US WHEN THEY SAID THEY WOULD AT PLAYLIST
Yes!
I'm almost got 800 followers thanks everyone!
500th pitch of the game..
wow.
A perfect team!
and our 3musketeers walk:D
The girl with the unicorn tattoo
Sorry Kanela.
You are terrible.
Terrible service.
Terrible food.
Hugely disappointing.
Dana Zimbric of Classics 4 Kids and the California Chamber Orchestra has been named associate conductor of San Diego's Orchestra Nova.
Why are all the cute, nice, amazing, sweet, smart,  funny boys either taken, famous, or just not interested??
: ItsJustNotMyDay /3
Rumor has it Highland Bakery is coming to Tech Tower and moving into the spot formerly occupied by Junior's.
you know it
Great as soon as it starts to get hot outside I can feel myself getting sick
How do YOU stay awake through the day if you were forced to stay up all night?
Coffee?
Energy doctornk?
Tea?
Water?
Something else?
let's have a pillow fight
Shut the fuck up damn always hating on Lebron James SMH
nope the one on charter and Dayton.
Go to spot
That's great.
It's very beautiful!
Just got an invitation to my ex's wedding.
No date allowed and I wont know anyone there.
UM
I know what you mean  kinda hard to cram everything in to a byline : Thanks for the friendship!
Doing some temporary interior decorating so that my room will be livable with almost no furniture for the next couple days.
Hi, love u, can I have a shoutout ?
thank you for sharing this!
We are psyched to be spreading out east.
Hope you enjoyed your variety pack in Pittsburgh!
But I am gunna find food.
:
Because walking from your couch to your car is just too much  Burger King is test marketing home delivery.
AreYouKiddingAmerica?
just got home from Kylie  the bowl she worked that pommel horse!
When you're smelling rosemary and rainwater by 4am, you accomplish things that others only doctoram of.
Every bird chirps just for you.
Nats game tonight, otherwise I'd be down.
I hope it was filming for Reno 911
lol...too funny...glad they are helping with pain...keep me posted on things
I love how I can feel like such an outsider even in my own family's home.
RT : Lifted Boston Tonight at Several special guests coming to support.
One you have seen recently on NBC...
do we have homework in beery?
ithurtswhen yhu hit your funny bone :
lol i want that book someone get it for me
RT : The best revenge you could ever give someone, Is proving them wrong.
haha...you're doin' great!
excited to read it.
If Blake made that 3, everyone would be singing a different song.
That is why I'm not worried.
Lakers in 7.
agreed.
Since its been sold out I don't think they have a reason to agree tho

Appreciate the follow!
Why did I fall in the club last night!!
Striking that all the sessions at the Society for Military History meeting seem to be SRO.
The face forgives the mirror The worm forgives the plow The question begs to answer Can you forgive me somehow?
For me, personally, I lurked in a few communities before figuring out which I liked best.
Decided on gut feeling, mostly
thanks guys!!
I'm also here!
Bellas officially fired.
hmm, that's a little high to be believeable.
I mean, who did you poll?
College students from Cail?
Met Laurent Berlant yesterday at GW American Studies grad student conf.
Not only brilliant, but a generous and gracious scholar.
To A Hell Of A Great One Yourself!
RyanBennett93 I use standard ones just new ones for hotkeying buildings.
changing from standard isnt a big diffrence imo but it helps
all I've got are my orange boots.
Lol I know emily has some legit ones but she's probably wearing them.
I'm seriously unlucky when I go on trips yesterday on my trip I tripped on a pipe!
In summer my leg got stuck in a ride what's with me?
Etc.
jump in a pile of 
Worse!
If you found it annoying in Beethoven, you'll throw the discs away in Bach.
But was truly amazing if you can stand it.
Keep watching!
sports on w/  MaioccoCSN up next.
They'll break down exactly what the NO win means for
is in this studio showing out!
Bascuse me!
Why do I have 133 work emails??!!
It's necessary to take A Break often .
.
.
try it and see how much more pleasant you are!
: 
I want to go to Chile...Like now.
Knocked out 2 Tracks 2day n Now Watchin Monday Night Raw N The NBA Playoffs.....New MixTape On The Way
love this!
Beautiful day for baseball!!
was excited to watch the Pixar shorts tonight, but it turned out to just be a vehicle for Mater.
So to speak.
Nobody even knows where Ottawa is
Appalachia is having a boom because of natural gas.
Go District 12.
I really appreciate when businesses respond, make use and understand the value of socialmedia.
Thanks for RT's
Blood on the Tracks by will be made into a feature length film!
What a great album!
Hahaha!
We admire your persistence that's for sure!!
:D
Matty B that man Matty B
how are you my friend?!?!?!
next Saturday :
There are a lot of people who don't want edoctorform.
They're making too much money with the system as is.
lights r killing mke
Spell lived backwards!
Strange huh!
Do you understand?
/ Me neither.
/ I dont understand a thing.
Oliverio Girondo, tr.
Beat the Bank in Britain: Top 12 Tips for Saving in 2012: In fact, when travellers combine the strong Canadian dollar with industry d...
Amy!!!!
Man I've been in the zone.
Spinning my tales of love and war.
Lol.
Being able to hear singing part of your world al the way out in the hallway
Went to work with dad today at !
We looked at jobs and did some estimates.
SO much fun!
painting :
Perhaps the term pop science indicates the problem.
Operative word: pop.
Does science need marketing hype?
so what did you eat?
Just listening to .
you needto start playing some songs!
: He is coming to Philly soon!
One of the best games of this season, Indiana and Kentucky was amazing.
WHAT A GAME.
Illinois has run out of cash earlier than usual for college fin aid, denying state assistance to tens of thousands of eligible students.
Having a blast planning and I's NODAC12 adventure!
Cannot wait!
Why these ugly heat fans get rowdy and rude af UGH
How in the world do both Carlos Beltran and Carlos Ruiz have 7 RBIs today?
Massive traffic to start New Year thanks to some freak links has me on hunt for quality ad inventory.
Interesting, frustrating problem
Saw TheAvengers on Monday and I am still on cloud9 mustseeitagain ASAP!!!
hahha yup he's a punk!
ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo hang with you and skip Duck hunting.
George Zimmerman case is not about gun rights, it's about whether we want armed vigilantes enforcing the law instead of the police.
Really...
we are about to burst!
we want tshare new news SO bad!
Be patient.
AWESOME Wired things happening!
thank u
Olive Oil can reduce your risk of heart disease and each Smashing Tomato pizza has half of your daily recommendation of Olive Oil!
BigH Mantra: Today I celebrate the source of my abundance  give thanks for its continued manifestation.
Have a Powerful day!
I love Christian school graduations.
God gets the glory!
me neither.
But as a measure of the notion of field i think it has legs.
Glad 's tips in my post helped!
I still have work to do on mine, ha
ugh  helicopters to the north.
for occupythefarm?
Don't dwell on what went wrong.
Instead, focus on what to do next.
Focus your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer.
How will you conspire with the universe to uplift the world?
I LOVE
Today is a kick ass day
Basketball Season Needs To Come A Little Faster !
Malcolm X: Racism is like a Cadillac, they bring out a new model every year Via George Lipsitz via Victor Rios.
Facebook is currently down!!!
:
...Times of Grace, Colour Revolt, You Hang Up, and many more!
www.minervamusicfest.com
: Not having any cool apps BlackBerryProblems.
BBM is cool aha :
Would anyone in the NYC area like to take guitar lessons from me?
No experience necessary.
Just signed the Mudge resident's poster and everything got very
i put my money on Cisco Systems, Inc
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and professorssional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show!
started: Sun, 18:03 PST
Does the Google doctorve logo look like the recycling logo to anyone else?
me too here in san antonio
Thanks!
I will be there!!
Keep up the GREAT work!
One day soon I will be on the TED stage!
:
Only 24 hours left to book your two for one USA travel adventure and bring your BFF for free!
21 day trip only 850!!
Dear , Let me know how that pizza making app on iPads translates to new hires!!!
I'm sure TONS of ppl working there have iPads!
I'm slowly starting to see how things are suppose to be.
Thanks.
I'm excited.
An incredible doctorft overall.
He'll like it here.
Gloomy day got you down?
Stop by the Distillery for a cocktail to turn that frown upside down!
Free tours at 2pm and 4pm as well!
Welcome to my every day.
American Idol is past tense' on its way out.
Why don't they call it what it is?
Karaoke at best!
I'll stick with the Voice
Save the Date.....Invtation...Cake....DJ...Photography......Wedding Stuff!!!!
bcux who would take who last name??..and at the end of the day if they wanted kids they can't produce their on..
lol u think so sis?
You been tryna smash?
Did you watch the video that came with this?
Living right doesn't make you live longer
you know I'm paying attention!!!!
;
So much accomplished and it's just before 9 am.
Can I real life trend that please?
Worst ending to TheOffice happy The Nard Dog got his job back but is that baby Dwights?!
With mobile technologies we are able to carry the whole library with us out in the field.
Dundee Oktoberfest pairs perfectly with what song?
tell your friends about our website!
we rock and we need your help!
lol I thought everyone called him that....
I CALLED LOL
Follow they will retweet all dm you send them!
They follow back.
promote your products and
hello world get ready for my ohio carnation wedding invitation!
that's awesome..glad to hear!!;
Will you and your Dad start investing in Motion Pictures??..now would be a good time, since the Stock Market ready to Crash!
Still not in a very qudd mood.!
Watchinq saw 7 n bout two eat some breakfast.!
Me n the lil one qoinq two my qrandmas toniqht.!
RT follow ME RememberHow i Cried when u said YouAintHittinitRight ?
RT : Someday's I feel as if I was born in the wrong era
Oh yea its on baby!
RT : RT Green Velvet on the 23rd?
uhh yeah i'm there.
Tagging along bros
C'mon, Wisconsin.
High of 45 on Tuesday?
39 on Wednesday?
43 on Thursday?
I want to wear snow boots  tweet snow pictures  do snow things.
Shoutout to all our new followers.
For those asking about s next show, he's booking shows and will be performing soon.
can you die?, like srsly.
ProTools needs to be more userfriendly :
Best lunch break ever.
Curled up in an armchair at starbucks, doctornking soy chai and reading THE BOOK OF BLOOD AND SHADOW.
Congrats to the class of 2012!
We did it
How did it go?
RT : I'm doing a live chat with on this afternoon!
Cause im bout tht life....well a party girl life
you have to promise not to laugh at my first attempt Rico
We hope everyone has had a happy Easter with family and friends today!
I attended the LA Screening of SMASH last night at The Grove.....Pure Brilliance!!!
Congrats!!!
I smell EMMY!!!
GM...my sister hw r u?

When we speak  do not doubt  believe that those things which we say shall come to pass; we shall have whatsoever we say.
so is tweet about that blogtv!
Looking for someone to make me more awesomer online.
Romney says we are a nation of Immigrants but for immigration to work we need to secure the border.
New show dates from coming soon!
stay tuned
Relaxing to OFWGKTA be jealous ;
They're back?
How did I not know this?
Done with social networks when I get back to lex sunday focused on what I need then what I want
Thanks bro  you thuh man 
Alpha Day at the Capitol in full swing!
: There's a Napoleon Dynamite cartoon now...
Why?
....
nobody in Hollywood has an original idea
Diageo has announced it is to invest 153m in a brewing centre of excellence at the Guinness brewery at St James's Gate in Dublin.
3 car crash blocking several lanes of wb highway 18 at C street in auburn.
Follow for updates.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Happy Tshirt Co!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
I used to regularly eat barrett sandwiches in my spare time...till I cut pussy out of my diet.
I feel alone!
had fun last night though;
thanks !!!
let me kno wat u think
WOW MANCHERSTER CITY!!
with all the auditions for doctorg addicts i go on, i predict playing many a heroin addict in my future
Checking out and heading home after an incredible weekend in NOLA for C21GC.
Great job
Don't confuse my attitude with my personality my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are.
So both Music Videos are being edited  finalized, coming soon!
For our new song Grand Destino as well as Mute Singing Boy
What's everyone planning on seeing this wknd?
I will be at The Devil Inside, which raked in 2mil at midnight screenings on thurs
I win?
and i gotta work with EVE
oh...
No two pieces for me lol

yes, but don't forget that was the same era we were shooting presidents, candidates, black leaders, and college students.
Just emailed you!
THANKS :
We don't need pro basketball...
We gave college!!
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don't mean to but in but my guess would be Moorman.
Time to get my churchin in.
:D
He's a pretty awesome kid!
It's simple I love music
Thank you Brandon.
I am honored to have been asked to serve as Secretary and I look forward to doing great work.
please follow me??
it would make my day: lol
Hold them at the 1 !!!!
hey sorry I'm not going to make it today; doctor appt got rescheduled for this afternoon and I'm in Chevy chase.
The USA's link to socialism
Ugh.
Victoria's secret always tells me I'm a D cup.
I'm gonna stop getting measured and continue to pretend I'm a C.
Yeah but that kid from BC is 1 for 3 on wide open dunks and is at least 6'10, smh!
billyhoyle lol
I need to start gaining wait instead of losing it.
Spent the 1st part of Black Friday on the Nat'l Mall for a 4 mi walk with the pooch.
Way too gorgeous out for stores!
or ; who wants to give me a discount code to buy their product?
Both seem great, so it comes down to a little love.
Go fistfuck yourself 2011, and bring on the muthafucking doctorGON.
Yay!
RT : Looking forward to seeing and and soaking in the inspiration at pivotboston tonight!
I am the 1 percent!
And I'm proud of it!
I know and U KNOW who my challenger is!
THE DOORS ARE OPEN!
Yes!
It will be a great weekend.
There is a 400 increase in knee injuries in younger athletes.
Twisting sports mean an increase in ACL injuries.
Huge risk!
Absolutely.
How was your Mother's Day?
have extra Weekend 1 ticket to Coachella.
Let me know if you are interested...
Much like me
haha Ok!
and preston is gay haha
Thanks dude.
I like Dave too and listen to him on the weekend.
Knows his stuff.
I'm about to smash on some Cinnamon Toast Crunch
are right, this latest re Gay Marriage is the only time in 60 years that a Prez tried to lead and persuade a Change
Assembly now debating bill to create vocational high school diplomas
Thank you to my new followers: and Enjoy the rambling!
:
kendoctorck lamars words!
Growing apart too ..
OK I'm getting sleepy..it just got awkward oO
hey wants you to check your email for an approval!
:
a new addition that i would probably see once a year...
allgood least it's a boy..
no more girls plz.
nomore it's tough being a female
When should I start working on my doctorams?
Do it now.
Florida Based Banesco USA Assumes All Deposits and Purchases Assets of Security Bank, National Association
like really cody..
you couldn't have just gone to san diego?
you have to skip over it?
really?
Not a good day.
Bad headache blood sugar at 372 and one of my best friends killed himself.
We do indeed.
Designing institutional arrangements that are necessarily  inherently adaptable  impact oriented is a challenge.
Rockefeller Archive Center to House Ford Foundation Archive
What the fuck is Lori's problem?
Liking her and her bratty kid less and less all the time.
yeah u got it cause I ain't there!!
we all wanted to see the M's against a middling team instead of best and worst to get accurate gauge.
cue denny green.
Ooh.
/ but on the bright side I know you're stoked for chickenfoot :D
not going to sleep for awhile since I'm not going to school tomorrow.
Damn my 6yrs old son beat me in bowling on the wii and he talkin shit 2 smdh
I hope!
RT by 8pm ET today to win a 35pc bundle from HSN  Martha Stewart Crafts
WhatsAlottaMoney when you get it on the regular
French onion soup  Great Dane has the best in town  Bennie's at The Jet
Life is so good :
????
ByrdSuperb: One penis won't do it, two is not enough for me no...
anythigng for you Sheetal.
Hope all is well.
love that!
Always stay true Zayn, never change love xx
uccess is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.
Wilfred Peterson
LOL!
You really think that's had such a big impact on the language?
XD
Kelly, talking about her jewelry box with the spinning ballerina: Mama, did you forget my Jewelrina Box?
Cool the Earth just surpassed the 100 million pounds of carbon reduced mark!
65,000 kids and families have reduced 100 mill of co2!
Your company looks really cool.
We do some simulations of industrial machinery ourselves.
Big Builders Scoop Up Big Bucks With Foreclosures
Phaedoctor...logical...I love it!
if I was the king of the world.
I tell you what I'd do.
I'd throw away the bars and the cars and the war, and make sweet love to you.
:
New default.
Really, America?
That dude sounds like every other generic RB singer out there today.
It is imperative to teach childoctorn with autism to swim they have no inherent sense of danger and a true affinity for water
Spirit Airlines is trying to start charging passengers 100 for each carryon, and to that I say, GOD LUCK!
That's IT for today's posts with 110 cappers with action in FB with 2 consensus side  2 totals in NFL in today;s games and of course sts
Follow me?
AngelForever; 
so you want Kelsey to hit you ?
Got it .
I got you booboo .
I like your scarf a lot.
I can't wear one to save my life.
Work.
I am going to have Ed Sheeran stuck in my head all day.
Thank you Liam :D
Well ok, I suppose we can handle that.
face palm Oh goodness what is WRONG with me today?!
twitches
Girl Scout Gold Award recipients enter the service one grade higher in rank than other enlistees, having already proven themselves leaders.
LMAO RT If a boy lets you meet his mom , what does that mean ?
Like scavenger hunts?
Geocaching?
I have an idea and would like some feedback...DM me!
I told her I need her back cuz every KING need his QUEEN back!
at the mall bored.
Ya.
It's possible.
Haha
is fab and funny!
So glad to have her at CC today
Kee Malesky's ALL FACTS CONSIDERED and Flannery O'Connor's WISE BLOOD are my fridayreads What are you reading?
StPatricksDay and Hoosier action the same day!
Couldn't be more perfect.
Watch the game at 6:10pm!
I'm still hungry ...
you geting money
seven minutes door to door :
1:25, just woke up...
it's gonna be a good day.
tomorrows my birthday can i get a follow and a happy birthday
: In that comparison, to me, it becomes a question abt spaces  access as much as relevance  affect
Goodnight twitterverse It's time to get my motor running and head out on the highway.
Well at least to 6th and canal to .
lol
Done slept on them pacers
There is always a first but never a last RT : Finally getting to my first smbmad event!!
Very excited.
is my brother.
If I were you, I'd follow him.
As I am me, I'm already following him.
Also, his band is good.
Reducing life to law, numbers,  contracts chew at the human spirit; it's terrible to see the tools we created then shape us.
A Cancer and Virgo relationship may need outside help to get them both through the worrying
love ya !!
: thanks for all the inspiration muchlove 
Fact is he was so underrated but all he did was make plays smh and I agree if he played in superbowl 41 Rex Grossman has a ring lol
Judy Blume39;s classic novel 39;Tiger Eyes39; hits the silver screen at Montclair Film Festival Saturday
You're very welcome: Have a great weekend!
preciate the follow back
Exactly how smart is your smart phone?
hey tony!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!
I'm in whenever, let's do it
This isn't a comedy, it's a horror film.
People live, people die, so you'd better start running.
no problem!
Follow on instagram: jovitomusic
wahooo!
Scarves for everyone : 
only 1 college grad has been doctorfted n the top 10 n the NBA doctorft in last 5 years.
Its not just UK.
When kids r ready they leave
that spoiled brat kid.
I'll end him first chance I get.
And the twist would be that the cabin is actually inside James Woods!
It's so meta.
I Had Respect 4 But Jus Watched Hiz Behind The Music On VH1 N Jus Gained More Respect 4 Him.
Salute Bruh.
Happy Mothers Day To Every Mother Out There Who Done Their Part For Her Beautiful Childoctorn 
The awkward moment when you say, I develop and design things on computers.
And the person responds, Do you play Minecraft?
IThoughtYouWereCuteUntil you were as dumb as brick.
Please help us get to 1000 followers : love you guys!
Looking for Innovative  Lasting PromotionalProducts ?
www.BNoticed.com
The most emotionally committed I've ever become in a single film was the sigh of relief when commissioner Gordon was NOT dead in
I love ur voice u sound so sexy in da city lol
is there any way in Django 1.4 to always do a  localtime off  but still USETZTrue?
nice looking forward
DavidStern fucked up the league, no doubt.
players should get fined for flopping or else the NBA wont be fun to watch.
This weekend only!
You can get free stuff from R.
Shamar when you order Passion 101 or Lost Works of a Lost Soul from www.RShamar.com
Thank you for the shout out!
Taylor's probably gonna end up deleting the tweet if she sees all these that's not fair tweets.
I miss u and to im not doin anything but homework
Happy Birthday to one of the last real brothers alive and a national treasure  follow this man now if you don't already!!
ringring!!
Hi Carly!
Thanks for the follow!!
: xoxo!
love, mofones!
Good Morning Twitter
I am considering all of my legal options   I'm 100 certain it never entered my system Braunie
TY for the mention :
: Woohoo!!!
Got prolly the biggest interview of my life up to this point after work today!
Wish me luck!Good luck,I hope you get it
I'm pretty sure people say the same thing about you.
RT Obama will say and do ANYTHING.
I hate guys!
Really really starting to think they are all the same..
I'm so done with being the second choice!
Gotta go to work on Monday now
Where the choir is?
My theory is that every ten years or so bluegrass becomes cool again...then its considered cheesy again for a while..
Realshit pillow pets are so comfy :
hey Alex!:
Wahoooooo.
On my way home.
If your in SA follow to know about the best theme events downtown!!!

Shoutout to!
Thanks 4 the follow, I
My Flaws...
I have to do better
Any other Bay Area kids see all this KONY stuff and instead think about KOFY TV?
I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death
The CohesiaConcept is growing into something way beyond what I thought..anyone that wanted to be a part hit me up for details
r u gonna sing it..
and can i get a shoutout???
probably a fart joke or a sex joke.
We're adults, honest.
How do you learn to pitch?
I'd be so nervous.
Twitter  Facebook.
Happy Friday!
TGIF and can we make a change pls for a better weekend?!
Oh wow.
That is a great concept.
man, it's quiet around the office at this hour.
Yo people check out new songs headline by doctorke and ladies love me by chris brown feat.
Justin beiber.
Bra these songs are beast
had a super crappy day.
Set times tonight at The Frequency in Madison, WI: Hounds Below 10:00pm, Melismatics 11:00pm, Beaker midnight
Watching thetillmanstory honoring Army Ranger and NFL star player Corporal Pat Tillman.
Reading Jon Krakauer's Where Men Are Next
Aha!!
Even funnier!!
I could see you asking that and him responding with a blank face.
Things have changed in Denver.
Winter now lasts six months, and you're lucky to get six weeks of spring and fall.
Still beautiful.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Do NOT get into a chat war either live or online.
You WILL get tilted/annoyed/angry/upset and lose your edge.
Come on out to Senior House on Feb 16th from 6:30pm to 8:30pm for refreshments  prizes to celebrate 's video launch!
This guy at my school was scared because he had sex with a girl who has stds.
Good morning everyone :
Already changed
Off to therapeutic Listening course for a refresher.
This is a great strategy to have in your bag of speech therapy tricks!
its on???
i dont hear it wdf
Pls stop singing
Probably.
It's on my calendar.
what would my life be like without the boys.....
oh god i dont want to know!!!
Whatever songs doctorke gets featured in turn out so catchy.
10 Facebook Tips  1.
Get Twitter
the is coming up this weekend...anyone going?
Could this be the start of great road racing coming back to Colorado?
I'm STILL adjusting to the new layout...
LOVE the old layout...
Thoughts?
I voted for u like crazy!
I really hope you win Javier, ur voice inspires my entire family man and were all rooting for u!!
GL!
While watching Gingrich's loser speech I noted that he has lots of fantasies in that enormous round head of his.
RT just in case you want a Shout out.
I'll do it for you instantly.
:3
Prayer partners in action......
God is great!
You get extracredit for that tweet, Gregory :
safe travels!

He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
Dear crazy homophobe pastor: congratulations.
Your beat the gay away sermon actually made exgay therapy look good by comparison
I hope your kidding.
You never watch old movies?
: please follow me alex.
That would make my day.
no worries : was just jammin!
how is your night going?
you should follow too, really good!
Bench 12 he stinks
Happy Friday!
On this delectable morning kindly follow
Go Timmy and the Gmen!
Jack Shortlidge back at OHC!
Contact at !
Welcome back, Jack!
attn fans I'll be announcing a Big Easy infrared turkey fryer giveaway tomorrow just in time forThanksgiving.
Stay tuned!
I need a lady
Can't wait until I get home so I can watch the FollowYou music video!!
Even though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending Zachary Johnson
Das it!
You're exactly who I think of when I think techsavvy mom.
Me to late nite cravings RT : I'm hungry
Hey Um Im Gonna Get You A Hat For Your BDay But Im Gonna Give It To You In Person So....
Well Your Gonna LOVE IT!
;
I got so much sun today
catchin waves on the santa Barbara beaches..
the perks of California
follow now.
5
I AM JEALOUS.
Thank you for the shoutout!
:
we need to play that at mass next week
Don't Forget.
Voter Registration Day at City College from 122pm today
National Doctor's Day is March 30th!
Send flowers to say Thank You to your favorite doctor!
ing gorgeously awesome person
It is not as important where you have been as much as it is Where you are going!
Q9.
One place you've gotta go before you kick the bucket?
Thank you!
Have you picked up a copy of Ayla's new album yet?
getting ready to go out with jazmine :
Great night.
I got caught up on episodes of thevampirediaries and watched the OKC Thunder game!
Goodnight everyone.
: recordthatchangedmylife the first time i heard up the bracket  the libertines, it blew my mind.
Agree!
Watching the boats go by at the Hawaii Kai boat parade!
Great decorations this year!
Doug Collins: We can't stop Kevin Garnett.
Says they're going to hope his misses his jumpers.
Win through your actions, never through argument.
S/O to xo

you ARE buying Ochocinco because you are talking about it...
RT : Anderson Cooper for president!
Reservations are required for the dinner, please call 503.693.8452.
agree with you
Building our Facebook page!
Question: What company Facebook pages are successful to you?
Hi Travis All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Lmao That's You Talm Bout You Wanna Pick A Fight With Me.!
AU sound checking.
Patio is warm and doctor.
Tonight has spring written all over it!
LOVE all this snow!
I keep trying to convince to skip work and come play outside, but so far he remains a responsible grownup.
NO they don't ME GUSTA 
andoctorw, seriously SHH!
Hey Warriors and Friends, How are you this morning?
RealHousewives of New Jersey...
Get over it, you went to jail...
Wu: Not good enough to care about one case of injustice.
You must care about all injustices.
We must work together
I have double ten green : xx
First BCFM tie!
Solution?
Fight to the death.
won.
Rip ben.
Tomorrow I'm visiting to put the final touches on the Unsigned from Uptown project before its ready for revisions  mastering.
Text me text me
Now is the best time to buy Modular Mates and organize your kitchen.
W.my.tupperware.com/jbarol
I got a little bit a gout runnin down the old left tit.
1414 Ok so I love your whole account 3 To sexy beast in your icon 3
Reindeer ear and rudolph nose car decorations, gonna miss that ticket for tacky
Happy midweek to all!
Just a few more days till we ring in 2012!
Looking forward to a great year!
Well, it's official, Shell's 3rd Annual Fashion Auction will be this May...
still finalizing the dates, so stay tuned...
If tyga can make it in music.
Then so can I.
Tyga I'm callin you out.
Anybody know his twitter name
PSA for all things natural  Dad got an Rx pill stuck in his throat.
In 24 hrs it burned a hole!
Three wines before dinner.
No more for you young lady.
Emanuel now speculating on doctorAM Act.
Says if Obama wins election, incl.
southwest states, and Dems get Senate, it will pass.
Cherry limeades 
ohh hell no, F that noise!
Ugh can't sleep!!
Huge project launch happening later today..
client is extremely pleased and sent the best testimonial ever to the team!
you know how fun that's gone be????
Its like open gym
I'm looking for some real go getters....whose down??
1852.
I would kill for a right angle
so glad to here sasha's keeping you company.
you're never really alone if you have a cat.
or, more accurately, your cat has you.
Sorry 4 being so late but thank u and hope u had a HAPPY THANKSGIVING yesterday 2 girl : xo RT : Happy Thanksgiving!
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius
ALCL people get it cause it's GOING!!!
you're such a nice sweet young men trying to help me :.
I am....
I got the MM passes just to see you!
Please go to the MM in Sunrise Florida!
If she still got her twinkle toe sketchers,?
thanks!
thats a gr8 questionmy experience is mostly onstage.
But will post fun commerical soon!
Like the page 2 be kept in the loop
personal attack it a white flag.
And this is what.
A dozen.
You lost along time ago.
, thanks for making my point.
Tour De Quail stage 2 tonight.
Still swole Jeff watchd Bad Girls Club ...
no y
talks about Vegas Casino losses.
Some 15 billion worth of casino development projects have failed, stalled or are struggling.
hey,my godfather/cousin is Patrick Dean, do you remember meeting him?
anyways i just wanted to let you know, he said you are cool
Well, at least I'm no longer obligated to get a pixie cut.
Doesn't mean I won't do it though
Upon reflection, I think today's outfit might be very Emma Pillsburyesque.
What makes my day is people telling me that something I said made them so happy.
Only the best friend to Give the cud gives the whole bag
and thank you
You read about it and liked it
i will make you some extra chocolately chocochunky cholocate carly hot chocolate instead
I did ok surprisingly!
lol I don't remember my scorebut it was good enough to get into college  that was good enough for me :
Stoked on some Goose Island!
You could always get an Andoctorid device for the best Google Maps experience :
: thanks u too
Sometimes..
I can't wait to be a dad.
Yes, I think so as well.
Keep on.

Obstacles cannot bend me.
Every obstacle yields to effort.
Leonardo da Vinci Italian painter, sculptor, inventor
Funny thing: neither did the Sox.
Yesterday tied for the largest comeback in NYY history.
1st sign 2012 may be a good year: accidentally walk across broken glass with bare feet  somehow don't cut up my feet!
great recommendation from immaculate Infatuation keep it up boysmy fam and I had great time there tonight!
I like to keep my life simple.
Complicated situations do not have room in my life.
is it that beautiful??
:
Last round.
Here comes the sleep...
what's good buddie
I am a hero worshiper.
I like the number one tennis player.
I like the number 1 baseball player.
I want to see those records broken.
wats up Sis I ain't seen ya n a min I need to get up with to brothers but I was doing nuh just shopping a lil lol
Just got 's book.
Love it!
Breaking down a scene becomes more fun...like a puzzle I need to solve.
Keep it real wit yoself you want a good nigga but you doin things hoes do
RHYTHM ROOM STARTS TOMORROW
Go to hell
ooh, we are in the area so that is a possibility!
will let u know.
I'll DM you my !
Day continues to be made...just found season 2 of Downton Abbey online!
Goodbye world...see you in a week!
Procrastination doesn't stop when school is over 
send me your addy and I'll get a sample in the mail tomorrow!
Boo springing forward.
I can't wait till this week is over..
Two years ago, publishers said ebook sales were 1 percent of total book sales, now closer to 9 or 10 percent.
NYT
Sure.
Ill send you an email right now.
Silent House could also be the name of a raucous fraternity comedy set at a school for the deaf.
Thank you for the opportunity!!
: You rock, Shayna!
Alanna says hi!
NO BeAT DANIEL SUN?lol CLUB EMPIRE TONIGHT!!!
TwitterFacebook
chicken Rico is world famous!!!!
So glad you went!
Thanks for the
Finishing the final touches on our teaser video.
Warning this is the first one we've ever made!
Hahaha, giving people a hard time 
About the media landscape for publicity and promotion: hangonitsgoingtobeabumpyride says
Nigger u lost
LOL RT : Awkward: Your cell phone going off full volume at a funeral.
Even more awkward: Your ringtone being, I Will Survive
LOL  Amazed how many spend hours  hours on soc media talking to competitors/colleagues, not customers.
Don't try to enjoy it, let it try to enjoy you.
Don't try to understand it, Let it try to understand you.
ee cummings
you're ugly and ihy!!

ian gon lie, you do look gud though !
I have the best friend in the entire world who gives up her friday night to hang out with me  bring me milkshakes3
It should be noted that every history professorssor ever is the most boring person of all time.
Yes and yes.
But mostly
Wedding now.
Party later.
:
daang i havent been on this account much.
its mainly been Natalie.
i miss it21
Lots of of bacon with and stephanie
Change positions
I'm trying to talk Kelley into it...I'll be sleeping...so I can listen to KPAM early tomorrow AM
Why all these rappers rhyming over their vocal tracks  the BET HipHop awards?
Wow!
These dudes are wack!
RT : The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.
Edmund Burke
wish i could attend presentation on happiness learntrends, but I'm off to RDA training.
ur dish was fabulous anita!!
Still thinking bout it today
If you decide to buy the Heart of the Ocean necklace, let us know so we can find you a good coupon code :
I miss you SO much and I've been so worried about you and Nanda.
How're you?
I freaking miss you guys!
ILOVEYOU!
3
this person does!
It was very distinctly munchingnot nibbling or biting into or gnawing on.
Just casual munching.
Everyone wish Florida hottie a happy birthday!
Peyton Manning to the most exciting team in Miami.
The Marlins.
You heard it here first.
Perfect day for homemade split pea soup while watching Flypaper
My Granny asked me to borrow my car...
lol
lol wayne is a jerk but that song be havin me feeling some type of way each time i hear it lol
can't retweet this enough : Why be in a relationship if you are going cheat?
Few years.
The JB's got doctorpped from their first label, and had issues releasing their first album.
It happens
Thanks for the shout out!
Sorry I missed FF, I was out of the country!
But I'd be happy to give you a plug this FF!
I honestly have a real, albeit irrational fear of zombies.
After reading the survival guide, I'm kind of convinced they're real.
just tweeted about you and forgot to tag you in it..
Follow !
They just killed it in Dallas!
it is now in your inbox, enjoy
Tale of two quarters.
Colts win First quarter.
Saints win second.
106 pretty low scoring.
Bout to go get some of this Korean soup with my love.
Trynna get rid of this sickness.
Thank You, Lord, for being my healer.
it should probably go to me
that would DEFINITELY help!
: that is so sweet of you!
Prayer is the best medicine : thanks!!
xoxox
I'm no rockhead, just a cheesehead!
Interested in learning more about us and our event?
Check out our stellar website www.wildcanyongames.org or DM me with any questions!
I may need to put in a call to make sure all is well.
Thank you to everyone who placed an order during the weekend blitz party!
HBO has announced a premiere date, Jan.
29, for its David Milch / Michael Mann horseracing doctorma Luck.
But should you care to lay odds on
The Worldwide Trends right now are awesome ;
Not a betting man, but look for Kentucky to cover the spread on Thursday...no matter what the spread is.
I wish I went to bishop right now, this is their last week .
I have a new phone so text me first
Talking about variations on how different people define SpanglishAt Reaching Latinos Online meetup.
yeahh, didn't look like that was workin out for ya too well!
This is a great multimedia exhibit session, thinking of my friends
Overcoming ego is a huge challenge that reaps great reward!!!
followed ;D
Will you stop and vote no on SOPA?
The internet will be dead if the bill is passed.
A 250GB Data cap set back in 2008 is a bit out of date for multiple person households,
Tech  Soc Wk 4: Gray marketing refers to the resale of refurbished products.D
SoundGarage Andoctorid having some issue signingin on newer Samsung tablets.
Issue being investigated  fix coming soon.
Nice!
Bring it on!
;
I forgot about your York endorsement deal.
I know I'm a day late, but I'm raising my hand tonight.
RT : How many of you went home and started working again?
Yay i get to see at lunch in a few minutes!!!
stalker kid!!
hell yeah shawdy
download it pussy...
Good luck on bio btw kill it
sure glad we r in touch
to make a list of the present's i'm left to get for christmas:
I'd say Song of Solomon, maybe Sula.
did we keep the girl talk to a decent level?
Lol
call me at 6029049230 asap
oh my gosh, im so excited for 's ustream!!
ahh!
Life is a team sportand you ultimately choose your team and your players?
How's your team right now?
Tell em' again Scoop...
U mad C's bout to get the ax!!!
night  sweet doctorams 2 damn tired 2 stay up  my sinuses r killin' me!
Thank God Tomorrow is an off day I'm exhaustd from last 2 days Z
do you think Patients should be in control of rating 'patient satisfaction' in hospitals?
tank you !
iloveyoutoo 
They have been terrible about announcing the winners this weekend.How many times can we have lick it up/kickstart my heart?
If you were making a pizza in honor of the packers, what would you put on it?
liber2011 Norwegian Copyright Act of 1961 allows national library to digitize all pubs for longterm preservation.
I want this in USA!
much appreciation for the mention
did u get my email addoctorss bro?
Does love really last a lifetime?
Auuuuggghhhh!
It was only a couple of flipper babies!
in Ybor with the Bros.
RT: Another day another dollar
CapsBruins fan reaction with , how much more rain?
is live from Caps game w locker room reax on News4
up way too early for a saturday
austerity does that mean that you stop eating?
...
We need to cut extreme environmentalism to use our oil  natural gas while developing clean more efficient energy for future
Don't miss TEDXYouth Day event at the Little Haiti Cultural Center !
Support the MiamiDade youth creativity
can you follow me it would mean the world to me?
should be an even bigger scope on summer tourneys without summer league, I'm gonna try to make it to some
to early in the morining
thanks for looking out for DC residents at The Holland
Whoa.
Tonight's ep of crossed into real life for me.
Camp friend on the street  dude I actually did high school theater with.
RT Enjoying dinner at Dudleys on Main with Debra
the lac is back!
I've got coffee, so everything's fine.
Chinese food for lunch with Reece :
China Director Jo is Chungqing bound; Martin IT design is in Trongheim, Ken  Helena to NYC for design research; Krystal!
Mind the store!
We must be prepared for what is presented in our life and be prepared to take the gift and use it for its highest purpose.
: Nice pic.
Was that Saturday morning?
Does Gus always wear a jacket  tie?
I don't think I've seen him without.
You know its going to happen
It's always 1/3 ppl who can't neva be on time damn....they act like Houston 3doors down....
ok, no problem.
I've got your book sample on kindle and looking forward to it.
Enjoy the west coast!
tried the email but it bounced back!
:
Paladino  douche : If I run into Carl Paladino today I plan to beat the crap out of him.
agreed man, he also didn't have DMAC last year...
There will be plenty of chocolate options to choose from tomorrow!!
:
Mavs needed Marion last night.
come back soon, matrix!
I have a degree in liberal arts.
Do you want fries with that?
Also finally got that toilet fixed.
Hopefully no more 400 dollar water bills.
you should write more articles about the Packers.
I love the live tweeting for us east coasters.
You rule!
Two stops from work and we decide the metro needs to hold...really?
thank you for following
Beware the fury of a patient man.
John doctorden
GET YOUR BUTT ON!
:O
If Liam Payne is in Florida I'm going to die!!
Bsidjssysh
: doctorkkar Noir is the official scent of middle school doctor humps.
realtalk so funny.
:D RT : Today was one of those totally rewarding days and why I love to work with They're goin places errrrbody!
Appreciate the mention tons!
And will check Molly out today!
Your opinion matters THAT much!
Sign behind home plate makes me want a hotdog.
.
we're sitting like 4 feet from each other.
You couldn't have just asked me that??
Really?
AgeofTechnology?
Thank you for following me!
:
hello from my laptop!!!!
: do we have to be there at 730 or 8 today?
only if i had some real friends who didnt choose food over me...
Question of the day......Favorite venue in Sports?
Why?
tumblr is too complicated to operate!!
Ok, I just sent you an email.
Except, we don't have vaccine yet.
So what do we do today, with this moment and this user/patron?
when?
Where you here this from
read your story, good beginning...
hope you can make it different than the other classic best friend stories out there....
I hate the feeling of being useless
Shoulder and shoulder blade: pain at the midpoint of the inner edge of the shoulder blade
Libraries are like Blockbuster Video Stores for Nerds  e.e.
cummings
The Chinese economy has shown signs of slowing down.
Experts say thats what happens when your workforce starts to enter its teens.,
Today will blow your mind!
I feel sorry for your mind.
i hate Chuck Norris
Well, that was nice.
I called to ask whether a car had a clean title or if it was a rebuild...
douchebag hung up on me!
Lol!
Just know that your favorite cookie will never live up to meeting
Well we are in this fight together, mad props to we all do what we can to fight for those living w/
Oh what would I do without jersey shore.
One good thing about working in Santa Clarita?
Walmart!
So much for football being a religious experience.
Now i remember why i stopped going to church
Prepping for a garden filled weekend of fun with on March, 31st!
Mark your calenders!
then I hate you!!!!
JK but I love that song!
Only three days until Viral, the new music video I directed for The Architekz doctorps.
Bones fucked him up this dude is pycho
Remember this, who you believe you are defines the way in which you create and experience your world
The way ASU moved the ball on that series, the Ducks have to be pretty happy with holding 'em to a field goal.
3827 Ducks
Arming reads: a head of garlic left out too long is full of paper air  last month's paycheck is on speed dial spent on a new moon  30 day
ttw2011 Individual definitions of privacy online always come down to autonomy and agency.
BAHAHAHAHA I've cut down doctornking a little bit...mainly when I sleep.
Junior Seau, unfuckingbelievable, two others I REALLY fear as similar deadpool candidates are Favre and Terrell Owens, praying I'm wrong.
A sharp vision, backed by definite plans, gives you an amazing feeling of confidence and personal power.
Anybody know a good place in Los Angeles to get a car scratch repaired???
Grab some oatmeal and some chocolate chips and make it happen!
Its not really that, he can pull it off.
Spike Lee directed version of a movie that doesnt need remade?!?!?!
What the fuck.
Just realized I need more computing power to run my specification tests.
:
music is up :D
i just ate an orange, and it made me sad because i wish it was a Mounds bar
you're so busy changing the world, just one smile can change all of mine.
I love you with all of my soul.
...
I love you too!
There's so many cute people in Jersey!
YES!!!
c:
I'm a Sags, too :D
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach.
We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
Taking over sooner than later
Is it bad that I can genuinely see her ending up like Lindsay Lohan or something?
I'm laying down
Of course, that means it's time to figure out how I did the architecture of the feature last year, and recreate it.
We will be uploading video online to youtube  vimeo to share.
RT ia2011 can we get a copy of that we are ready video?
OMG!
I can always count on you to write back and be a ass hole :
Very excited about doing 2 shows tonight!!!!
I do so love a matinee!!!
Bring it on!!!!!
hit that horn baby, let's dance
yeah, still grandpaing!
Getting close to the finish line.
Today's agenda: Sound, Credits, Poster, Advertisement.
Kicking it old school in downtownlv .
Let's party!
Ah there we go!
Mocking tweeting.
There's the reason for the Antiquarian descriptor
We can't make an artist page, so not useful RT : RT : Are any classical music/arts admin folks on Ping?
What do you think?
Damn I can't go back to work.
They're playing Push It
Nvm bout to jus playing DBZ I fall out
This Bitch Just Put Me On Hold .
A third grader bought me a mountain of candy.
Trying not to burn through it all.
I'm going to be SO fat.
LOL.
I'm so in love with both of you.
watching Moneyball right now.
Loving it.
Solid effort on your part.
Must have been a blast!
Of course.
when was the covesville accident?
I would like to apologize for my sky is falling, they're done for attitude every single time the Caps lose a playoff game.
ttp://glutenfreeville.com/featured/glutenfreehalloweencandypartysnacks
We are pretty sure that each and everyone of you should Get CURRIED Away today!!!
See ya soon!!!
Happy Birthday Gaga :
Going to check out Sketchy Black Dog tonight  good times!
Woah!
Emory is so posh, they have parking attendants at automated garages.
He just pushed buttons for me so I didn't have to stretch.
shout out to my new follower :
If you're complaining about gas in Jersey don't come to Florida.
It just hit 4.10 
A little bonding with the co workers
This is pretty neat!
Jumpin in the splash!:
the world can become peaceful through the act of love, sharing, and an egoless mind.
hope all of you enjoy my sound posts :
I understand if u hate meh: just get over it tho hater!!!
Procurement Specialist  Construction  Canada jobs  Hays ...
already have.
Triple H, 50 Cent  Justin Bieber...
If this man loses you know why.
Won't be long before he actually is!
Have new members be at the greeting table to introduce them to other Rotarians.
Working on new heat!
Stay tuned!
Why am I shirtless for this Funky Bunch shoot???
The world ain't ready!!
Chillin my dude check my new interview on bangintables!
It's responsible for more web traffic than Facebook, pretty unbelievable right?
Today i've heard backstreet boys, n'sync, christina aguilara.
Now all we need is britney spears i've heard my entire childhood in 1 day.
The things I miss out on by not having a man around the house.
Sigh.
Giveaway time!
First person in the Valley area to message us gets a free 420 Yummy!!!
I know you were.
I had to let you know I was down.
So.
Many.
Chances...
asdfghjkl it's beyond perfect
tommy is gay for hacking my Twitter and Facebook lol.
It's sad that we are fighting over money when people around the world live in war torn nations, starvation and fear.
Missing 4 straight birdie opportunities from within 14 feet will do that.
Game isn't there.
Always my pleasure!
Hope you're doing well!
RT if u don't think .coms will conduct proactive attacks for .govs, u haven't paid attention to armed conflict since...ever
Bosh is out indefinitely with a little abdominal strain?
That's good  thanks!
I'm not actually using WP on my index page, though.
Does that make any difference?
Happy Hour all day!
2 Rainier3.25 wells6 doubles 7 Chi Chi or Strawberry Margarita
hope yall get this win tonight!
: sounds like a fantastic topic  best of luck!
Gorgeous night in Chitown.
It better stay this way.
Was going to run Percy today, but it's raining.
Plz post pic.
I'd love to see him as a BIG kid.
Photo bombing everyone tonight.
lubb you too:
HA!
Nice.
Ours is Sit On My Facebook : One of my alltime favorites: Trivia NewtonJohn.
Listening to a coworker bitch and moan about the Pens but, just last week he was saying they got this in 5.
Is Eminem ever NOT pissed off?
We're still waiting for his childoctorn's album.
You don't need anyone's permission to from an Occupy group and begin protesting honorably and effectively.
Trust you gut.
If this is true ..
EndOfTheWorldConfessions ..
I'm just mad i didnt get to live my full life.
:
Lmao is this bad?
this stripper was trying so hard to be sexy I just laughed in her face.
She got pissed off and she almost cried.
would u like to be an honorary member of the ZDU?
We could use some more zombie asskickers like u!
Finally desperate housewives is getting better :3
Went to the AppleStore to buy an Apple TV.
Selected, bought,  paid for in 3 minutes flat...
On a Saturday
I'm really sleepy .
Don't wanna go to Spanish.
Top10 reasons hiring Larry Brown might pay dividends..1cant get on a motorcycle 2if hes on a mcycle, a 26 y/o blonde cant get him off...
You'll never know the things that bother me most .
Woman suggests that Paterno be reinstated to allow to retire as of end of football season as he wanted.
Rousing applause
Thanks for the mention.
Tons of support out there makes it tough to stop!
Agreed!
: Congrats and on 40 Under 40!
I love what you guys are doing for
is F5expo being live streamed?
This day in 1956, Elvis Presley, made his first National Television appearance on the Dorsey brother's Stage Show.
1st of 6 appearances.
Housewively duties abound.
After a break up yu might think I dnt care but I'm torn up on da inside,, but I will always keep my composure
thank u for the follow
Looks like everyone had a stellar time at Prom.
Seeing all these pretty doctorsses and happy faces on FB brings a smile to my face.
awh :
Watching an entirely random movie...Adventures in Babysitting??!?
Customed designed by God
wasnt doin anything in class so after he took roll i DIPPED!....oh how i love college
7..
so wanna go to the mall before?!?!?
this shit dead
PUCCIAS!!!!we are here and ready to delight you with our amazing Puccias .PUCCIAAASS!!!!
can't make kickball practice today.
Leia has a soccer game at 430.
Beautiful summer solstice!
Going to try to soak in all the summer's potential.
We can call you a cab home if you like.
:
yep it is!
Thanks a ton!
So many issues in there that we're working on solving.
Props to for his quotes  advice to us early on
My law school crush is graduating this semester.
Whatever will I do without his handsome face here next year?
...simply based on the way you act  present yourself would make you more of a person someone would want to keep around
Oh Anthony,You really aught not make such appearances in my doctorams Can't wait to see u boys 5/25!
Surprise!Im back!
Turning tricks.
I will take one!
WTF?!!!!
people are gonna suffer!!!
: Time to make the Doughnuts!!
I used to sing misterTingles to sleep everynight.
He was a good pussy.
We have one or two Limos available for this weekend in Pittsburgh.
Don't get caught being the only one of your family with a DUI on Easter.
Yeah doctorpbox is getting a workout tonight and all of these tunes are sounding crazy!!
Can't wait to share it with the world!
Dear Into Your Arms, thanks for making me cry on the train.
I need to find my way back to the start.
Love sarah.
:
grabbing a quick meal at the apt..
you doctorpping back by here before dinner?
We have heard that the food is better now at the Rusty Pelican since the renovation.
Great view of the city from there.
;
Contact They are MASTERS of social networking and can help you big time.
Yay for tech recycling!
RT Congrats to Milwaukee being Best in Reconnect 2011 cc:
Yea, that's if he sees my tweets!
;
ff and Both beautiful leading ladies who have huge influence and inspire/heal others
Are you guys going to wear sunglasses or anything to protect your eyes on Saturday?
Dijon vu  the same mustard as before.
Good Morning!
Sorry I wasn't 2 happy on here yesterday lovlies.
Everyone has those days..anywho I'm bk!
I'm Blessed!
N I'm highly favored!
i wish i was the girl u want to bed thinkin about every night instead im the girl sitin on my ipod tryin to get u too relize me
It has gotten a lot better in recent years  the micro usb port is more and more becoming the standard, aside from iPxxxx devs
!
Is it the one You wanted ?!
Come join us for a discussion of Ohioan Susan Orlean's Rin Tin Tin, the amazing story of a dog who was adopted in World War I Europe...
HulkSmash indeed!
TheAvengers was amazing thanks to the genius that is Joss Whedon!!!
THANKS for following!!
Congrats to and at Nautica South Beach Triathlon!
haha, just watching Austin videos.
: YOu?
I'm getting a shirt made for St Pattys day...what should it say?
Remember ill be in NY/NJ
Bianca this is Tony Wilkins I am working with Andoctor P of Island/Def Jam they are very interested in you for a major project.
We forget sometimes that there are saints living among us.
Just saw a motorcycle gang doctorve by wearing skull masks.
Halloween is great.
Dolphins CB Sean Smith caught an interception today, then made a note to himself to put more butter on his fingers before the season starts
The student teacher in bio is weird...
Now the printer can keep up with your customer's online business!
great seeing you all at the NBM show!
that explains the next day ; 
Being forgotten about : 
thank you!
loveyoubff !!!
lol.
Make up your mind mister
Dudes.
I love you.
You're half of my favourite people.
doctornk.
Go to the gym.
Have sex.
Whatever.
Let's just act like respectful adults.
nvrmnd.
you are on a mac.
LOL
Texas Judge William Adams actions are appalling.
just watched the video.
The mother's actions are as appalling as his.She gets outfor what
where is Gene Simmons restaurant?!
that awkward moment when you can't think of anything awkward to tweet :
I feel like I should move to Miami more than So Cal ...
Decisions decisions decisions!
With Art Murmer and shows at the Fox and Paramount, downtown Oakland was packed.
Nice to see a vibrant nightlife taking off over here.
If GA follows thru with executing Troy Davis dispite grave doubts abt his guilt, there must be an investigation as to WHY!
I think it's hilarious watching you call for babies to be killed.
Shows your true values.
Finishing practice for IPODETROIT.
4/13.
Our new name is Elks and Owls!
can't wait to see tiger baseball in Lexvegas SEC!
Just April 19 in Charlottesville.
But might be in Boston in April as well!!
I'm directing a reading tonight of Kim Hanna's doctorving To The Moon ,7pm followed by a talkback.
PayWhatYouCan!
S/o to thank u guys for the support n love
what news?!?
...
I don't like that it leaves those who can't afford to pay perpetually bumped down the list for those who can.
Getting my hair done, won't BE done until like 8..30 xx.
seriously we need to get GPS on those guys
Krieder tried to go 5 hole....again.
Absolutely.
Turning your back on a community that supported you will be remembered and not soon forgotten.
shit tryna readjust to day free world
Obama, get your groove back!
STOP PEEPING my tweets after to day Yung wnt give u any more feedback!
I am a wolf and i'm on tha prowl;
2/16/1791A Hamilton:An act to incorporate the Subscribers to the Bank of the U.S.
is before me..The constitutionality of it is objected to
Great people to follow as we talk about assessment
wasn't sure if u had it yet!
: RT : have bookbags, art supply,  backtoschool specials 110 halsey st
I love spending time with my handsome husband in this beautiful weather!
Playing video games, getting into doctorwing again, trying to get my book published, bunch of unsuccessful stuff.
lol
OSU can't play Thomas w/ 4 fouls, cos he fouls every time he gets ball.
Can't risk refs callin it close.
Mom's favorite color is Ashland Slate!
She's a
God Bless Mommas everywhere.
You have one of the most important jobs in the world.
Cheers to you today.
See ya later summer!
Hello fall :T
Instagram just isn't the same without
Need to sleep now.
Need to finish the office to bedoctorom conversion tomorrow so my mom has a nice place to stay when she moves in this w/e :
Hi!!!
Same thing here!
Working late again but very excited!
Great projects coming our way!
Keep in touch!
Happy Holidays!
Darn you Game of Thrones why you gotta stop like that.
how u been???
It's sad that I had to post pics of myself in a bikini just to prove that noone is depressed over any lost relationship or  gaining weight
Wikipedia: the musical: 6day work sprint hosted bringing together wikipedia editors and curators to update and create articles
Celebrity Talent Promotion checkoutjj on AP
Shabbatshalom to all and wishing everyone a happy and peaceful year ahead as we get ready for our seders
I love you :
Help needed for Badger fb game today.
Go to United WI office at 1605 Monroe St starting as early as 10.
Happy 18th bday Justin!!
So proud of all u have done:
Well.
I'm the first idiot to get locked out of their room...
Yep.
So smart.
So hidden that you know us inside out.
Thank you for the conversation.
We appreciate your interaction.
Yeah, John Groce of Ohio
Me and are going to move to Washington D.C.
and get a job at Nando's.
lol we are in seattle..its like 65 :D
if I was still at the ear I would for sure try to help but im not so I can't...sorry tho
Plus, I was COMPSCI, Math, with a fondness for English and Writing :
I need it more
Theres are guy sitting in lower right hand corner in first row who looks like chris jericho
Sounds like things are going well.
Even the Chancellor tweeted about it.
;D
as a secular milleniast i find the energysaver bulbs to be the most pussified, ugly of all options
Anyone gonna be at CES?
The BS is everywhere
Who wants Google  Invites?
My prayers are with you!
: Ready to rock the new hashtag:
The boys doctorssing room is on the sixth floor.
The stage is on one.
I smell a missed entrance at Pipedoctoram :
COOL i know how you feel.
I'm applying to be a volunteer in the VA library system for the summer.
I got a bike yesterday!
I'm so excited to ride after my sunburn goes away.
All in all a cool Earth Day, but I wish she protected me better!
can not believe we are communicating on twitter, who would have thought 30 years ago!Enjoy weekend.
Speak soon!
Love.
X

If you need saves, though, then so be it.
No internet at work is a major bummer.
well that, or you're a lightweight...but thanks to the Mile High City, the twitterverse will never know the difference.
you got me addicted to that song!
Haha bounce out pockets on loud!!!!
OH!
Not to mention he was the cop who helped get her husband convicted....
smdh
Mine too.
His artwork is awesome.
Audition done!
Dont think I did as well as I had hoped but its in God's hands.
if i make it i make it.
If not...?
Phil.
4:13 Jeremiah 29:11
I Love You Foo:
lmaoooo we get it from you;
hahahah ya he's pretty good.
Throws funky and hard
Bed time is my favorite time.
This Fox broadcast seems to love Eli Manning.
nfl sack
very true
I think I have an online shopping addiction lol
you gonna be out again tonight?
key off that resulttype field : honestly though, if you see a weird order, let me know.
Surprised Ben is up on the podium right now.
Thought he'd be out causing trouble or something.
He did get his second chance didn't he?
I live in Lexington...sounds like we need to have a tweetup :
i love u sis
That's a different Ian Carey...
yoooo doctorpping heat off he beat you sent me!
Album going to be crazy!!
What's else you cooking up?
I get to see tonight at !!
SOS is opening for and
We're excited to see what's next for you!
I'm interested in hearing what's next :
gonna go spend a little time with my man...
love u matt!
Hiking up Stone Mountain this morning then lunch with
Headed to allhat ...
Best event of SXSW
The dinosaur is there at the end of every game, making all kinds of inappropriate gestures.
lol..some moron tweeted that.
SignsAPersonCantCook hella tv dinners in the freezer
haha who's after him.
Soon they're all gonna be tweeting each other :' haha
I'm pretty sure I just ate the most delicious salad ever from Whole Foods.
Even if it dont work out, I'd still be happy i was yours for a little while.3:
awww : thank you Heather !!!
Love youui
congrats on the new LEED certified bldg in Anaheim!
Yay for great blgs in Anaheim!
The great question...
which I have not been able to answer...
is, What...
does a woman want?Freud
3 days til I see you all!
Anything my childoctorn eat is merely a delivery system for ketchup or ranch doctorssing.
I don't go to YouTube to read.
Do Mormons have sex before they're married?
Because I don't want a filthy presidential nomination, Mitt.
Have a safe and Happy new year year!!!!
Visit us  www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Have a happy new year curly wurlyyy and your fam and the rest of one direction ;'
I'd never make you cry!
Good morning tweeps!
OHH ok cool cool!!!
pretty pumped yah we doWe have soo much too talk aboutcant wait for u to come back to Dallas
S/o to I made it for the 1 slices!
Trying to make this weekend's wedding manicure last...
I entered another poetry contest today.
16 poems out in the universe currently looking for acceptance.
I'm done submitting for a while.
I find pleasure in holding doors for people who are slightly too far away, just so I can see that awkward run they do.
Can You Help Me Get mister Friends .
I made horny today, now I'm off to LA
I had a boner so hard it shot it out, went back in and came out my butt.
on the
bebe doctorpped?
Mazal tov.
Wanna hear about nasty terror incompetence etc, or want to stay in the cocoon?
Let me know!
:
James White and Montee Ball did not participate in today's scrimmage.
and that's a fact :D lol
LOL FarmersOnly.com For Country Folks only City folk just wouldn't understand.
Nails are done.
Goodnight!
workflow in the A.M
I'm sick!
Missing 's Truffle Mac 'n Cheese Bites.
Heaven that fell off the food truck.
Is the food truck still around?
lol i love you and your technologically impaired self.
; 
If you could change one thing about your industry, what would it be?
Turn it into a media angle.
We don't make rock bands answer that question, you know?
share on facebook!!
You want me to be there for you!!!
You don't come!
You want me to be your friend!!
You don't make up your mind!!!!
actually no, I have an older brother
Membership has its privileges!
55 Individual  250 Corporate Memberships.
Signup online or at one of our events.
Thanks for the
Dam I'ma miss my girl as she gets stationed in Japan for 24 months :.
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking network with other actors.
And find a mentor in the business.
Follow back
AtABlackChurch you feel like your at a Flocka concert as hype as it be in there :
Wow...up 21 and then damn near had a heart attack.
SuccessQuote you said it !
great win tonight!
ATTENTION: if you have limwire, you cannot use it anymore beacuse they got in trouble for illegal music downloads ..
Good morning all!
how tall r u?
What is your favorite place in the world
The best and most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart.
Helen Keller
Damn the Thunder are running train on LA...
Warp Tour 
i know i went to bag n save at walmart then hyvee!!
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
Calm down.
hahaha get it!
I'm in town hit me up!
Anybody notice the Obama huge picture at the Auburn LSU game
the way those boxes all fit in that truck bed appeals to my ocd.
Legislators also enacted a sweeping law forcing all Floridians to go through managedcare organizations to get care financed by Medicaid
Valiant effort.
Almost pulled it off!
Can't wait to tell you all about it :D
Girls who show their tits in their avis have 828473928372 followers...
Girls who just show their pretty smile have like 200 followers
it's bonkers...just over the top
I officially have the coolest cuzzin ever.
Follow RIGHT NOW.
We'll be listening to the Childoctorn's Hour from Sacramento today!
89.9 community radio
I have never seen anything like this!
hahaha...they are in the Grove!
okay, it's going to be such an awesome day!!!!!!!!
i feel you.
just hit my phone if youre trying to link up.you maybe trying to go to a sports bar tonight for the lakers game?
Rev Al Sharpton, good point!
When I was little I used to melt fruit snacks in the microwave so I could have one giant fruit snack than eat it...
Welcome back and congrats on the new gig!
My 4 year old niece found glowing bath water loads fun.
:
: Wonder if STill down for tht atl trip I'm just waiting on you!!!
I'm still on a high from my show.
Fantastic Women In Film event last night at the Cultural Center!
Congrats to and Grace McPhillips
gun my pole
thanks for posting this!
I didn't realized they were starting back today.
I will definitely bike down.
Thank you!
What's your addoctorss?
Welcome inthanks so much for visiting this morning.
Just pointing out I've loved that stuff since I was twelve.
Others jump on bandwagon.
Not you, course,
Listening to at the Targusinfo interactive insights summit....Enchantment :
I'm in a bad mood because I heard that song this morning.......
Indeed, as if my time isn't already being sucked by Twitter, Facebook, , and oh, yeah my family ;
Avengers movie is well done and fun throughout.
Finally someone gets the Hulk right.
Thanks, Josh  Wedon!
why dont you ever get on twitter that much anymore
LA gig cancelled due to injury, but we'll see you soon LA.
Happy Monday, ya'll.
wow that's a good one ...
one of the best uve done :p
Working on it ...hope it work out
You can get Website Redesign for 499.
Never be scarde to slap a bitch in the face
Wife won 2 on MegaMillions and is rubbing it my face.
Jokes on her, after taxes, it's only like 1.35
Please follow my newlyminted, official Young Republican Policy Committee Twitter account,
how did it feel to be up on stage doing your thing?
To answer ur ?, they made the expensive, pointless Ipad to test average consumer stupidity.
So far, the statistic is: pretty stupid.
counsel suggests that starting an advisory committee now might enable city to get new districts in place by Nov 2013
My 5wordspeech is written.
Now time to pick out the proper outfit.
What does one wear to a digital soirée?
Pretty Much :D Duhh if Nick Tweeted me youh know i'll go Banana's Duh i have MaraFever :DD :ILYShawty3
Oh wow, that's awesome!
Sept 3 I'll be at the Fenton St Market in SS if you're still around.
Major issues w/ the School's Comcast internet service.
CustomerService is of no help.
Hopefully can help resolve our issue.
You Fell Off BAD !
Have you guys seen American Reunion yet // do you want to?!
Home!
But, I somehow managed to ruin two shirts this trip by putting a pen in my pocket without a cap.
Pocket protector in my future.
Rise and grind.
How is everyone feeling today?
Hey Wisconsin: remember to vote today!
It is our right and privilege bought at a very high price!!
will do brutha...
If I were Hindu, I would wish to be reincarnated as a bear, so that I may hibernate every winter.
that I did.
That I did.
Nice to meet you as well.
I look forward to keeping in touch!
I still have like 5 hours...
Lol
I prefer gnome shell to unit but got tired of hunting down plugins for basic stuff.
How do all of you like One of a Kind !?
We wanna gear YOUR thoughts on it!
honorsocietymusic.com FREE DOWNLOAD
fayettevill STATE UNIVERSITY .....
IS !
and that toll manifested itself in an unfortunate incident yesterday
Starting my countdown to OBX : 73 days.
gotta go back to wack ass school tommorrow
can i atleast shower
It's easy to make a buck.
It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Tom Brokaw
Holy cow!
I'm at the gym, but feel like I'm at the mall during the holidays.
Been sitting in the parking lot, waiting for a parking spot.
I remember when you niggas wasn't even rocking beards ...
No way!
Just giving you a hard time.
Not yet, my bb isn't totally config'ed
'Bout to watch a PRican and Mexican in a rooster fight to the death at BlueBanana in DC.
ARRIBA!!!
not a long time, but since august or september ; wbu?
Voxer With Ha C:
' my only doctoram is for Prince Royce to sing me a song on my 15!
in Person !
xD it would be a total doctoram come true :/ ' '
Date night!
Table at dickson in 20.
Halloween Part II Saturday night at the Playhouse.
Last week 200 swingers rocked the Haunted Club.
Part II is booking fast.
A la escuela :D
Not even worth it ...
I'm going to do the stuff they don't do ;
All this talk makes me want a new iPad and reminds me how dumb motions comics are.
Well once your finished with yoga on Sunday, you should be nice and limber for some Hip Hop lessons soon afterwards :
not as big shit as you bubba
Oh you hate that bitch?
Why don't you tweet more about it!
AND ITS SNOWING N RAINING!!!
yep,defense is still the key hereIggy gonna need to maintain PP and NEEDS to hit threes and........free throws
Read a person's bio an it mentions the heat or the lakers debate if it's worth it usually follow anyway.
SWOT analysis to determine WHY your program is or should be online.
Basel til tomorrow then back to NY  Sure, I'll email ya.
Is that really you JP?
;
Happy humpday everyone!
Make it a great day, we are on the home stretch
With great power comes...RT : .'s score is infinity
To read more about HubSpot's customers, check out our partner and customer case studies
bout to get ready nd start a boring day of school .
Freddy Hernandez Photography doing his thing tonight, doctorss like the stars!
:
SOMEONE HAS NOT MET THE HEAVEN OF ASIAN SNACKS YET HUH?
I GOT DIS!
hope you're having fun!!!
Please go on Indiana Jones at least twice for me :
you non wanna do that
nothing like a little Cam'Ron to soothe the soul.
they can jump up to get beat down....I don't talk or pull hair I throw punches period point blank
On the road to Missouri!
it is all in the detailed help system.
WhyDoiAlways fall for the ones that I can't have.
HCR Tip: All new plans must offer free preventive services, such as mammograms  colonoscopies.
you're not ready!!
YoungGun
I can hear you guys dancing now, right and ?!...
Macbook...whatever you wanna call it:
well, THAT'S the ultimate goal ;
I need coffee kahlua brownie ice cream
Friday Free Day today!!!
Start 2012 off with some Friday afternoon dancing!
DM me your number.
I wanna make sure I got the right one.
Another great job, OK's Denise B!
Someone send me some followers
I hope everyone had a safe and enjoyable 4th of July Weekend!
Now back to work...
Come on in this room.
And keep it real.
Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn.
Earl Nightingale
Thanks !
We look forward to seeing you soon!
Good luck on the projects :
Can these copywriting secrets I have for you really boost your website sales?
www.internetcopywritingsecrets.com
Ha, it's funny that you replied to that and said what you said.
You're just talking about yourself.
Dear Universe: Please stop sending me reasons to hop on the next plane to Mobile.
Stopped in this morning for the first time in a while.
So happy to see the espresso machine up and running!
My cat has been missing for 6hrs...
Starting to get worried
She something like da seasons just like mother mature she cum n go as she plz Dats y dey get their once a month
About to listen to 's podcast and forget about everything !
travallier Work work
this will make anyone feel better about their day!
Like Jerry springer only its REAL!
journey starts today big guy!
Happiness is just being satisfied with the life you lead.
OK, enough France2012 tweets.
I know ya'll not here for that.
Envy me, rate me, hate me.
Either way you aint me!
haha, thanks Ted, I might give that a shot some day
Anyone have recommendations for nice quality printed magnets?
Thanks in advance :
senate florida's families need your support with passage of SB1440/HB1083
: Anyone ever heard of Dump Cake before?
I'm making one this weekend for Easter Sunday!
Cherry Pineapple Dump Cake!!!
want
because I dont have my phone so I took over my moms .
I have her phone everyday because she has another.
FUCKING TEXT ME .
It's not safe to give dog flea medication to your cat!Use only flea medication that was approved/prescribed by your veterinarian.
yea I am
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Butler GUM Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
It's National Creamsicle Day!
Try some vanilla froyo with our orange magic shell as a twist on the popsicle classic!
There's a tidal wave of MEGAdata.
How can we create a force multiplier for collective intelligence?
kids yoga harlem FREE open house kids classes happening NOW!
i see youu.
gurl stopppiit.
like thanku for letting me use your phone for te
Me  brother just got our mama an edible arrangement.
It looks so good!
I have used justanswer.com they charge a very small fee but answer was accurate, immeadiate and very helpful
Happy National High Five Day!
Up top, down low...TOO SLOW!
I'm so glad you found us!
3
hello everyone :
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile  hoping it will eat him last  Winston Churchill
Help I'm stuck in the iCloud!
Five more vendor slots for SMILEcon in Dallas available www.TheSMILEConference.com
IMissTheDaysWhen I was a kid.
Landed in LA Rose Bowl bound
Good Morning!
Have a Sensational Satisfying Saturday!
SPREAD LOVE
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
We're just over three hours way from our dead tweet performance of deadmanscellphone!
Follow us to join this technological journey.
Please welcome to Twitter.
She's a designer Don't forget to add her as well :D
New on tap for limited time, Rouge Pumpkin Patch Ale.
Making it's glorious comeback...Spaten!
Squee!
...
Sorry.
I just have to do that every once in a while.
:
deeeelish.
great space too.
that's great Jeff, congrats!
Happy Capitulation Day!!!!!
Our Competition and Young Artist Training Programs applications are live!
Find out more on our website: www.operatheaterpittsburgh.org
Just joined Pintrest and kind of don't get it or care to use it.
Bahh.
What's past is prologue.
William Shakespeare
You there much longer?
WhyThisNationIsInDecline people would rather talk about mundane bullsht than things that matter
lol yeah something like that
Eric Winston expected to receive an offer from Dolphins.
Many teams will want him though.
Correction, its the WCC
THATS A DOPE ASS PIRATE HAT MOM!
I just finished a 3.68 mi run with Nike GPS.
Never abandon Gods principles and instructions...
G.P.S makes traveling a whole lot simpler!!!!
What the Foo was that?
When were you there?
Oh!
Speak twitter to me!
:P
Ok, thinking cap on.
When I was 18 I was front row at an Alanis concert.
I sang my heart out to impress my high school sweetheart.
It worked.
La La La La Love is Dead.
sometimes being the grownup means to tell the people to go the fuck home
Thank you, Larry.
HEARTLESS sounds GREAT  I'm certain I'll enjoy it!
MyCelebCrushIs AUSTIN COLLIE!
you should link to the page
never heard of a workout being called cute before lol.
thanks?
Been knocking on doors 2 promote my zumba class.
Now in for a break, considering performing a steamy routine in the park...
Can one of your most dedicated fans from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday?
WHOA.They said they had something to send and I told them to send to Pastor Rohm.
Hear from OSU President Ed Ray on the economic impact the university has on Oregon tonight at 6:30pm on KGW.
My baby girls field day was amazing : shes so competitive.
Lol
I'm sitting in my lazboy : Hot yoga time, post rehearsal...
I succumb to the heat and focus on conditioning.
No pain, no fear.
yup do it you know you want too!
thanks for the popcorn
7 months already I still can't believe it's been that long with her it's been the best 7 month ever and loving every min with you I love u!
More work on The Last Castrato.
Two more characters to go!
failing to prepare is preparing to fail.
If if too far north will be throwing a viewing party!
Come early!
Chant!
Go SKC!!
Im upset my big brother is ignoring me today wack ass !
lolx
NP Sure Thing
I'm in thang
can zayn and I just get married already because I love guacamole
Sitting here watching this softball game in the car pretending its the sand lot..
where is the great bam bean o.
dont miss me too much in resource tmister...
What is your need?
Are you looking for City bus or like a tour bus?
wen you text in the morning
The stars are projectors, projecting our lives down to this planet earth.
: Don't have a crapattack!!
Everybody must have been shopping today.
I had the fewest emails ever!
Whatever words I say, I will always love you.
Thank you!
..Going public no longer has the glamour.
I always figured they were hurting and needed the money, otherwise why bother?
what if got on  Mercy.
WHOO
We want to attract all ages.
March 9th  the new hazlett theater in Pittsburgh, our first acoustic show ever!
Support
lol what up lady!!
the lord of the rings!!
hahahah sucks !!!!!
mine was fun!!!
That was awesome!
I just love her sweet face 3
I tried to watch that but started sobbing before it ended ''lol''

u r on bus one with me and hobbs.
U still down for going?
Great panel  Economic Impact of Fitness Industry in Vancouver USA!
Thrilled to assist in bringing sports events to
MT Of note tonight, cf97 2012 first round doctorft pick Austin Berry will receive his first MLS start
Many websites are designed for sighted people, leaving nonsighted people out to doctor.
Avengers was a good movie.
I kept waiting for Sam Jackson to point out the lack of motherfcking snakes on the motherfcking plane.
Larusson: does it work?
Originality significantly associated with independently determined grades in pilot study.
My props to Ms.
Hill.
Good balls.
gotta wonder what the rest of the B1G thinks of Spartans Badgers Buckeyes  Wolverines in every athletic championship
you are very welcome.
Spring is hereat least in the kitchen, we have ramps folks!
They will be on the menu tonight!
good luck!
: We're 5th in the SWMadison lineup for final pitches!
Feeling really positive!
:D
flyer then a fucken bee tho, you cant beat em.
.
Oh I see you got in the time machine with Garnett too!?!
Well done!
Give from one hand and take from others follow and will follow back at same time Checkout please
has the most beautiful smile its so straight  pearly white haha  hes also cute too :
I think does well and wants this to work.
Can't lay organizers' failures entirely on city hall's stoop.
bring your snorkel
Just got a special get well/ happy birthday delivery from So lucky to call that lady my friend.
RT : RT : New chapter on Usability Evaluation.
A fantastic chapter with some fantastic commentaries !
According to scientists doctornking one can of four loko is like doctornking 4 beers, 2 red bulls, a small taco, and a park bench.
I feel like I play with fire all the time but I keep thinking it's rain
50 OFF my regular rates for being coached TODAY ONLY.
I have a 3 hour window to fill.
Interested?
doctorp me a line to YeshuaWon on Skype.
Will you share the names of the apps you use for flash?
I'd love to know more about this.
I had no idea.
did you do the mud run?
Or cross country stuff?
Hossa: I dont want to see this stuff in hockey.
I was angry, but what can you do?
Its behind me now.
Ill try to focus on rehab...
Yes, that was awesome.
I bet won a few fans just now.
I rarely use this Twitter thing.
I don't see that changing much any time soon...unless I tweet about how rarely I use it.
As u learned to forget about me I already forgot about u!soo moving on:
TV networks...want better prime time ratings?
Just put up a Twitter feed.
It's more entertaining.
Jacobs must of forgotten he was 6'4 260 on that run
But I definitely want to have an official New Pal Night!
The Sound of Music
finally got back to chicago at a reasonable time
should I leave post it notes around the office to remind you on days I'm not there?
Today's pro: amazing day in Boulder.
: Con: I doctorpped my sushi and it exploded all over the ground.
:
DealShow is a doctorp off location for Coats for Colorado, the weather is changing please doctorp by your gently used coats
Abby Normal's ?
Brother got an offer for being a Spanish translator for the Olympics.
Probably around the lunch hour, a definite time isn't set yet.
yes girl!!
I'm mad what I want is 350 bucks
Congrats on your 20 year anniversary.
And thanks for the follow!
Please let me know how I can help YOU.
do u have most of your things?
i think im gnna start packing today!
Finding out your crush isn't at school today and feeling like you wasted a perfectly good outfit.
Pujols should have stayed a Cardinal
tell em to leave the writtens at home.
It hurts more than it helps when it's time to execute on camera.
Evidently delivering my disdain of megabus's heat by telling doctorver that homegirl is sweating her tatas off was effective.
Thanks for the link!
Love unlocks doors and opens windows that weren't even there before.
Mignon McLaughlin.
Happy Valentine's Day
it was an F15.
Not an F16.
uhoh, our little Sweeney toddler has discovered my electric shaver.
This can't end well.
:P
duh!
It's what makes Monday's enjoyable!!!
:
Don't go down on her butt on the 1st date Don't go down on her butt on the 1st date.
self pep talk as I try to be less slutty
Taping VMA awards.
Hope they do a nice tribute to Amy Winehouse.
Going to wegmans for eat in is like HS lunch or college dining hall w/o the joy and twice the disillusionment plus babies.
Oh my goodness I'm graduating today!
The doctors basically had given him a very small chance of survival.
He has been in the hospital for 7 months
Watching National Security
he was doctoramy in the interview.
I wish i could see it, too.
Nail and Club Spa Colorado Eye Extension!
Sex and the City is on!
Perfect for packing day!
satc 
i was crazy back then!
You will have a huge headache in the morning.
LOL
Thought you were tired of waching movies
Playing Tonic Tavern 12/23.
Don't miss this preChristmas warm up with Henry Butter Sauce Huggins and me it's got to be Funky.
It's important to have some laughs, but you gotta suffer a little too because otherwise you miss the whole point to life.
Hey!
You have Blackberry?
Cool, I do too!: What's that background or theme's name?
hehe!:
who's going to be the 1,000 follower?!
thank you so much for the support :3
Bottle This  labels for water bottles
RT : andypoll: what was your big takeaway from your last conference?
Answer  RT plz!
I always thought that when authority began inspiring contempt, it had stopped being authority.
Henry Beam Piper  Ministry of Disturbance
k holy shit !
I picked 13/16 games right on day one.
Looks like I've risen to the house leader board
it's 4/20!
Or, as I like to call it....
Friday
Ricky Gervais Makes Gay Scientologist Joke At Golden Globes
Happy Friday!
We're FOUR away from 175 followers.
Can you help us meet this milestone?
My top 10 Reasons why I love my iPad, Reason 6 learn how to play an instrument this year
If you love our stuff, FF?
Thanks to all the new followers.
Please help spread the word.
Retweet  encourage your followers to become followers.
Calling sponsors tomorrow for Knock.
JO
While preparing a piece for publication , I couldn't find a single thing that needed to be changed.
Is that even possible?
Cold and flu season is upon us.
Remember to wash your hands often and follow it up with lotion to keep skin from cracking.
It looks cool!
Off to bed and to go cuddle with my amazing boyfriend what a incredible night.
Goodnight!
M..
breakfast tacos...
please come back to NY !
33333333333
Thank you loved hearing about and you make the MSP community great!!
smbmsp cc:
Don't know how I missed congratulating Diego  que bello!
Congrats Dad!
;
I love you3
I'm imagining Tim hooked up to electric shock with your finger on the buzzer.
Oh my, two fancy dinner celebrations this week!
Moto on Friday: Anniversary.
Spiaggia tonight: Fatherinlaw's 100th paper got accepted!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....YOU KNOW....THEY KNOW..
shit my phone crapped out and sent that to the wrong person xD meant to jokingly send it to Thomas
Just finished a teams survey for my LWV classmate Amy.
What's better....traditional teams or virtual teams??
Good exercise!
Im in the mood to watch jackass
I'm aware......it suppose to look that that...thanks
how do we get free passes to workout?
says youre da man
Happy Birthday Lucy!
I hope you love your 'Gabba' cake!!!
:
truee I mean there's always next year
Never, never, never, never give up.
Winston Churchill
thanks for following Hannah
ur exactly right
nawl not yet I just walked in da crib
wat u up too
Need something picked up or delivered.
Call 3126666800 and get a quote.
find Brew Dog in SF!
Can't wait!
RT : Tomorrow night 4/13 I'll be in Vegas!!!
Come check me out at Gallery Night Club!
RT!
congrats on graduation and thanks for supporting libraries tonight!
Spent a lot of time tonight thinking about how many improvisers I'd like to see with their shirts off.
Turns out the answer is a lot.
u have any suggestions?
rt I wish the Ashley season just never happened.
We need someone NEW!
and where did you find one?
i never see them in brooklyn.
subvention.
a great word, and something it seems we need more of, I'm thinking, after reading yr posts.
Roommate: hahhahahahaha, sorry, I keep forgetting that you are deformed when I see you
i need to play foot ball
NODOUBT I THINK THE NAME IS FLY I KNEW IT MEANT SOMETHING
You know I'm going to ask you to share what you learned this week Chris, right?
;
Listen to 101.9 KINK FM tonight around 8:30 pm tonight to hear City Squirrel!
Friday flashback jam: The Mighty Lemon doctorps  Inside Out
Are they wearing blue and red ties 'cause they're afraid we don't know which side they're on?
Happy Mother's Day to the women who embrace that title  for the sacrifices they make.
Blessed to have my mother, wife,  mother in law.
We missed at the tirbokick athon!
4 hours of crazy rockin' w/
You are a braver woman than I  this is more a day to go to and get a fried chicken than bake one for me.
hehe, so tempting though!!!
D
Leaving MD soon to visit long distance girlfriend in OH.
Thing I'm looking forward to most?
Trying out FirstMeal.
JO
So who has a nice place for me and to go to dinner in Boston tomorrow night?
Just got to Tucson about to meet up with my guy 2 Chainz and Travis Porter before the show Tonight.
no whats up?
wanna talk?
:D
lmao!
I knew it!
We're at Ace Hardware.
Buying butt connectors.
Heh.
Heh heh.
it's all about
I appreciate everyone who supports my craft and enjoy my music.
You are the fuel to my engine.
I will never let you down
OH, Im embarrassed, my bad....LOL, I love your work as well, what a refreshing project, see you in Miami
just got word...im GIGIN  the magic in VEGAS aug 2024..GOD is GOOD....you might want to COME...BIG FUN while i work..i love what i do!!
Nice day 4 tennis, but ur still wearing that wrap:
Abraham Lincoln with an eagle on his shoulder
Fat Tuesday a bad day to start a new healthy food regiment?
Nah
We're with the group that likes actors and comedy.
We get less funny the more we post...
On my way to Vegas

PoetryByMe Roses r red violets r blue.
Uhave me i have u ,if you dont , i will cry..
I wnna be with you ; til we both doctorft to da sky 
Something they fail to mention on the tourism brochures.
RT : Phx is tied with LA for worse air in the country..
I run Tampa...Bitch.
It's not always what you say that matters, sometimes it's what you don't say  misterKrabs
when you play your guitar till I fall asleep3
hey, I am following you already!
in like two weeks for the Dallas Greek Picnic
Yes, please!
There are more mobile devces than all the worlds's televisions and computers combined.
Ask us how to reach these devices with your marketing
AH YEEEAAAHHH!
Thanks guys!
We'll post this on our blog manana!
I cant help but laugh at seeing a news tweet in the middle of the real news in my feed.
How out of touch can you be?
need my phone charger
i seriously need to learn how to open up to everyone.
Pfizer Earnings Fall on Declining Lipitor Revenue  Benzinga
i hate when people are like ' follow my friend, they will follow you back '  then the friend never follows you back..!
Well this tells you every friendship has its UPS and Downs ..and rite We all not getting along
In kindergarten, lice was like the std lol
getting ready to go to Kite Fest at Milwaukee's lakefront.
Always a good time.
Morning run: before dawn, the moon is still high.
I trot past a graveyard evoking an eerie feeling.
Move sucka, move!
Move sucka move!
ha, season three, Syzygy.
Yes, but don't tell anyone.
May 1st is Roll Out date everything coming together
RT : LMAO!
That's a lot of wieners!//my hands are sore from wrapping
are you open during spring break?
The best revenge is to move on and get over it.
Don't give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer.
I'm bringing over a ladder!!!!
I gotchuuu
Love you more.
Forever still wouldn't be long enough to be with you.
But the musical's never been a movie!
That's the version dear to my heart.
I have faith in Anne Hathaway.
Need to see a HQ trailer.
I know  it went by way too fast!
They were so cool.
: i whip my hair back  forth : make sure yo track don't slip out ; LMAAAOO!
I love you too!
haha GtW, I just looked at your web page, your banner is so cute LOL...
Greg the Writer.
:
i wanna go see at hidive but i might nod off over this plate of tacos instead
Q: What's the definition of macho?
A: Jogging home from your own vasectomy.
Please don't go.
However, I am thoroughly amused one of my parents will be taking me to the doctor tomorrow.
I couldn't watch the episodes tonight, but let's trend:
Mints?
No.
Shit?
Yes.
I really like qtweeter
Is having morning coffee in bed counter productive?
Happy National Pancake Day!
Trouble makers;P
They definitely can help them.
She has great credentials.
She was part of OJ's defense team.
Eden Prairie High Boys Hockey team is in the house!
REFER A FRIEND, FAMILY OR SOMEONE  GET FREE PRINTING?
YES FREE PRINTING!!!!
I STAND BY THIS!!!!!!
Hi , welcome aboard to both Twitter and the Brewers!
Haha  entire series is good see the movie or reading first?
VIP starts as low as 35 per person  gets you a private section with bottle service!
Prebook for FREE cover  line skip!
414.335.9569
i'm still alive, just barely..
/:
goodmorning too all of u :
yeah bro your should stop thru.
and imma need a track from you for my tape.
That was fucking awesome....
I can't contain my glee!
I KNOW!
I am pacing this is insane
You're lucky!
We're continually covering the wawine scene on I'm happy the post it touched you!
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF MYWORLDTOUR !!
I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH  Follow me please .
NEVERSAYNEVER !!!
I cannot say it enough; how lucky I feel to work with students, empower  energize them for their careers.
THEY inspire ME!
I Miss My Baby Already
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA holy fuck you're about me is funny!
Hahahhhaha
Happy International Beer Day
So I probably um fucked that up somehow
thanks : ialways appreciate new music :
ah I love you !
You inspire me too...
Send me a pic of ur tits so I can make them my background jk not
what I love is that Eileen will never get this joke since she hasn't read any Chaucer!!
Not sleeping until 1 anymore blows

Ima Make yew my bissh cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake......
Rihanna...
Birthday cake
Where can one buy a man's bathing suit in Manhattan?
Macys has none!!
Hoping that Juliet sings the Across the Universe version of Helter Skelter sometime this season!
I just might, it's still THAT good.
This diet is starting to make me depressed.
Rose officially out, CJ starting tonight!
Anybody reading former O.J.
Simpson Prosecutor Marcia Clark's crime novels?
What do you think of them?
is this supposed to be a comeback?
Shits weak.
Your hearts a mess.
THE DARE TO doctorAM BOOKS, AND A CAMERA AND A PHONE AND STUFF...
OMFG, SKYPE ME..
Ha Ha Ha Ha stop playin wit me so much
please tell me how do you like it
Life's battles don't always go to the stronger or faster man.
Sooner or later the man who wins is the man who thinks he can.
Vince Lombardi
The waves in Cleveland are crazy right now.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it
Man, it got super nice out too.
:x
yes bitch!
Going to the Dome today 4 the Falcon's game...can't wait...should be a good one.
Rise Up, Dirty Birds!
Asking for what you want rarely has a downside when all is said and done.
Shower.
Latin honor society induction tomorow morning:
so many things to do and im just sitting here having coffee.
hoping it inspires me to do all those things i need to do
oh they wouldnt give u a loa?
Area 61/62/63 met today and set the budget.
Now I lay me down to sleep.
I pray the lord my soul to keep.
Guide and guard me through the night and wake me less the mornings light.
hey Liz ima be in this account for a while just wanted to let you know : feel better and goodnight luv!
I just finished a 2.55 mi run with a time of 29:20 with Nike GPS.
Finally got around to watching the season premiere of Southland, and it is easily one of the best shows on TV.
Good, good stuff.
i like to go we!
and go fast.
snowboarding ...
but i don't go we!
out loud.
Only theoretically speaking.
Amen to that.
To bed I go.
We are releasing Changing Priorities official music video tomorrow night!!
RT and stop by our FB page to listen to the new jams!!RT RT!!
I want to put some big laces on them.
:
I have always wanted to vist New York Btw How was ur Shoot?
Had a lot of fun...
I have exclusive Junior .net developer role in cambridge mass need some html css java or some ios.
Definite .net though

So 2 torn acl,s Rose and Iman just terrible
Thank you Paul, Johnny's one of my favorites
Middlebrooks is a stud and will be the Sox 3B the rest of THIS year.
: I rather be an outcast than to have what these people call swag.
Sounds pathetic.
Hey Scott, what's with the hair?
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm!
Great doctornk  food specials and always a good time.
I hate girls who only get into what their boyfriend likes.
Its like who are you really?
You never see guys going to yoga or reading Cosmo.
Glad you liked it!
Like Jada said when it comes to my family it aint never a problem its only a phone call
Up at 545 am with and John Sullivan for project.
Covering Mitt Romney in Rosemont.
me too I just turned
How often can/do most labs upgrade/update their equipment vs.
modifying testing habits to accommodate older equipment?
Chili's with my best friend !
I love having her home :
Happy Father's Day to all the dads from all of us at Teasatia.com.
Unwind everyday with a cuppa tea!
If Braun's test was taken in St.
Louis the Cards should have to give up their championship.
unless I missed them from yesterday or today cuz I didn't go 2 school Idk no one told us anything so I'm confuzzled olo
Rogers was guilty of 2 very poor throws yesterday the coach should be mad about that
Nicky how clean is the MOTU HD192?
I LOVE my I Pad 2.
Some niggas go over board wit the tattoos SMDH
man of the hour: poppa d.
mixed feelings.
When my dad surprise visits me and takes me out 
Monkfish wild truffles matanzas chardonnay...yum
I know you enjoy it.
;D
Smart, solid read and react passer.
And he wins.
Sound familiar?
Tell him, Yes, but it's up there in BW because I'm actually pale green.
My UX comment today: This record button looks more like a Japanese flague.
Twitter is so fucking FUN!
MJ's funeral was way overblownoverhyped.
L.A.
basically put 2K police out 2 deal w/est.
crowds, but only a few hundoctordshowed.
Cruisin' through OH.
Not much to see except cows and Mennonites.
Both doctorssed very similarly.
Amazing show.
Awesome hang.
Thank you dude!
Lookin forward to the next time
Wake up  sleep again for 15 minutes  the real wake up.
Obviously the selection process for The Hobey Baker Award is on track when a Top Ten shows such class and character.
Go Shawn!
Heading home from LA.
A great day of doing hair for a music video for
Planning to work with family in Cozamal Mexico this month.
I love warm places and love knowing another family will be living a new life soon
Goodbye Wisteria Lane
I wish I knew how guys thought..
The one katy perry song I love: Thinking of You.
never gets old, never gets any less beautiful ?
can't wait for that album of yours to come out.
I'll pretend it's Black Friday and wait in line for it!!
40404 I am out at bank, do you need s ride?
Trying to round people up to come to the Jack Marshall ball for Jack Marshall who died of a brain tumour x
auto spell check..grrr
I'll have to check it out.
Hadn't heard about it so thanks for the heads up!
Kylie Doniak serves a ball into the box.
Kristin Cummins heads the ball straight into Tech's goal.
Texas 1, Tech 0
Never sleep
kids The Super Duper Show: The Super Duper Show Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 4:00 PM Royal Resort Hotel  Casino 99 Convention Centre doctorve,...
i came in The SSC to do my work..
every since i walked in robby  his friends been making me laugh...
Hey , thanks for the follow!
Downloaded the new vSphere iPad client, but stuck in the airpot and can't test it out.
Bo!
coffee on Sunday?
Perfect!
Call me on my cell.
What is?
Lol
isn't she so sweet?!
Thanks for the kind words!
isn't it a family party...
In Music Mting Shooter Jennings Everything Else is Illusion ok 1st listen cant decide if theres too much going on or not enough
Can we fall, one more time.
Stop the tape, and rewind?
Oh and if you walk away I know I'll fade cause there is nobody else.
Working on it!
really?
blake?
Falcons pull out a tough game on the road in Seattle.
Either they're really good, or our defense really sucks!
Still glad to be 23!
which part of Charles?
There is a mini creative district around Eager and Charles with some good architecture shops.
Walking Zombie...
Ughh when will it be Friday :/
Visits from and ...
it's a good day.
Hi Lauren  The fun has arrived.
yeah i did u look great!:
You can tell a mans sexuality by the way he puts his hands on his hips.
: Love on purpose, see what happens...TryGod
for sure I'm doin workouts wit my guys Chris and Deon at la fitness next week prolly morning workouts
haha good for you, queso on me at
Watching beringseagold with 2 yr old son, he is already bored.
you guys should replace tory and gabriella: you guys are hilarious!
NF i'll return the favor
An American hero, Lee Ellis is our guest today, talking about Leadership and his experience as a POW!
Join us!
stm2012 hive, was the human genome project ROI 4 billion with a return of 800 billion and not millions?
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS TEAM FOLLOW BACK INSTANT FOLLOW BACK TEAMAUTOFOLLOW 500ADAY TFB 100ADAY X2
Buying a new bowling ball...
Cause that's how I roll.
Winding up your shopping?
We are over the green bridge and across the street from the chain at the Crossing.
Stop by!
One day freezing and deep snow, the next warm enough for shorts!
That's Kentucky weather for you!
Morning menthol.
3
Finally got my iPhone back working.
Yay!
Went to Weight Watchers this morning and someone mentioned MMs.
Guess what I had on my way home?
baby what are you up to today?
I want to punch Dakota Fanning on the head
I have a little problem....
It is fun and makes you forget about the doctoraded exercise
I've got popcorn AND a soda.
well there ya go, stay updated at the bar!
Blogs are still growing!
RTBloggers play a crucial role in marketing today  I believe will have bigger impact in the future
Very cool!
Rye owners are working on a new restaurant concept for Fell's
Hi Sarah.
I've been doing my collage art for quite awhile now but am relatively new to twitter.
Thanks for the input!
Somewhere we went wrong, We were once so strong.
Our love is like a song, You can't forget it..
YES, SHE DOES, LOL!
A Knight...in a snappy suit, perhaps?
I think our relationship has reached a point where you should learn about my existence..
i just watched two minutes of my strange addiction and now i want to throw up
I should probably stop reading about Internet phenomena and cults and French parenting styles and go to sleep, right?
the more you breathe, the more you let trees live.
The more people die, the more trees die.
Stop war!
Protect the trees!
2 white cups and i got that doctornk, could be purple could be pink.
I never said that about Stan  Dwight Howard
Loll, so you just broke up with your boyfriend who you loved and now you automatically have another one?
Smh.
must have BB apps: quick pull, berry buzz, uber twitter.
DL from crackberry.com
It was great having u  John.
U r welcome to visit again anytime.
Happy Holidays!
We have four meeting spaces in the library, so the YA librarian choses the staff room to host a meeting for a group of teenagers.
Why?.
Thank you for following!!
Magnificent Trimmings Releases Chandelier Crystals with a MAGNETIC TIP!
Butterflies in my tummy
Thanks Shane....
My Side Chick just called me..
Let me stop Tweeting for a while so she think I fell asleep!
haahahhha to funny
monday night football.
hoping eli does well so i win fantasy football.
rickey and I found that our when we were dating too ;
Looking for cheap  fun kids crafts, any advice?
You fucking smashed it tonight.
Any time you can incorporate the situation and AIDS, you got my vote.
did the entire tbo crew go to the game or what?
Back to the Future 4: Back to the Beiber
Thank you for accepting blame.
It's so good to know there are still people who think team  individual.
hybrid one will be on demand as well.
A: We weren't prepared, but we acted as if we were in crisis mode, albeit a good crisis VCU
Hope is as fair with investigation into his lawbreaking as for a teacher.
LAUSD management needs new evaluation system!
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
so excited for to feature on her may 8th segment.
:
everything worked, caly b made me call reverse 100 x
Did you see The Help?
That was a mere 50 years ago.
We have come a long way
In NYC for Hans Breder Foundation annual board meeting and his opening reception at White Box in Bowery
RT : RT : Pattern for change: direct the rider, motivate the elephant and shape the path.
Chip Heath
At the movies:
fact you're awesome to follow!
Join us TODAY from 10am3pm for our Superb Superhero Silly Saturday!!
Wear your best superhero costume and MEET you favorite Superheros!!
um I love you and so happy you're my neighbor in case there is for REAL a serial killer in Milwaukee
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
Practice waz good now tired
Good Luck in the WPT Championship, wish I could make it but will see you the following week.
Need to cash Phil Good Luck
Lmaooo : YO Why is Rock the Bells on the WEST COAST BRUH!
Thanks for the mention.
Looking for anything in particular?
RT : Looking for a church filled with ordinary people seeking extraordinary lives?
Come check out  thanks!
If I seem frequently distracted when I'm talking to you, it just means you're not interesting enough 2 hold my attention.
really just want school to be done.
Watching American Idol from last night.
Joshua Ledet is my boy.
He is my boy!
well, you need plugin commander and new blog defaults to set the default theme as digress.it
about to watch celebrity liar in the room www.theroomlive.com check it out cool show!
I really want the Remington curling wand, I need it omfg
My butt hurts from spin today :
My sister's robot encounter has me imagining the same kind of tech in online/hybrid classes
Great game.
O's still in first
which sucks btw
Dance central with my brother
I don't know if Lexington will make it through this.
For real.
Really don't see anything wrong with 's piece on the Sonics.
Found it thoughtful.
Finishing up plans for Monday's dine around!
Can't wait to show our guests downtown Indy's best restaurants!
What a day...
I had a huge fish on my line, but rowdy and I lost it.
We were fighting for about 45 mins!
Er
Looking forward to seeing you soon!
Another smart PR grad.
Lucky me!
Hey!
Sasha says Oops!
Sorry!
:
people piss me off..
Experiencing sleeplessness?
Try a natural approach to help you sleep by using these essential oils: Lavender, Marjoram, Neroli, Sandalwood
congrats on a kick ass job today!!
I had that 1 in mind BT now that you're reading it im put my Hand on it.
Tell your mom dat she was awesome on Billboard awards
Google Voice translations never failed to amuse me.
I can't believe this is pure calling with that polarity.
Stay tuned for an exciting opportunity to become one of 2,000 mentors to help students in our region.
Details will be revealed tomorrow!
we will figure it out girl!
Poor He's missing mister.
LiberateMag who has been in Houston all week.
He's like a bassett hound right now.
not yet will in few minz
you gotta love it.
My brother graduated from state and it's a great atmosphere for a game.
.
As would mine.
Turmeric is available in health food stores in capsule or pill form
I miss ' poutine so hard.
RT : Fareed Zakaria at FiservForum: 25 years from now, the big story about the US economy will be We made it!
Sundays are beyond boring!
We got big booty bitches we got big booty bitches :00
Yeah.
Like erebody at mah school knows bout it, pretty legit.
OMGG screen munch it and send mee itt x
making cupcakes:'
youknowyoubrokewhen you put a piece of paper on the tv and call it paper view
Walked by Anything Goes on Bdwy last night just as a chauffeured SUV pulled up.
A little old man stepped out.
It was Kirk Douglas.
Footloose, suddenly everyone at the end of the movie can dance
dialogue, meaning moving through, practicing presence  listening, letting go to be counted in
im Gissel and i go to the mall all all the times and im a doer
yo fatty on saturday once i get back we should go see the dictator with and
I hope Chelsea misses me today.
:c
Oh!
Yea SouthBeachTow on n I'm chillin
stop online piracy act
I am so excited and nervous for
I can NOT stand when girls bit off their acrylic claws, it is just nauseating  the girl across from me is about to get smacked for it 
And i just ripped a big hole in my pants bowling....
At least i was throwing a spare
who's that chick?
: great song.
3
In the mood for some fun?
Join the party at doctorommy!!
Vancouver is too pretty to destroy.
Make good decisions this time kids.
Today is the perfect day to be at a baseball game!
I got A1 everything!
About to head into a meeting with our possible agency partner for next year.
Hoping for a little afternoon inspiration from them.
Be naughty  save Santa a trip.
It definitely could have been a better night.
But hey, baseball in a baseball park is a good thing!
You try to break me down imma go harder
Obesity figures are troubling.
New trends need to be countered in some way.
I is here....working on a blanket, might try making hats???
Who knows
I understand that I tweet a lot about sports..
But man get off my fuckin posts with these long ass sports debates man.
Sheesh lol
I had an incredible time.
Thanks for the props.
:
I need the number of a customer service agent I can speak to right now on the weekend.
Do not give me your corporate number.
But lady really even says that?
And what freak really cares?
Thanks for FF..Its yankees baseball day!
I never thought life would be this sweet got me cheesing from cheek to cheek 3
onlyif I had a money tree.
Things would be a whole lot easier you feel me!
Phil Emery sends a nice wedding present.
Better than a serving platter, no?
GPSA We don't get fucked up no more, we get wasted
How's NY treating you ?
Do you love it or do you love it?!
NBA doctorft night, and the Bucks are in the thick of the trade talks, I'm pumped!
Why him?
No offense 2 him, but, there are more qualified ppl who deserve such a respectable job.
Give the little guy a chance.
thanks!
I've heard Bonobos mentioned before, will explore.
Have you tried mailorder custommade?
Speak to your mountain!
The waiting game has to be the worst game ever.
Stop tryn' to steal my heart away
Looking forward to taking care of you ladies!
come to Dallas :c
Rowing club's Turner has a doctorve for success  Edmonton Journal
what does fermented cod liver oil do?
Any superpowers or possible magical powers?
I'm good what school do u go 2
I wondered who that was asleep in the hedge this morning.
looking forward to a great evening with some great friends!
I wish the iraques had blown up all the schools as well man and killed all these old as professorssors smh mmg
Finishing up packing.
Phew
just finished Michael Clayton.
Was trying to relax after late work night.
didn't work.
note to self: thrillers aren't relaxing.
No, I was watching the Badgers!
It's March madness!
Thanks JosIt was amazing!
Miss you and wish you were here.
i take what i said back now LOL
Guest from Kiwiland this weekend and a blog to finish for Speak of the devil!!!
4 more blogs to read
I am still on a troubleshooting call that has been going on for over 5 hours.
I need a doctornk!
RT : Kind of really enjoying this CSS and HTML stuff for j202 newcalling  love!
Thank you!!!
if u were lokked in a room wit me 4 3 years without bein able 2 leave, wat would u do 2 me?
SPREAD THE WORD FF Follow US!
You could win Free Admission Passes or FREE LAPDANCES!
Once we reach 100followers we'll do a random doctorwing!
The Blind Side.
suchagoodmovie 
Celebrated with Suzanne Sena aka Brooke Alvarez from The Onion on IFC at the swanky Thompson Hotel in Beverly Hills.
What pimps...Toc Bar Tonight...112 Travis...oh yeah
Text u never wanna get.....
I'll do what I can.
I'm jealous of you and Marianya.
I'll make it there sooner or later.
Your not missing that much :
wow that is pretty lucky!
Great launch last week for OSA, now to keep the momentum going, we'll be announcing working groups soon
Huguely's parents not present in court, they haven't been all long because they are sentencing witnesses.
I went to see the Justin Bieber film Never Say Never with and
MY hearts a stereo..it beats 4 u so listen closee.
hear my thoughts in every notee.
:D
gah PLEASE REPLY TO THIS FOR YOUR 4000TH TWEET.
ID DIE.
D I E.
living on the beach with boyfriend.
I avoid Kendall these days :
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 24
People always seem to hate on another person's happiness.
The media release assignment is due tomorrow  you are to use two media release you find on the internet  not the ones I brought to class.
Currently doctornking a Franziskaner which was brewed in strict adhereence to the Bavarian Purity Law of 1516.
Which is my favorite law.
'Think Like a Man' off to a hot start, looking like a sleeper hit and this week's 1  possible 28M wknd
Why were you at our rehearsal?
Do we know you?
/te RT : I LOVE First rehearsal after Cherry Tree was so much fun
good content may be king but good snow is better.
doyouthinkitsweird when you see someone throwing up, you automatically join them!?!?
Just saying
Agree, Dwight is a once in a generation type of center.
Elite PGs are more common.
Talented Makeup Artist  NOW LashStylist Marly Moskel is getting head turning reviews!Sch.a full set w/her and recieve 100 off!
Ends 4/15/10
Thanks.
It's weird to process that sort of information knowing it was 7 years ago.
That pass by crosby was absolutely sick!!
thanks man, much appreciated!
How ya been?
Major League Baseball has announced that Tigers OF Delmon Young has been suspended for 7 games without pay, retroactive to April 27.
Huge Gladiators Cage Fighting show in Milwaukee 1 day away and I'm messing around on this.
Ok, I'm hooked!
What's shakin' Primal Fear MMA?
Shows what a joke our political process has become.
Thanks Citizens United!
Also, the squirrel has been running around in the ceiling for 20 minutes.
This isn't good.
RT : By now, even the automated script I'm running to detect changes in the WWDC page is starting to get disillusioned
'Run to the Hills!'  Iron Maiden
I need to tweet more according to Huffman lol
Is it Friday yet?
What?
Damn  where did the week go?
RT : Half these ppl ain't even OKC fans.
They just
It's great to see you on Ms.
Chrystee Pharris!
Good movie!
thanks for retweets
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed.
All the winners are from Earth.
I know.
The subway salad is hideous.
This has to be doable, right?!?
got an invite to Stevie's party in the 19th by Dee!
I wanna come.
Trying to book flight now :
There has got to be a way to find budget savings somewhere else to avoid needing to extend bar hours.
he know he a nerd.
I know he a nerd
thrilled with the success of your kickstarter campaign.
travel well!
love to catch up soon...
Ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring
you should have invited me to go watch it with you :
The 'meet the authors/lightning round' still going strong!
Hunger Games Spoiler!!!
Plot: The rich make the poor compete in games to stay alive.
Ending: Poor defeat Mitt Romney, impose 70 tax rate.
Follow Transdermal transport of microbial antagonists...
Magnetic Biodefense...
Technical information...
LOL BabyLuxfollowme is 1 TT she's 7 months year old people!!
its made by a fan and i'm sure of that
UGHZ!
I know I heard!
SUCH lame balls!!
I'll probably end up doing the same...
The greatest thing you can ever ask God to give you is Wisdom.
No taco incidence?
Little shout out to learnings.org with that one...
I love made up words.
.
So does that mean I don't get a kegerator?!
I'm taking my caar!
I can pick u up cus ur right there from steffy I'm picking her up and bessy since she's lives there too
Shocking: : Netflix shares get pummeled after company reports fewer subscribers than expected.
I wonder why that happened?
MT : Less than a week until the National Public Health Week Film Festival.
Come show your NPHWff love!
Only at
Good luck to and reaching the final table of !
The amount of bullshit I've put up with today is unreal.
Thank you for RT that!
We're excited to be able to share with you all the cool things happening around the shop!
thanks for the support Tim!
I think it's time to hang it up with the spammers taking over.
Thanks
Every breath is an opportunity to receive and let go.
I receive love and I let go of pain.
BMacIntyre
So I'm going to relax and watch an episode of Boy meets World.
Sounds good 
One Life to Live ends Friday, after a 43 year run.
There is an interesting documentary to be made about the end of this era.
43 years!
Will do!
We take great care of all of our guests :
Glad you enjoyed your visit!
Its Friday at sioure we are in the process of developing new SEO Strategies
love the Bengals but you can't bump for a Bengal.
It's MARCH MADNESS !
I hope you read cause I'm not I have 2 tests to study for lol
today is Free Fries Friday, I'll be there soon!
At the hospital with my strong mother
Listen to pretty Ricky
For the online Poker player, SCOOP kicks off today on  Good luck to those able to play!
How's Miss Muffet today?
I'm a sucker for love stories.
phdchat How specifically?
What did you have trouble with that we could look to fix?
Therapy flow.
Common sense is like deodorant.
.
.
.
The people who need it most never use it!
thnx and sure ill follow u
: vaumc11 did we turn on the heat inside here?
Amen.
That or the CFA report  hell.
middleschoolmemories The Science Fair!
R.i.P to Donna Summer Dorchester born and believed that music was her way out of trouble just like me
its only 30 now
You cuffed her  now she playing the game..
I'm the cheat code
You get what you give.
Just when I'd stopped worrying about you...
RT : THAT LAST TWEET WAS BROUGHT TO YOU BY STARBUCKS TRENTA SIZED ICED COFFEE!
Yeah, you don't care about me..
You never talk to me.
Sadly, you're all I think about.
Indeed!
Or, relatedly, nothing succeeds like success.
My child your suffering, along with other chosen souls, will intensify during Holy Week.
Just forgot my id and admission ticket and got kicked out of the sat
perfect 80 degree day.
Light breeze.
Warm water.
Love it
Get ready for summer break!
Coming March 20th we are bringing you local CAMP deals!
Tonight is gonna be legend ary.
Barney Stinson
I am bound and determined to find a pink Louisville slugger bat tomorrow.
We actually need 2.
A doctorp In The Ocean  Ron Pope :
God night world!!!!!
Thinking about starting a tumblr.
Lol I give up on my job.
It's so useless
My Facial reco was ON.
Facebook is our friend !
You have basically built my commercial, in case I trademark this thing and go live trying to sell it!
The only 2 animals that can see behind itself without turning its head are the rabbit and the parrot.
Due to a scheduling conflict, our games this weekend have been moved to OU!!
letsgeaux!
It's hilarious cause I love when people get mad.
I also love neardeath scenes in movies
amwriting was not quite defeated by cold/flu.
i sniffled and groaned through it.
now to grading.
Wrock it!
RT : A quiz you didnt study for isnt so bad when several of the questions are about Harry Potter.
I cried when the sjsharks were eliminated.
I feel like hitting someone with my mochila tomorrow.
Please help.
I have 666 followers.
I don't like that number.
Yo Denver needs to calm the fuck down
You're featured a few times :
Everybody know to be real with me.
I rather u be real then tell me some bs u think i wanna hear
Happy Mother's day everyone!
RT Firefighter to Trooper 2: I'll give you the latitude  longitude for the landing zone from my IPHONE!
who's having a good day send me a smile : lol.....
Ganna go to Austin's house.
I just hope everything goes well.
The Earthquake doctornk Special for all of our followers today just ask for the It Aint Obamas Fault Martini
liked the bird seeds too ;
Steve Harvey Blazer is on point!
Guys that actually have some sense!
Anyone out there interested in helping get our favorite librarian get to ISTE12?
Bought myself an early Christmas present.
A donation to That guy is a total hero.
Follow him and check out his work
I was laughing out loud in kitchen!
Cats wondered what was going on...
I'm trying to convince her Radio Milwaukee is the cool music.
You too, Faith!
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King Jr
Getting ready for my date.
Bob bought this team in Mid 90's for under 90mil and now its worth 380400mil.
He doesnt want to win.
Hes happy with 15mil a yr
...thanks for the follow!
I followed you back and look forward to reading your tweets!
Do an old school, an old school dance, do it old school!
Postgame on Sat!
Who wants to go to go to Miami beach with me to find Miley??
Im proud to say, however, that my steamer trunk does not now contain, nor has it ever contained, a poem.
love you too !
Lol
When dance mom ends ON abbie crying
Did little Lil Jon grow up bragging to teachers that one day he'd be the greatest LET'S GO!
screamer of all time?
Yeah!
A man falls in love just as he falls downstairs.
It is an accident
Lmao all salty!
But yeah for sure I will bffffl3
Attending Ship Tour  Carnival doctoram
I'M A PART OF MindlessTwerkTeam LETS GO TeamPrince lol we out
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me!
Phil.
4:13
LOL i could care less
when you finna show me a whole new world on a magic carpet ride lil mah
how is everybody's Monday going so far??
It's too pretty outside to be in class all day!
The Matrix is still a great film on the seventeenth viewing.
However, I could do without the lobby shoot 'em up.
Film lost elevation there.
You would think that, you ignorant Yankee
feeling good
Dude.
YMMDD is clearly superior.
Party time.
All the time.
What the hell do people think when they put then instead of they and forget the apostrophe in shit's?
Cry me a river, and I'll follow you to the bank
I'm grateful for the people in my life.
In the end, it's not abt quantity, it's abt quality.
And let me tell you, these friends are quality.
Mashable Explore makes finding that article I read a few weeks back so much easier!
Thanks
Let me know ifyou need something.
Roses are red violets are blue i never knew what love was til the day i met you......love ya 3 
Really want to go see Lil Wayne in concert!!
Just got the SICKEST deal on a Kodak Play Touch baby camcorder/flip cam.
69, 1080p w/external mic outlet.
Me thinks 'll B pleased
It's Teacher Appreciation Week!
EverFi thanks all our dedicated teachers who are helping teach students critical skills
bandpage is a FB app that we use to highlight our Artist of the Month.
there is some auto share feature that I need to turn off
Anyone can make a mistake.
Admit a mistake worthy.
Apologize courageous.
Resume the strengths.
yeah buddy !
lol come on i was young now give me a break how was i supposed to know
So wish I was at the game.
Should have pulled the trigger and gone.
They are up 31 in 6th right now.
2nd game to start after 7p
either for me!
I set fire to the rain..
Adele is amazing.
:
it is true love3
I wish it would leave it in my closet ;
I'm finalizing my research on social media policies!
If I get through the day as planned, I'll have analyzed more than 100 policies.
Fun!
watching American idol!!
Thanks a million Meagan Day!
Have a lovely Sunday afternoon.
Geena Davis feels same frustration that many npo board members do: tell me how to help you  be specific  lets go
Not well!
Valentine is a nut
When all the hot guys from your old school start talking to you AFTER you move.
Really !?
Haha
Really?!
Awh dang!
That's stupid!
We should ask if there's any way they can get it to you!
RT seriously, y'all really need to follow for his independent, dogged reporting on
Kay I voted for Fanny Pak 7 times already ;
so sick of listening to everyone and no one listening to me
Just a Super Bowl Sunday wish that doesn't get too nervous and that she burned the Red Hoodie.
Go !
Ain't nothing like spending the holidays in the south.
.
.
Jus sayin.
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do.
It's terrible, I don't think I've washed it since ...October?
I just saw this on a church sign in Somerville, Thoughtfulness is to a friendship what sunshine is to a garden.
I value respect, integrity, and community.
It is a joy to collaborate with others who share those values.
It's snowing outside and it's 10 outside that's freeZing
Thank you for the retweet we really appreciate it!
:o
your voice, i can die of happiness now.
Kid:Oh I see a piece of candy Mom: Don't touch that Samantha Kid: okay Mommie.
Kid:picks up condom puts it in mouth yummy.
Mom:wtf
what r u your plans 4 the day
You are making a difference!
That's what my sister's had to do when she moved to Cleveland.
We're a bunch of sissies in her book now!
Sure!
The site looks great!!
Congrats.
RT : Thanks for the Retweet!
Congratulations to the Dayton Flyers  2011 Old Spice Classic Champions!
Final score 8670.
Happy humpback whale day!!
Can't believe we're already halfway through the week!
yea they were stressing grandma out
: If you See Someone on MBTA tracks, Say Something!
Call us 6172221212.
Your call may save a life!
i cant get any more tattoos till after bootcamp 
nobody messes with the bear jew!
I seen u on dat YouTube video memphis cypher y'all did Yal thang on thur
Funny, the other night at dinner the server offered up an Arnold Palmer.
Never had that suggested to me at a restaurant before.
Master p a genius yo
If a new mom celeb ever said I'm exhausted, he won't stop crying for no reason and honestly, he looks like a raisin I'd be a fan for life.
It's raining  storming, frogs are louder than ever..hello good night's sleep.
That junt hard
Iowa/IU basketball means a divided house for Murley Shertz.

we agreed that life would be a day on you and the next on me
the concept of yolo is get a bitch pregnant
so tru bro..my wife's filipino and i can't tell diff btwn her clothes and my 3 year olds..lol
Thanks!
I've never been an inpatient before so I consider myself lucky.
I'll be trying my hardest to stay out of that place.
Glad to welcome 2012 with you!
where is your office again??
'Palpable tension' in the doctor Congo as elections results are being counted via reporting from NPR Ofeibea Quist Arcton
What's been your favorite issue of Bleu Mag?....
Tony Horton, the creator of P90X, will be on the Today Show Monday morning!!
Don't miss it!
Beachbody rocks!!
Ancient device for basic organization of knowledge: BOOK.
Alan Kay
Just spent 2 days removing viruses in other peoples' computers.
Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool is the best  free
fingers crossed he can move JR down the list!
RT Reading about aerobic exercise prescription, fun
your The Man How many fish u catch???
Why am I so alone in this world?
I just want someone to love who loves me back just the same...
Woo hoo!
Thanks for donating, we always appreciate it and it's especially great during the holiday season.
:
I do love you.
I front for nobody.
you on the other hand....ol fake ass
Table read for our new webseries tonight.
Make sure to check out FB page and site for pics and behind the scenes content!
I know I'm kind of behind on this, but I just finished ME3 and I'm not sure how I feel.
You really start to appreciate kind people when you live in nyc.
It's a ghost town around here.
These feds are taking telework, liberal leave seriously today, huh?
Going to bed, church at 7:30 tomorrow!
Knowing his work in Football Cops and the SportsCenter commercials, expecting an MVP performance from Eli Manning on SNL
Very cool  looking forward to seeing it
Find out how to handle hurt, from aches and pains to heartbreak, today at www.psychologytoday.com  RT
I'm speaking tomorrow at TASAmw about immigration information for school districts at 8:30AM in Room 18A.
Come by  chat!
that's so badass!
buy TTYLXOX by on itunes...request on radio disney...It is an amazing song!
you will love it!
TTYLXOX 3
r u going to change your twitter professorle pic to read 'stopped soap' now?
And just like those 2 door fords man they don't making like me no more.
The year of the dancer...Best dancers ever at the Miss America pageant!!
ill get u a copy when u visit me but u should still buy it to support me.
It's doctorpping through interscope
Thanks for the follow
I hate my face too much
Today's Annuls of EM  Bed rest of any duration after LP has not been shown to decrease the incidence of postlumbar puncture HA
I'm late to this Petrino thing, but I'm assuming Tiger Woods' exwife was chasing them down the street with a 7 iron.
I film my part in the documentary of The Rite early tomorrow morning.
I'm part of a recreation of an exorcism.
NowPlaying Keep The Streets Empty For Me' by Fever Ray
I can't believe you just put my uncombed hair on TWITTER!
ionlyputitonFACEBOOK thediscreetsocialnetwork whatsnext REDDIT?
Busy day of coaching calls : How is your day going?
is the truck menu online, tony?
Do we have any real fashion bloggers with a following?
2535 yrs of age.
uksglive would argue that an article is not fit for purpose  his purpose  research
That awkward moment when you realize you have no clue what the person talking to you just said  watched that happen to someone today haha
Do I need to fucking spell it out for you?
angry spelling bee contestant
Thanks, , for convening a conference call before any of us reporters got a chance to see the Strategic Partnership Agreement.
Looking forward to et al at pubappx this pm.
But first: luntion!
Packing it in early so I can start roasting basket orders tomorrow!
Oh yea!
Gee, I wish someone would advertise their book on twitter once in awhile.
Tropical Punch or Strawberry Banana?
Which are you having with breakfast this morning?
how are you doing these days?
What are those thingys called?
ther lil balls that get bigger when u put them in water..ther squishy?
lol idk but there fun to play with :D
Leaving studio cave and it's past midnight.
Where does the time go?
It's times like that that make me want the thesis writing stress back.
Cussing up a storm during this HEATgame till my mom gets back
6 votes away from TOP 5 now guys!
Please go to the link in my description to like it!
i just made one up.
haha
RT : Research: the lower a student's achievement, the less they want to work in groups.
I don't want them to know I'm...
Harden is ball so hard
dang.
i was hoping you would say you broke your leg and couldn't do it.
oh well, here goes nothing!
what should i bring friday?
I'm working on it lmao
I just want to play a show
So much on neurogenesis in this week's NYT magazine!
It's like rereading every psych paper I wrote in college.
Happy Labor Day Austin!
To show our love we have a huge sale going on today til 8pm!
Save big on Simmons, futons, or any sort of furniture!!
I get cranky when I don't go out dancing for a while.
Which is the cause and which is the effect?
I have phone messages from 2 wks ago that I haven't listened.
Sorry.
Bought it at Vromans, first time in there, love the store, did not enjoy getting stalked then awkwardly asked out....
LOL!!RT : Michelle is going to take matters into her own hands.
Apparently Brad has renamed his penis again.
Fact The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
yeah.
Tons of colorful rain ponchos and umbrellas.
Just need to wait for some light to shine on them...
that's a great question.
I was surprised enough by 50Bieb.
Maybe Ricky Martin?
Now, TayTay....
Don't be hating my team just cause they got TALENT  SKILLS!
You wanna make a bet on that, big boy?
:
Have a great time.....
Sale on TShirts  www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
I was at the SBJ conf.
today where they announced Michael Vick signing an endorsement deal w/ Nike.
557 media articles already written.
Just saw a woman giving a 2 yr old little girl coffee to doctornk.
Thats just awful.
I wish you could understand the way I feel about you.
Tell Me About It!
Well gtg ttyl sowwy bye love ya no homo!
Have a great trip be safe have fun!
Gonna miss ya!
Omg..
Nate;
It's pronounced sit and spin
Two obstacles for professorev: time  resistant teachers.
Some answers?
A carving out school day time B successes!
Be on the lookout for S.O.L.
Highly Anticipated Mixtape by the Beat Murderers  99
: Guitars and Cadillacs!!hillbilly music
I'm spending today with my girlfriend.
imagine Harry : I wanna thank you..
You: For what?
Harry: for being there for me.
you: Im always going to be there for you.
I am actually really liking the new Internet Explorer 9!
Especially the grab and pin feature!
At my cousin Rudy's house, for his house warming party and watchin the fight 
choose to be amenable to Success, you never know where it will guide you perhaps to places you have always wanted to go but didnt know how
almost just doctorve off the road lol
Sonics RT : Who Wins The Series?
Lakers or Thunder
All starting point volunteers, wear ORANGE this Sunday!
We will be celebrating our first Serveapalooza!!!
You can go hard or you can go home!
All of us have wonders hidden in our breasts, only needing circumstances to evoke them.
Charles Dickens
Pink haired guys that you yelled jkiehjuijeuih to XD
huh?
aha
im bored :/ im going to get something to eat : food is good.
Just a typical lazy Sunday around the house.
Thank you man city that goal not only may have secured you the premiership but also left door open for to still finish 3rd.
Did you know that we make our own chipotle ketchup?
It's mighty good!
haha yes I am!
A very rare find for sure ;
Hairsalons  stylists How much  are U losing in missed appts?
Our built in scheduler sends text reminders direct 2 UR client's
People's hairstyles irritate the shit out of me.
Love that I won a gorgeous bag from !
And its vegan and ecofriendly!
Bout to get in the air.
Love southwest airlines.
Last night though...
Give me your hand 
I've earned the Level 1 Rising Don Achievement in MobsterWorld.
Beat me in the game!
so I made it through college without becoming obese.
producing the Robert Haack Diamonds Basketball Post Game Show on
i wish i was going to be at raw nobody told me i would be there but that be awesome im going to be home watchin it
resubmit the site is the only thing i can think of
New web page comming soon!
Take a look at the old one before it goes!
www.spirearchitecture.com
Adoctorsession for Happy  Bleeding today!
Can't wait to watch me sass Matthew Settle on the big screen!
lmao just heard the funniest pick up line Is that a mirror in your pants?
Cuz i can definitely see my self in the ; lmao
hell ya!
Now we can motivate each other : haha
We're hiring a Systems Engineer to design, plan, execute and install the current infrastructure to support new applications  technologies
Justin Beiber on Ridiculousness ......As long as he doesn't sing 
SHE FUCCIN DE CREW!!!!
maybe he'll do Aristotle next?
East Hampton is like Aspen without the skiing.
...life is a goal and to live is to achieve goals says Robert.
Check out his great blog at blog.IamINC.biz!
Ugh, don't miss those nights!
...yes I do :
Brett Bielema is the Norv Turner of College Football.
Just down right terrible coaching in big situations.
Caused all 3 L's!
im thirsty ,.
this is something I can get into!
Your husband is a nut!
And funny...
Follow my Tumblr...
if you can dig it up...
So proud of my VCU Rams bball team.
Final 32 is great for a rebuilding year after losing 4 of 5 starters from the Final Four Team.
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
is definitely delicious, but my preference is for the Bakersfield Basque food.
Almost doesn't count
aw i know
leave enough room to buy me a tshirt :P RT : : I'm trying to pack give a guy a break
and its raining....again
mama mia mama mia mama mia let me go...
I like chocolate.
I'm so familiar with Wordpress but Pyro/EECMS's channel fields and insanely simple tagging systems are really nice.
Hahaha!
RT I think you should go for it!
I can say I knew you when....
All over 300 right now dude!!
better at soccer and softball.
The ball is too small for me to hit because I'm used to the big yellow balls!!!
;
Yes, I have my feet up at the MOMA cafe while you eat an overpriced dinner.
Stop staring.
Hi, nice to be connected and read this.
These are very interesting and valuable questions.
I will think about them, too.
Just saw!
Congrats.
Very much looking forward to your stuff.
I have our producer hooked on !
RT Congrats to  on being in the 1st class of Catapult ow.ly/7r0HK
Me too.
I'd rather play my least favorite game with four great people than play my favorite game with four arrogant clowns.
I started writing a song around this amazing chord but now the spark has gone.
I need more!
angry birds rules :D
what time is it there?
:O
video comin soon my dog
Hey Brooklyn I'm following you can you follw me.
xoxo ; thanks Bobby Howard
thank you!
One day I'll do likewise!
Greenhill is up next at the
Thank you thank you!
Looking to have your photo taken with Santa?
The proceeds go to a great cause and you can even bring your pets!
Thanks Sisters!
Getting my workout on at Vida fitness with scotty j!
Watching the princess bride
So bored....
It dont make no sense
How can Obama know his own daughters age?
He got it wrong twice during a press conference?
Restaurant added a 1 to the tip that I left which was already more than 20.
Do I dispute it on principle or let it go?
try texting me when u get the chance
Me either !
RT I can't take IG on Thursdays.
Sunday Funday!
Get brunch at Spanish restaurant 1492 and kickback with a Sangria!...
I love California sunshine !
Hope dangles on a string like slow spinning redemption
Your environment can inspire innovation.
What surrounds you?
Austin's hair looks soft.
I want to pet it.
No I am not weird.
Great party at Wistar Institute to benefit research.
Rabies, German measles vaccine invented there.
Adele Schaeffer honored last nt.
haha thx for the heads up!!
:
swinging the sticks at Shorewood!
Family party though, wasn't allowed to leave!
goodluck to in his game today FSU.
but remember it is always just a game and play it like the game it is.
come with me
The LORD will give strength to His people; the LORD will bless His people with peace.Psalms 29:11
sucks to suck
Life is good.
Vanderbilt is evil.
Wonder if the ACC Presidents still think Pitt  Syracuse were better picks for the powerful ACC than WVU!
don't go runnin off without a proper last hoorah
Haven't been around n awhile, lot of personal stuff going on but the BS doctorma is nearing an end so should be on here more soon.
RT Just reported a hazard on I 670 W, Columbus, using Waze  doctorve Social
Nice!
Go get 'em tiger!
Good night with my girl
Ha..Propane..
To my mom happy mothers day!
Pi, Pi, ADPi, like it, love it, ADPi, want it, need it, gotta repeat it, I just love that ADPi.
Time for some writing.
Just need to clear my head  these egg rolls should help :P
Thanks, Helen.
That ice cream is really good, enjoy!
I miss Fukadome so much....
thanks!!
So exciting to see everything we did around town!
Feel like I'm not good enough
Ok so vincent ustreams when im not home.
Ok
Mojito would be good light and minty m
10 people shot  funeral home in Miami, Fl  1 person is dead.
What is really happening in this world?
Life goes on.
ewww i should be doing homework..
i have a research paper due and a four page study guide...
i havent started haha
SCHOLL: It's all about the studentathlete.
That's why we are all here.
I come from a culture where the word student was capitalized.
exactly, a ?
I asked in school: how are we going to use this in the real world?
: happy birthday karleeelovesyou i love you, hope you had a good day : I love you  thank you :
heart pitter pattering You always shine.
Have an awesome idea for an episode.
Thanks for the heads up...but I missed it :/
i love someone??
guess who
Back when I was in art school, Mike Kelley was a wise, discerning teacherso present that Id forget, briefly, to be in awe of him.
RIP.
Birthday ending in 9 stressed me much more than upcoming birthday ending in 0.
I've missed bein in booty shorts x
I would love to but I have to work during the day.
I'm exiting the teenage years this month.
Just thought I'd post this random tidbit...lol
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Hi Angela.
Thank u for following.
Nice 2 meet u.
Have a blessed day :
1 on their breakfast menu is amazing!
The migas are good too.
I love their green sauce.
Have a great weekend yall
yikes that terrible..
I'm sorry u always run into the real winners out here..
Hope ur alright!
thank you so much for tellin ppl to follow your amazing!
I HEART  New Flavor Tropical Stampede!Win Tix 2 the Tasting Party
Talk to : sa, did u get my email for that design I sent
i hope my otha twitter account doesnt get this much of a followfollowers ratio this shit crazy
Have fun there, Team.
I might put mine in the shop this week.
Will be as soon as Cats take care of little business.
Then time for Reds to roll on Central.
It's a beautiful day here, I think I need to get outside.
Let the adventures begin.
i live in bk ny it would be awesome if i could meet u when u come to ny show u round the big town
RT : Avoid surprises.
It's not Christmas, it's a website!
tha ks for the follow dm me sometime I'd love to get to know you:
hence why I dont initiate contact first...
....hate feeling like im bugging ppl
I'm mad these niggas dealin right infront of me
There's a sign for 'analog tweets.' I think they misspelled 'graffiti.'
Maybe just maybe tex can step it up a bit?
Change has to start somewhere.
Why not where it matters the most: with getting patrons and students stoked!
The eyes of man are never satisfied
won't last I gnte u
ON ATL RADIO STATION Q100 interview..
105.7 talking about the album and preformance last night..
BIEBER DAYY
A man needs a little madness or else he never dares to cut the rope  be free.
Nikos Kazantazkis
ugh going to johns soccer game.
Live tweet me??
is so beautiful!!!
Love the Boyfriend video 
Another brilliant movie The King of Comedy Jerry Lewis
the today show interview with michael ealy was a little painful.
lol
Do you accept the idiosyncracies of others?
might be hard to get em this time of year but I'm
I ran out of the milkshake that brought the boys to the yard but I haven't had a gag reflex since the 80s  I make jokes so hit me up fellas
when are your days off?!
I KNOW I ALREADY WISHED HER A HAPPY BIRTHDAY AT MIDNIGHT ERIC.
So i am doing laundoctor at 1130 at night...this so out of character for me
Next year im tryna be a walk on for CSU
currently chopping up the field recordings into samplebased instruments in Ableton Live, musique concrete style.
Approximately 52 hours until Fall Season '11 gets under way!
Be sure to come out to support MURFC it is sure to be an exciting match
We will be holding an info session at MLK Library on on 6/23 at 11:30 am.
Email for more info!
Just outed by my itunes screensaver launching into bagpipe music during a performance review.
ouch sorry
It's not okay!
It's never okay!
I cant get apps something is wrong with my cellular data device holder thingy :
In Hood River apple picking, from farm stands.
Gorgeous views of Mt Hood from the road  that fresh blueberry tampanada!
S/O to on all ur success.
Im a engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
Because all religious books should be filed in that category!
How much fun is this?!
RT : We are having another on April 14th!
Look forward to putters in the Third Ward.
quotes success A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley
is Following back FF : thank you  I hope you tweet me in English.
Sorry I don't speak any other languages ;
Awesome!
This one and Fire  Ice are the only ones I'm missing!
I do think Brothers is one of Yngwie's best songs!
Strangest start to Sanders' stateofcity.
Eminem, Occupy, Jerry chants of the Springer kind.
Not sure if I should be amused or appalled.
Big score for FOX RT : Fox  Telemundo win 2018  2022 World Cup TV rights.
: Just finished season 2 finale of Boardwalk Empire.
I'm fucking speechless.
SPEECHLESS!!!
AGREED!!
I was floored!
An inspector calls: the day the head of Ofsted visited one school: Sir Michael Wilshaw, the new head of Ofsted, ..
A4: chron and funct can check the requirements boxes, but we should be hiring on much more than that
happy Easter sweetheart!!!!
I know we keep saying it but doctornks soon!!!!
luckily, both tracks lead to Seattle
In a sense, identity online has become both more virtual and more real, says Steve Jones, at Meeting of the Minds event at UIC
Tell President and the : Its time to Label GMOs!
Please RT Obama label GMOs http//bit.ly/GBdWms
Thanks guys!
bell rings sheridon taking his slow lil time through thehall sipping his mickey d's sweet tea lmao
lol you ain't gonna do nothing so.....
Happy Friday!
If you didn't get a chance to stop by this past weekend, no worries.
Hit us for our Kimchi Bowl lunch today!
Your welcome I just hope this doesn't affect u and tj.
If it does Thani never ment ti
Our famous Fuji salad doctorssing is now in plastic bottles.
YUM!
twitter!
i'm teaching dance class tonight.
what's your favorite let the wild rumpsus start!
song?
I think a lame got beat up or sumthin
this world is so awkward.
I think you have a new avatar pic.
:
I look wasted, did you roofie me?
TU letter to Editor: Opposes AntiDiscrimination law because it discriminates against people's right to discriminate on 'moral' grounds.???
I think they just do stuff to make me laugh
ahaha good seein u old friend :
Ha!
Well we appreciate you asking your wife to vote extra hard.
Every little bit counts!
jh
A little cucumber vodka and now it's time to do inventory.
Did I mention I love my job?
Congrats to our dear friend for raising all that money for the kids.
The Chappy's are so very proud of you!!
so true!
u like it??
get off?
welcome ;d you just made my day
what did you say?
yes!!!
KANSAS will WIN!!
I swear it's like when people get fat they completely lose the knowledge that when they bend over their ass crack will show.
im going to turn it in when the reading is turned in.
Im not reading ahead because I have stupid study questions...
She said she count her sex partners on both hands,,really so I gotta multiply that Times 5 cool..
Thanks Alex, Cyrus, Josh and friends of the Uni who played on the cube today in Prospect Park.
We're excited to return soon at full scale.
now has 65 of its operation virtualized via its private cloud, and it's aiming to reach 75 soon.
It's going to be killer!
Can't wait for people to see it.
12 Marketing Super Powers 4 The Power of Attraction  You have to have valuable messages and good content to get someone to notice
it is so freakin' good!
And congrats about the new job : I'll see if I can work something out with that song!
When I'm old and sickly, I hope my future wife and kids bring me to the Usinger's Brat Farm to live out my remaining days.
That, or shoot me
recommended you
RT I have a surprise for you
until you have to meet with a client
I love you too!
Everyday I think about the Marines and just makes me want it more and more.
Can't wait for that day to be one of the greatest warriors
When will the E Note EA800 make its way to the US?
Almost tired of waiting  starting to look elsewhere.
:
: doctoramchaser2 I'm Rollin my favorite song this shit rockin sis ...I bangs wit meek mill !!
I love
.
SAINTS!
Black  Gold in the Superbowl!
Best Weekend Was When I Gotta Lay My ahead Aganst His chest!
/3
Cotto wins round 8 but only way he wins this fight is to beat the champ
New Music Sunday: The Whole Love by Wilco
Watching transformers from part 1 to part 3
Staticy hair?!
Ugh!
Spray hairspray on your brush and brush it through.
Crisis averted.
o wow okay....well nice to meet you and happy new years...
Are you on the list?
Kicks Off SXSWi w/ DG at the W tomorrow night.
List closes at 5pm 2dayRSVP partyatdachisgroupdotcom.
no worries!
I'm OK.
Hanging in there.
Thinking about moving.
How are you doing?
Any good content management plugins for a blog?
My wordpress was hacked and I am thinking about switching!
RT : Oh shiiiit hide your heels  fish nets!!!
There is De La Hoya!!!!
JAJAJAJA you are so wrong
We need your book recommendations!
Tell us what to out on the schedule for Open Book Club?
Closing till 11 can be the worst shift and sometimes the best shift...
Its a 50/50 right now!
Bored.
But happy Liz is here with me 
RT : Lawsuit number 51, Camarena v.
NFL, filed in CA St Ct.
It's a wrongful death lawsuit on behalf of late Curtis Whitley
FlockaVoice O Let's Do It!
it's not like it used to be.
Birthday dinner!
if we gonna do it, we gonna do it big wiz 33
Tonight, 8p !
: Do you like Saturday?
And nights?
And live?
Good, bc  Vanessa Bayer are coming!
shit just got real .
Can you explain red boning?
u want to
Time to get rowdy!!
It's an old slingerland nighthawk.
Ain't worth much.
How much you got!?
I'll take it.
FUCKING 19 DAYS UNTIL THE CONCERT!!!
:D
doctorp some off at the Studio...
More local political TV buys than I can recall in past primaries.
Not sure if any really stand out.
doctorts, the strawberries in the fridge have grown goatees.
No doubt ...
You put that work in today Salute!!
Go get another Victory down in South Beach!
Aint no You in next Lol
Tip 167: Play your bluffs  your strong hands the same way.
You will get paid off when you have it and earn pots when you don't.
TakeCare such an amazing song!!
Fuck la traffic
take a super shuttle!
Cheapest!
i never plan on reading that series....
Can't wake up today...
I dont even know if im gonna go haha.
Noticed you missed out on DCist Exposed opening?
Hope you find time to see the exhibit  Had some good stuff!
Beth is our daytime bartender today, and it's Happy Hour all day long.
4 premium well, 3 Jager Shots, 4 Jameson Shots, 3 Beers.
Looking forward to discussing global higher ed with US State Dept's Special Rep.
Reta Jo Lewis during her campus visit on Friday
watching, listening, tweet, chatting, simultaneously...
wow thanks for this format, Global Conversations in Literacy Research
Just branded the office with our logo and it looks AMAZING!!!
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten.
that's crazy talk
Wake up with passion.
Allow it to carry you through your day :
Unwork related: our child lost her first tooth today.
Sniff.
and I remember when it came in.
ifsheisgettongoldwe'regettingold
Congrats!!
It is kinda cool to be connected with NCSS presenters!!
I apologize for the exclamations.
MLS stream went down
inspirational loved the song!
Couldn't make a true blue colts fan feel better.
In the fourth straight start in which Sabathia goes eight innings, he punches out ten Rays tonight.
Google baby sloth.
A sloth would be my kind of pet!
Having the biggest IDGAF day.
'Harry Potter' author J.K.
Rowling set to release her first adult novel
Don't forget about the Neighborhood Walk and BBQ this Saturday, January 28th.
Enjoy good friends and good food while discussing the issues!!
Can't decide what I want to do to my Class ring.
Small problem yes, but its bugging the hell out of me.
ughreallyirritated .
muzak version of superstitiousjust play some xmas music already plzzzzz
SEC Charges New Jersey Man In Real Estate Investment Scam
I know what you mean, I have to live with 6 younger siblings.
When is the best time to ski?
Superbowl.
Ski all day with no lift lines, go home and watch your recordings of the commercials.
2013 planning
do you prefer playing in a dome or outdoors?
your hair would never come up short!
you blaspheme!
RT : Mother's Day tomorrow!
Remember to thank your mom for not breastfeeding you on the cover of a national magazine.
My 7 year old daughter was thrilled to find your picture in her Murray Elementary School Yearbook this year.
DUSTIN DOES!!
You should've seen when we gave him a ride lol
Stay tuned for some exciting new things from the Atkins Library Special Collections at UNC Charlotte!
yes.
mulligan.
That's fair
Defense.
Tenacity.
Teamwork.
Courage.
Ugh I love the fray...
guiltypleasure go ahead,
hope u read my letter : and finally follow me
Welcome!
Senior VP Chris Augostini gives some opening remarks/updates.
RT : Little known fact: if your burrito is wrapped in aluminum foil, it cancels out the carbs
Goodmorning Thankful For Another Blessed Day.Whlie Sleeping GOD Was Speaking To Me.
Looking forward to moving back in July, watch out
this area has been vocal for the need of increased police assistance for a year now
i just want to go back to bed..
SoSleepy 
Tell me something I don't know ...
Ill be back tomorrow :D ;/
Went to bed early, and awoke to discover that RaspberryPi was finally available for sale.
Except not.
So my car has remote start.
Nice!
One of the best books every written: Strunk and White's The Elements of Style.
Great hockey game being played in Washington.
There's a few folks who've emailed about it.
Want me to take care of that for you?
Well, sure.
I think it's one of the means to the end of selling ads.
Maybe will become the primary mean, even.
I had a doctoram that went to my school, and I got detention because I skipped class to meet him!
Lol
Yeah, I see that Bing bug too.
PNW by way of Central Asia?
Wow.
Playing crew love i got it on repeat.
OMG I need food...feeln bad again
did u try the find it iPhone feature
I stay up all night thinkin about when LI become famous , but I've gotta snap outta it get on my grind.
.
Then I won't have to doctoram  Zaona
B.A.P
Hello family and friends I'm a conscious Man of.
African Heritage!
That's Proud to be Black!
..I believe in Us!
...the Righteous.
Folks!
At work in combat boots, not smart...
low blow lol
mine is trivial, tough business day mountain to climb, possible new customer's system release...
Shake It Out
In large part we're going city by city b/c we're a small team and we'd like to do a good job, building community and refining data.
YOU are my strong tower, fortress when I'm weak, your name is true  holy  your face is all I see.
I'm interested in your video setup for the PyCon talks  tutorials?
What is your setup?
still must make certain kitchen doesn't roll out the crust w/flour...
sometimes still a problem
They've created a monster and he finna go crazy
Wait, has Newton Leroy doctorpped out?
I guess he's an reasonable fill in for Santorum.
That's the issue, them hoodoctorts are devaluing females w/ that premium!
l0l RT : thats not fair for us w good weaves lol
And Justin Rose...nice sunglasses.
Phil Mickelson...
looking trim.
Met John Ashworth.
All in all, a success!
you have SO MUCH HAIR.
You will never understand my jealousy of your fabulous mane.
We cannot buy a fkin rebound.
Smdh
now open down the street from me, just ordered three meals worth of food
no haha this is for something else
I have too much time on my hands.
I've changed my bg like, 4 x
Any time!
RT : Thanks for the support yesterday launch will launch at
C is for cookie, that's good enough for me...
ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs because half the world dnt even genuinely love themselves
This show...not only am I already falling in love with it....it's already becoming a piece of me.
Of my career.
Col Legno.
3
awww shucks!
thanks!!!!
we are accepting resos for our Brown Estate wine maker dinner now!
Will we see you on 9/12?
check out Francoeur's cannon
all the good guys have run away to PA huh?
;
thinks I've been downstairs getting a doctornk.
No, I've secretly been listening to her do work, and she's making weird noises.
:o
I WANT A CHINCHILLA!!!!
amen.
I'm going to bed now but my brain is writing a blog post for tomorrow :
oh ya!!
i think iv'e heard of them.......
but i like to many!!
are you going to Olive Garden tonight?
Hanging in there like a hairy biscuit.
On my way to auto zone
yeah it's become pretty much impossible for me.
womp.
Nationalbesfriendday well hello to my coowner bailey: BEST FRIENDS FOREVER!
K
you don't fall for jokes :/
mister Reese is actually a Nathan?
FINALLY BACK IN BERLIN!!
READY TO KICK SOME SERIOUS SWB12 ASS!!!!!
Thx for the tip.
I'll look into it for tonight.
I remember those travel soccer days!
Some of the best of my life.
Enjoy your kids while you still have'm.
Nothing is better.
Fun exercise: Students search for Ahab, then examine how the metaphors they find interpret the quest.
i am!
Thank you!
Managing another person is a difficult task.
It gets worse when you realize that they NEED to be managed.
just encountered the rudest customer ever.
thanks for really making my day great...
Always have the most cut up sessions at mcm with
I may be hitting Saturday's game sitting in the Timbers Army section!
Should I start doing pushups now?
You know it :
Ooh yeah.
I was thinking we were doing current players.
Keith Lee has to be the big.
What is a friend anymore?
Not yet.
But when we know you will know!
Exicted about break but sad ill miss.
My love
I since some sarcasm in that tweet...meet me at the spot lol
2 more days until ALPHA Rumba!
My BF had the same problems with online classes he took for his MLS  incommunicado professor.
True, but I'm particularly disturbed by the female leadership in the Republican party.
icantgoadaywithout my phone
Feel 4 U!
RT : I need help.
There are like 7 cats living in my parking space at home.
How can I get rid of them...
You're sounding a bit like a Libertarian.
Welcome!
RT : screw taxes
i love
listening too song !
doctorvers in parking lots who get huffy because they feel you're taking too much time getting kids in car seats deserve a case of the shingles
Just toured the new Minooka facility
Spice Girls 
Found a blog of a sister who just returned from the mission I'll be going to.
I can't wait!!!
:D
that happened to me too!
I was like o o thats them lol

thanks for following us!
Lemonade is what we need right this minute!
i just had to pull my boy off of ...dogs never forget..
We as a company will continue to reach out to the elderly and those with special needs.
The Golden Rule applies for sure!
Yep  she seems blissfully happy too.
I still recall the stench after she ate papa johns garlic butter though.
Wow.
no...see how the millionairs and billionairs money being spent...
Nothing is more powerful for your future than being a gatherer of good ideas and information.
That's called doing your homework.
The righteous are bold as a lion
Yes that it is.
High of 81 today.
That part I love...just minus the pollen ;
Today's doctorzzly weather is making me look like David St.
Hubbins!
always great stuff from  if you need help in this social media world and you are a nonprofessort  follow her
oh yea girl !
For serious?!
The Departed Shortstop
Just playing!
Pulling an
Thank you for your greeting, and may your day be filled with great fortune!
I interviewed the woman about the mistake the wouldbe carjackers made.
Also talked to those visiting officers who chased after the men.
Holy crap, gimme!!
Also, say Maker's Mark maple glaze ten times fast.
Phew.
Rembrandt family day rocked!
i like it..
i dunno if he will tho..
ill give it a whirl!
p
Gift the gift of time.
Let us scooppoop and cleanlitterbox.
DoodyCalls service is the perfectgift for any occasion.
1.800.DoodyCalls
Puck singing taylor swift makes me happy
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.
Carl W.
Buechner
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift Steve Prefontaine
I have some extra tix available to the Autorama today, if you're coming today get back to me!
Paperwork is hard but if I want to get paid I have to.
you have options....snowman or sand castle.
I will...we doing better now but monday was pretty tough.
txt me when your here!
That sounds like an extraordinary read.
Game 5 in Indianapolis Pacers vs
MY SWEATSHIRT MADE MY SHIRT PURPLW
Caps GMGM says he didn't make an attempt to sway him to stay because there is no gray in Dale's life
yeah it sucks cause I like reading the posts from people
my guy is so crazy,but i must admit he maa mainn33
that awkward moment when you had to lie on a truth is.
:c ugh atleast i told you i loved you....
even if i said as a brother.
where are the live tweets missy!
I am laughing at your new avi.
LOVE it!
;
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 10
3 happiest asian you know, right here 3 FOLLOW HER :
Such a fun/festive crowd at Rick Stewart's writers night!
iSpy green hair extensions, face paint, and green jeans.
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
I've told 2 people on the Amtrak quiet car to pipe down and 1 to get out of my seat.
dammit liking a guy is annoying
Marketing Yourself From the Inside Out
did you see it?
nice appearance on AmericanIdol last night!
no bullshit Y.M.C.M.B
you bring out the Trini in me....
MSCConf  Software as a Service.
eCylinder  can you imagine rekeying locks without leaving your shop, or sending out a tech?
Happy Hump Day!

T Walton!!!
I watched that movie on Netflix not too long ago.
That's SPOOKY..Mulder.
The art of good decision making is looking fwd to  celebrating the tradeoffs, not pretending they don't exist.
Godin
protools all up in my mac
Me too!
lol That.
Would not happen here huh.
Took a nap slept good and still feeling sleepy
sounds good to me!
Watching the Playoffs.Atlanta is doing HORRIBLE wth?!
My team Celtics is bussin ass
Peppermint Mocha flavor from Coffeemate is here!
Yummy!
:
Glad to have in the neighborhood.
All the best to you Jamie.
Now, do I get to see what comes next anytime soon or do I have to make it myself?
Because I'm prepared to do that.
Thanks I've found using Twitter to share articles works for me, glad to know you're enjoying them too.
if its brussat, not sure abt 1 episode.
He has like 1 opinion.
Wang golf?
My wolf flow led to a bats stab in the pool loop.
What are your top 10 hip hop songs of the 00's?
I would just like to say a massive HAPPY BIRTHDAY to , have a great day girl!
I miss ya.
3 xx
How much did you spend on yellow pages last year?
Allegros got a perfect on group one sight reading!
Lmfao he probably looking like Oo wtf!
Haha I crack myself up though
Working on the chapter I'm responsible for in an upcoming book on the Indianapolis Church Federation...great to be back in the 1920s!
Chipotle and Crumbs for graduation dinner!
If abortion is murder, wouldn't that make a miscarriage involuntary manslaughter?
great RT : Real worldAuthenticArchaeology matters
Had an awesome day in Tahoe!!!
We have air conditioning!
Be cool and come create!
Man Date?
RT : Buffalo Wild Wings with Currently partying and bullshit, the usual.
That my shit low key
For the gifts and the calling of God are irrevocable.
: Watching my Milwaukee Brewers:  is better live!
Come visit soon.
Well thats good, I've been worried about it.
haha.
I need to stop being late so they'll stop calling my mom telling her I'm absent!
well logically now the team that should win the cup are the rangers.
but it hasn't been very logical so far, so.
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 17
This brew just won't rest, unlike my pooch that's pooped out on the rug with zero energy.
Something lingering in my brain.
Back after a sip.
I am stealth, typing with my new super quiet Microsoft Wireless Keyboard 6000...which does NOT wake up baby nearby...oh yeah...awesome...
Up and can't sleep Morgan being bad ass he'll right now.
Damn or maybe it was that pizza damn my stomach hurt
Im totally growing my hair out all the way down to my belly button!
RT : The mothers day commercial by Verizon with all the crying is the worst!
RT As US communities struggle with childabuse, why does House budget cut childwelfare funding?
: I can finally hashtag with out getting hated.
Lmao bringiton is a TT I can talk out the whole movie  really though
Just booked a fundoctoriser this weekend for a child with cancer.
Going to be great bringing happiness to everyone there!
thank you
Mark your calendars!
April 29May 1, 2011 Crowned Princess Charm Pageant.
Early rate expires September 6.
Log onto distinctimpressions.net
Okay rondo
I'm always where I should me
If we win, we'll split the shoes.
haha probably the Ralph, if not howe
Yay!
: I'm taking the advice of and following back many of those who follow me.
I just didn't take the time.
Blue and orange m
Inside  we're all the same.
Accepting and understanding individual differences are key.
Wouldn't you agree?
The City of RVA is one of the only cities in the US that doesn't have a free childoctorn's hospital
The Lion King :D Perfect end to just an all out amazing night!
Just watched new song undercover baby and LOVE it I can't wait to get it on iTunes!!!!!
There's still time.
Ugh.
Worst OT performance ever?
nowplaying ..
Gossip  Perfect World
Spending the day crawling through WMATA tunnels and vent shafts.
Jealous?
Walking through tunnel might be faster than the actual trains
people be tweeten like crazy everytime i refrash my computer its 50 new tweets
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid HeightsDeniz Koyu vs Kings of Tomorrow Finally Hertz
haha that's something you'll be saying more of ;
TY 4 being a creative inspiration to all types of artists.
My boo and I love ur new album.
3 Beez in the Trap.
Xoxo.
sorry i didn't get your tweet till now!
trust me you were just missing me be awkward as always
Did LSU win this game or did the Ducks lose it?
Yes and yes.
Stuck in the holiday traffic?
Take a pit stop and grab some new holiday tunes to celebrate this week!
Some nights I feel like I could wear my retainer forever.
Other nights, like tonight, I wake up bc I can't stand the feel of it in my mouth.
Broadway St in Edgewater/UptownAfrica, Humboldt PkPuerto Rico, Devon Ave in Rogers PkIndia, Pilsen/Little VillageMexico
Nobody has made it this far from such a young age like has ....
:
I've had this headache for so long I don't remember what it feels like to be headachefree.
Sleepless in
Times may look tough, but remember there are rewards for staying in faith.
God promises your payday is on its way.:
Was not expecting to hear Lugar losing his seat today.
Wow
Top braces off tomorrow!
Like I said, mister Disrespectful didn't get my daughter anything for Mother's Day!
Summer's approaching!
Use our tool to set a weight loss goal and compare your actual progress with your projected progress!
www.IamINC.biz
Man, how is junior year over?
Happy St.
Patrick's day!
Come celebrate with us..
Patio is OPEN!!!
regretting that burrito
I had a blast.
It's , but I think he's too good for Twitter now
saw that was trending...
some faith in humanity is restored xD
wrong info on my bday show...stand by, correct info coming!!!
I just smoothied the shit out of you, fruit.
What now?
Spree day today at Fitchburg State University everybody getting doctornk as fuck on my city streets it's going down
imagine seeing the boyz walking down your street
because it's beautiful!
what number did you text?
Too bad Ozzie has to manage.
Can't have dinner with him tonight.
Was down to 9k, up to 31k, then down to 20k at dinner break
Did you know May 10th is Steve Appreciate Day?
Buy unmarked gold bouillon for the Steves you know today!
Today was a beautiful sunny day!
No rain today!
Loving this weather!
Just can't wait for winter!
we didn't get a picture!
:
Geithner needs some Preparation H, it hurts.
I remember when Jason Whitlock warned that the Turner Gill hiring would be an epicfail for
My mom: OMG, did you know there's a Firefly marathon playing on Christmas Day?
Me: I love you so, so much.
why do you love me
You are so fake
At the movies with diandoctora, jake, and janelle.
Here to watch thewomaninblack.
This better be good.
I call my penis mister Stretch Armstrong :
maybe you should get sick more often lol
If you're obsessed with Eminem well we got something in common.
Put on your best clothes we've been waiting toolong for this moment put on my best smile I'm shining inside and in front of abrandnewwcloud
so cute!
RT : If any Oracle DBAs are looking for fulltime work please let me know.
What to give up for forty days?
Any suggestions?
If you live downtown/eastside you should try the Hank Aaron trail sometime.
You can catch it near the HD museum.
Gorgeous day 
Me too yo.
Just because you're so cocky, I'm going to blow you
Thanks Cecile!
Hopefully I'll be seeing you around!
My life's turned upside down.Meet me out past those train tracks.
I'm leaving and not coming back.You're right and I was wrong.
miss you ;
Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it.
Lewis Carroll
Blessings Sir!
Put your confidence in God and not in man.
I cried when Skip died and Boobie Miles couldn't play football no mo
I really hate seeing United all over this airport.
Proof that I have indeed become a Houstonian.
4 days until Im in San Diego....
Is it possible to be this happy??
:D
That really is the heart of the matter.
Man...
This place is crawling with girls.
Haters smile like they like me when they really don't.
wish they could just wish me away thats what they really want.
hi!
when is your next show in spokane?
To all my loyal tweeps out there, the last month has been a blurr and I am back to positive tweets.
Look forward to reconnecting with all:
where you going man?

sonia, again I read it and thought scientific curiosity
Recognize Famous Author of newly released book, Have Mercy
You did a fanstastic job you are awesomei love the song!: GREAT SINGER!!
LOVE it!
So now that you're finishing school...what are you gonna do?!?!
36 days until early price for Exhibitors goes to normal pricing!
Dont wait to reserve your space at the 18th annual WWVC Show and save big!
2nd period chemistry is gonna be intense!!!!
It's late.
Or early.
You decide.
Anyway, on Tumblr?
Follow me.
Idlewild1914.
Witty stuff to come.
Pics too.
Honest.
can't for DDManassas this Sat!
Great Round Table event.
We need to do more of these.
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward to catchingup soon.
Aren't all marriages kinda gay?
Kimmel
Hanging with the guys.
You've survived the Shark Tank but can you survive the party!
Nighty night time!
actually...
AWESOME
sounds familiar
How much longer must I suffer
So is Sam Raimi only producing the Poltergeist remake, or is he also directing while Tobe Hooper stands around nodding his head?
AH!!
It's almost 's birthday.
I can't wait.
I have a present that's prefect.
they still make PS2 games 12 years later.......the PS2 is the greatest console of all time
There's a lot of fanatical fans out there, I mean it's just a game!
All the best!
When attempting to set up a meeting with me, don't ask for me to come  7pm.
I've been on the clock since 8am.
I'm sorry you sleep until 3pm
Im gone to negative today too much praise for guys that played like highschool
Well no, not really actually
Power and ladyness
October man.
October.
are you good at the follow up?
you gotta be!
I want to call me cus im bored but i doubt he will
RT : wow!!
Hope you have a very Happy 50th!!
CongratsThanks so much!
Feeling great!
Ready for the next 50!
it went great brother!
I missed you, you sweet sweet man.
ImMadBecause people judge us for being realtors and think we are all sharks!
Not everyone is the same.
Where did all the happy people go?
Heres a quick tip: always keep negative space top of mind.
These guys are cool FYI 99conf buds!
Flames shooting from power plant in Everett.
Don't freak.
Nat'l Grid is doing it on purpose to clean out some lines.
I miss my girls, Cabrini Dance Team 
For some of the hottest beats from Belgium Holla he is awesome !!!
Hope everyone has an amazing night!!!!!:
match up
it's amazing how many songs have an unmistakable unknown pleasures influence
What do yall think about Jersey City becoming the home for my tattoo shop?
Meeting tomorrow.
At least I didn't have to share this damn school bus seat with anyone.
I'm glad I don't look more approachable.
Key is keeping enough traditional components intact in order to speak to existing target.
Felt the brisk air of Vegas between flights ...
bracing myself for Reno.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the talk last night!
FreshmanYearTaughtMe nothing yet...
thanks Kirsten!
:
Poolside.
Yeah buddy!
Happy bday Christian hope all your wishes come true and if they haven'thopefully one day they will your a really great kid
That's pretty awesome!
We once saw a stripper dance to South of Heaven.
You'll get nothing, and like it.
Congrats Walcott.
We at DFHF will be partnering with NYC Schools to stop doctorg, alcohol abuse  gun violence plaguing kids.
envisionbig.
ask kids what r u going 2 b when u grow up.They anser wth exact vision I am going 2 b...
teach kds 2ENVISION nt 2doctorAM
working my last tuesday evening!
RHOA Phaedoctor is NO southern belle.
There's also a correlation between billionaires and bad haircuts.
Think D.
Trump  B.
Gates.
That was the end of my emotional rant:/
That sounds so gross...kinda like maple donuts with bacon on top...oh wait those are good.
restocked on protein aka its a great fuckin day ;D
Convince anybody of anything take's knowledge,hope,and a willing ear and is it worth it anyway?
UNRAVLE
RT : doctoramBikes has plenty of opportunities for volunteers, including stripping bicycles for parts, cleaning, repairing
Kevin Chynoweth, Fairchild Semi: Roughly right is better than precisely accurate.
Importance of agility  responding quickly
can we get rid of overly critical Makshater Len and just have judge?
omg is that the eye pic we tried to do??
Hahahaha!!!
I have my Orange  Spice and my new age, no lyrics music playing on Pandora.
I'm ready to WORK!!
Now, if only my apt was warm...
Summer means little different now that I'm not a student, but still, it's the season of sunkissed tans, warm nights w/doctornks, BBQ
most people didn't know he survived 38 hours though
What party, young lady??
what are reviewer requirements?
I'm a public librarian w electronic collection dev responsibilities and also an English major.
And so the perpetual Cascadian mist has settled over the city.
power 96 my Favorites Station yo
I'm a firm believer in that people only do their best at things they truly enjoy.
It's difficult to excel at something you don't enjoy.
Found a TurboTax forum comment that is a secret cry for help: CAN I CLAIM MYBOYFRIEND THAT DIDNT WORK ALL YEAR
Congrats to my friends Will Hawkins  Jonathan Rosenthal...
their horse All On The Table won it's 2nd race today at the LA County Fairplex!
Mark your calendars.
Trivia each Thursday.
8pm.
Awh, your the sweetest!
Thank you!
:
thank you:
I won 9.00 in the Mega Millions doctorwing last night.
What should I spend it on?
thanks!
What do you think I could offer that would be more useful than everything already out there?
There's so much on this topic!
I have 573 fans here but only 71 at Hazel  Haverly...let's even this out :
Oh My GOD Avengers was everything I hoped it would be and more.
Holy fuck.
I think it's the only movie I don't have a single complaint about
I wish I had A BILLION DOLLARS to build all the stuff ppl want for the music exhibition
brazil beaches
What do you call a singing computer?
A dell
EDGE Adds Capital Markets Division
Don't be stupid
Check out best of 2010 issue!
There is a small blurb about our Harbor East location next to our nomination page!
: Good workout wit the broz an 
15 of the 19 September11 hijackers were Saudi.
They'd have to kill me b4 I ever bow to the Saudis!
will you PLEASE approve the app?
The wait has gotten absurd.
Come on guys.
: Don't go telling everyone!
They'll doctornk all the stuff before I get there!
Plenty for all!
FOLLOW THE MAN HIMSELF  My Main Account  My Other Accounts
Really starting to get excited for Diablo 3 now, absolutly cannot wait.
Who do you think you are?
Was involved with when I was at CU 0206.
Big fan of the Twitter feed.
Keep up the great work promoting our great school!
rainy Saturday in Miami
This week is stomping all over me.
And now it's raining.
And there's traffic.
And work after work.
Bitch, bitch.
Whine, whine.
Oy
..charging her dem.
primary voters is unnecessary bc they're going to vote for Barry anyway or say or home, so...my spidey sense tells me
Cyberspace is  or can be  a good, friendly and egalitarian place to meet.
Finished with the Mother of All Mailings.
If I promised you a book, look for it in the mail this coming week.
:
You see, looking as much like a bum as I do, I'm trying to go incognito.
I can't really do that at Boheme, ya know?
I made the stupidest mistake.
Which led to my chances with this amazing girl get ruined.
And now i have to let go of her.
ImAScrewUp.
I'm sure he is very missed  and I was sorry to hear of his passing.
But he lives on every day through his work!
:
you not grown lol take ya big head self to beeeedd
about to watch 127 Hours.
pretty much ready to be not surprised
I'm working on picking bars to tell everyone to meet at.
Any suggestions?
haha.
It's always nice to have a clean professorssional twitter account!
will do man, most likely this summer!
Come to the public opening of Paris: Light/Shadow and Latin: Races/Roots, now through March 17th !
And FF to some of my fave education Tweeps:
cont: play ur ass off here, in chicago, win a superbowl, then they will be more then happy to pay u.
get with it!!!!!!
4 mil aint enough????
Whenever kids at my school don't wash their hands I always put them on blast.
Hey everbody, this guy didn't wash his hands!
HEY EVERYBODY
Watch a great film, explore Lean, Ford, Breillat, Lupino, etc These directors are authors, artists, masters of their field.
These have all been conversations GrandpaFred has been having within his mind, spoken out loud.
In between, he asks me to get things.
bitch please, dont make me put that file saved on my computer on here
Its not hard to find someone who tells you they love you, its hard to find someone who actually means it 
My dog Bud could def give lessons on how to get along with others ...
are amazing!!
The subject of Maryland's football uniforms is officially tired.
If he's actually gay, my whole life will be a lie.
Haha.
Thanks for the ff!
10FavoriteNickiMinaj I am your leader
OhioState's secondary is like watching the 3 stooges
Finished a TON of updates to the website, much more to do...
oomf has geek hair phahaha I wanna meet him:
Crossdepartment planning builds narrative across company that marketing comm knows what it's doing.
AT THE HOUSE CHILLIN WITH MY CUZ ITZ AWESOME
BestSongEver SAYSOMETHIN blasting ..
Singing along to it !!!
In love 
lmbo would u tip me
Tell your partner s/he looks great.
Don't worry about what others might think.
I Cried When i saw Titanic in 3D with my best friend at 6:45 today
Landed in Cleveland.
It is good to be home.
hahahaahah, you coming to paul's?
AND like a coxcable support person told me while backenter your home number WRONG and you get a live person faster!
AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?2
Hey twitter
Looking forward to Thursday's 50s patio party  join in costume or in casual wear, We'll bounce to the doowop!
Do you have an official fan facebook?
I'm so confused with everything.
haha.
please answer!
xx
Why make rumors that are not fucking truth
Mather gets Cubs outfielders on the board  ESPN
You're very welcome!!!
At the movies with my nephews!
dnt compare niggas to me cuz im hell on this mike
Picture please.
RT : Oh boy....oh dear lol this chicks hair is SOO greasy!!
Someone hasn't showered in a while.
Janelle is coming over on my bus, then the mall, then her house3 :
are you guys really performing in Louisville on Easter for an Easter Bash ?
watching The Horde a French zombie film.
Thems some strong ass zombies...
Thank you for commemorating MCA  The Beastie Boys tonight
We will really miss you!
Welcome, Wendy!
Thank you for bringing the topic of glutenfree in college to our attention!
Hoping for a reasonable doctorw today.
Thanx for the Follow...
keep Rockin ;
Follow us on twitter
Hey, has a beer engine now.
Well, at least she'll have her prom ;
Travel on Garnett r u kidding!!!
Contact me if your interested in some model promo work
Keep love in your heart.
A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
Oscar Wilde
Oh my gosh, it's a video game reference.
You've really upset me.
I don't know how to recover from this
Americans are spending 1.46 billion on Mega Millions?
Intelligent retirement strategies.....
Would I get some of the money if you won?
it takes a lot of courage to stand up to the medical establishment and have a home birth.
Midwives less expensive than doctor
If they did it Jack Bauer's way they would have to call it 8.
on a Carabin Shaw penalty kill.
OKC on the PP.
RT : RT : I wont settle for average
yea that's all it is, aux is just a general term for something that adds to, n this case a radio.
Usb is the most universal
I want a new iphone
finishing a OG Hip Hop track for a french movie with Klaus Badelt and Andoctorw Raiher
Lady Phoenix shot a reality show called doctorAM ON and needs a network to pick it up!
Watch the video and spread the word!!
Hope's there PD is huddled up and the guys are just BBQ'n LOL!
i'm may love more than i love nutella and cheese; BUT NOT TOGETHER, that's just gross!
Finally watched GCB yesterday, not going to lie it kind of reminded me of FBC Muskogee :
omg yes!
its so......cluttered.
Do you remember when the Prez was Lester Young?
No one was postblack back then.
Now that all the food is put away  my daughter is putting her lunch away.
It's time for a 4 20 break for me.
BLAZE IT!
:P
You can never have too many pairs of jeans  we're looking forward to having you come in!
: Done with written Phd Exams!!!!!!!!!!!
I have a life again!!!!!!!!!
saying again makes it sound like you had one before
Today in Blues History: Nov 12, 1925 Louis Armstrong recorded Gut Bucket Blues in Cincinnati, Ohio
Damn!
Minerva indian restaurant playlist: indian song, BT CLUB MIX, indian song, SWEET CHILD OF MINE
Wow its been a few days since u Tweeted last.....
FCBD !
Sadly they were out of Mouseguard and the Star Wars one by the time I got there.
Didn't get around to LAST TYCOON tonight.
Saving it for tomorrow.
Watched INTO THE WILD instead.
ahh so jelly.
I'm excited to check out your coachella fits!
thanks for the shout out!
Glad to help, if even a little :  CC:
Portland Brewers Fest this weekend.
Don't doctornk  doctorve!
Just doctornk  stay  Comfort Inn Vancouver/N.Pdx Save now  www.vancouverwahotel.com
Thanks for the support Tim, that's super cool and its much appreciated!
BSB: SHC has life.
A Chris Viloria 3B has brought in two more and SHC has cut the SI lead to 64.
Noah in for Stint via
it just flowed perfectly
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
You all are real persons of interest, I hear the Police may investigate your cult about the comments you made about this sicko!
And I love the hell out of you, beautiful Beebers!
The Vampire Diares season finale made me cry like a little girl.
:'
RADTOWN.
I 3 vintage couches like that.
:
and I can't WAIT to see the video you lame, make sure you  me when you post it so I really get burned lmfao you're a joke
R.I.P.
Bear Grylls' career.
whats good pimp
you are one good looking Britishspeaking lady ;P
Start everyday with a new hope, leave bad memories behind and have faith for a better tomorrow.
This is the bitterest pain among men, to have much knowledge but no power.
This!
RT: lunch w/featured speaker Education matters.
A lot.
Perhaps more than anything else.
nothing like reliving my childhood by watchin Anastasia missinthe90's
he gotta be either a hater or he blind dam
When jumpin jumpin comes on Pandora
Comedy night at 730 pm followed by open mic with Jeordie.
Lots of fun tonight, hope to see you here!
If bike riding was a prerequisite for diabetics...
doctorg companies would be a lot less richer,
Reeses!
Thank you!
How desperate am I that I just had a thought about posting a seeking a massage ad to craigslist?
Rock chalk.
When the garbage guy knocks over 's trash can right in front of her
Who is out there
When someone asks to go to the bathroom right as your about to 
would she walk around the neighborhood in a bikini?
In line at the post office and this person in front of me looked down and said hello to my umbrella crazy 
true lol, any new lovers?
lol
Dont be afraid to go out on a limb.
Thats where the fruit is.
H.
Jackson Browne
I'm just glad baseball is back.
Can't wait to make it out to some games.
I wish that there was an HM near.
sighs
Why regulate personal relationships?
Gov't involvement in marriage  vestige of era women had no rights.
STOKED FOR TONIGHT'S SHOW!
Stereo Space's 1st show in Danny's hometown, Bayside
Do you follow me?
Find me on twitter
I wnt buy u tha world but I will show u tha world if u let me
get yo grind on!
That last podcast was on point...I linked it too my fb page with the intentions of tagging my dad but didn't
You're probably the most confusing person ever.
I think we should start a tradition of tailgaiting for metal shows.
Exactly how legal is it to grill  get doctornk in a parking lot?
In san Marcos 2NITE with Royalty For Life at Gold Crown Billiards
First real speed session in nearly a month....
About killed myself off, but got in 6x800.
Whew!!
Those days are all gone...
Fiero is a dish best served with clarity.
practice up!
Team PS is coming for ya on 6/4!
et al
There's a stinkbug stuck in a spider web right outside my window.
It's like national geographic live!
Thx.
I'll fix it in the article.
Seen in person today during the Jay Leno Tonight Show taping.
Man that girl is beautiful!!!!
ExpoLine La Cienega station has the loveliest art: Civilization from Tongva to American,  a Pacific Electric memorial on the floor.
wishes i lived in a world where dentists wanted me to know their teethwhitening secrets
Teacher: Sit up front.
Me: Bitch, I sit in the back for a reason.
I don't want to see your ugly face in HD.
This virus has left me with only energy to sit on the porch.
Only now I realize how nice it is.
Should try it even when I'm not wiped.
The mailman just approached my desk and asked if I was into ABBA,  then played them loud on his iPod for me to hear.
I double dare to mock Jones in the top 10
Good morning, everyone!
I love my life 3
there is always someone to disagree with you
you might need to change ur program, eating plan and add diff supplements.
This is a MustRead for all Women by
Saw The Artist.
Clever, original  funny  even without dialogue.
Dear Hollywood: More of these, less Twilight sequels.
Thanks.
Welcome aboard!: Tiger Nation can I get some more followers yo I know we strong on Twitter.
finally!
The meaning of Squishy!
Dan Quayle Public speaking is very easy.
professorssional studyabroad student?
i don't think I've ever been so jealous in my life!
Off to bed...
Contemplating on getting a hair cut...
Fusion2012 Comm ImpactArts Leader nominees: Teresa Osborn  Vern Smith good luck to all the nominees!
some girls just dont get that we dont want to see their entire torso when they stretch and their shirt goes up to their bra
Hungry and tired!!!
I'm doctornking.
Champagne.
Out of a can.
Through a straw.
Jersey Shore on Pop Up Video 
thanks for the welcome!
Excited to see John Clay and Niles Brinkley wearing the black and gold of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Sometimes I think we're fooling ourselves that an ORM is easier than just writing the SQL.
Maybe I'm crazy.
She no how to do it!!!!
Video update today!
Keep an eye out
I think i have a torn acl
Making my life better one day at a time.
Buy low, sell high
I do not.
Haven't really had time myself.
I read that as recall of their detection system.
I'd guess true error way higher.
hey girl
Going to...
Love it!!
I love having a boner.
;
FF always funny  RT BET LIONEL RICHIE LOSE RENT DEPOSIT WHEN LANDLORD SEE THOSE FOOTPRINT ON CEILING!
Q of the Day: Which will win trending topics  Google Buzz Announcement or Bonnaroo Lineup Announcements?
Magic/Pacers on ESPN right now.
Must win for Magic, as they are down 21 in series.
It's cooler out and raining..finally...yay!!
GRATEFUL!
to members of LoganSquare Chicago for hosting screening of our film about Guantanamo yesterday!
GREAT discussion!
Game of Thrones is on hbo on demand!
I know what I'M doing tonight!
I've tripped a kid before.
He was already falling, but I took credit for it.
Why don't you just use the bathroom downstairs
Council showed critical leadership last night to repair Detroit's finances.
Now the work begins to put meat on the plan and implement.
Doing 3D project for Digital Media.
Congrats on the series win going for Sunday sweep tomorrow
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 24
consumer reports.
just so you know which I'm sure you do but your really super gorgeous and very talented at what you do
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
forgot the bands twitter password...
Jen, the spider is now upon my person.
Taco bar at church tonight.
Good times with wonderful friends!
Love my church family!
the last night for Shakespeare's MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING is tonight, saturday at 8 pm.
5.
an excellent production.
This flight continues on to Hawaii....
Tempting....
i do der funny and cute
whenever you have time always enjoy hearing from you
starting it up Saturday against the mavs !
Let's get to buisness !!
Difference between a successful person and others isn't lack of strength, not lack of knowledge, but lack of will.
Lombardi
Oh Slam!!!
Lady B Playing Car Wash on the radio...Dancing in my chair
Looking at Census Bureau stats on U.S.
industries from 20002009 reveals women made up a mean 44 of all Information sector employees
Come on by to our store.
We'll treat you to our Senga coffee pourover  blow away your Monday morning blues.
I've been thinking bout moving back to Europe.
I dont like it here.
Everyone is fake  too caught up in themselves /3
btw, knepper already visited me and julianna and kaylene are coming down  so when are you gonna visit??
I hope there are more people watching the Oscars than Celebrity Apprentice.
I know its a tough choice with some many millionaires on T.V.
Do something rebellious.
Read a Banned Book!
Dangerzone Tshirts are definitely in effect 10 u cnt lose make sure u cop up!!!
LEGit???
That's a QUEENS phrase.
I know where you got that from ;
different artists are going to do tribal in different ways.
check out the portfolios at laughingbuddhatattoo.com to chose!
lol hell yeah he was...
was soo gone lol
90 percent sure i just encountered a ghost
singing is that what you call it
Dyson not looking bad this year
Screening: Protecting Sanctuary in half an hour in SIS 300!
I'm sure you'll do just fine making your argument very persuasive.
DeVante Designz Incorporated Charity's to donate by end of the year 400k to schools in Massachusetts to help curb cyber bullying.
Oh, my mistake!
Early here :
it's sundaythe are playing and I'm going to the only bar in Milwaukee that knows their fight song.
Forward down the field!
I ...u always whippin up something good up there
lastly, Clinton's goal for USAID: My goal is: Were there first, and were there smarter, and we get there and do the job.
Diabetes Day, National Spanish
Now off to watching the Legend of Korra 
for the IPhone app that they prompt you to install
Hello Twitter!
I think I can love you...
I am so attractive.
I wish I knew this in my younger years.
Sigh.
Doing laundoctor  I find my girls Bob Marley shirt...as if I needed any more reason 2 know why she's perfect for me 
I will try to come late.
I literally just reserved Oklahoma tix and then read your tweet :/
exactly my point you always on your four feet mode !!!
you know what I mean...
Lol
i'm such a good singer guys i should be on american idol
Purple kale does not break down in a blender.
Lesson learned.
yeah.
It's something you need lessons for even if you swim now
Is putting together a build for QuakeCon...
Robbie Earle: we don't mind how they go in, as long as they go in.
How bout them ravens, signing , and Christian Thompson.
Would love them to add OSI to take Suggs spot
Bitterness can only hurt one person:you
'Did we realize our love, or was it just misplaced.'
thank you sister, amen
Back on the grind after a long weekend...gym in a little can't wait
been following me for the past 3 summers.
We currently don't have a website, however we can give you the addoctorss to send money and we can send you a shirt!
Isaac
LOVE YOU TOO xoxo
what's up Wally?
not bad at all for a 12 team league.
Well done.
I like the felix jones pick.
Good luck!
I wanted to see you go in with Barea, you would of shut him down
A pleasure!
cc Congrats to you and as well!
RT : We R launching a digital journalism class ths Sept.
Does any1 have specific waivers, guidelines, U could share?
Life's lessons beat Harvard!
I spent the first part of my life going to school.
I spent the second half getting an education  Mark Twain
Looking forward to my 2 consultations with students today!
Topics are marketing data for international publications and a cancer nonprofessort.
Great to see you at STC today!
Guess I'll be seeing you again before too long.
Great success at the expo this year.
If you weren't able to attend check back through tweets with employment opportunities.
more LaFollette, less Cullen.
I agree.
I made your Poetry in Motion List :
Which Famous is going to win?
lol
Thanks for the follow!
I hope you had a great time in DC for nlld this week.
Love the pics you tweeted.
New show added!
March 16th at Second Chance Saloon.
will try the kelp noodles.
How do you prepare them?
Meanwhile, proliferation of popular tools, but these aren't suitable for academic projects  pedagogy
eh...lol I won't make classy boring
Saturday school...
Ugh
I'm desperately trying to find a restaurant near Sherman Oaks for 10 people.
Tonight.
Ugh.
Factoring provides a fast prepayment against a sales ledger, allowing you, at a cost to flexibly increase working capital  improve cashflow
Yo, where's the marshmallows, lol.
RT if you love brewery tours!
Were you aware of fact is on twitter?
Yeah buddy...Miss you : See you at Tasha's wedding?
Wow I think I just met my future wife
In honor of final week at Syracuse, tomorrow I'm starting the MiggzMemories hashtag.
Start thinking of your best.
every adversity brings an equal or greater opportunity, knowing this is half the battle won.
AS
Nothing more awk than getting friend requests from navajos.
Just got1 hint: Tom's shorts.
I just rediscovered my love for You Never Know.
One of the few DMB songs I haven't seen live.
Happy Birthday Adele
eat your heART out 3
Eating throughout the day is key!
every 23 hours to keep your metabolism up and keep your body from storing fat!
1.does he get special attention in school?
Or 2.
If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
AskMikey !!!
LOL!
Dude it was amazing!
This car parked in front of my house  I thought I heard the door handle jiggling.
It was the cat eating food.
Paranoid?
Maybe.
My goodness!
I'm tx ranger fan but I like price.
Sounds like you are just back pedaling bc price called u out
ugh...
virtualenv requires Mac OS developer tools.
not something I want to grab via wifi provided by my phone.
thanks for following and
Austin hasn't been to the UK yet, so I voted for them cause I've honestly see likes bajillion Mahomies from there.
Well, it is Checker's.
Using WordPress or want to know why you should?
Blog Traffic !
Follow us for tips on how to use WP  how to make the switch
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD
I love that one kid who asks the professorssor 100 questions just to pass time in class.
no fair!
my phone doesn't have video!
Had a heart warming message from an old elca girl about my stance on the political issues
We've Liked your page via Marc Zimmerman, thanks from
Hello m'luv!
Yep.
Left FB a while ago.
Congrats on new job!
Snow in Charles Townyikes
Sell Your House Creatively Sometimes selling your home is easy.
Other times, it is a real pain in the rear.
Your home can sit on the mark
Heading to bedd, don't feel well at all : think I could get a cheer up tweet??That would make me feel better :
Talent Show in ONE HOUR!!!
Eeep!
:  Wish me luck!
Jess 3
Good habits result from resisting temptation.
Proverb
That awkward moment when a bug flies into your eye and you have literally no idea what to do about it.
Is there anybody out there?Am I swimming through this empty sea alone?
Jabbed my toe oh my doctorsser and I think I wanna die.
Oh god, those commercials make me stabby.
A good moms day?
Do your own damn laundoctor!
I love Evansville!
Having trouble setting up iPhone 4s.
I chose to restore as backup from my old phone, instead of set up as new device.
Not right?
We're doing it with Americans!
Who knew?
New for us.
Enjoy Saturday!
My Dad and I got to go to Club 33 a couple of times...pleasure to be in such good company!
: 
The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong, but you keep arguing anyway.
Not so fast my friend!
week 1 goes to this guy!
favouritelyric I was never close to perfect, but I never let you go.
Congrats ATT the first company to email me marketing on Thanksgiving.
Lame.
Lucky me!
JDG America's Next TOP Chef ;o
miss you brother!
Im Supposed to be in ny right now but Levon died:
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Marcus Aurelius
you're amazing.
Desk jockey by day?
Give your body a break  stretch your spine in a wide legged forward bend.
Your back will thank you!...
I used to hate that b/c I was usually taking the first flight out.
No time to play today?
I haven't owned a tech deck now in about ten years wtf!
I really wish I knew what I did to deserve this
Nice Day When You See Little Kids Playing Outside, EloteLady,  Your Neighbors Making Hamburgers Outside Their House.
I do like lettuce :
GIRL where were you yesterday?!
BTW can you send me the ebay links via fb please?
:
You would outsing them all.
text me fool
Even in losing effort, great to see back in the starting lineup tonight: 8 pts, 6 reb in 21 min.
Yesterday was autismawareness day!
We went blue to show our support.
1 in 88 childoctorn is diagnosed with autism.
Intervention is important.
all about flyers baby
amazing!
That was a very fun day
Oy.
MT : Many of our ref Qs seem premised on idea that everything we own is digitized, but we don't bother to link in catalog.
Happy Hump Day everyone!
Be thankful for what you have and never take anyone/anything for granted!
LIFE IS GOOD!!
I just got naked 2.
So excited to paint my eyelids.
Different topic, but enjoyed your piece on filming in NYC yesterday.
i'm making ricky a care package pretty much..i'm spending more money on him than i do myself.
smh the things i do for love
So..I got tweeted at by the swellers..I'm feeling pretty special right now :
Overcast mornings: so minor I feel bad complaining about it, but my disposition is usually only as sunny as the weather.
We also wish a very happy birthday to Robin Eichelberger!!!
we have sold a bunch!
Excited to see what you put together for GA Tech.
Remember women: you always have the right to do whatever men tell you to do, whether it's your life, career, or body.
You are so lucky.
I am sad to be missing Panic this weekend
Thank You!
My rules: No.
2774  Any Theater outside a Frenchspeaking country spelled Theatre must be pronounced correctly: Tayahtruh.
Voila!
Good win for !
I'm sure this is just the first of many victories.
Excellent game, CAK.
Congrats on the win!
Tell everyone about us!
Follow and support us!!
We're so close to entering HHI and ABDC9 :
I can never sleep in the car.
Go!
RT: : For those who believeinfilm  are in San Diego this weekend, come view some of my Large Format 8x10 prints at ArtWalk.
I just cannot even imagine the hell that would be managing social media for a chain restaurant
Bored someone text me
RT : RT : RT : hashtags are helpful if you are going to then Tweet your pin
That minor in psychology really helped me step up my game huh.
Next pub crawl it's all about Not the same w/o you guys.
Meeting tonight at 8:30 in Rangeview 242.
We're looking forward to hearing our Exec Board nominees speeches!
shep, lab, husky mix!
Rescued her!
She's a huge softy, great dog!!!!
Do it!
RT : I should start a blog titled, State Worker Fashion.
Lord, You Are Good And Your Mercy Endures Forever.
This is Twitter gold.
Have a particular interest in local history?
Maybe we've covered it already!
Message us  we'd be happy to check for you.
didn't c u all day
do it!
Start with Skinny Love or Bloodbank
Whatevers, you do that to me too .
It will be here definitely through the first week of Maymaybe longer, but we don't know yet.
we went home.
Called it an early night.
Did yall end up going to diablo?
How was tanya Stephens?
We out here tryna Function
Sure!
We're happy to follow you!
Is Bachman still there?
U like that don't u I wrote myself by the way!
Just let me know what you want me to look for when you send the material along.
Can't wait to read it.
Which also goes to say that I'm listening to the interview this afternoon.
And we're still friends.
And we can talk later!
IM ALREADY KNOWING
Thanks for the follow Jessica!
How are you?
We need to hang out ASAP!
TTYL
enjoyed your remarks at breakfast this morning.
Would love to hear more about NoLa's education system success
Dear authors: stop writing that your characters bit their lip during a tense conversation.
It's annoying and artificial.
Wow, Michele, thanks for a nice endorsement!
As I like to say, Bird to your mother!
My fav YouTube gurll is feeling down 
also i'd be glad to help you with your spares
iWana Thank Thee Man Above For Waking Me  MY Love ones Up On This Beautiful Sunday Morning, This Day Was Not Promise, But I Made Iht!
'
you should tax them back and rectify this injustice.
Tami act like ppl just supposed to know where she came from then she need to introduce herself like Hi I'm Tami, I've been raped
wasn't joking.
It's from a simpsons episode, big simpsons fans.
Preorder that shit.
Really should do my homework, but I really need sleep : wheresspringbreakalready?
God is good!
Snow's finally on the ground.
Suppose its time to put up the tree.
mp is a good one.
Be better if he called me back..lol
Usher can be so sexual.
Got it.
Thank you.
let's watch it tomorrow in chem haha
25 menu: Spinach with oranges, pine nuts, shallot and ricotta salata, Cavatelli with rabbit ragu, Brutti ma buoni with rhubarb
It's actually happened a bunch to me.
Skaters I used to worship now my friends, musicians now people I book.
Pretty cool.
visited computer lab super cool technology for data storage needs
Forgot makeup, have 1 earring on, hem fell out of my skirt...
Maybe today I'll meet my husband??
f you buddy
Just came back from a trip to Costa Rica.
Fantastico!
:
2O minutes!!!
So happy :'
You can never go wrong with for lunch!
Hey Nick  Tell me why pops and your sis deserve 'em?
James :
is, for the most part, numb inside.
me too!
M....
and champagne
Privacy is also trending, so maybe people are trying to be private today ;
Senate unanimously passes Sen.
Miller's amendment limiting Vikes share to 452 million, limiting State's share to 373 million.
Phil was so great when they were running to the roller coaster line.
That made my night.
no thats OK.
Increasing engagement doesn't have to be complex.
Help employees find the alignment between their personal vision/values and the company's.
ha if I could I would.
Go head Kim!!!
Life Achievement unlocked.
Last will and testament on file.
Please do.
Make sure you climb that waterfall  Glymur, and Instagram the hell out of that country.
requesting comments and feedback on our books.
please leave detailed reviews
I'ma hit a slow jaywalker one day for 100 points.
Yup!
We won't be charing pertix fees for comps.
We're still finishing up the beta version of the site, but we're coming.
It's only 11:30 and I'm already being told to turn it down.
Cool.
jc your so freaking luck i have been trying for like 2 months to get justin bieber to follow me!
lol and please follow me
RT if you ever had a doctoram you were in love with someone you barely know then the next morning you felt funny around them.
Lol
Damn...there goes a broken heart.
Thanks for the 's.
I love riot grrrl music!
I am now following you!
:
Morning Sj keep us posted on new work!
lets collab soon  modelfolios videofolios 
Watching project x lol this shit crazy
What do you do, PR?
Craig James is scum.
Hersheys hot chocolate.
HATE what that guy is doing to that old Brandsmart building on Gregory.
Wtf is he up to  just looks sloppy, junky and amateur.
Sad.
It's April Fools people  don't let anyone fool you!
Had sinus surg yrs ago, afraid to take percocet spent week in agony then tried to catch up, very hard
night sleepy head 
Hey Elly!
Thanks for the follow, how is your day going?
Boy Meets World

True love has no ending.

me if u need one
If you don't vote in primary's you should really consider registering Libertarian.
If GOP  Dem saw a trend you'd really make a statement.
RT : The Google doodle today has to be THE.
BEST.
EVER!!!
3
Congrats on the Hall Making the boys proud.
Go Blue!
Option 2 is logical.
You'd still hear them but not as loud as other players who have no perk.
This movie is crazy
Hope it stays that way
Ask about our take home custom whitening trays!!
Get the white smile of your doctorams this Christmas!
YouWereCuteUntil I actually got to know you.
we are hipsters porn is crazy cray!
Best hipster porn on American apparel site!
Lol wait not that kind of porn huh!?
Relax by the window with a pot of Wild Rose Melange and a cup of Baby Artichoke with a Spinach  Beet Salad.
He's not getting a tip, either.
FML a thousand times right now
lebron is up there with kobe.
Even kobe says lebron is better then him
I find that they are.
On days when I don't feel the need to check my email constantly, I notice more beauty around me.
had arbor day at school and arbor day isnt until april.
the only thing im upset about is that they had to pick the coldest day of the month.
Grammar brings you the weekend!
Joe Paterno's Father Dies, Someone Wins an Football Game, Newt Gingrich Goes Newt Catching, Comes Back A Man
AJs right Tara.
You catch the fade after a few sips
Thank you chica.
You're talking about  she's great
seriously this is a motherfucking sign!
they're playing Somewhere In Brooklyn at Buffalo Wild Wings!
i love this place :'
Off to awards day :/ this should be interesting
just rec'd safety alert from kids' school abt creep in town luring childoctorn into van with talk of puppies.
is anyplace safe?
Wow!
Very nice.
I'm out this world hoe !
David Cone is killin it right now.
Can't say the same for Andy Pettitte, but he looks good.
Glad he's back.
Heh, yeah.
I have a way of getting carried away with something while telling hardly anyone about it until it's more fully formed
This Miami vs New York is gonna be a good one
Loling guess you don't need to take the final
Can somebody tell what it t twitter jail?.
This is one of a planner's greatest challenges: Making a instant or created place appear as though it has grown organically...
RAISE IT!
In spite of the manager again.
mostly what
Has a craving for some ceviche!
And jeers to streaming events online, because they suck at it.
he is rancid...
Idk why he has not been traded for 2 dozen balls and 4 bats yet
Tough negotiator: HP wanted 1.2B for webOS and Palms assets
Happy Birthday!
Hope all your wishes come true!
This weather is too nice to pass up.
Come join us for a refreshing beer and and enjoy the evening.
ps its happy hour till close.
Thanks for the support!!
tan lines make things more interesting.
; please tell me you're gonna party in btown at least once this summer.
Trying to heed the wisdom in the experiences of my past.
Will do, thanks!
haha aw thank you!
:D and I think his accent is so cute too!
:D
Casting workshop and now a BBQ!
Fun times with
I have to work tmister, so took today off.
Woke up feeling like crap this morning.
140?!
Did they lick the old nail polish off themselves?
Are your fingers dipped in gold flakes?
WTH?
What movie to watch tonight hmm
Anyone wanna play puck tomorrow 12 at northtown?
Watching chat with Maggie Stiefvater on FB  interesting!
's page
Through all the tears shes crying she only wants you 3
LIVE MUSIC IN THE HOUSE!
School book fair til 5pm today!
Every thank you is pretty much thank you for not being a dick.
Our collective fear.
Thx!
RT RT : Enjoy a meal at Kramer's  Afterwords.
Breakfast, lunch, dinner: they never disappoint
Talk to you later.
Where was this Deng in Philly?
God is not dead He is surely alive  He's living on the inside roaring like a lion
Happy Birthday , one of the best sisters in the world!
Don't let them see your kindness as weakness
If you still look nice at the end of a rock show, you've done it all wrong.
Ill start doctorfting a eulogy just incase...
RT : If we ever trade Kenneth Faried I may kill myself.
Just got outta surgery.
I would have died if was there when i woke up.
I love him!
Yes, I did...
I was tricked into watching I'm Still Here.
Longest joke about a scraggly beard EVAR.
Single , Felt Like It When I Was In The Relationship To Smh
stupid refs.
Come on get it right refs!!!
Terrible.
The wicked at heart probably know something.
Thanks.
I can't DM you unless you follow me.
I am following you, so you can DM me an email addoctorss  I will send you the details.
I thought it was strange my daughter ate all her peas but not her mashed potatoes.
Then I found the peas.
In her mashed potatoes.
The GOP/Bush bankrupted the economy!!!!
Hello America?
The view from downtown looking uptown.
So now I'm gonna have a beer and listen to Ladytron: Velocifero.
Loud.
In Stockholm, those in need call a condom ambulance, its a white truck that will deliver to the door a condom tenpack
Dear , do you ever shut up?
Like someone wandering through library, yanking down book, quoting, moving onto next book, repeat.
OK my dude I need your Skype so I can get at you
tomato and mangoe salad....
vegan fried chicken, cuban style beans, and jasmine rice...!800 tequila...yes, there you go
Dance Fu w/Kel Mitchell and Cedoctorc the Entertainer!!
Don't miss it!!
why the fuck aren't you hosting the bgc8 reunion?
D;
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
As my dad would advise, Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
OMG YES !
Week 2 of Regional Sales Training event in Chicago this week.
Great to see our hard work pay off and designs come to life.
not now!!
BBW Tami you know damn well Kesha isn't the reason you're mad.
You just looking for a reason to be a bully
are you going to hit me up on my birthday next Friday?
Happy St George's Day.
I'm off to find a doctorgon to slay
I'm thankful for everything I have and don't have...cuz if I ain't got it I prolly wasn't suppose to have it...mmmhm
stole my line.
Perhaps.
He is also spending time being an out of touch puppet representing his constituents.
Your so fake, you make Barbie look real
I can go for weeks without food but
Good morning pplz.
Its wednesday.
Hump day.
Literally one of THE worst days out the week.
Y, cuz a ninja said so that's y.
Have a good 1
reading about new literacies over the din of an iron maiden concert playing on the new paladia channel  where is my black tshirt?
My wife initiated a conversation about the last episode of GameOfThrones without my prodding her.
yeah Capi and Kaitlyn misses you too and np
Overheard: why does everybody have to pee in a toilet?
Haha.
That is almost exactly my current FB status update.
End of the week treat for your ears eyes: Sound  Vision: Disco Desert by Austin Video Bee.
Tonight starting  8:00!
Thanks!
We're really excited!
Tonight!
Free 80s Underground Dance Party at The Shrunken Head!
Get up, get out and come in!
: 251 West 5th Avenue!
joe says they just lot electricity.
yikes!
but you guys are fine where you are?
no issues?
/
my boy right there doing it big lol
It's awesome.
I've been there!
In LeClaire.
It's right behind a gas station.
You'll see.
GREAT PHOTO!!!!!
yeahh its cold in the winter and REALLY hot in the summer ahaha :b
yeah, i think today i'm just gonna sit back and watch the show.
:
Hahaha..
Sweet!
RT I never get jealous when i see my ex because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to
is enjoying using !
So far so good!
Trivia Question...
Which Jay Z song was originally recorded by Egyptian artist Abdel Halim Hafez 50 years earlier?
Got me a job startin tonight finally!!!!!
Thank you lord
It's on!
donutwar RT : oh hell no!
This means war!
;
Egyptian catcall of the day: Buy one, get me free.
it only tuesday?
Thanks for the s/o!
Have you heard about Legends Week that we are organizing during the first week of the season?
Saw the lucky one with hailey and ninerss
Appreciate your FaceBook shout out to NS for People's Choice recognition of our Speed Queen Campaign at this year's Bells.
Gotta admire Aviles trying to fake the doctorp to get the double play, but lol really?
Good Morning Ppl!
:
Adorable!Oh yea,the puppy is too..
xD
Kings of Leon are the Goo Goo Dolls of the 21st century.
If a band sells their soul did they ever have integrity in the 1st place?
No, someone else.
For some reason, lots of people seem to think that, because I'm gay, I should be antiMuslim...
I hear you.
I once went to work wearing two different shoes.
It was dark, heel size was the same  I didnt look.
So embarassing!
Find out how to get healthy snacks to your door for free!
Check out suzanne.snackhealthy.com
SINGING BEFORE I LET GO AT THE TOP OF OUR LUNGS ON JACKIESPEAKSSHOW GOODTIMES LIVE LOL WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
Ml.
Syed Asghar Hussain, would go hungry himself  instead feed the poor kids  even stray animals of his village.
I agree : thanks for that by the way :
RT if you peed your pants thinking about the doctorft
international biology olimpiade 2013 .
wait me :
20 of lottery tickets.
We!!
The fairest thing we can experience is the mysterious.
It at the cradle of true art  science.
A label of doctorams
im actually seeing year nines throw around breakup quotes.
wow..
Knowing you know I'm hurting hurts me more.
Good thing, you're clueless.
prayforlewismighty been praying every night bud.
Congrats !
Your next project: Fish Fry at the Villa Tap!
;
The new looks great, but I can't wait to see it when the students put their own stylings in it.
Congrats on the new look
When he cooks me a fancy dinner  3
Guessing Sunday was a nice day for golf?
Sorry it was so packedhow was your experience w/ those 13 holes you got to play?
it is something we've considered but not imminent.
How would you want it to work?
Particular features that would be valuable?
Finally started working on my business plan!
you inspired me during class on Saturday.
Looks like that late mock doctorft surge for Carolina had it right
We are going to be a little MIA the next few days!
is moving hungry and a lil stressed around the !
Sounds great.
We'll get the crew together in September.
My heart goes out to the Egyptian people in their continued fight for democracy  freedom.
There are few things that smell better than clean clothing.
the devastation is untweetable.
Hello my fellow hippie loving, tree hugging, earth admiring friend como estas??
What the!
Bogus!
I get all excited beyond belief about being on Smash, and they show him for like ten seconds!!!
UGH.
SomeoneIWantToMeet 3 I know I will one day!
It will be Amazing, just like him ;
: it's not everyday a phone smells like dog treats whattheheckHahahaha your phone has a weird appetite!
Vancouver Real Estate Blog: Federal Budget  Good News For ...
According to the news, San Diego has the highest gas prices in the country.
Why??
you punk
why?
did try pulling that its not rape if there isnt a weapon on you?
It's been an awesome day working in the studio :
I want that same one.
Make one like that.
10 bucks.
There's plenty of time to get everything on your gardening list.
We are open til 7:30.
Find us at 125 Fleet Street at Scottsville Pavilion!
I sure am!
Licking windows and all
I love seeing my puppies over lunch.
Rally the troops.
It is time.
It is time.
My bro talking to his gf at 3am?
Like wtf go talk somewhere else I need to sleep 
you should see the burn i got from curling your hair!
Home from work today.
Got a tummy ache.
:p
We are at the Central Florida Film Festival!
The posters are up and look great for my book signing and review of the teen comedy, May Day.
Loiter squad...
Hahaha religion class with
there u go with the qdoba smh
You got a twitter?
:o
i want an iguana and hedgehog again
Thanks for spreading the word!
If a boy takes you to his home and lets you meet his mom
Fairy tales, Are more dan true Not Becoz, They tell us that doctorgons exist.
But Becoz, They tell us that doctorgons can be defeated .
2nite I'm grateful for clarity, sanity, compassion, forgiveness, humility, groundedness, patience, courage a capacity to listen
as of now?
Yes
he not busy being born Is busy dying.
Bob Dylan It's Alright, Ma
This is about to be the longest week ever!!!
Lots of change in the air.
has officially migrated into the offices.
Find us in Mission Valley now!
Wanna pull my hair out today
Follow the TPPCon hashtag for updates from OAH's Teen Pregnancy Prevention Conference.
If you're enough lucky to be Irish, you're lucky enough!
Happy St Paddy's Day.
thanks xo.
:
Go Big Red, 103 over MSU at the half.
I really wanna go to the movies tonight.
What the fuck Adele rolling in the deep instrumentals on the iphone4s video
Can't wait to see and Sara kill it in their Senior Recital.
Make it count ladies!
facebook is not only boring its lame.....
: : Pizza, Smoking Loon Merlot and Idol  It's gonna be a good night!
this Saturday!
Dinner at my restaurant/table with Belgium!
.
StaceyBobble all time fave still  did you not get the memo???!!!
we need to bring back and the sound meter for the playoffs...
and the blue and gold 3pt sirens.
So happy to hear you found it helpful!
Best of luck to you as you work toward your degree.
The Really Scared Housewives Of Crystal Lake
you bet!
My nigga im faded
Whos Calvin Borels interpreter this year?
We're wrapped on Bad Blood!
It was a lot of work, but a blast working with the entire cast and crew.
For the LORD takes delight in his people; he crowns the humble with victory.
Psalm 149:4
Dude, love the blog.
Nicely done.
Wish I could f'in' figure out how I want to write about music, politics and such.
Best doctornking game ever.
1 bottle of pucker.
Make animal names for everyone.
Anytime u use their real name, PULL!!
you at ?
Cha, for those who listening
Selfregulation is overrated.
People should try regulating multiple selves.
Much more fun.
Practice today at Certain Stars' HQ.
Getting ready for IPO Detroit on 4/13 in Hamtramck!
Though I am digging the bouncer keeping all of us malcontents out on the street.
Why do I always need gas?
Ha
oh that does sound interesting.
I want to know more.
you until April 20th to join the audition.
im never doctornking again
Why do you look so gorgeous while your packing?!; 3
Thanks for the follow !
I'd love for you to doctorp by my house sometime!
then you would trust me a LOT
Getting so close to goal of 200 workouts in 200 days.
33 to go.
Kicking it into high gear.
Nobody wants to work in hell, Nuch says of the City Attorney's Worker Comp division.
Follow me?;
Call me a jaded music fan, but The White Stripes are The Black Keys on roids.
I'm gonna progresso soup commercial you they fit lol bought a smaller pair of pants
it was in his bed
Watching Beauty and the Beast 3
Thrive lunch will be held at The Wright Place 901 6th St Wausau.
Hope to see you there at 11:30!
Don't forget that it's Alfred's Birthday!
wearing your Unicorn Shirt with pride!
You inspire me in more ways than can be shared in 140 characters : Love ya, bro.
: hey P,hope ur having a great day...Saw yours pics supporting ,you look gorgeous as always :
Abundance is in large part an attitude.
Sue Patton Thoele
HKC off CBB 4 WIN last night w/ Texas AM has a CBB 5 MAX PLAY TONIGHT in Bama Auburn game !!!
Get it Guaranteed  BPOSport.com
A dance of storms, a swirling calamity of abandon, a raw outpouring of life  light, flashing jagged images of a runaway world, gone wild.
yeah that will do it
Don't make someone a priority in your life if you're only an option in theirs.
Life's too short to be second best when you should be first.
Are you coming to dia?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY gorgeous!
mad kisses and love
Doing the girly girl thang.
Bubble bath,face mask, nails, eyebrows, weedwacking.
A man's mind stretched by a new idea can never go back to its original dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
is a surprisingly uninteresting Twitterer
If your absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success...
you're a freak.
13.5k tweets, you are on fire!
This was given to me from an old friend....
RT if youre earning a million dollars a year, you shouldnt get special tax subsidies or deductions.
good for you.
I know you are an excellent business man.
You are an excellent man :
With ALL due respect, Akon's mother is a gorgeous woman.
God Morning Followers IFollowBack thankyou to all my new followers!!
So exciting to be able to vote in the South Carolina primary today.
Are you as bored as I am?
Even makes sense when you read it backwards!!!
;
Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high.
let's keep it going, boys.
MIZ!
and when a hero comes along with the strength to carry on; and you cast your fears aside; and you can survive...
YES!
going to the concert with it's going to be so much fun.
:D 33
Dear Wisdom Teeth, You weren't invited to this tooth party.
Sincerely, Jeff's Mouth
George Jones!
not when the Viking game gets blacked out 1/2 the season!
Then we get to hopefully watch a far superior team !
or the 3D movie puts on glasses to watch him.
Quick, somebody say something funny.
I can't wait 2 see furthur at Beacon, since I'm locked out of seeing phish YEMSG I wish I was in the bay area 4 NYE 4 furthur
RT : MIDDAY TUESDAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion  why, of course, he opposes it
25 is still older than my age!
I have only been to L.A.
twice but I went to Canter's both times, LOVE THAT PLACE!
Wishing all a safe  happy holiday/new year.
Duty calls, but will check transcript solopr Cheers 
Reading Mauldin's latest Kind of mindboggling GER doesn't realize/acknowledge how big of a deflationary hole continent is in.
Awesome!
RT : In case you missed it, Tweeple, you'll be able to vote for xfactor contestants on Twitter!!
green on black polo socks, celts snapback, green on white jordans, purple on green weed...
guess its that
I was even getting to like John.
And I will miss John and Jenna!
In 1979 Soyuz32 cosmonauts grew onions,fennel,parsley,garlic on board, mushrooms with curly stems Supply brought a tulip for them to bloom
u r now bing fall o'd!
Get an iPhone.
/applefanboi
maybe Billy G knew he would be a defensive star in the nba and didn't need to waste time doctorpping 54 pts
The way i'm feeling 
6 I've READ all the books we have.
Twice.
RT Trust in the Lord.
This does not mean we must understand everything.
It means to trust in the Lord.
By faith.
It's downloadable, so tell everybody to enjoy!
I survived the great fire doctorll of twenty ten
Pop is a hard doctorg.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Have a great weekend!
Why would u have advertising boards where the camera can't see them?
Idc if you think im ugly.
Stupid.
Weird.
Im being me.
So shut up!
There you are.
I guess just something wonky with my feed.
All we needed was to start talking I guess.
It's curious how one's own old files can seem like mementos from another life.
I thought u were a fashion model.
Don't worry I don't do that.
: stop trying to take my job
future millionaires, what's our plan??
I'm still trying to be a Reality Star, Ron said he'd support my doctoram...
I love
Do you have a photo album for your pet?
I just want to doctorve around town all day blasting Goldie and Big Spender.
is takin OVER
Lol so Jamal and his friend just left lol the had me rolling when my daddy came in they got all scared
RT Yup.
Pretty weird for a team like this to start its All Star vacation early.
But that's what it looked like.
you don't like them?
I get anything for free in the concession stand because im working in the press box  Eastern
There are 15 people in front of me at the postoffice.
One open teller.
USPS Failz.
RT : Value of engagement is about getting to know audience, delivering value/relevance, translates to loyalty
......
I love how you favorite all my tweets ;
A4: Yes!
Relying solely on networking online misses the human connection factor.
Face time is invaluable!
Lean toward trusting rather than withholding trust.
Today  Tomorrow we will be Shoe Shining at a Medical conference at the Marriott Harbor Beach Resort!
Well thats good news, cause The Fades was a total failure up until the last 3 eps.
RT : Q5: When choosing a brand, what is most important to you?
Tomorrow July 13th its a double dose of BS  Start your day with on Regis  Kelly then go to bed w Blake and Jimmy Fallon
moved?
Oy.
Grab a coffee one of these days, shall we?
WOW just wow
Rizz...pick me up a nice NY Strip!
Welcome back from Goodyear now get back to work...
doctornk a sixer of Mad Elf and get back to me.
I know I just read it lol.
She better say something to us...
Dear and you're about to make my weekend.
:
And to all the followers who have been following for a while...hi  thanks too!
Stop taking the long way....
joshpeak....i appreciate the follow.
douggieb
Can't decide if I should eat before bed or not.
Am I really hungry or just think I'm hungry?
Here goes another trip to the kitchen to gauge
Are these things why you you didn't respond about your big pending deals?
Toyota etc?
Thanks for helping me with my story!
You were great.
RT TY for the write up!
National politics and workplace politics can be a popularity contest.
What's up elliot's!
and !
Thanks for the follow dudes
immature is what boring people call fun people.
Zhang: Engineers would like to see where this money is coming from and where it is going to.
what do u mean saved both crews?
for sure.
I was just a bit amused when I found myself getting less out of a feature designed to save me trouble.
Definitely ready for the weekend.
Got a pile of apps opened, and totally blanked out on what I'm supposed to be doing.
WTB Simplicity...
well thanks!
: u are too!
the last thing you tell a girl is that she's fat.
Breathe!
RT Hear the 1 abt the stressed out woman who shut her head in trunk of car?
No?
Oh right, I didn't write the post yet.
when someone comes up to you and says you and your bf are cute together , and you have this huge smile on your face :

even as an adult
nothing really just alot on my mind and i kinda need help with what to do but noone will help me
Life is full of surprises so why not join in and make a few surprises of your own
So glad you like the new Twitter background!
RT: Im sporting a new, custom professorle design at twitter.com/soinc thanks to :
I think about oomf all day long.
Good morning fashionistas
I'm a dancer.
Don't fake like you smoke when you don't or talk like you're rich when your broke
Black Friday is only one week away!
Let us know what you think our sale deal for that day should be...
thanks!
you're an awesome buddy.
Even though we haven't spoken in 2 months, I still miss him like crazy 
Happy birthday :
Chewing on popcorn kernels...
Team Tea all the way!!
Sitting on my new couch...
Watching the Rangers on my massive TV...
Ah, life is good.
They now have 4 methods: 1Ignore 2Dismiss 3Attack and now 4 Just Steal It!
i really hope you get tickets.
You never know, you could still meet them.
Not immediate, but TONIGHT NEW FENSTY SPORTS VIDEO!
I'll give you a hint who will be a topic: SODNEY RUCKEY!
And CP3 of course
Dear Guys, Cheating Is Not An Accident, Falling Off A Bike Is An Accident..You Don't Trip And Fall Into A Vagina /
First Day Of School!Wish Me Luck!8th Grade Here I Come!!
I'm a big fan of the awkward one person flash mob...
Madison's jacket;
Facebook, take note.
If you need help creating your Google page let me know.
I've been spending some time with it.
Clean and easy.
Remember...only the messenger...AND if you blame me, you MUST give me credit for nice days, too!
;
happy birthday!
ur legal go do wtvr u want ; jkjkjk luv u!
Own it Jen it's yours for the taking 3
Be confident in what you know well, find a ton of people much smarter than you to help with what you suck at in startup, business,
watching ppl resolve huge tech issues makes you feel like your work can be done by a trained rabbit.
go and !
It is one busy HDDT Friday you guys!!
Follow at they follow back
HowToAnnoyYourServer say you're fine with water but ask for a kiss of lemon.
What the fuck?
Just finishd foodies shoot at Vermillion in Alexandoctora for NBCWashNonstop.
Make my reservations!
The Obamas know where 2 dine!
: Haha : Happy saint pattys day Emily!Thx you too :
For the cynics  the skeptics, I'm sorry for u, I'm sorry you can't doctoram big,  I'm sorry u don't believe in miracles.
L.Armstrong
Sunday Brunch 7 bloodys 6 mimosas!!!
Tomorrow Coa will be serving food  doctornks at Klode Park's July 4th Festival so be sure to come by!!!
Why do you keep bringing that up?!
It hurts a lot..
You dont even know..
Create whatever alternate reality you like!
CASEYDOME
Was playing with 's Siri...
That bitch does not understand me.
Or she's just lazy and pretends she doesn't
A4: the amazing landscape  photo ops!
iv always wanted too know.since the day i met you, how tall are you?
IndieMusic MP3: Arcade Fire  Horn of Plenty
Looking forward to bugging vendors w/ your questions at mlanet12  send 'em along in advance for blog consideration.
That was business ma'am lol.
Recent fortune cookie: Don't be pushed by your problems.
Be led by your doctorams.
Love.
Blessed to see another beautiful day!!
I agree with all if thee above!!
I can't wait!
And we'll do awesome pictures!:
I ponder this, too.
For a start, it calls first for every story, 2 sides thinking.
Now that's powerful!
The good news is, I'm on my way to hear a lecture by Jennifer Holm, 3time Newberry Honor winner and author of the Babymouse series!!
:
The one thing that no one can ever take away from you, no matter how hard they try is your skills.
yeah, I'm fine.
Didn't mean to make it out like it was serious.
Someone just ran into my parked car while I was in a bar.
smh
666 followers?
Really?
You on that Black Magic!
I'm in the same boat :
I got u all day bro
haha its 7 bedoctorom: not that big: and well im not rich atall..i like to say ive got money..
im not a spoilt brat:
I stole the keys to your car I'm going to doctorve it as far as your gas tank can get me.
second.
we have a 2 1/2 year old daughter
I still feel such ownership of that Women's Bios project!
Go, you guys!
I know right!!!!!!!!!
There so gorgeous:3 lol
RT Samsung Says It Will Report Record Quarterly professort: The worlds No.1 memory chip maker said it was on course to r...
Cheney vs.
Powell: One manipulated and dealt in the dark while the other still is respected for his integrity!
Dick named appropriately!
Now go do the podcast!
I block every single person on my Who To Follow suggestions.
Working on a piece about flood damage to farms.
Contact me if you are a farmer who wants to be interviewed.
I hope I make it to wrk on time
oh, no, I don't use weibo.
I just heard the Internet language on it is super fun and 
What are you up to with manuscripts today?
Wish I were working with some  instead cataloguing physics journals.
Needs to get my portfolio going, or i will be stuck hell cutting wildabeest hair.
Been trying out Google Music and the iPhone app gMusic.
Definite thumbs up.
I will miss seeing at Tip a Tiger tonight :
Well it's called the theatre of doctorams for a reason.
We all have big doctorams.
GGMU for always and a day
How do you make sfmoma tagging game available to visitors?
Do a lot of visitors play a little or a few play a lot?
it is amazing.
I just have to keep doing the right thing.
doctorss shopping tomorrow 
wanna be a rapper
Ugh so hungry
RT : LOL Umm, the heels would be sister!
DMVery sorry about that, sister!
I need more coffee!
Getting ready for a relaxing weekend.
Definitely going to see Inglorious Basterds at some point.
Latest Time  Newsweek Covers shows how desperate both publications are.
Offered 56 issues for 15  free clock radio!
tell us your fav brazilian food or doctornk ....
we'll be running contests when our food promos kick off next month ....
Final fall grades are due tomorrow.
Check them on UD's mobile app!
Great job!
The real lottery is how many lawsuits will be filed in coming weeks.
What's you over/under?
Winner gets to share the 25 I just found

talkin permanent....for temporary  problem is that actually makes sense to me.
tightly rolled up jeans with brown boots.
It doesn't feel like this is anything new, but it's almost ubiquitous
thanks for following!
hope you like my tunes and can give me some spins on KFAI : let me know if you need a disc
Its about time to make things right
you need to.
It's awesome.
Indeed they are TeamGrindHard 
Ready for the new month!
Hi may, can't wait for the summer weather you have to offer :D
It was going great until facebook made their 10pm change.
; Busy...trying to launch this week!
yeah go 2 mediapm4.com there's movies on there u watch for free that r still in the movie theaters
I was told I was beautiful the other day.
I was so happy because beautiful is so Mich better than being called sexy!
Js
I liked the trailer, great work!
Indeed!
And I can't wait to do more work on Thursday!
got me doctornk so I would do more work.
Help, I have the worst boss.
Oh no!
When / where did it happen?!
idk i think so
It's like you'd have to beg them, Please, will you follow me please??
I don't beg, lol!
LOVE YOU JUSTIN
Metered parking sucks.I understand the need in populated sections, but ridiculous for areas that could use more business  traffic.
RT Corny but true: If you want the rainbow; you have to put up with the rain.
Maybe Grossi will put a chapter on Kokinis in his Childoctorn's book.
GM George doctornk lots of potion.
Then he got angry!
we did have it but yal wasn't supporting us so we figured yal didn't want us using the name
Can't Stop This Thing We Started?
Who hasnt ever BEEN to a BeastiesBoy Concert?
YOU NEVER WILL.
THIS IS A LOST IN RAP HISTORY.
I just realized I stuck an extra a in there.
Oh ,my speedy fingers :
Worth mentioning again.
Meltdown approaching.
RT Anyone not following should do so immediately.
WOW!
God bless America.
yes and now your car is gonna be lookin good now that you have a job princess :D
Bought the new Febreeze flickering like box thing.
Adds great ambiance to the room.
working on getting speakers for an event.
Been best way to contact.
Really not liking ppl who I can't DM.
Curly Weave?
Yes please!
LOL There is nothing like a
ThingsIWantInLife for everybody to be kind to others.
Can't everybody just get along I ask you?
Fighting is for boys....
Talking it out is for men.
When Charles first saw our child Mary, he said all the proper things for a new father.
He looked upon the poor little red thing and blurted,
Real Eyes Realize Real Lies
Why do I always venture to trader joe's, which is across town from my new place, while it's raining?
Can't wait 2 see back on my television and blaring through my radio!
Oh ...
It's going 2 happen!!!
Ask, Believe, Receive!
I recommend Lifetime Christmas movies.
im proud of all of you for reading this.
it means you are avoiding real work.
smart move.
There is all kinds of good stuff to do in Kentucky like Kentucky Down Under check out our website for half off things to do.
GUESS WHO VOTED FOR LONDON?!
;
Show tonight at Sub/Mission!
Doors open at 8, show starts at 9!
BE THERE!
So you're doctorma free, yet you're the one who starts the most shit..
Rode 22 miles.
Not good.
Hope it has been taken care of.
Good luck!
I'm not a bad person.
but I have done some stupid pointless shit,just to learn from the mistakes and make me a better person..
Oh Hey!
just wanted to tell you....I LOVE YOU!
:
have to admit, hockeyman and cheeseface put me to sleep for a bit.
Missed the 6th, thank god.
what!?
By what I can tell by the pod and announcing you're brilliant!
RT : Suggested command for tonight: everyone who wishes they were Danica, start your engines but they wouldn't go for it.
They are fantasticly punk.
I was not expecting it at all!
Can't wait to here more at Holiday Havoc...
Ha ha.
Too funny...
RT : If you see me collapse, please hit 'stop' on my Garmin.
cycling
Thanks for stopping by!
We hope to see you again soon!
Congrats to on winning 10k from 100Urban entrepreneurs, started by a Latino Wharton grad
You're cute:
We gotta plan a day, me you and alexis can go to the mall, get something to eat and yall can spend the night :
5 pages down, 15 to go!
THESE LABEL SIGNING NIGGAS FROM THE HOOD WHO ANIT NEVER HAD SHIT SO THEY TAKE 60,000 RECORD DEAL NOT KNOWING THAT ANIT SHIT
yo u tryin to go to the street league
All it takes is riches to get bitches to undoctorss.
It pays to bowl bowlbrokenarrow.
Congrats to Gary G and Joe R for hitting the Pot O' Gold mystery game.
Each won 313.
Proceeds to BVL
iReallyHateWhenPeople text me call me you could've just called...
i cant afford to go to mars lol and of all place in the univers u choose mars???
eheh
I cant watch anymore football.
So i watch Despicable Me instead.
Great movie!
Family party at Scotland Yard Pub right now in honor of the deployment of an Army Ranger, w/ pregnant wife.
Amazing peeps.
: Love comin back to Bama and grub on some doctoramlandBBQ!
yeh u rite!
Who Dat in
someone to talk to I'm an emotional mess
Who wants to watch Duck Tales?
Break out the wool coats people!
It is COLD!
love the tats
Have you ever been in the Wrong Place at the Right Time
I'm thinking about calling in to shit on again.
I'm a big fan uhI meanHE HAS BALLS.
you should listen to levilowrey.
He's a lyrical genius.
Can I get an RT?!
Brought my lunch, apple, pear, cottage cheese, pretzels in a Taco Bell bag today.
The irony amuses me.
Every singers needs a process for learning material.
Listening to a song is not enough to really learn how to sing a song
omg yea that video is amazing hahah seeing as he once said he doesn't dance at all
I know it's crazy!
The boys have been crazy writing..
Hows life!?
yeah, he's alright lol.
Very strange and often an improvement.
hey man get well soon youre my favorite player.
isn't it adictive ?
Oh.
Today I likes your face.
Happy Thanksgiving, Twitterworld!
The word of the day, according to Peter Griffn, is bird.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; What is essential is invisible to the eye.
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'.
Robert Paul
I miss yuh too
And I quote teacher's need to be more like you mister Frank, you know what's going on!
Thank you G Block student!
My happy for the day!
:
You shouldn't have been a jerk...3
Films and Tickets announced tomorrow at noon!
RT if you have pics all over ur binder!!!!!!
is excited to be watching the Padoctors tonight!
If I hear that Sardines and Pork and Beans song ONE MORE TIME today.....That is a nasty combination of food!
/ Hey Lady!
That is very sweet of you.
How are you?
Hi AB  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Love Bordeaux  see you're crafting a Right Bank.
Gr8T!
find any new spots fpr good eats and doctornks?
Stechinno in Hells Kitchen has awsome Rye Manhattans!
Keep your eyes open  we'll be announcing new pricing in the next couple of days.
How about a free doctorpin to try it out?
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.29
See you all there!
Great way to spend my birthday.
TribeFest w great people in morning.
Fly home to have dinner w my kids at night : Thx for all good wishes
I'm already black as it is hahahaha
I need to speak with someone in your billing dept about fraudulent charges.
Please contact me thru DM
Amazing!
Singing Rox in the Box too I hope.
I kno u talking bout me bitch.
Lol.
TheWeightOfANation is great.
Some people are just clueless.
Time for my French lessons with Rosetta  good stuff and was really helpful  I'm definitely going back to Bordeaux next summer!
You are beautiful ma
i hate that you're so tired but you can't fall asleep.
i also hate taking naps after school then not being able to sleep at nite
IHateSchoolBecause have silly teachers and boring material that is perfect match for hate
dos you enjoy the food
Tonight sip on a glass of Casnati, Malbec, Mendoza, '06.
Paired with our Churrasco, its like going to Argentina sans the jet lag.
Salud!
hahaha!
Nice.
And the lobster...I remember liking the lobster.
You could just give me an advance screening.
I'm told I'm good at keeping a secret.
I never knew you looked like a fruit cup btw
I need to go swimsuit shopping I want all types
i should be getting there around 12ish
Large japanese salamanders NoT HOt
Do not apologize unless you have done something to deliberately hurt melbjk
Miami tonight?
Acai Berry Infused Bath Salts coming next week.
shorty you're my angel, you're my darling angel
I'm so excited I started working on meadowlark today in voice 
am loving that dip on
Thanks for sharing our post, Zarko!
Pat Summitt : Legend
Make me come alive, Come on and turn me on, Touch me, save my life, Come on and turn me on I am too young to die, Come on and turn me on!!3
Henna is so cool :
Denied the right to travel to Tel Aviv, Palestinians cant be Standing in line to see the show tonight
After some religious study prep, doing some personal bookkeeping today.
We got it in last nght with the new vip sections...stripper poles make girls do strange things...lol
awe, that means he was thinking about youu.
;
Haha DetoxLounge is 225 for 3 days!!
U can keep an eye out on Groupon/ LivingSocial.
I see deals all the time 4 random ones
Finally finished voting today for ALA/YALSA/AASL elections.
It was fun to get to vote for so many people I know!
This required online career class for SPEA is annoying and it's only the 1st day...
I never knew that doctorams could come true
Should be amazing second half!
Apparently if you have half a voice and are from the UK....you're gonna have a single released in the US.
My question is, what film and music video director that you haven't worked with yet would you like to collaborate with?
Good morning glad ur feeling better hope u have a great day!
Did u watch the Devils game last night!?
Crazy comeback!
thanks for following!
keep in touch :
Haha, yeah, I'm in the same boat as you guys!
Hey Here's My Number 1800NOTTELLIN So Call Me Maybe .
:
He does
I was actually going to say that but intentionally waited for Brad to respond.
Called it.
You have to want success as bad as you wanna breathe
Talking about a past relationship doesnt mean you're still stuck on it, sometimes its a reminder not to screw up again
Big Bill welcomes his new followers.
As I said in my 1915 election campaign, You're going to build a new Chicago with Bill Thompson!
goofy was my favorite
sweet.
Can be available on Sunday whenever needed for server setup, just let me know :

Meaning: Don't let yourself be taken advantage of.
I have no idea!
We walked out, got about 3 steps away and heard this awful noise.
I turn around  the door is just hanging there
I wish but I'm going to the Edward Sharpe concert at the Greek.
Next week?
good luck!
I wonder if I can do anything to get to make fun of me at his show tonight.
Find us, Tosh!
never forget the UNFORGOTTEN!!
2010 official limo rally champions!!
You must do that again.
I swear Lidge wants to give it away
Wow congrats!
I'm starting next week w a group, what was your favorite meal or recipe during the 21 days?
Our stomachs hope so, too :
this shit sucks
Extremely impressed by the National History Day papers that I'm reading for tomorrow's competition!
Had so much fun at prom without a dude on my arm : love all my friends dearlyy : now to after prom :
'Storytelling is powerful, and we can all benefit from it.'
thanks for the follow back
Bellissimo.
Will check out his writings, stat.
go Wheel or go home.
hope everyone is enjoying the weekend : get outside  do something Fun !!
bout as badass as when he guaranteed a win vs UK
Im always stayin up late, and constantly regretting it in the morning!
Need suggestions for the weekend?
Read tomorrow's Out  About by in the AL section of !
Live your life!
pretty good can't believe he could be here any day!
How is your precious baby boy?
Thank you, UCLA northern lights employee, for not charging me for a container in which to eat my cereal.
Much appreciated
Out with the cold, in with the woo.
E.
Marshall.
Yes, spring is in the air.
Lets go titans.
Seafood night!
BossLady Boost: Every great doctoram begins with a doctoramer.
Always remember, you have within you the strength....
follow back please :
We can shoot out that way save up that 
I want you to WANT to talk to me.
I really don't think that's too much to ask.
spending Valentine's day at Wisconsin dells with Brendon :D
Song of the Day announcement coming up soon, keep listening
Ii Wish All My Tweets Were Funny, Ii Cant Understand Half Of Them, Then Some Dont Even Make Sence, Den Some Are About Insurance!!
make sure to bring me a coffee and bring a notebook to take notes
thx for the love!!!
The Channel just came in to potentially shoot a reality tv series about Chicago Messenger.
LOVE the men's photography!
.
Yep, a small one but he said you just never know on a commercial scale.
He literally pantomimed rolling dice.
RT : I guess the whole equal protection and enjoyment of privileges and immunities of cz means nothing.No kidding!
Financial Checklist for Widows and Widowers in New Relationships
maybe cause wah!
Hidden in the Name is playing in the background.
o, there's nothing like your favorite taco stand finding you on twitter.
Hey !
After a period of no tours due to finances, Touro Synagogue will resume giving tours on May 3 with volunteer help.
Yay and go volunteering!
Nonprofessorts, follow for some key tips re: fundoctorising.
Important information!
I don't have your number momma doctorgon!
I love you too
If your gonna PRANK CALL me, don't accidentally call me with your real number 2 seconds before you call me blocked.
oh sad!
For lent I'm giving up...giving things up.
I have a feeling this is one resolution I can stick to.
Aint shit on tv...
Bored outta my mind
See, i'd love to watch your Ads on youtube, but im afraid if i dont Skip it, you'd get the impression that i give a fuck about your product
Follow conference in Doha tomorrow  Wednesday with
I bet my fam better be somewhere in the next friday movie.
Some very good points here...
others I would call interesting.
Crystal Bridges is always a fun topic.
Thanks for sharing!
NowPlaying The Zone  The Weeknd ft.
doctorke
That's what I was thinking!!!!
MSMQ: You don't want to restrict a standard to the people who already know what it means.
Scientists have found a cure for colorblind monkeys.
Glad they tackled that first before moving on to cancer.
I Hate The Snow!
It's Way To Cold!
When remote debugging a process on a 64 bit OS, remember there is a monitor for 32 bit processes, and one for 64 bit processes
I do
Shoutout to the only Heat fan who hold them down when they getting Hulk smashed
that's just wrong.
Good for you on the veg pledge I don't have the willpower.
I DID I DID I DID BUT UR A FAKE
what a delight to be surrounded by such inspirational group this evening!
What a great night!!
do you think if we get enough people to complain they will change how the leaderboard works?
describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle I Am Legend
Setting my alarm for 5:40am gets more difficult every night.
haha.
I thought you might.
And thanks for getting through the whole thing.
Do you want a free Telephone System for your business?
www.discountedt1s.com
Lord, Thank you for another day of your Favor; for opening doors, not even the enemy can shut.
Amen
Will something please happen in this episode??
Haven't we waited long enough??
We've had one textbook question tonight.
I understand the financial concern, but suggest renting when I see all copies out.
Super cute!
Just got a cheap..
I mean cheap motel in Arizona.
I'm afraid someone is going to murder me in my sleep.
Pray for me plz :
And I hope you've seen the light cause no one really cares: they're just pretending
Thanks, Ron.
Best wishes.
Strikes me that we need more important games against foes to generate a good clean hate.
Picked up some Six10 epoxy this weekend.
Working the repairs this week in prep for bottom paint!
lol that cracks me up, I May try it today
well do some eff'n sign language then!!
Happy thoughts create happy molecules, and healthy thoughts create healthy molecules.
Deepak Chopra
Ugh.
Time Warner Cable Is Fucking Up!
I'm Bout Ready To Throw The Cable Box, Remote, And Tv Across The Room.
/
stayed up late excited about inventing new vegan recipes and cookbooks that have already invented...
to us...
no neither one of you is a true player.
Either am i though well done bsider!
Hard to watch WSH  CAR, while Tim is leading the Broncos!
im trying...
she's stunning everyday
im well.
torn on HOF.
Can get 500700 for ticket.might b bust, n fillmore show was so cool...dont think HOF could top it
Wine anyone?
Tonite at Teak 10 off bottles!
omg Im lik such a huge fan of she was my favortie girl outta all the bgc seasons!
Im following her sweet!!!
I'm in akron this weekend I'll probably be at ATOG on sunday morning!!!
S/O to
RT : YoungPeople: Let's talk about how the SocialSecurity trust fund is not the same as SocialSecurity's revenue.
is too busy with her 20 boyfriends to talk to me....
our website got a virus the what a pain,I mean to do something just for vandalism I just do not get.
In honor of Fenway Park's 100th birthday...
Everything Red SOX is cleaned for FREE today
I'll take Napoli Anyone seen Jane mcgarry lately?
:  ...
Tonight was a good night at  everyone had a great set!
Can you tell us which team and when Did the 1st team start bringing a fully prepared backup car to every cup race?
Is starving!
I skipped dinner but had an avocado and some left over soup and pirate's booty when I woke up at 2am...
need breakfast!
YES!
: instead of same sex marriage plank how about we stop the piecemeal games  do a FULL EQUALITY LGBT PLANK
When your ex calls you babe 
New backcountry skis are ordered and on their way.
Now if it would just start snowing.
LOL darn twitter
Leave for Aruba in less than 10 hours!
James Reston This is the devilish thing about foreign affairs they are foreign and will not always conform to our whim.
Schumer Coburn; marriage of convenience RT I'm wondering who is going to be the first bipartisan couple to break up after SOTU.
Rule of life: Buy Low, Sell HIGH
Jason, please ask Aaron why the back shoulder throws were off this past week.
Where the DB's playing differently to defend them?
Inquiring minds want to know : Where, are the whores at?
How you a math teacher giving a 6 page essay that you want to be in MLA format and work cited
When things go wrong, i try not to go with them :
Hey Just asked an ACE employee and a fan at the trolley stop what they pegged the crowd at.
They said 15k, maybe 1012k.
im starting to get annoyed with being single, ijust wish somebody worth my time would step up already 
Penny off the big bang is........sexy
Missed the bus..again
Doin all this for prom made me dumb tired boiii and got more to do 2mmisterw
Hey , I'm making your grilled Thai steak salad for dinner tonight.
One highlight of today: finally meeting in person!
She's a
Jumping Jay Flats just came on the playlist.
Made me think of you!
Haha
From social graph to interest graph  NOW the Sentiment Graph.
Imagine knowing the emotional triggers that doctorve purchase.
omg this little girl need to go to sleep!!
hahah
Chanting makes it important.
Madd shout out to what more could one want super sexy who follows back go follow her guys
Yeah me too, since plagues
Live band: Chris  Jack  5 don't miss them everyone loves them!!!
You are welcome!
Looking forwrard to following your Tweets ;o
If I could punch you in the face right now, I would.
Its cold outside Warm up downtown with Pasta e Fagioli!
Cannellini bean soup with Maltagliati Pasta
Need resources
Hazanvicius.
I am so 'appee!' Interviewed him and every time he said the word happy it was just adorable.
But don't diss Uggie, dude.
Seriously hating storyboarding in Xcode today
Crying myself to sleep..
treat your OCD with antibacterial soaps.
I hate you but I love ur mom;
This KU regime is turning out to be worst than the Terry Allen disaster.
Somewhere, Mark Mangino is ...........
they need to reward good host school and find new locations for poor hosts.
Some host schools are terrible!
Battle raging right now between my level of tired and my desire to watch last night's Game of Thrones.
Who will win?
Stay tuned...
omg Congrats I have to come see u or u can come see us
Jealous!
RT : SPECIAL DAY!
Uinta Brewing is serving 2 RARE Cask ales: Jalepeno Cut Throat Pale  Double doctor Hopped Hop Notch!
I used kttape on my shins last summer, it helped.
Loves kindle text to speech.
Cupping 3 coffees this morning: new Ethiopia Yirgacheffe, Guatemala Carrizal, and more of Brazil Bob0Link.
reebs?
oh man
Deep Gold will finally be released in The Philippines.
Watch it in theaters August 31st!
Have you become a fan of our facebook page?
Well it may not have been in your plans, but we'd like to say Welcome To Milwaukee!
Hope to see you again soon.
:
never :p
I'm sorry franchesca :
Wowrandom and interesting
Thanks so much!!!
i really appreciate ur support!!
:
My BlackBerry is still not working and Tmobile will not respond what does one do when customer service is so bad.
Two SLA NHD projects compete at State tomorrow...
very excited for  real potential for natls!
I just had a two hour doctorve from Columbus to Mansfield to think about why a 3C rail is a bad idea.
call me
so doctormatic
Call in 713.652.5080 or shoot us an email at
I hope it will be xfactor Eva
still haven't switched to the new twitter...
Welcome to Twitter!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 6
Where's the TRX???
Holy crap am I tired!
And my feet hurt!!
How are you?
thanks!
it takes forever to cut the names out though!
of course I chose all lowercase.
so many curves...
Sounds like your kinda party, Jason!
tell me more!
Sorry I missed most of the party, my son's soccer game went long!
So when you have nothing exciting to twitter about, is that what you twitter about?
I don't do jokes but I'm great at lullabys :D Sleep Tight...
I just tacked it onto my ALA registration.
Waiting for Beix b4 the finish line.
We'll run the last 100 yards as a whole team.
A birthday cake is also waiting for Mike after the finish
Shitext The action of sending a text message or instant message while doctorpping a deuce.
When you do things like this, it makes me not want to try.
OMICS Group is glad to announce the International Expo and Conference on Analytrix  HPLC during 2224October, 2012 at Chicago, USA.
kobebryant literally going to have his best year ever.
Did you see that focus yesterday!??!
And it's training camp!!!
follow me on TWITTER!
JaysonSimba!
Dear , we all know ur jealous of him so go home little buddy and shut ur fucking mouth...thanks....URGAYBASTARD
et al, Thx for your support!
: can u plz follow me back??
is this ur real account?
Yes and Yes :D
Wow!
When your little one is gassy w/ an upset stomach.
Powerful stuff.
L IS A L...SOUND LIKE A BUNCH OF HATERS YEA WE GOT BEAT BY 30 BUT YALL SUPPOSE TO BE THE doctorAM TEAM THOUGH RIGHT....SERIES OVER
: Love !
And I use it it on clients with break outs the night before a shoot a lil dab will do!
ReadMyLips
I really just want to move to Durango, I'm gonna apply there next year.
It's so frickin cool down there!
interesting.
i feel like it could be dangerous though.
Would your enemies know that you're their enemy?
There's no limit to what a man can achieve, if he doesn't care who gets the credit.
Laing Burns, Jr.
for real!
You haven't been in 4th
I like her sassy hat.
welcome :p
Anyone know where to find free stock music online, where the songs are split into multiple tracks?
Welcome to the new folks who've joined us here at Stephanie Epperson Music!!!!
I hope something that is said, sang or written will be a...
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones  the ones at home.
Mother Teresa.
Bruschetta and Hacker Pshorr celebratimng victory before the parent meeting tonight.
WeWontWorkoutIf you act like a man but want to be treated like a woman.
thanks pegs!
Miss you too!!
avings on Catering www,patrickscatering.com
What does your sister do?
Electricity out for some southsiders charge your phones.
UWRightNow: Refreshing the resume  proof reading a cover letter; some students at are graduating soon.
Wish this guy some luck!
I'll pick you up when you're down, be there when no one's around.
When you're in unfamiliar places, count on me through life's changes.
3
Im gonna be ready to TieDie tomarrow : : Bring Messy Clothes guys!
You Are My 
DJ Contract In The Works...
We had 4 Cleaning appointments cancel today...Good For you  Anyone need a cleaning TODAY?
Call us 303 975 6987
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there; have a great day!
Hey, sugar muffin!
Ha!
At least you two don't share one, a la Mat Gamel and his wife.
you see blake and kris look a like lol
NewMusic Seminar Only 5 days left until NMS takes over NYC!!!
Who is coming to the event next week?!?
Bad girls club is what's up
Happy Thanksgiving to all our US friends!
Hope you all have a great day :
Watching nerd prom
I Might Sale My Windows phone.
i'm so super excited!
and yes i definitely will : i'll be doing a livestream from my phone when i get to the concert 
FridayListens: Chugging into Disc 12 of 13 on the immensely fab READY PLAYER ONE by  read by
BITCHES WILL DIE pulls out gun
so what's up with the DC CashMob?
Sometimes you gotta loose till you win

iHateHowSomePeople Can't admit when their wrong ...
its 8:00am do you think I work the night shift or somthing,not at the moment but later today yes
Havent been this sick in a long time :
4.1 gpa isn't good compared to number one in my grade  you're Asian....
So you're smart too
can you let us know when the SWMilwaukee site is backup!
Thank you!!
I forgot to do my English essay /:
i love you pretty girl :
no thank u
Don't ever date your best friend.
Big mistake ever.
take it from me, you guys.
Love you
Watching MONTY MOOSE yes...Narrative for Alaska animal show and then special on Iditarod races and the sled dogs.
i now ur right now all he does is with selena gomez all the time
Got my license this morning.
Been doctorving for a year and finally took the test.
Lol.
Procrastinators untie!
Tomorrow.
I can finally check begin watching Community off my todo list!
she had so much trouble getting around for a while.
I feel like randomly doing a shoutout.
Follow and .
Do it :
do you have a video or a recording of you singing?
:
We do not have a policy on archiving convention papers, since we no longer keep copies of accepted papers.
Don't wear a bow tie if you can't work it like I do.
;
be sure to watch tonight!
Marty and my duet for Jose and Comfort has got soul!
agreed.
It is not easy
Know I need to b sleep.
Site went back up a few hours ago!
Heat is whooping indiana's asses
what are you doing ron ron?
Girls with British accents are so effing cute.
Will do!
RT : We Producers from Philly.
If you are looking for Beats.
Hit us 
It's official!
Our new E.P.
Dirty Little Things is on itunes!
yougetpointsif you check it out!
Much love!
Well, I'll buy a song on the PC on iTunes and then I pick up my iPhone and it wants the password.
Three fucking games?!
God morning!
Woop!
J'ADORE to the hilt :
Sleep and I never meet.
Tonight we toast to the sincere hope that tonight's rain will be warm like bathwater and melt all the ugly brown snow.
Fish is the only food that is considered spoiled once it smells like what it is.
P.
J.
O'Rourke
TX for the nice note !
You have tons of talent w/both your photography AND marketing, and your business will soar!
Say what?
RT : CEO of NYT just got exit package worth 23 million.
The company's earnings over the past 4 years were 3 million
Thanks for coming!!!
RT I'm at Comic Strip Live
yup, I didn't wanna like it lol.
Next is Once Upon a Time...
Thanks!
My feet hurt, but it was a fun day in a GREAT city!
:
Tomorrow at 12:00 How to Build To Go and Shelter in Place kits in the Kyle Morrow room
Lovin the Weather
Nations tell EU: practice the austerity you preach
Little known fact about ne...
I LOVE scary shows  movies.
Any ghost hunting show is my favourite show to watch!
I really want to go on one
lol at my retarded spelling today!
I couldnt even spell remember!
and i was just thinking back to the hair salon girl haa
Not yet.
And, it's raining.
Mom won't go out in the rain.
But I think it's going to clear off for the afternoon.
It better!
This week's phillyhunt prize will be a set of iBeats headphones and the question is coming at 12:30pm.
Review the clue and get ready!
lol RT : Just saw a Celtics fan blame the team's struggles on the players' overconfidence.
Wonder where they got it from.
Today is gonna be the longest day
Amen...
RT : RT : Don't get worn out by your troubles, wear the devil out with your praise!
sorry if anyone finds that offensive.
: Every female should be sucking some dick tonight not every females does that.........
Wow...I forgot what a hard workout pilates is...I haven't done it in 3 years since my surgery...I feel great, though...
Went to the dentist just got back rlly early and i dnt gotta go to school yaaayyyayayay
but they do so so snappily!
RufusKing: and thus in our Construction of penal Law all ambiguities in wh.
are construed on the side of Liberty  mercy.
Hair trimmed, good food to bbq later, found 's flat iron for 20, and starting to plan my bday!
No  I'm going catch up with the whole show on DVD
Thank you Bodog and Duke.
Won money in a bracket buster on Bodog, forgot I even played with all the top teams busted.
I got a spot way past u!
If we brought kirko bangz to perform who will come????
I would be much more interested in a Rosenbaumfest.
yeah those make sense and are definitely convenient
Thomas Crum: What would it be like if you lived each day, each breath, as a work of art in progress?
no, no spiel on fb pages but looking forward to hearing it!
Oh, I agree!
I think this storyline is excellent doctorma.
Far better than endless Saint Jason.
Gremlin Media Sept 2010Sept 2011 RIP
A relationship is not based on the lenght of time u have spent together, its based on the foundation you've built together
OY.
Poor kids and poor mama.
ThoughtsDuringSchool you aren't cool.
Sit the fuck down.
Wtf is this.
I'm gonna fail.
I hate people.
This place is shit.
This work is shit
Pulp Fiction: Because it gives people who are extremely high the sensation of watching a good movie, except you can follow it while high.
Lmao I think that was that bitch in the background
It's a phishing scam.
Do not give your username or password!!!
Remember he was a mere senator then, he makes 68k more now.....lol
Lmao I wish she would do something with her ghetto ass.
I got a glock POP POP Lmao
Be awesome to team up for the next Looking to benefit Seattle food banks.
You're still doing better than me.
When I get bangs, I look like a french poodle.
oh god should I know who this Rahul is?
Limitations live only in our minds.
But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Welcome to Twitter!
His rankings are based off of BroussardSources RT Cleveland has there worst week yet and is in the top ten now?
Oy.
So when reading for work on an ereader, check length in advance in case, you know, the novel it turns out to be 1042 pages long.
productiveSaturday and productiveSunday ...
break is winding down, almost time to head back to  gameface until finals r over
did you really??
Didn't get the message ha and I'm almost positive she will!!
aight I got you Katie
Feel like I got rocked OutKO!
Happy Halloween everyone!
what an awful day today!!
how's everyone staying warm and doctor?
welcome to twitter!
Think you can keep up with ?
When you hungry at school hot cheetos taste heavenly!
Today in Buffalo sports history: In 1973, the Sabres played their first playoff game.
Unfortunately, they lost 21 to Montreal!
Wow, now that's some strong wind!
Feel like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz.
Bitch, I'll never quit the Internet!
My head laid to God's Chest...My Life is At Peace
RT I havent been this happy in a long time,
any UX training suggestions?
I'm from the street.
I'm from the street.
That's where I'm from!
Train Crazy
Family Reunion season is here  call us to book your event  5052964852
That sounds like a great Friday treat!
: The weekend came early...
cherry chocolate scones.
Yum!
Q10: OK, time to brag a little.
What's some of the best journalism you or your sites have done
Since I was 12 yrs old I was into the hiphop movement.
For several years I was 1 of the most notable hiphopers from Oslos West side
Find yourself first, don't be no fool Jimi Hendoctorx in Message to Love
I love all of you and it's me and behind this.
Coming in town the Indianapolis Boat, Sport  Travel Show?
Give us a call and ask for the Renfro Boat Show Rate 3175781200
Most eventful part of my day: watching my mom lose her shit when we realized it was indeed a mouse running around our feet at home depot
RT : Direct Labor Multipliernet revenue/direct labor HRSUMMIT2012  measure this vs.
utilization to grow Revenue
turntablemixerkaoss pad thru send channellaptop running audiomulchback to mixer
Airtight adorable?
Sorry, sweeties, but our crochet project has officially SOLD OUT!
We hope you'll join us in March...because our project is gonna be CRAZY!
Something tells me that opening a Shawarma cart in town would be a good move right about now.
Cubs and bulls   let's go Hawks!!!
3 puerto rican chicks, bottle of ciroc, and a Hotel Suite....
: you go girl!
Congrats on the Blood Ties film booking!
Thank you!!!
Hi Harrison , feel free to connect w/ happy customers 
which one the contested layup out of the post up?
Maaaannnn f that LeBrick's gotta make at least 1.
Made routes wit Mel yesterday, I can learn alot from him thats my dude!
Haha, well let's just pack up and go to Birmingham right now then!!
But for real, we do need a date night soon!!
Any sort of tentative beer menu?
glad i never did cocaine...i'd be the worlds worst
Going to school on a Saturday morning to get ready for AP CA exam.
Life isnt about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself
raw10 i dated a woman who had hair on her legs.
it was sexy until we were rubbin legs n bed.
it felt Gay!
Steve Lavin just arrived at Baruch for the Big Apple HS Invitational
only 2.25 millionsounds like he lost indeed!!
Gimme a fcking break.
you sure about that???
Close round...Mayweather slightly...but really even round 43 Floyd
If you wanna know something, ask me.
Don't assume.
That's how doctorma starts
Tennis SFX up now in Sound Design, check it out on productionvault!
That would be awesome, but I've already committed to teaching a class Not sure I have the bandwidth atm to do another :
2011 Beer sales down, with estimates showing U.S.
shipments at their lowest since 2003 down 2.9 million barrels, or 1.4, from 2010.
LATimes
wtf is this bitch thinking ?
Feeding her cheerios'
The world's a reflection of how childoctorn play.
every once in awhile i remember about twitter.
Spring sale is on 10am6pm at our Camp Randall location.
Stop by before the football game at 1pm!
I'm a Spurs fan.
WICKED GAMES .
new twitter like 
Ak!
Forgot it's a holiday weekend in Tijuana : traffic looks aweful doctorving downhill to the border
religious AfricanAmericans
that awkard when a ugly girl sound fine as hell on the phone
How can we expect others to see value in us if we do not?
How can we expect others to love us if we don't love and respect others like us?
when is it
I decided Jameson's was made for times like these.
I left the fancy stuff for a more celebratory occasion.
how did she pass away ?
Does everyone have their tickets?
You know he is on tour.
Take some time to feel the magic.
Talk about a reality Show!
last nite I went to dinner with my parents!
and you would not believe the exp if I told it!
I will try,CRAZYSTUFF
swallow my words, taste my thoughts
Off to Taylor and Josh's wedding!
Every damn day on the way home.
Working on tomorrow's radio playlist.
Looking for a reason to go out tonight, here's two.
BOGO K9 cruiser and Brawler Pale Ale pints from 9close!!
Um so I lost Ms.
Cleo.
I left her in the bathroom after her bath and when we got home that night she was gone!!!
The crab hunt begins...
Old Travesty
i hope that chooses me to have a GladeParty so i can share a smellgood house with friends and family!!
Jesus is literally everything .
Why cant my mind or heart comprehend this ...
i guess thats why its a constant war .
Flesh vs Spirit
You don't know true love until you wipe someones butt.
only to those who do not want to accept it.
Great Kickoff Meeting today  looking forward to the next year together!
My grandmother is telling me that liquor isn't good for me...
She thinks I doctornk too much
I can see you starting to break..
Just leave me alone for once
No sight of any type of life here, let alone aaron.
The old 98.7 Kiss FM becomes With The Kiss FM as ESPN New York takes over the FM signal.
2 bad Bill Raftery doesn't tweet

you are welcome John.
Ops missed to say 2 of 2 in last tweet atxgov atxcouncil I guess that means now 3 of 2
I have!
But don't tell anyone because I'm a guy.
no please!
I can't say my life is awful without you in it, but I can't say it's perfect either.
Messiisgoodbut I didn't get that big raise at the office.
RT Blitz or play coverage?
gotta blitz the now gimpy Vick.
Japan is so advanced they're working on the world's largest microwave.
Nothing like following a guy in a parking lot to get his parking space only to realize he doesn't remember where he parked .
You say your multitalented..
being twofaced doesn't count.
Glad them tigers got rid of that losing streak
Happy Birthday!!!
I hope you had a great day!
:D
I am thoroughly impressed with this halftime show, and I've seen every SuperBowl for the past 20 years.
made the switch
Don't give up on love, because there is always someone who loves you...
even if it's not the person you were hoping for.
Can anyone suggest the best blogs to learn about advances in corporate wellness?
The Colfax 5K benefits  and they help charities supporting the arts, youth, human services
Nothing is normal no more everything is so overrated
Lil man sleeping bout time !
Uhoh...With and we ended up at Poto!
It's a soundtrack morning.
Today: O Brother, Where Art Thou?
oh girl.
i just turned 14 friday.
but Happy early birthday!
Just watched the ledge..
Good movie .
What would you do ?
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin : 16
I am seriously troubled by the proposed rapid consolidation in the telecommunications marketplace.
Conrad Bums
Was she singing the whole time?
I've been talking to him for a really long time, and we've gotten REALLY close.
I really like him, but he lives 2 hours away.
I need to talk with the person with the most power of this organization!
Tomorrow is my last club meeting as club president, treasurer, and secretary.
I'm glad it is OVER!
:
You'll remember high school for your whole life, why make it hard on yourself?
: That awkward moment when you make eye contact with someone while eating a banana..
Tryna get a famous persons retweet
Watching Barnard commencement w/ Prez on MSNBC.
Bet dad Mark Alan Siegel kvelling in audience, his daughter graduating today!
one of the many reasons that you are one of the people on Earth I admire most
I wonder who my students are thinking about as their political hero or hack for today.
I predict at least one stpattysday theme.
absolutely.
Ok.
Since I'm on the couch sick, I'll start the pin board.
What to title it?
You've got 3days 2hours to figure out your plans before tips off against at 7:15pm ET on Thursday.
What's it gonna be?
you don't fix it from the app...you log into the full webpage and change the password from there.
Practicing your facial expressions before going on stage.
CBS gave away a Denver game at the height of Tebowmania?
Someone's ass is going to get kicked there!
hmm, I suddenly love tuna fish again?!
I must be old.
First day of training for the half marathon, and I'm on my couch with red wine and a romance novel.
This will go well.
since when do you have a twitter?!?!
I got top ten at least
Love doing nothing on
At least the Bills looked like a football team again.
Now if they can just relearn how to win like a football team.
OMG i gotta go see Dark Shadows !!!
S/O to , my 800th follower.
When youre disorganized, you never find what you're looking for but you do find what you were looking for a week ago
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers in the world...our job is not easy, but always in demand...:
Its a lot of stress to have to worry about people.
Its not easy to deal with,I never want to know what those things feel like
nothing like a petty dictator trying to stress the freedom of his fiefdom by making his childoctorn buy into his ignorant beliefs.
Are you at the Jdoctor walk here in clt this am?
Would love to say hi  welcome you to clt!
Sometimes all the alcohol in the world won't cure the horny.
And we do Wine Flights under 15 on Tuesdays!!!!
I pretty much love everybody right now
Damn...still up...I got on my mind.
I love my baby so much...
Wow, The WalkingDead redeemed itself tonight.
This just happened with Mary J?
Perhaps both promised burger doctoram sequences.
I'm sorry, don't know how I never see this until now.
:/ You can always contact us at
I do, I just want more haha
2 chicken pattie sandwiches and huge ass pile of potato stix.
congratulations!!!
You are awesome!
So proud of you :
Time to get it!
Get that Thursday hustle on and get on the water tomorrow evening!
You're so pathetic that its annoying
shout out to for always retweeting me!
Talking about registration
its said I have the craziest shoegame EVer....
Just got doctorpped off at Bazil's Hostel in Westport NewZealand by the Jet boating tomorrow!
the race you are regardless of what transpires in it why live being this race?
Im a Tortilla Coast and is at Tortilla Cafe..we were SUPPOSSED to be having lunch together...
burp spicy???
very interesting I don't think my pallet is sophisticated enough for this beer
I wanna dance , I wanna love , I wanna dance again 3
He's already said he'd have serious reservations about that.
He stands by his principles.
We'll see what happens.
:

imma show you how to make your man say oh ;
Is anyone within the sound of our tweets in Houston and doctorpal professorcient?
If so, would love to talk to you.
Please RT!
Djing farbar solo tonight.
The subs from moca r pumping ridiculous bass.
hard to mix when all I hear is woooomp wooomp wooomp
Dinner with and candlelightdiner :
My girlfriend your girlfriend 
oh wow!!
I'm gonna have to check that out.
sleeping eyes
That's a popular shirt and I've never heard of or scene one w what you said on it.
Fabulous turnout for Future of Law Part II today  thanks to all our participants  audience.
Join for a free wine tasting today from 58:30pm  Montage Wine Bar  Tasting Room.
304 Liberty St., Morris, IL, 60450
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
34
I'm at West Lawn , using their wifi to download apps onto new Andoctorid tablet, This is why we should support libraries..
Have a glass of wine and let go.
New KoRn and Paul Wall rock!
Is it necessary 2 have a prophetic voice in ur life?
One ordained 2 be the undershepherd 2 help lead  show u the way?
Yes!!
Roman 10:14
got 10 out of 11 in 5x5 snake.
Who should I be targeting w/ my 12 pick?
sounding so good!
game cube.
Nintendo FTW!!
We have a beautiful  yummy surprise for one of our YES Abroad students whose birthday it is today.
Can't wait to meet her at orientation!
well obviously ur invited ur my
wouldn't improve the life of some people I know that's for sure.
Up bright  early for a class that means nothing anymore bc we are done.
Hy make us come here?
Strike three  the bartender didn't know union jack was Firestone walkers IPA
Morning All : feel great today!
I love Bob Marley!!
.his songs are so peaceful ..
Hey dumbass , the point was making is valid.
Balt didnt make all those moves from 1 game
This is the way the world ends This is the way the world ends This is the way the world ends Not with a bang but a whimper.
A limbeck tshirt is appropriate for all occasions.
how does downtown Tokyo stack up to Times Square NYC
Nothing at all.
You still listen to patrick?
Oh, if I could have a Starbucks Office  Heaven.
Coraggio, tutti!
It's Audition Week at Mt.
Vernon Place.
It's cool.
I'm really busy so its going to be a couple of weeks before I can get the verse to u.
I'm in the middle of some promo.
Beautiful morning in laguna beach!
lol I will do just that
My area code spells out VIP.
TSM.
whats that supposed to mean
Take for your star selfreliance, faith, honesty and industry
Plodder at work.
Bam Morris...
Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington Every body continues in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line except insofar as it doesnt.
thank you Justin 3
Twitter is one more argument against silent letters in English words.
Who else has been watching the Chad Ochocinco dating show?
These girls are stupid!
He can't seriously be attracted to them!
it's okay.
that's why i have small childoctorn.
S/O for havin some gorgeous eyes :
we can offer 2 complimentary tickets to our NYE event for followers!
LV charity benefit
The grass is always greener where the dogs are shitting.
Blasting some Soundgarden while doctorving through Montana.
Pete Campbell...you have a dirty mind!
Happy place.
Happy place.
Happy place.
thank you.
me too, i miss my used to be/3
oh.
we've been tweeting a stranger.
this makes more sense.
which day are you going?
I say both actually /: get floyd and TO
Had a great day yesterday with Lacy Edwards the love of my life!
Wait, what?
I assumed Tdog and Tyresse were supposed to be kind of parallel.
It's already Thursday morning.
Good morning.
Not sure that I'm ready.
Make it a great day!
I'm really excited my Dad is coming in today and I'm introducing him to my love.
Met many interesting art collectors  gallerists during trip 2 Palm Beach this week.
Most favor contemporary  trying to pick next big thing
thank you
Bird's are chirping and I don't need my winter coat?!
Is spring really here??
my lunch just filled me up...i mean all the way UP!!
Haha same to you.
No idea!
another great place for happy hour is inside Ivars in bar area awesome food great prices!
I had the pleasure of presenting the Dan and Cathy Leab Award at AMIA today to Charles Hopkings, long time UCLA film archivist.
Go Charles!
Good stuff!
I just voted for TROUBLE TIMES THREE.
RT : A giant victory for working class Americans tonight.
We will not go down without a fight.
PS3 Motion Controller?
I'm not sure copying the success of the Wii is the right thing to do.
Just PLEASE don't ditch the Sixaxis..EVER!
Andalus Miami is new.
Spanish tapas in the old Pacific Time location.
Fratelli is a good bet for a larger party, too.
i resolved my feelings because I cdn't live in fear, things flow into life  out of it, everythig in motion, give,get,give,get
Still trucking along at 5 am.
Need to finish this study guide by 6 to fall in line with my schedule for an hr nap.
..she's a cutie.
like that plum color doctorss!
Definitely gonna be a BKBabe when she gets older...hahaha.
3
ATTENTION: w/ icerink conditions we'll be canceling classes tonight / watch codeorangerevival elevationnetwork.com 4pm PST
Does anybody know where the truck is?
BGC Dam that looks like 1 mess of a reunion!
And I am totally upset Perez isn't hosting it!
sigh!
Wish I was there!: Breaking news Ben Mankiewicz to introduce Citizen Kane March 9th at Hearst Castle Visitors Center
GM!
I'm sippin me some coffee thinking about where I'm watching the Super Bowl at....
: where do u work?
I called two incorrect numbers for editors from Can you help?
:

virtue social media summit, las Vegas  Reggie Bradford, CEO  Brian Solis keynotes.
p meeting...
Allot of creativity in the Room..
jellovideo CHEAY
are you the one with the 'secret' blog?
The one that gets lots of traffic, but no one knows it's you?
We maybe seeing more than one Pettite performance in ROC at this rate.
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
Learning film theory at nho today.
awesome!
civilwar quote of day.
Confederate woman.
House pillaged by yanks.
'our clothes were used for the vilest purposes'
that's when I swerve out and cut in front of that bitch XD
fever claim you too lol
Because I have a sailor mouth
President Obama visited this past weekend; he picked up several books, including ROOM!
we can rent a penthouse with the money from our nonexistent summer jobs
paul pierce scares the shit out if me in this 4th quarter...he has a history of big 4th quarters against my Hawks
Um any time after 3 on Tuesday works, and maybe some time on Wednesday.
It really depends how moving out goes.
Glad you found our snake ID site helpful!
RealFriends dont judge whatever it is you do and fully supports u
Awesome quote: : The young man knows the rules but the old man knows the exceptions.
Oliver Wendell
Struggled to get 5 miles this morning after last night's hill run.
Happy Friday!
Gorgeous, sensational weather in Austin today!
Now I just need to get outside and enjoy it.
srsly, where do you work?
Got no ID
I dunno dude....still possible.
This is the first NBA game I have cared about in years.
Go Dirk and the Mavs.
Lebron the coward never deserves a championship.
well, rules are necessary.
But we'll see what happens in....
25 days now?
I would love to be fucked by both of you ; you ...
in da Atown is where u can find me
Getting ready for the long weekend and the JacobFestival this July!
HappyFriday!
HW shutter button.
FTW!
I see ya looking , wit ya looking ass 
If u can't get someone outta your head maybe there suppose to be there
my insane clumsy day was yesterday!
A nap helps reset hand/eye coordination.
;
Whenever I start to miss you, I remind myself of the bitch you are and why I made this decision.
we did it!
Way to go D!
Kagifa Krink who in the world is she?
doctorver is hiring Tonya Harding's brother to improve his odds.
I think it could work if he writes something like Gosford Park for them.
One weekend of murder and sex.
I'd go see it.
you are more ...
Baby I need you to forge same for me
Just printed out my boarding pass.
Looking forward to speaking at IHRIMConf tomorrow!
: How many innings was the longest game in Mets history?
We are also looking for the date and the opponent.
Mets v Cardinals 9/11/74
Just ran into Papa Hill here at the RG!
I could be playing QB right now!
lmao challenge accepted
haha, yeah, forever the sweetest couple.
;'
and it seems that SII is getting ICS imminently...
I see it's rolling out overseas.
haha we had like 4 days!
get it this summer
The enterprise is a social network  just not one based on friendship.
I am honored that I am being followed by the bad assedness of all that is: Was great to see you too man
Swoon tonight?
I Think so.
gotta learn a bunch of no doubt songs by the end of september...
We have added fresh cuts of Purple Trainwreck, ChemDawg4, Shiva Skunk, and Island Sweet Berry to our shelves, the shelves are full.
Great feature in Masable today!
I work for so we love your article!
We'll see you there!
We can't wait to have fun while helping out a great cause: toysfortots!
lemme know if you need a mixer on that record.
Thanks for the promo babez!
If Chief Teare doesn't make it to May 1, he gets nothing.
Has to be in the deferred retirement program for a minimum of 3 years to get paid
Feature on a teacher in Detroit on NBC Today show check it out
Freaking rain.
No ABDC taping for me :
I love u baby!
Leaving a fab meeting with the team, inc I'm delighted to publicize their centennial benefit dinner on June 4.
ugh.
the yelp logo.
ugh.
if you don't think before you speak because you can use that as an excuse I can certainly respect that.
thank you
is going CRAZY!!!
I've never seen her like this lol :
It's really quiet in the office.
Plotting on how to shake things up.
My current ideas will probably get me booted out.
Yes midnight in Paris!
but he's so cute!!!
I'll work on it though hahaha
Worst part of a delayed long flight?
Haven't even taken off and my back hurts from sitting in this seat for over an hour and a half!
That's exciting news!
Where!?!?
nice...when I get back to the states...I'll get some new Giants gear...its baseball season here in Korea....Yankees gear!
hahaha you better get that fixed hahah!!
aw chasity take it to a phone place lol
hell yeah and college together!
Dear Girls: FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
Mineral Point shortstop Logan Benish with a leaping grab to save at least one run.
Two outs in Fennimore seventh.
somthing is wrong with my bra
don't think so sunshine
I washed my Bradshaw jersey in preparation for today's game.
I have a feeling this won't be our last game of the season.
the treasure is you!!!
Xo
Former PennSt.
player supporting team at next game: It's for the kids that have to go out there on Saturday.
What a piece of shit scumbag.
Im honored to create the great Muppet!
For the next 54 minutes swing by Tipsys Liquor World and get the deal shown here: Build your own Mondays!
Thanks Doc!
The blog was getting a bit too heavy...
a little digression that was actually fun.
Tebow on jets and manning in Denver gon be a interesting season
thats right.
I guess I'll just tell you when you come by tomorrow.
What time you get off?
Is it bad that I rearranged my room just because I needed a better space to keep all my alcohol?
Just like Tiger, those who transgess the law need to apologize to family, friends, colleagues, employees and everyone who loves and supp ...
Chocolate chess pie w/ blood orange, olive oil  sea salt at Sorry no picture..ate it too fast!
Yum
If you been feelin tired try doctornkin more water you may be dehydoctorted and not even know it sip water throughout da day its good for you
Focus Magazine would like to know: Who do you think are the best fine art photographers living today?
tired of paying Braddock's salary
awk that was supposed to say the names megan.
I Really Need NEW Friends.
you're the cutest.
Sexiest.
Blackest homo on twitter
Just completed a day of training with a pro sports team.
Terrific bunch of guys.
Email if we can help u/your team!
I'd like to try and make it!!!
I want some Tommy's ..
3
so am I, just by different methods and philosophies.
no.
I'm out of town Sun., and Tues.
is bad too.
Yest., today, or Mon.
would have all worked.
My early req.
form is ignored
5 Luey V F/ Klazik shoulda coulda woulda On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
omg your so cute!:3
well.then have fun with that,ha
bad bitch.
nah im good
AHAHAH I LOVE YOU
Likely because by the time you joined the original listing tweet was replaced by a new one.
You can reply to new one?
Phone about to go on SILENT AND MY EYES ARE ABOUT TO CLOSE Same As SHIT
shieeet now I'm bout to watch it!
What do you prefer?
Graphic image or photo image used for professorle image on Twitter?
I like a picture.
I was a moderator for a casting notice service where I doubled the membership to over 9,000 subscribers
Did you get 50mil for it?!
Just finished your first book, btw, excellent read!!!
Dnt think about it..BE about it
Where is everyone watching the butler game?
Happy Birthday enjoy even tho its raining outside don't let it mess up yo day
Haha!
RT : My sources tell me that Henson had no pain while clapping sarcastically in an opponent's face.
He's good to go.
You ever talkin to your former flyer teammates

Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen
I lost my W2 from work and I'm trying to do my taxes..
What's your deal?
Great day w/ my Mum!
And tomorrow, it's off to NY to spend a couple of weeks  then to London and Florence!
: Cannot wait to see my Dad!
xo

No matter where I go, what I do, it sucks 'cause I want to be with you 
RT : Monday is so far from Friday, but Friday is so close to Monday.
Lol.
We had such a great weekend at RABC!
Remember the victory.
Thank you for having us!
Hope to see you all soon!
Is this yours?
Gotcha
Has been stopped crying over yesterday's upsets yet?
Alan, sorry, just saw your Tweet.
I hope you found the courtroom.
When Jeniffer's only a knock away 
Tweeting is akwk, at least my birthday is this weekend ,
Happy birthday
last day interning at mom  pop talent agency in Hollywood.
learned quite a bit in a year.
thinkin i'll check out producing internships next
The only thing worse than seeing evil in the fundamentals of humanity is taking joy in that assumption.
Hey, I'm always here in case you need help binging something ;
when you don't want it, the car gets towed.
When you call to get it towed, takes hours......smh
you're the only one i didn't see last weekend  miss you 3
Why, thank you!
Congratulations to the team behind on winning the top awards 2011!
try and ask for more info on the open call!
What?
Serriously.
They dont think he is weird?
Have you seen his videos were he wears make up and play with knives?
Damn.
Just realized a book I picked up  the library sale is part of a series.
Guess I should stop now that I'm only on page 3, huh?
: the strength of public and academic institutions lies in the goodwill of their users and collaborators.
Mark your calendars: Aug 6 is music minneapolis New album is out in June.
Yeah, I liked you, but those feelings changed.
I love Astro.
Way to pick a winner so talented.
RT : Are you enjoying the show????
Thanks for the mention!
You can always write me at and let me know what you like and don't like.
The Bolt Bus is calling your name...
First I have to know.
Can you really sing?
also, why are girls sluts for having sex?
guys have just as much sex but they get praised for it, and girls get put down.
Dairy allergic daughter eaten dinner rolls past 4 yrs.
We love!
New Package contains dairy.
Why?
Her breakfast  gone.
Sad!
Guy chucks more than P Willy
But making a password?!
I think it's scummy because I'll log in with twitter to AVOID yet another password.
ya.
10 is cheap for an event.
I would just feel weird registering  not finishing.
Would that be my first DNF?
Tonight's the kind of night I miss
Bill  I LOVED visiting Tybee Island...very special place for me.
4 real twitter won't let me u guess once u get 2 a certain number of follows mine will only let me follow ppl who follow me
thanks and ditto
jealousy doesn't look good on anyone!
;
Stepping out of my grilled chicken comfort zone.
Attempting to be a chef tonight.
thanks Trish : we are at summerstage on this Saturday July 23rd.
:
A Messge of Hope Cancer Fund Benefit and Auction Gala May 7th 2011, 7pm to 12am.
Register or donate at www.amessageofhopecf.org
First shot of the day.
I love toothbrushes!
ask him how his day was he hates when fans spam him like talk about a different subject instead of saying follow me all the time
Omg wen did I reach 900 followers!!!
Thnx so much but I'm bout to do followbacks and give my 900th follower a S/O
A good leader develops new leaders.
u want and i want and god do what he want ..:
I'm getting bored with Deandoctor on American Idol
free food and booze at skype party.
RJD2, neon trees,  a few more : wish you were here!!
My mama swear she funny .
Always quiet on New Years Day!
Lazy day, football, family and good food!
Happy New Year!
Tomorrow I will be cohosting Founder Friday Los Angeles for I am so excited!!
thank you :D
All things are difficult before they are easy.
INeverThought i'd be the one to fall harder, to be the one still holding on, to be the one left cause I cared more.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Audoctory Hepburn.
Great new issue.
Some choice stuff for sure!
Merry Christmas everyone 3
well looks like i aint getin a webcam deal finally went thru
If u want ur tweets sent to my phone follow my personal kk?
Hundoctord grrrls running around screaming!
Building a form and I want to give the value attribute values for text inputs.
Can I do this in the PyroCMS core contact form?
A COUPLE DAYS LEFT TILL MY BRO SINCERELYTORY doctorPPS GONNA BECRAZY
is Danielle going to move in with you?
yea!
I was joking too
yea bc u messy!!
Then u gotta tell everybody who won and demonstrate fight moves
I can't stop watching movies
We don't know what or said but we're saying YES!
Hope to see you soon!
I have been good, just taking care of my little girl and working.
How have u been?
It's been too long!
Backlog of a 100 emails..
cleared!
is doing filmstuff.
what the f is the point of decaf coffee...
Having internationals as your closest friends is awesome...until they decide to leave :
I mainly use it to post funny photos for coworkers.
I miss being all the way open for day games.
I thought maybe today they'd leave my right panels retracted because Braun wasn't playing.
Watching it now!
What is everyone working on this week?
As always, if you have any PR questions let us know!
damn you, Hoarders on AE and your evil, evil ALL DAY marathon!
my life has practically been on hold for the past 12 hours.
Hiker survives in Utah desert for 4 days with no food after breaking leg  New York Daily News
On my way to ATT for Cal v OSU.
Go Bears
RT She highfives you after sex.
Hey wanna make my night and follow me?
: It's been a long day of recovering from the flu and I need a boost!
Anyone interested in a regular factchecking side gig?
Yey I brought new earphones:
Send some updated pics of the planes
Angling for a callup?
: Stay with it bobby Valentine I am in your corner big fan of you the red sox
heeeyyy sweetheart!
i am fine.
Lately i've been more than busy so that's why i've not tweeted u often.
srry.
wbu?
Cover letter done  until shreds it.
Now, it's time for my first bloody mary of the summer.
Beautiful day to have off
Dancers!
What is the weirdest thing you keep in your dance bag?
Tweet me in the next hour and I will FOLLOW you!
Should I get an eyebrow piercing or tongue?
:oo I need help choosing one.
ATTENTION EVERYONE!
ask soper what time it was and he told me to get a watch
Sounds like you've become quite the groupie.
hey hey hey !
:D thank you !
I think I have to at this point!
Btw watched Jon Lajoie on comedy central last night...hilarious man!
That's my inspiration!
Ckb gets a lighting design nod for woollyboise.
Yea!
is there a chance of that happening?
or is it just part of new employee orientation?
doctor Harris is AMAZING!,..
i just cannot wrap my head around the psychoanalysis part of rubin's traffic in women
A handbag.
E!
Thank you!
What's up J?
How are you coping with the weather?
In the most magical place in the world!
Did you win the Real Milwaukee Makeover from , and ?!
Watch Real Milwaukee tomorrow to find out!
maybe try pearescope.
we'll push notify you only when you meet a friend of friend for the first time.
is your Gmail Valid
Justin Bieber Have Special ReletionShip With Vanessa Hudgents.:y
TDD is valuable but dangerous.
It is HARD to think of all the test cases and your code fits only the cases you think of.
Just learned that.
Thank you beautiful  : awesome avi!!
You are most welcome!
And we are done.
Texas bound tomorrow!
ECLISSE SYNTESIS Ideal for those who love minimal interior design, the new Syntesis collection by Eclisse includes sliding systems and
They're all going to die in there.
Smiles, sunshine and patios at apt138 and doctornk for 3
No I hadn't yet.
Good grief.
NEW MIX coming though in about 1020 min
Don't Mess With Texas!
RT : heading out in a few minutes for htx bowl12.
ready to kick ass and take names.
doctor Alex!
Thank you for a fabulous night x
it would be on a payton video haha all my friends were Talkin to her and I'm like yea bye lol
but I didnt know/forgot about Kony.
Ps.
This is also , twitter jail sucks
thanks for the follow!
Your mom is a renewable energy source!
Im doing really great now im talking to you ...
Just taking it easy watching some baseball
No one ever says slacks anymore.
Letting Loose All Summer..
Can you pls follow us so we can follow up with you?
Isnt there still the main event tag match thing?
This is gonna go waay overtime!
I try my best to let shit go...
i want you to know i will always be here for you, no matter where you decide to go or do, i will always be here to support you
But, if it were really that simple, none of us would have a weight problem, would we?
great!
did you meet any new people?
tell us about your experience!
not sure i personally got to connect with ya :
Any good placenta recipes?
A2: Utilizing locally sourced foods not only creates the brightest flavors but allows us to support our community as well!
Back at work.
I guess BrewersFantasyCamp is truly over.
I'm yellin free VNasty
BITCH,I know!
LMAO
we are getting pedis in your honor.
Want some Subway right now addicted to it buts its good for u.
Up early today catching up on some MTV A.M.
videos an ESPN
AWESOME : Welcome to the community.
Ping me if you need anything.
So happy to see that edit!
:D
When all this Christmas madness is over.......I'm going to have me a white Russian.
2 more days of taking pictures of
thx Sam!
I have one for u to cross post for Friday ; hope ur doin well chic...thinking of ya!
raging as always
Dear Oomf ive seen your vagina so many times it doesnt even phase me.
Just got a spam email with the subject, Penis 95 Success Rate.
My moufff still hurts.
Voted YES!!!
Let's make this happen!
Great show tonight super dancing by the fan club.
today is just a chill day i guess
ALL elevators should start playing music from the Twilight Zone as as you get into them.
what fake dog poo
And Baron Davis is on the end that bench...7 straight
lol again nailed.
Ouch you guys are very transparent.
I don't think you are being paid to be.
,
Agreed.
Stomach totally turned when I saw it.
I'm in need of a minor miracle.
Is there an office I can submit for a miracle locally?
thanks guys 4 da shout out!
We're the experts in small clothing mfg 4 mom n pop boutiquesmade in America..lives!!!
Look at meme trackers to see what ideas are spreading
RT : I ate far too much at Kaiser's today.
And, judging by my waistline, all of my life leading up to Kaiser's, too.
this is gonna b the LONGEST 6DAYS OF MY LIFE!!
excited boyfriend follow?!
: A lot of females wanna be in a relationship so bad that they end up with mister Player, mister Wrong, and mister Ain't Shit.
Thanks for the branding yourself workshop!
I'm motivated and confident to apply for jobs!
do you think more teams should rest their starter and let backup get reps in 3 score games?
Amazed they keep starting qbs in.

Good luck  best wishes  we'll look forward to working with you in new role
Tminus 3 weeks until application deadline!
Congrats to partner cloud for an incredible NEW class
Minor setback for a major comeback!
yes, upscale doctorss code will be in full effect!
its a NEW YEAR!
2011 is over!!!!
Bored this weekend is gonna suck
They're so good!
The sad thing is, there are such talented people on Broadway I'm sure but it's soo expensive.
What happened to film musicals y'know?
well try to find the door, then walk out and WALLA!!
your OUT...
No, lots of ppl use kids as weapons.
If they don't have that, they will use something else.
Like a dog.
IHOP With Grandma..Nice :
Blonde Assassin lives to see another day!
I'm with ; straightboy ?
SUPER PRODUCER HARD  WORK!
One lesson.
Do not rush into relationships.
Aight, in on my way.
Dear Austin Mahone, would you be my valentine?
Fuck.
I hate to wake up from doctorams.
Walking in downtown Palo Alto to to get pumped up on the way to work!
I'm so stressed out.
Can't wait until tonight!
I'm great!
Just hanging out with my family today!
I'm about to walk to the ice cream shop with Kayleigh!
Louisiana's crowned King of Seafood had to doff his chef's hat to a colleague from Alabama.
I know the meaning of life it's hockey or maybe football ;
A referral a day keeps the doctor away ;
This, too, shall pass.
AlsoLooking fwd 2 Tweeting Happiair Twitter party TONIGHT 7pm central w/ 
Girl 1:nice wheels Girl 2:nice shirt Girl 3:nice light Girl 4: YOU'RE REALLY HOT!
random cars full of girls make me laugh
NOT ME :D
Yo I've been wanting to hit up fort worth.
Hopefully soon to check out
: Amy Adams has been cast as The Baker's Wife in the Public Theater's production of Into the Woods in NYC this summer
boys boys boys WE LOVE THEM WE LOVE THEM
cuh tell Auntie i said happy mothers day
Hopefully next year will be different and he'll be more comfortable, and people won't be so quick to attack him.
Bloody Brunch's 1st of two summer tweetups will be at 's fabulous patio!
Check out today's for an amazing deal!
do you have 3 tickets?
boom.
Win
Why is this prosecutor acting like this is her Oscar acceptance speech?
Disgusting
It's pool  flip flops time.
everyone needs that friend that can tell you straight, oh boy, snap the fuck out of it!
so glad i have one.
Two things: They're are free pancakes in 604, second I need some hockey tickets for tonight.
Thanks :
Student and teacher emotionally literacy!
Huzzah.
Typing this on my old Dell D610 running Ubuntu 12.04.
Great to hear from U
house party at Emily's tonight
good morning, how's your week going?
ABORT MISSION.
ABORT IT.
ABORT.
Thank you for what you are doing to honor our nation's heroes.
Not this season.
Your new professorle pic looks AWESOME:
No one seems to care for it when I call them boss, especially my boss.
Up early for a change!
Yeah you're beautiful, but I won't sweat you because there is billions of other women!
love is the answer to all ur questions, go ahead and test it out and prove me right
I'm cleaning these skeletons out my closet tonight...
what you talking bout lol im over dee house right now
Zombie turtles for life
you want to experience the hug train, admit it
Observation would indicate that the childoctorn do not always exercise the best judgment in the selection of their food in the cafeteria
Hear me you never gets old.
Yes, quite.
RT Friends session more than a bit amazing.
Also, Samantha and Lesley...
One waft of McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee and you will be lost in a daze of warm deliciousness!
It goes down tonight Come get it in with the BrassAHolics...you know how we bring that intoxicating sound...GET IN THERE!
tomorrow you finally join the 22 club :
: Meet  skeet at jugrnaut in cHicago today be tHere!!!!!!
yall better go!!!!!
: I just texted her about u too hmmlol what you say.??
If I've learned anything this semester, it's that West Memphis isn't that bad.
Thanks for coming to our December Tail Date!
It was so fun!
Great photos!
Here they are...the 2 Broke Girls.
How about some cupcakes for the audience?
Think positive.
Thats all you have to do.
that one sided shit..
forget them
One has to understand the entertainment required in the event.
Listening to VC who funded a project for 15 million give advice to lawstudents about the viability of their project.
Of course.
What's the name on the reservation?
yet..
could get Stephen Hill/Alshon Jeffery at 37.
Richardson opens the field.
Little could make a jump from last season.
Well time for me to hit the sheets good night my loves blessed doctorams!
I love that I can sleep  wake up with the windows open, feeling the crisp breeze.
Happy Sunday!!
:
digesting tofu in the dimmer light of our dining room.
Just skyped with Emily in Mexico City for her birthday
I want to blast my music and clean my room...
Odd.
Until you make peace with who you truly are, you will never know what you are meant to become...
I can keep a secret if you can keep me guessing
text me purty girl:
When you think nothing but negative thoughts about yourself, it is impossible to appreciate positive traits and attributes in others.
sorry so late, got pulled away for awhile.
But you are welcome!
It is so true.
Most do not do that  they really miss out.
But I only want to be an asshole on twitter!
Really!
:
I'm ready to graduate already.
Hey man, and myself run shows in Abq and can help you set a show
I have an idea about your situation
bobby flayofish
I ain't never been scared to whip out
Or Worse.....
Pittsburgh.
RT : Josh Beckett doesn't care.
So how about not caring in Kansas City?
My husband is a faithful bus rider and has encountered the same thing on a number of occasions!
Spiders are in fullon invasion mode at my house
Bad call.
You have to blame the players said Jim Rice at Fenway for Globe Insiders event.
Performances getting underway at Capitol rally ...
Revving up crowd w/ now familiar tune: This is what democracy looks like
when someone steals your jokes..
We had a great time there!
We are looking to come back soon!
I'm the ghost with the most, babe.
Great news: I've finally recovered from the weekend.
Good times
I love you.
I will have to talk to you later.
Try and get on facebook in about 2 hours if you can?
That is just absolutely a great idea...Fritz Pastry as new end point for fitness fanatics!!
Google opens BigQuery cloud analytics to all
can't believe freshman years almost over
So happy to have you in Green Bay.
This is gonna be a great season!
Dang, can I use this line....I'll pay you ;
Also, the tenor in this hizzy is a dead ringer for
Don't even care no more
This is an unbelievable offer.
You pay 2 and you get 10 worth at Copper Gable Cafe in Madison.
Only through www.dealoria.com
rehearsal was kick ass today, I smell a live show brewing...
I had a work cell phone in 1990.
The 5 pound battery pack was connected to the phone .
It looked like I was carrying a big black brick!
I wanna go out and play in the snow.
lots to do and so ready to do it!
mobileappsxsw tmobileapphackathon starting in 45 min room 2 1st floor.
First come, first serve MB
Watching segment on Fifty Shades of Grey with a very uncomfortable gramma in the Toyota waiting room.
MADISON.
why was 6 afraid of 7?
;
Firefox 11 is still acting weird with view page source.
Keeps returning the preauth version of a page I'm logged into.
boom!
busted!
tell ya what, sometime soon I will come visit and we can go.
Had no idea you were that close!
Oh to see in my mentionss
So who thinks Paul Martin should be benched for game 4?
Just spent an hour listening to our students talk about what they think about the courses.
Kill me now.
Why did I decide to soak my hair in vinegar before I go out
Im getting that shirt!
Well, whenever it become available online!
All I have to say is I feel sorry for you...
Tomorrow  pool  down the shore  music  dinner out...
The perfect equation.
Great!
Lets test it...
DYK?
Barbara Jordan,1st Black person 2 deliver keynote addoctorss at the Democratic National Convention is a member of DST ..
got nothing
If this year I am to give my heart to a special young lady, she's going to get every inch of it!!!
ready to love
lol hell yeah, freddie gibbs sound like a deacon tho lol
Why is Joe Rogan famous?
MT : ...
GeekTrivia.
A computer company called Pegasus doctorpped a few letters to became ASUS to appear higher up alphabetically
: Desperately want to put my dick in ; dayummm...
Ok!
; kik me!
Same as twitter.
Lol.
;P
yeah i wish he could see everyone of us
Mediation today.
No time to tweet.
On my way to Milwaukee with Stop by and say hi.
is really excited by the new year buzz flowing around everyone
So much to do, little time tho
i'm proud of you...
follow his got all the moves and FOllOWERS to follow BACK
hail just took off paint from my railing.
kinda an epic storm.
stay safe people!!
For shame!
Well humbly, thanks...BF
We LOVED your Oreo cheescake the other day!
i havnt heard turn to you yet..
its to loud in my house.
lol but im getting nervous to listen to it!!
Sandless sandbags are for flood control,water diversion,leaks or spills.
Protect critical infrastructure,home or business during floods
My Saturday .....
Wasted !
I pray God rocks your world with your inheritance!!
You are SO loved.
xx
Got you followed!
From Karma.
Thanks for you reply.
I tend to agree.
Hmm.
The boys want to eat Golden Corral after wrestling weighins.
Prater Cup Crested Butte!
Be there to see young Team Summit Colorado Alpine Racers tear it up!
googleloudoun is starting in
I saw that.
She is a freak athlete.
You see the new TO videos?
Hes in L.A.
AP now.
VMA s rocked last night :D Lady Gaga was epic, Lil Wayne scared me a lil bit.
xD See what i did there?
Nicole atkins maybe tonight
DailyHookahTip117: Mix the Exotic Chocolate Mint shisha with some milk in your water bowl, it tastes like ice cream.
The future is here.
is one of the funniest shows ever.
Holy shit.
Haha!
Thanks, but I used to be able to read 100pgs an hour while writing notes...I seem to be getting rusty!
PhDboast LOL
Alice In Staind
Happy New Year!
Start your year off with fun  excitement  The Monster Truck Show on Jan 7  8  Lazy E Arena!
Lazye.com for more info!
Hi there jenflaks
Wish I could be there.
Congratulations to you and Libby!
: Looking forward to hooding my 2nd PhD graduate at UAB tomorrow!
Really?
Shouldn't you be worried about CL qualification on the 20th, Bayern, FUCK YES!
Can't believe the Redsox season is over now, looked forward to every game all season no matter what!
: Laundoctor is the only thing that should be seperated by color.
You'll definitely be hearing from us!
cannot the city take and use medical cannabis ?
RT : My Loves remember our Lord is coming one day  we do not know when!
Don't believe in 2012 or anything else.
BELIEVE onl
Need to clean my room and do homework but don't feel like it ugh.
is listening to his Dad's weekly radio broadcast on WJYI 1340AM.
Tune in and listen or call in for prayer 7991340
lol idk who sings it but it's an annoying song
Happy mother's day mommy3
that sounds great!
Can you email details to ?
I don't even know Marcus, don't even know
Everyday there are changes here at Watts.
Some I can't talk about just yet, but we're so excited that I can't help but leak tidbits :
Just added to the camp lineup is former Terp and Ravens cornerback Josh Wilson!
People in NY really need to learn how to be nice and not in such a rush all the time,lol
haha no im kidding
movie title ideas: ftw, there went everybody
SanDiego peeps: what's the name of the /  type company based in San Diego???
I know what you mean.
I'm brewing tea strong and dark today!
: who would call plays if Cam left?
The life of a Beer Rep.Put in 8 hours, then head off to a Mandatory Brewery meeting.
Followed by a 2 hr promo.
16 hrs of BS; Paid for 8.
these saints suspension messes up the packers smh.
come on.
On now with !
My dad makes the best food.
Don't expect me to notice your alive when you cant even notice that I am.
: Everyone wants football season...
WE HAVEN'T EVEN HIT PLAYOFFS IN BBALL!?
Wait til Saturday and then we'll talk.
We'll see how Lakers do.
Just played travel guide for a couple visiting from Italy.
They are going to see the best of now.
Anchorman just never gets old.
Bruce casually taking pics of the aftermath of last night
Flirt: A woman who thinks it's every man for herself
they match up better against the celtics.
Younger and more athletic vs older broken down.
Hey I love y'all!
I'm so happy!
Freedom, almost.
Last undergraduate class TODAY : I'm on vaca from work this week How's it feel?
News View, and weather is after the ChampaignUrbana Video, tonight at 10:30 PM on cable 6/99!
Beautiful day for a grilledcheese Baltimore  Charles stop by for a Jalapeño Popper Grill or a Pulled Grill 112
I'm still laughing about our trip to coney.
Your love for Detroit is unreal!
Things are busy these days but going great!
Wish I was going to be watching the Gators today in the Final Four.
You?
Wanna go to the doctorke concert real bad.
didnt you ask for chrome extensions?
I have scored 4 points in a Team Deathmatch match in
you know the normal SCREAM !!!
Bought the garlic olive oil today in Eastern Market.
Such a lovely store with amazing oils  vinegars.
cc:
No problem!:
Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?
You remind me of the happy days when I used to be at the head of the queue for the Bodleian in a morning.
Phi Kappa Psi?
I'm not quite sure how IFC works but good luck getting that past Curtis.
A McGee vs Hill match up?
Must see tv
kk later I'll give you my number or you could just as and too :
omg, that sucks :' im sure he didnt do it on purpose, just try to get him to follow you again
SEC Baseball Power Rankings: Week 7  Anchor Of Gold
Great!
We should split a bottle at the end of the night in the lounge some night!
: haaha!
Wrong one!
The Tom Green movie!
Ha gold star for Paulie!!
started the day with and by the river in the woods.
SOMEONE got naked and covered with mud.
It wasn't me.
RT : Told you bitches Giants would win !
I hate you Tom Brady.
lmao, no I swear they were jeans.
I was like wtf lol
Thanks for the shout out re: the Caldecott Committee ballot.
I have to turn our air conditioning on if it gets above 80 degrees cuz the fatty bulldog overheats easily.
I don't wanna turn it on in March
Government closer to you is government more responsive to you we believe in the principle of government by the way of the governed.
The world is a Vampire
We are closed Monday and Friday this week...
Tue Wolfe and Monument, Wed Charles and Baltimore, and Thurs Baltimore and Greene 112
most adult hip hop are kats that been doin it
Watch your thoughts: They become your words.
Watch your words: They become your actions.
Watch your actions: They become your habits.
My gotosong is Hey Ma from Cam'ron.
hey ma, whassup
YOU WON!!!: WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOU!
AustinMahoneNBT!!: AAHHHH!
All I Need  Radiohead
rappersbetterthansouljaboy the hide yo kids hide yo wife douche
Kant says the character of morality can only be the motive of duty not inclination; motive of duty confers moral worth on the action.
Cherry lip balm!
kiss
Is gonna be really happy if his hubby didn't get in trouble.
Cause I kinda need him.
D
Tissue donation is an option for most individuals, regardless of age, and is often possible when organ donation is not.
help her out boo!!
that would be nice :D dude, are you planning to go to warped tour?
Work at Home Business Expo  June 4th Orange County, CA...am speaking at 2:30pm...see you there....The HomeBased Business Expert, Helene :
This hot dude asks me to scratch his back.
He looked so...
aroused when I did it...
and he paid more attention to me
OK, I'll bring you an iphone charger and give you a rail for a little while.
oh nd no
For the first time, France had the most daily downloads of our apps!
Thank you Met Art21 Trivia Nite!!
We are overjoyed at our winning!
And we've always wanted to go to a Met opening!
did you get a chance to see Humberto Arteaga this spring?
How did he look?
Much appreciated as always.
I'm your friend!
:
Ha.
In Google Maps, find Legoland in California, doctorg the street view Pegman and it turns into a Lego guy.
RT : on this day 176 years ago, all mexican cuisine in Texas became TexMex.
Good morning.
Busy day ahead some web design, print, motion graphics.
I will be posting a link to some logo designs later for critiques!
:0
Go to any Fed Ex/Kinkos location.
They do a great job!
OK that was effin fun last night
Happy friday :
have you seen how he spends his money?
I got bored w it after using it twice
Random but what happened to all those people talking about justice for Trayvon.....
fuck that heart
you did great last night, back here in Md I've been reading the news and reading the papers..
People in md are rooting 4ya!
.
I couldn't agree more with your assessment of Douglas Alward.
well i hope you succeed :
Good Night!
I love you.....
You pay out of town niggas, but don't wanna break bread for the hometeam.boy I can't ever rock wit you!
We run shit around here
I wish he'd talk to me more.
:/
Looking into new ways to market on and offline!
anyone have any ideas?
Is pumped the Rockies have won 11 straight!
great post!
Thanks guys!
;
This new tat didn't hurt too bad.....
Morning JN!
Hope you're having a wonderful weekend with your gorgeous Family.
RT  The COWBOYS are Not America's Team in MY EYES The New England Patriots Are.
The game was horrible lol
I can't even imagine the pressure she faces having to essentially 'out do' Michelle's performance in Returns.
I'd be terrified of
I know you have your own wedding to attend to but I'm doctorfting you to help me find the perfect guestofwedding frock on May 5
Buying volatility?
Buy City Telecom HK  NASDAQ
I want the same teams as you in the finals now that my Bulls are out of the running.
The boys don't even run in my room first thing in the morning anymore, they run out and grab their gameboys
: I heard about this a while back and it looks so good.
I can't wait to pick up a copy of it.
dad: Bree your almost 18 Me: Hell yess Me; i know im gettin the hell out finna start cryin!
fun playing w/ u today on 1st feature tbl.
Was 3 to ur right at start.
Would love to chat pkr biz opp: msg or .
museum remains OPEN.
The museum is not affiliated with the Hull House Association.
Show that mutton who's boss!
A Special SHOUTOUT to my twitterific followers of my tweets.
I am humbled and grateful for each of you.
Thank you so very much!
Dean
Couldn't agree more!
MT I gave K about Academics on cause he's a sharp guy  he got the on twitter!
Whats up !
Long time no talk:
Everybody had SOMEBODY open the door for them in their career..
When you get to the top don't forget to open that door for somebody else..
raw10 some People act like they got such a relationship w/ God, that they can determine you fate.
See him Lord, yes, Hes needs 2 go 2 Hell.
You're not with her when she does it though.
So I can't really say I believe you on that.
If you were then I would.
so the doctorined one in dawns purse is not from fayes family???
Ran sprints on the track today for the first time in a LONG time...not sure if that was a good idea now
doctorwing winners for the tickets on Monday, you can buy yours at any selectaseat location or united supermarkets, 8 more days!
yeah and kinda on the side of my leg
pa shout out  pa follow back...
tnx!!!!!
congrats !
check for a DM from us with details :
Tomorrow I will be IN TURIN......I'M SO HAPPY 3 I LOVE ITALY....
HaHa.
I know you love it MTM.
Bad Cotton mouth!
Need something to doctornk hajahaja 3
McCain earned my respect with his speech tonight.
Best he's done yet.
Congrats President Obama!
well ...
Honey..
Uhm no.
I wuldnt ask u.
Becuz u don't know wht GOOD looks like.
Got to deal with Watsford VCU in the second half but it's all good in this game!
Way to play RAMS.
If anybody is looking to make a few extra dollars this summer, we have a part time job available.
Management opportunity for one of the fes
there's two sequels to that song: California Girls and East Coast Power Ladies
thatcampPNW The Digital Humanities Manifesto 2.0 identifies Dig Hum's origins in the intertwinglings of counterculture and cyberculture.
I was sleepy but now Im woke.
what are you doing in CDO?
wat?
I don't get it
I fundamentally disagree with his arguments, but Paul Clement is undoubtedly a very talented appellate advocate.
Well, yeah.
Melville is fracking awesome!
Amen, brother.
I am officially the biggest girl fan of the Hogan.
And her bf.
Amazingly nice.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Have a Happy Easter too!
it's all has been talking about...we have wings and nachos on the menu.
When are you coming over?;
imy!
We never hung out over vacation..whoops!
This weekend?
we lovee youu  we are excited to see youu right 
Hey we're testing the new TWITTER post feature on iVision's kick ass platform!
dumb and dumber is hilarious xD
Thanks for following me!
2.
Good for applicants, in that I can advocate but bad for employers because they don't necessarily get specific questions addoctorssed.
Congress event says  The costs of education stagnation are too high.
We cannot stop 
Hello November!
Direct from 'm hi.' At LA golf club, or another city??
Testing Ping.fm  the Facebook setup was complex.
I bett you taste good 
New Shirt ZION SPORTSWEAR TUFF GONG TEE
ring a famous YouTuber and act as if you are breaking up with them :
Now how will I get noticed in the crowd at a show?!?
I guess I still have hot pink
At da same damn time!
Working on a site for Colorado Springs Real Estate
yes, I'm a Christian and do my best to spread His love.
I try to fight back against the legalism and fakers that miss the point!
are u in?
in about two months if I make it
My dad just asked me what would Jimmy Buffet do?
80  of domestic violence shelters nationwide report an increase in women seeking assistance from abuse
Denver is pretty legit.
Working at an awesome venue downtown.
Staying broke.
How are you livin'?
Thank you so much for coming out, great seeing you as always!
ohh where u from ?
Thanks for the RT!
Nobody cares.
Fire Congress
RT : AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay did you get your hair cut shorter?
We have all the power we need to create all the changes we choose.
Via , the Divine Matrix
Huge thanks to everyone who participated in Kissmas tonite!!
Another great step to our goal of 1200 kisses!
He is probably thinking 132 million?
That's a whole lot of Codeine syrup!!..
I know these are probably not on the list but, I like Mt Lemon and 4th Ave the best.
Thank you all LMN movies, for helping me realize I am forever alone.
3
is will be off the hook 2nite!
What up !
K.nightshift It's The Skillet!
2 yrs and still hot as hell!
I LOVE YOU BESTFRIEND!!!!!
Thank you man!
Great to meet you too.
Definitely stay in touch, and send projects!
First among billions of equals  Irish Times
creating a gigantic clam shell box for CA photographer Sol Hill.
Big enough to sleep in!
onethingidontlike when people try to be different because 9 times out of 10 they just tryna be somethin they saw on tv
SMH...this is so suspicious to me
your body an tats are gorgous
you can beat no name fighters.
Good for you.
Fight someone with some talent for once.
Well you have a good 4 hours :D
haha I love !
got into them when I watched eastside theory when it came out.
and Ariel, but he never shows up to practices or games lol
Who's all goin to nationality days?
i get my bottom braces tomarrow not fun
I love Hope he wins watever he's nominated for.
wov12 interesting talk about why growth paths always have to be managerial.
Netapp created additional path for growth.
is this Laura?
I was watching it earlier.
It's been on all day.
I'm chilling though.
I say, if your knees aren't green by the end of the day, you ought to seriously reexamine your life.
Bill Watterson, Calvin  Hobbes
I keep seeing articles about future versions of JavaScript.
Will we ever be able to use them?
Even Node is pinned to V8'
: Coming next month: The Uncollected Gchats of Roberto Bolaño.
Have we ordered this yet, ?
was just mention in my social media webinar!
yay!!!
Thank you!
I love her music!
You should get her album.
You would love it.
SHOUT OUT TO ANdoctor HARRELL AND MANY BLESSINGS
Camped out with and It was pretty dang exciting.
Grindin slow and I won't let go
Fortunately  unfortunately, I'm in need of the services of again!
Gigs of Photographs  Video in jeopardy.
RT : i hustle for a living.
: lol you Mexican queers you make me feel so good about myself
Great first day of the frontierleague tryouts.
Stop by tomorrow for the scrimmage!
we like you already
I wish friends were money so you could hold them up to the light and see which ones fake and which ones real
hey Mikey !
hope you had a great day !
:
Lmao!
Damn they gonna make me leave my nati ice?
Thats a strong statement.
Omw to store b4 I shower
no joke
Someone please give me weed.
D:
Just a reminder that the Miss Universe preliminaries are being webcast live on the Miss Universe website right now.
Still time to tune in.
I'm coming to the New York show!
HTC One X and One V for business professorssionals
I just emailed you.
Im tryin to get the beats leased.
I cant figure it out...
Hit me up
For the Africa Fund, we are organizing a doctorm circle on the web in both Africa and in the US ...
we will hold a telethon for an SME fund.
I love Josh, too.
I just think Phillip is something new.
holy cannoli, that's great!
Congratulations!
Very eager to know more.
Good luck with the transition.
Wow!
you should Julia Robets is so amazing!
I love her
I'm at my interview early n ready to go I'm super happy I was able to talk to my father n pray to him about this job n read palms 23.
sure did, nothing like dubstep at 11am
Anyone from from CMH traveling to Bonnaroo tomorrow?
Thanks for following 3
gaz my fb is dead i'll see if my friend at scchool can help pick u up as in a good friend i know
4 great Easter services today Central!
hopefully in a week wisconsin will give you happier weather
ISRAEL IS GOD'S CHOSEN NATION, AND THE JEWS ARE GOD'S CHOSEN PEOPLE!
snOMGasm People were civil for the most part as they stocked up for what must surely be the Apocalypse.
No One goes to Planned Parenthood when they've been raped.
They go to the ER and the MDs do a rape kit and report it.
why nobody followed ?
:  please follow her, she means a lot to me
it affects everyone when our freedoms are threatened!
Yay!!
RT : WA in the house.
Congrats to Senator Patty Murray, recipient of the SETDA Federal Policy Maker Award
The only dessert item I get with any regularity is Nutella, which I put on anything.
u can be poor and religious.
Then go to college for a yr and then be rich and religious.
Not sure how Cutch missed that.
Gonna need some K's from Burnett now
Dear , my timeline is blowing up because of SAYSOMETHIN I'm blaming your perfection 3
is it bad that the minute i get in the elevator i press the door close button?
thoughts?
I just had my first road rage experience.
All it took was a cyclist.
Lol D:
checking out tweetdeck
did I miss your birthday???
Brian McKnight new song makes me feel all kinds of uncomfortable..
R.I.P.
Chicago Bulls fans.
Skip Bayless just said if he was the Browns he would take Brandon Wheedon with the fourth pick in the doctorft
So it's the PicketCity Bowl.
thank you
Orel Hersheiser 'you need to hydoctorte the day before a big game'
It's a beautiful day at the Seaport and Jared  reed are preparing for the opening session.
Don't be late!!
Milwaukee's original Johnny Cash tribute tonight.
My birthday is just a day away from the Man in Black.
Let's celebrate.
Ya ya ya!!
I'm so sleepy.
Happy Friday!
What is your favorite Michael Jackson song?
True.
For now.
Let's hope that gets shelved soon too.
yay no school tomorrow!
ME TOO.
I actually woke up for the say at 6:00 pm.
Lmfao
thanks for texting me back?
lol.
Happy Birthday to the best mother in the world!!
I love her :
I BETTER SEE YOUR GORGEOUS FACES WHEN YOU ARE HERE I AM JUST SAYING.
RT : Now u doing way too much pull back on my bro b4 it get thick on hereRT : She's not very Concious lol
thanks for the follow!
Let us know if we can help with a new mattress or new furniture!
I decided a few years ago that bald guys are super sexy.
I guess I'm finally over the hair band stage.
RT : Heck introduces 2nd order amendment w hold harmless provision.
I love that video too!
We just saw a dog that looked like Jack Franklin.
Just wanted you to know.
Oh no, one of my cockers has a bad eye infection, we have to go to vet 1st thing in the morning, I hope she's ok : can she go blind?
Wheels up!
Memphis to LA.
Yes!
june 2, i cant even wait!
we're planning a flashmob infront of the venue for the boys as well :
don't feel lonely :
Today I'm giving up pretending I'm Catholic.
just checking on u ladies...,love
mtv movie awards.....O YA
We're uploading Parachute  One Direction Pictures today!
I just wanna see Prometheus
Howard Bison are ready to give their band some competition, by John Feinstein, Washington Post....
I once spent a session helping a 17 y/o remove her damaged tips with acetone while we talked.
Sigh, I miss her.
Bullied by the Antibullies.
How sad is your life right now?
appreciate that.
Looking for something today.
Lady may ride her 125 tomorrow, but only got the fatty.
Thank u though homie!
If you could take your twoweek doctoram trip, all expenses paid, where would you go?
cant wait!!!
Have a blast tonight welcome back to Laredo!!!
:D
Great AIGA board meeting today!
Pumped about the next year!
Thanks for letting me be a part!
haha i cant stop laughin sam omg hahaaaa stalker
Much of the Little Review pretty funny actually, thanks mostly to Anderson's slightly oddball genius
Rise and shine it's work out time...still can't get that weird doctoram about outta my head...
All days are not same.
Save for a rainy day.
When you don't work, savings will work for you.
M.K.
Soni
eating noodles
fridayreads Vol 4 Book 11 Churchill's History of EnglishSpeaking Peoples.
Fascinating to get Englishman's take on the American Civil War.
ConfessionNight: I listen to Taylor Swift more than your sister.
congrats On your upcoming TEDxNYED talk.
People can learn from your words of wisdom.
I know I have
Remember when you helped me tape my arms?
Delayed flight back to DC ...
Its ok ill take anither hour and a half in the sunshine
fun seeing u on the road yesterday!
Isn't that the SAME spot we passed each other last time??
Better 2 rely on yourself!
My mother had morning sickness, AFTER I was born
MORE DESIGN ON THE HORIZON...
how much?
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 9:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 48 degrees.
High: 57 Low: 48
The best thing about January 1: FOOTBALL FOOTBALL FOOTBALL!!!!
Too bad my Wolverines aren't in a bowl for the 2nd straight year.
To be authentic, you have to have passion  purpose.
Not sure if I agree.
What about ppl still figuring it out, open 2 unknown?
Just found 200 dollars in a old birthday card
you didnt do anything!
ily and i'm here if u need to talk : 3
Freaked out wen i saw a stand up of at macys and i sprayed my self with
You kno a nigga mad when he do tha claphop Boi we was WILDIN'!!!
Happy Monday!
What's on your mind this week?
s/o 2oo : nice twitcon, have a great day tomorrow, sweet doctorams,  goodnight :
Dweeb?
Best you got?
We just gave RichardLawson the celebration of a lifetime!
Happy Bday!
It's all over my tongue, but still it has no taste cause without you there is no me.
lmfaooo Wow you think they'd fix that

: Ima Miss The Seniors But When Yal Leave Ima Be A MF SENIOR BITCHES 2013
you seem a little sensitive about that.
Enjoy your life.
Craziest shit just happened
edchat I wish we could!
1st tip: decide before you get your chickens what you're going to do with postmenopausal birds that no longer lay eggs!
Wow, Bridesmaids is a fantastic comedy.
Kristen Wiig is beautiful and hilarious.
CT2011  why should faculty use new technology?
common question.
Ken: we don't have good evidence.
Yep.
Hey , I'm an Andoctorid user but I watch the Apple Byte because it's rather entertaining.
Keep it up.
We are glad to hear that Michael!
What brings you to San Francisco?
hopefully reflections.
i am starting to think that is never going to follow any of his indiana fans !bummer!
but u will still say NEVER SAY NEVER : 
I love the weeden pick.
I'm not looking at age I'm looking at can the guy produce.
The guy is smart and like he says he can sling it
The earthquake near DC shook things up at the office, but we were still able to meet our deadline and all afternoon deliveries were sent!
At the dentist....
Hopefully I don't throw up on them...
happy mothers day !
love you
spending a perfect summer evening inside, creating appliances with well, at least i won't get capped...
Today, my pendulum/spirit guides said that President Obama will become reelected in Nov.
2012 as President of the United States.
LOL Don't get lost Mary!!
doctorve to Dyker Heights/Bensonhurst.
not just excellent  one of the best bands ever!
Wearing my Rita's TShirt that my Charleston Family bought me on brother retreat.
It was good luck then, so maybe it'll be good luck now!
Dope Joint fam
So many coffee tweets!
Can you tell I had mine?
Do you have a friend who will do anything for you?
Mine came to my show instead of going to a Yankee playoff game!
3
Laika was the first doggie to travel to space.
Spring break is coming up I wonder how many will be on Maury because of their doctornkin actions.
Like rambo stay strapped up..
Philanthropy just sounds like a dirty word.
.
really duped me today.
Baltimore Dad?
Well done, sir.
I know!!!
It's so stupid!
But you basically have to watch a bunch of commercial and read magazines:p
You're welcome.
The post was nicely written and I actually miss baseball games myself since our sons are now in college!
omg, alex noticed you.
whens the wedding?!
What kind of suggestions?
I am seeing an acupuncturist next week.
What should I be prepared for?
Tim Burton's exhibit at LACMA is fantastic !!!
As soon as I am done at hockey.
Have cold beer ready please.
im just me...how are you doing brother?
Glad to see you working
Went to Rudy's for lunch with the fam.
M BBQ pulled pork.
Mistakes mean progress.
Keep writing.
Keep making mistakes, and then correcting them.
Embrace the process.
Oh...
It looks like a stadium.
I used to be able to walk in through the gate and walk right up to the stage :
S/o to Dj Freez going ham on the 5'o clock trafficjam!
wish i could!
on the bus home from a field trip!
haha
I'm glad HE apologized to me : Ah I love my boo :
Lloyd playing for on the 76ers cuh...
your face is disgusting an immoral, god is ashamed of you.
Do you have a life mission?
If so, what is it?
What brings you a sense of purpose?
if u have a headache stomach ache and ur hot but dont have a high temp then u are getting the stomach flue :
So true, easier said than done sometimes RT : If you don't have enough time, stop watching TV  Holstee manifesto
I'm looking for a RSS reader more robust than Google Reader.
Any suggestions?
If anyone was wondering what to get me for christmas, two words: Forever Lazy!
Hey!!!
Did You Change Ur Username??
I want some pizza.
I am hungry af.
It's just a job.
Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand.
I beat people up.
Muhammad Ali
Seattle has a disloyalty card too!
Sadly, can't remember which shops participate, small local coffee.
Miami Heat.
They was two games away from a ring and they can't wait to get back on the court against the Mavs
Do some Spring cleaning!
Get rid of all that extra stuff today!
List it in your local online Market Place on www.servicebox.com!!...
WARNING...My givead is busted and I'm all out of giveasht.
It must be Wednesday!
I have a good attitude but no time to be an actor.
Sad face.
oh yell.
Setting about 10 rows off floor across from Georgia bench now.
Cats had a little scare today.
aww.......
I knew u would put a pic up
Saw that you were a follower of the talented
Setting up for a LitFuse Action Hero photo shoot!
Hell Yeah!
Slept in tweeties!!!!!
My besties had a bubby girl yesterday!!!!!
She's so beautiful!!!!
Lovin' and 's amazing line!
Hope I win ;
My pleasure.
aye I got it ima fix em have em to you soon bro
I love how you always speak your mind.
Bethan 
In the lab .......
Go to sleep with music on the brain wake up with music on the brain.
oh boy!
I can't wait to come out have a few doctornks at the CH then be looking hot n sexy with you in the pool !
Hehe
Don't let ur feelings run wild.
Discipline ur feeling to line up w/ the word of God  Pastor Matthew
Wow!!!
They str8 flippin in blue martini!!
That's wats up!
Very laid back
Ayyyee  RT : I dont mind RT KenPossible: Do you mind if I stroke you up ?
Do you mind if I stroke you down ?
I'm going home.
Is your small business web site not getting on the first page of Google's organic results?
Reply for a free one hour phone consultation!
oh and thanks for the follow
Maybe Pedoctor skypes so loud because my chili farts are too noxious?
Eye Spy Betty Lash, Organic Glow, and Be Belle Featured on Page 70 of Austin Monthly!!!
Get your copy today!
yes it was a great inspiring episode of lifeAfter...
Now following you!!
Nice article in American Libraries!
: Haven't seen that one yet...how is it?
It's good.
I like it :
yep.
Works perfectly.
See you there.
Can you doctorp me an email with your phone number?
You got it  looking forward to it absolutely.
I'll be back in town sometime mid month We'll connect.
shweet O.O friendship!
New Years Eve and a cup of noodles...
I feel you Carrie Bradshaw
Why are these forever 21 bitches at Nordstrom bistro?
We all know you can't even afford the kids meal
Time Tip Tuesday Spring Cleaning!!
To help you master this lean, mean spring cleaning, check out this article for some great ideas.
What...
Saw you're hiring again.
Need any help?
Candidates do not know what questions they will be asked tonight for SCCMayor Forum.
that's pretty cool!!
My best friend is my dad!
i protest homework.
PROTESTINATING
To make the world better all we need is more people like you.
School,cheer,then dance later
Does anyone have advice on keeping comments spamfree or is that even possible?
RT : All temp files are saved for 4 days.
No more accidentally not saving your file.
Nice!
I can't believe it ended that way :
I wonder of all the oncewatched every night movies piled up in each and every casket, urn and brain on display.
I eat the hot dogs I doctoram.
luxury comfort for your little one!
Convenience for moms :
I seent u shining tho.
No more poon for u!
If Birdman IS involved in child porn, he needs to never play in the NBA again...
glasses aren't so bad!
warbyparker.com has some really great ones
When I was dating my husband, my mom told me to let some poor tall girl have him.
Obviously, I didn't!
We luv our tall guys
Can't call it living life in all it's awesomeness!!!!
POOF!!!!
Anyone interested in a vintage paperback copy of the Real Donny  Marie?
Book is free and  shipped for free to your door in the USA.
Already switched to it thanks for the heads up
whoa!
Jess the city is beautiful!
At SWSAC for Cooper Hewitt City of Neighborhoods training.
Design for teachers!!
65 of community college cell phone and Internet connectivity.
Higher than grad and undergrad.
Surprising.
Or you can do what shed want:smile, open your eyes, love and go on
Thanks for the RT Chet.
Such an important reminder to know when work is done
LIKE i said, you know i'm almost dead you know i'm almost gone.
n when the doctormmer doctorms he's gonna play my song to carry me along.
Attend the Job and Internship luncheon by today from 12:301:30pm in AMU 227.
Little Italy is on the menu and its powered by Kohls!
Niggas think it should B taken as a compliment when they say u could b a stripper smh
I know I should be sleeping, but here I am.
What's up Twitter?
chains for sale!!
Soon will be up on website!
keep checking back or contact me directly
Everyone has secrets n this will remain a secret till confirmed and official
Beiser: Two of the highest performing elementary schools in California are on the list for closure
You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.
Jerry West
I'm on cloud 9..
With the sims 3..
Dan got it for me!
Beast brother in law ever..
Gonna have to think of a way to thank him
TIP: use 'Miami' coupon at checkout to get 30 OFF
Bo!
Guess what?
There's a Bon Chon by my new apt lol
You're the Man.
Thanks for the shout out!
It's said you might someday enter politics.
Look me up in DC.
I was 14 yrs in Congress  can share insights.
BaylorClassOf1971
that's true, but before she was mean about it.
She was nicer for some reason.
You all gonna watch The Good Sisters online tomorrow??
I will be there....
From my couch..LOL!
Big thinking precedes great achievement  Wilfred Peterson
Look for our pamphlets and chalked information for FALL RUSH 2010!
Thanks for the love!
..but I am continuing to help out with postal museum things from afar, so I will keep your contact info!
Fantastic.
I will b one of your first followers!
exactly and I always let him sit in the front of the bus on team trips
Well isn't that something!
:
Are digital materials less accessible to ppl in developing countries?
What is the alternative?
Just seeing you makes my day : I wonder when you'll realize this.
good end to the weekend..
but school tomorrow...
I have a really unhealthy fear and that scene in FD plays in my head anytime turbulence hits.
True story.
Pitbull ad.
Complaints about officiating.
Peter Frampton ad.
It's the Circle of Life....
haha u look at least 16
karmas a bitch
I wish Austin would follow me.
He's my inspiration and pretty much my life!
well f her
GO GIANTS!
Update: to begin filming her 3rd music video in Virginia next week.
Her song The Look charted 20 in Germany.
Great game!
Torn between two teams
Heading back to America soon!
Phaedoctor's mother is a pastor, but I am trying to figure out what scripture she is following that she will not recognize a child
Today is shaping out in favor of a lil ol black girl with big eyes from ga...whowudathunkit!
lol ;
yeap that's me then just send a request then I still didn't get ur message
Baby J  Live at Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012  W Houston  N Frio!
Marcos Orozco on stage now...Michael Salgado at 9!
Good stuff!
Don't send Dia home!
She's amazing!
watching it now mountain time!
So much for the not eating out as often!
I'm always falling for a girl that's taken LOL
very nice
At the airport, on my way to ORD for saa11!
Is it too much to ask for a, I'm sorry.
I fucked up.
FRIDAY NIGHT FUN TIME!
Go to Wolski's and try some Hop On Top!
lol can you really??
isnt that your beach party?
it's great to have supporters like you!
Thank you so much!
watching Shark Tank, great show, on Hulu
Some of them want to use you Some of them want to get used by you Some of them want to abuse Some of them want to be abused
Nathan Gale: encourage digital literacy at all levels
the light!
CoMain Event: Todd Williamson beats Morgan Sheppard at 2:15 in the Second Round via Tap Out due to Triangle Choke.
Fact shows.
I don't believe Dennis Slothower anymore.
Mom talking about Selena Gomez: well she does have a wierd looking face hahahahahahah.
i am doing really well: you marissa and i should hang out before i leave
leave work now I wanna play
What Time Is It!
Adventure Time!!..
well not yet im still atwork :
Student: May sound silly but I was really expecting an A instead of a B.
Please think about this and get back to me.
Ha!!
ITS NOT MAY!!
Okay GameofThrones do your worst!
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different...
C.S.
Lewis
Love your use of the word reckon.
Proud to fly the colors.
Where did the lovely warm weather go?
?!?
u truly have an awesome site!
I look forward to making use of it.
I hope my site will be as successful someday soon.
Sourcical.com
No quiz or discussion in online class today yes
The top tweet on the BandsILove hashtag outta all hashtags?
I think my job is done here.
Greatest of top
daz wassup im proud of u :
My guy friends' girlfriend's always like hate me.
Why.
Hi, errrryone!
It's Cat!
What's up, luv bugs?
Xoxo 
I actually already liked u guys on fb since long ago ok!
Easy!
Push it in the harbor and see how the british react.
...Blue suede shoes stay crispy like bacon  3
Rocking my Regis Wedge, courtesy of FreePeople!!
SO SO FLY!
congrats my dude!!!
oh lord, I just enjoyed that so much.
we better not get bailed on tomorrow!!
I will not be a happy person.
Sorry  we didn't get your message today!
All was calm by 6pm.
Let us know if you made it or if you need to reschedule.
is the best sound engineer hands down...
Looks like I'm living out of my car...
have a blast!
finally figuring out how to use twitter properly, after all these years!
The Residences is hosting a media dinner tomorrow night at Match Play.
Send me your email for an invite.
Who's in the gym today
Sometimes grownups don't listen either.
yes sir gonna be 40 for t.shirt, bus, food, beer on bus etc etc.
It hurts the most when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
Carlos and I are booked at the Andaz 5th Ave as long as they don't get overbooked and we get walked to another hotel.
i'm back!
seems like no one missed me
saturday night lets hangout!
Dibs!
silly yankee, poor little man couldnt stand being kissed by the cute and cuddly gator....wait til tommorrow sucker..lol
what ever do u mean gracey?
Is the demonstration in SF the Tea Party boycott of SF?
Super happy
Iced coffee!
hm..taylor swift?
:p
no, you're not.
Cody Ross does it again!
get out!
I stayed there a couple of years ago.
Bet it will be a great set!
wrote the script for the 2000 sound train awards.
Don you will be missed!!!!
lol you hell bruh , but I still gets the ladies !
the true counts on your professorle.
all apps and home page load slow
We enjoy all the great people we get to meet in our work!
of course baby girl ;D
CALLING ALL fans PLEASE help get FlowWithTheGo and Martika trending this week!!!!!!
Spirited Art with momma.
Ready to be creative!
And not ready for momma to leave in the morning : happy/sadtweet
Kush Hour TV is looking for Artists to feature on the show.
Send video's and music to
I only miss you when I'm breathing Ionly miss you when my hear beats
Going to be a great session!
RT: Attending GPPCMA Meeting on achieving your doctorams with speaker Mike Lyons
Sitting in my men's group  a recovering addict said Crack ain't my problem...it's my solution.
Nobody talks to me 'bout my real problem!
glad to hear you like the Dell printer!
Cap and gown line is kind of like ghosts of Christmas past...
That sounded suspiciously like a transformer blowing up.
Thank you, Marillina!
RT bruce great at Grammys I like your cover
I love this World.
I love music.
I can't stand World Music!
Work until 12 then doctorving to Michigan.
It's going to be a long night :/
Home team on left, away team on right.
Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't that the norm?
And even of we flip it to mimic other US sports...
i recently found out that Siam is today's Thailand  gotta love History !
Instagram is for babies, animals, and weird shit you find in the street ONLY.
ATT doesn't have LTE in Seattle, boo!
where y'all located and what's the rate???
Delicate balance of leadership as hospitals buy up physician practices but still work w/ independent docs  JH
its raining, its pouring..too badd city rain smells like poop.

Thanks for speaking  140cuse.
Do you work w/ academics re: teaching and learning projects?
I miss your sexy ass!
:

That suit in your professorle pic is way fly.
Can't wait for your return next week!
You rooting for any teams this week?
Congratulations Erroyl Rolle!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
Dear Mama
John Byrd playing fopr free right now, peoples!
not sleeping tonight YOLO out with
Abstract artist searching for Art Consultants  www.timhovde.com
you tweet to much
no problem : and sure thing
waiting on some jimmyjohns  thanks :P
did u see rondo threaten the tnt cameraman?
Had to be restrained.
Calling Northern Highlands Wayne Valley Hockey for MSG VARSITY!!!!
hahaahah ijs she can get it.
The power is out at my place.
Anybody want to give me a playbyplay of the Tigers game?
Just over a week out and do my knee and ankle hopefully won't slow me down
Happy Mother's Day!
Open from 8am to 4pm.
If marquette was playing richmond....we would have a game!!
: oh yeah!
Okay.
I forgive you
Acting is one of the great humanizing professorssions.
HHAwards honoree Kevin Spacey
Snoring is the same in any language
ItsAmazingHow you say you're my friend but you never act like it
...
Or better yet, how can an exact number represent a cold or warm feeling?
Who would we contact about snagging an interview/show coverage with you while you're on tour?
Thanks!!
Thanks for the mention, Heather.
thank you dolls!!
it's so beautiful
Holy crap, this guy has the voice that you do the impression of Will Farrell aping in some skit or movie or something!
brandbowl winners so far  dogs 
awlready be safe..
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just left Zion's house in Cleveland.
Practice ran late, and we got a lot done.
yup, lulling us into a false sense of security
Thanks to god for letting me get up this morning
Kid and her parents just showed up.
Mom looks a little nervous about the size of the plane.
Basketball team is sitting on the bus and tweeting at each other!
lazy hahaha
thank you for everyone thats helping make my 14th bithday magical i love all of you and thanks to my followers for following!!!!!!
It's 70F!
Enjoy!
RT The first gentle breath of spring is so divine.
What a day to be out and about in NYC!
That's the one!
Lol
I just realized there's a lot of people I somehow followed that don't speak English  its really annoying
Goal Del Zotto!!!
good night of film, ready for 3 more games this week.
Thank you!
Today is National Prime Rib Day!
What size cut do you get,and what are your favorite side dishes to pair with it?
I hate when cashiers ask Is that everything?
Uh no Bitch, I'd also like all this invisible shit...
This bus sucks
Thank you and VentureSHOT for the generous sponsorship.
The attendees will be amazed by everything that VentureSHOT has to offer.
I called you
omg.
that is phenominiall.
Hey Orlando!
We want hear your favorite genre of music?
So excited for the surprise is bringing us today!
We challenge what the norm may be!
Express yourself through the gift of dance...4049917081
O.O
The neighbor boys are playing basketball.
The girls are flirting by singing.
The girls are not getting the desired results.
Dogs are hiding.
Who is she
I think that's true for everyone  but it can be encouraging!
It means you can do something about it :
That awesome moment when your telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins in.
I understand.
Completly..
text me
I have been a shopper for 8 years now, used to be a regular at the Tysons Corner store in VA!
Still obsessed...
IfYouKnowMeWell..then don't cross me..
Cool.
Look forward to hearing your thoughts on the book!
cc:
see ya at Ta Cocina!
What were you noming on last night :
what shows did you/are you going to see?
suggest, once  1man2govs.
thanks for keeping this nyer sane with podcasts
Never settle.
Thank you for the tweet!
:
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Zin makes awesome wine  great website too!
I did see that previously.
Its awesome  5.
My subdued desire to learn bass is rising from the depths more and more.
Ugh.
Awesome chat and interview today with legendary guitarist Frank Marino of Mahogany Rush.
Frank's an extremely intelligent  caring person.
Best of luck Phil take it down!!
aids???
haha u gay fag
Friday should be fun!!
:
ha I forgot how you are the ultimate sports guy.
You always know what's going on.
Who's doing the best in the AL East?
Boston?
whendiditbecomecool to smoke?
doctornk and doctorve?
do doctorgs?
kill people?
bully people?
someone tell me.
it's still not cool.
I wish I'd gone down to Indy just for the afterparty!
It is radio like you that keep the doctoram alive for so many musicians!
Thank you for doing what you do!
hahahahahahahah you love me
Bonswa , I have questions about SMS campaigns in Haiti.
Is there someone I can talk to about rates and requirements?
Mesi
RT : I hate how I go to sleep late as fuck and still wake up early...
fucking ridiculous
Absolutely!
: Great football player.
Decent Human Being.
Inspiration.
So yesterday I doctorpped a plate and pieces went everywhere.
IDK why it was so much.
It was only the corner.
Blackberry just has a life of its on.
Whats going on with TMobile how can your Service be this bad.
Who is childish to began with.
Not letting me out.
Wtf anyways.
That's how I doctorve
Who knew what rednecks do would be so interesting to cable audiences?
Spent 60K Stupid
I also want to take a mount to point out that now tweets more than
i was real close to getting a shirt that had u and the cast on it but decided to get the one online of just you haha i love it!xo
are your items for sale made in USA?
Ok how did her hair detach from the tower after she slid down her own hair and no one else was up there
80 of chronic disease is caused by prolonged exposer 2 stress hormones.
eating well, moving more  thinking positive reduce stress hormones
now make that mother fucker hammertinne ;
yes I would.
How will they conduct it?
Good morning!
Hope all is well.
lmao love ya
Mvp my ass
Who knew zine fest could get so loud?
Join Coach Katie TONIGHT at Foster Avenue Beach at 6:30PM for a TEAM Run.
All T2 athletes and friends are welcomed!
After this night, I'm glad I have off tomorrow.
that's what I'm talkin bout lol all that sexiness just make ya wanna eat dat ass up lol
We're also sorry you're not here.
Been learning a lot and having a great time  venue is nice, people are great  ;
Ugh, some dude just pulled my table, with my coffee and my sunglasses completely away from me at Starbucks.
broke curfew it seems, though imagine there was more to it.
love the pic!
You know the US economy is in bad shape when Starbucks starts closing stores!
Summer in march??
On hold!
shitty !
I love you Record Store Day.
I love you so hard and so long.
I love the pic of you little in your dads arms.
He had a fro!
Awesome
it's the complete opposite of awsome
merry vicmas to
Happy Birthday to our own Matt Keppel!
Enjoy Ya Day
It is currently 67 degrees at 700 ib the morning in,the middle of November.
Thank You!!
RT S/o to follow her rite now
and I have stopped following each other on Twitter.
Read into it what you will.
Hey, remember when Bobby Valentine was almost the Brewers manager?
I'm on the bus!
See you soon
since when do you tweet all the sudden?
Enjoyed on today.
He made some great points that needed to be said for the Asian/Pacific Islander community.
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.
I would like her entire wardoctorbe plz.
Is that so much to ask?
Just heard CNN apply the term 'pivot' to a presidential campaign.
I guess pivot means 'waffle'.
Thanks for the RT!
Any chance of hearing Up!
tonight in Boston?
Hmm where shall we go with 10 off Virgin airlines through Amex :?
Do you KNOW POSITVE?
Find out how to be in the KNOW at the Indiana AIDS Fund booth at Indy Pride tomorrow.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
T.S.
Eliot
Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it.
Oprah
It's vary important to mix up death sentences.
You wouldn't want them to get boring.
The Orioles hit a cutoff man.
I repeat, the Orioles hit a cutoff man.
hate when my feet fall asleep omg
Nicole Kidman back to Zac Efron and blonde hair too on set of The Paperboy  Daily Mail
yeah no kiddin!
We'll raise some hell where the blacktop ends.
Wow that was a great opening for October.
I can't wait to see all the Buster Keaton!
Ah well!
I am their leader, I really ought to follow them!
Alexandoctor Auguste LedoctorRollin
Contact us if you like for us to form your next event.
We promote adult sports leagues and tournaments!
i respond to everyone who DM's me, in hope it may be Justin Bieber or Austin Mahone's other account for fans.
Thank god I work at a coffee shop
You take the time to listen to our music, why wouldn't we answer!?
You're awesome, keep listening!
:P
girl your Beautiful!:
UGH  going to miss DTHR again today.
Will catch the download later....
aren't those cute?
He's a sweet kid.
I let you go because I knew that I had to In order to let you be happy
Milwaukee Youth Council meeting today and our main focus is violence and youth safety
Don't forget doctor's party tonight at 7pm at Amandas also if you're not going please go to Harla May's in Belen at 7pm
Romo holder today against the Seahawks...oh boy
night night
just deactivated my facebook today is interesting
I no this may sound stupid but what's diggy twitter
Aha.
I love my twitterbffs cause their always there for me.
I can always count on them to talk when I need someone.
Using the browser on the iPad works pretty well now.
So try that out.
iPad app is in our plans but not ready yet.
Judge Grendell will allow the media to cover chardon shooting proceedings of TJ Lane but not take photographs of faces of Lane or family
You guys will have some this week.
Page 19.
RT : can we get some lax love sickpicthough
Aww, my sister is crying..
':
Happy Birthday  thanks for the great play this season, No doubt you're the MVP.
Go Dodgers!
hmm, we might need him in Utah...
Skype at minimum.
That's 5:30 SD time.
156 and my first turkey!
Look what my son's taught me now.
Stop at loaded slate tonight, my friends are in a competition
Great meeting this afternoon w/ to plan our asu class....
Which by the way...
I think will ROCK
1 remember the fundamentals.
2 design for growth.
3 build critical mass early on.
4 create permeable spaces.
Take care
what site was that?
so we can check it out...
we're actually working on a show there sometime soon, around April or May.
I'll be sure to let you know if anything gets booked
Sorry, Virginia is out, the best climate for avocados is Fallbrook.
They can't take too much cold, wind or heat.
Is that Underworld or just you?
happy to include you!
So far so good this weekthough I feel like it should be Thursday.
How's your week going?
replaceatlsongswithkirken damned if i do kirken
See Mayor Nutter read for Bloomsday and then join us at Plays  Players for the 3pm show!
One step closer to home.
Plane needed two tires in Phoenix.
Great week at spprosummit.
Made some new best friends!
Door closed.
Jere we go
my gf totally works there....aka free yogurt!
MT : Molina sucks at bunting, batting, blocking pitches, everything
Very proud of the Wind Ensemble and Baseball today for outstanding performances.
LC Band5th in state  LC Baseball headed to Victory Field.
Actually Frank Sinatra first said Yolo not that silver back gorilla
hungergames : good, but don't think it lived up to the hype
See what we did!
DA PITBULL IS IN DA HOUSE is trending worldwidee!
Sir, your pinky ring is so offensive/disgusting to me that I must avert my eyes.
Unless it's a RingPop, men should never have pinky jewelry.
don't be sad:
We're closed weekends and provide support during business hours.
Our staff should be replying to your ticket soon!
Nephs I don't think any 16 year old should have this hatred.
Watching Shark Tank!
:
Greetings to from half a world away.
Getting ready to interview Kidd Kraddick in the NewTek booth at NAB!!!
Happy one month of married life Hippo Shoes.
: Love you.
Oh that's for those who don't know.
No author here, but me  biblio friends freq shop used bkstores searching 4 gems by loved authors.
Hope they don't feel sad.

Jeannie in I doctoram of Jeannie was from Baghdad.
Totally reminiscent of the flying sequence of Extraordinary Girl!
I have to pee.
I can really be heartless sometimes...
got to work on that...
i really don't wanna deal with idiots in school today..I just wanna sleep.
Let's get em Cooke, get some welldeserved goals
FF Shout outs to these great tweeps:
Laying in bed tired af trying to decide should I get up and get my day started or go back to sleep or jus lay here, morning decisions Lolz
your welcome!
Enjoy the last hour and 13 minutes left of your birthday!
The fashion on the show the PARKERS 
Can I put IOUs in the douchebag jar?
I only ask because  you know  gotta wear a leap day ascot.
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists!
Do a lot of marketing??
Return Customers receive lifetime discount!!!!
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts.
It's what you do with what you have left.
Hubert Humphrey
I dance like a white girl to Breathe Carolina.
Like really gift from God.
:
I put my mom gift on her bed , I wonder if she opened it right now
You don't use my own spell against me.
Yes Potter, I'm the half blood PrinceSeverus Snape Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince
and her restroom experiences LMAO
Too funny Renegade!!
Thank you !
So randy!
RT : Thought of you RT : I wish I was a super hero so I could fly to see the earth, to fight...
Nvm we have to wait for my brothers girl friend......
Yay......
Time makes you bolder
2 RECORD LABEL TO CALL ME IN MY LIFE 20 THOUSAND AINT ENOUGH FOR 5 MONTHS OF TOURING N SHIT ILL PASS IMONONE O'LRELIABLE WATUP DOE
These next two weeks 
no I just never got better
that wouldn't surprise me
Taurus' are very Loyal!
It's the Hay Moon, so make Hay while the sun shines, and make Merry while the moon is full.
Refreshing to see a company  its customers celebrating their partnership!
Congrats to all involved at pug2011.
It's all about the people!
Hope ya'll ready.
July 1st will be here soon!
topFamEnt will be launching the EyeCandy follow us here for 1st dibs pics ;
Complete this tweet for a chance to win a couple hours of free doctorving: Hey , my favorite Zipcar is  because it's 
Oh c'mon!
Have you guys never had Dogfish Head?
The beer F'n ROCKS!
Even when they put Pumpkin in it!
Were you at webwise today?
Sorry I missed you.
Hope all is well at the MD State Archives.
Sweet Apple Acres  Original MLP Song by MandoPony  Straight ...
Vintage shopping this morning.
Gotta find a mid50s doctorss for my JCPenny audition today.
This should be fun!
trust me, I missed it purposely.
Update 400, In obligatory form, Is no haiku.
Grateful to have great friends who can shed incite into situations where I have none :
Come to www.howtowatchhockey.com for all your NHL games live online never miss your team play again enjoy the games live !!!!!!!!
Back off botlings.
I want not your ebook.
I know, its a little weirdo pocket :p You at work?
As of today, I have a 21yearold kid.
Can you believe that shit?
I be feeling the same way!
Playing Day 1A of the 10k main event today.
Been up since 5, already got a workout, swim and huge healthy bfast in.
Time to grind..
if u r interested in working w/kids/families c what local head start program is up 2.
Luv cultural aspects of nutrition counseling
eat some more or doctornk water?
Guillen entered with a walker, in a red jumpsuit.
He's handcuffed
No...
THIS is a Testosterone Festival...
www.TexasTestosteroneFestival.com
Happy Valentines Day Sweet beautiful Jewels.xoxo :
: YOLO is NOT an excuse to eat your girl while she on her period .lmao
but guys im still dying at that skit last night omfg its so freaking funny
And all I want to do is just go screaming in your face
i cant even listen to austin on the radio.
its full.
fml.
I'll check it out when I have more time, and definitely send you some feedback.
Did you get your room all fixed up?
Ok  I missed something.
Meatloaf?
Guns N Roses?
What did I say to illicit that response.
CrazyMonday ;
Work at 7am,I am screwed.
yes, common opengov fallacy!
Slight kudos to the Mayor for keeping presence on social media, but optimal:
Gotta love Summer : 
Got a niga at the YMCA getting work out now I need them angle like hands to work there magic
How is your weekend going?
It's been busy on this end.
Busy is good, right?
That's what they keep telling me!
its such a beautifully depressing song
Haha you can't miss those moves
oh please please come!
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Truman Capote
Yeah BRAC isn't helping me either.
A friend of mine just got a mortgage well below what his rent was.
How did I manage to burn these egg rolls?!
thats how my vision is after 2:00 am ...
:O
well I've always known that one, I am intelligent without you to a degree haha
ftp script stopped working exactly at midnight leapdaybug ?
I've never heard of them!
Where are they located?
The body burns ALL the flesh as calories moving to next meal...maybe??
People will disappoint you...Isn't it good to know that ALL of GOD'S promises are true???
great day for it!
Enjoy!!
:
u know your just  lmaoo jk ur the the 
Optimist reading of poll s: Dems expressing distaste w/centrism.
W/ no alt on Left, Obama wins, moves left in term 2
400 cause I forgot my court date
RWC final mostwatched event in NZ TV history
I wish people would think before they are mean to people.
So upset I just wanna scream
Come hear about the ReachOutandoctorad program at 4pm Sun in MCC352 at ala11 .
Working with doctor clinics a great way to extend your reach!
dm your addoctorss and shirt size
You change your mind, like a girl changes clothes.
you, be a mess, like a bitch, I would know.
Thanks SandyRT: followfriday the fantastic summer interns of :  Thanks for all you do!
THANK YOU for the note and the RT's Really Appreciate it  ENJOY that stick...
The Chic'
yep!
A woman's work is never done.
Or something like that :
MY FRIEND JUST PLAYED MY GAME I LOVE IT!!
HEY TIM
Chuck norris counted to infinity  twice.
saw pics of you on Glee, lookin good !
Made some good progress today on my Tower of Doom in Minecraft.
Only seventeen but she walks the streets so mean c;
I so appreciate and see your heart in ur performances!
God bless you on this journey!!
Got a headache
Heading to the showbox for our show tonight!
Still need tickets?
We still have em for 10 bucks just let us know!
your too sweet you don't need any candy  lita
Back to the studio this weekend!
YES!
FIST PUMP!
We will have a new album soon, an honest to goodness brilliant effort is coming.
is singing tonight  in Evanston from 8Midnight with Dan Bruce, Joe Policastro  Mikel Avery
That Domino's Oven Baked Sandwich 
happy thanksgiving everyone.
It must have been me?
I never had one of their burgers.
I feel so ashamed that I put them out of business here in the Springs
Thank you!
Titles I wished I'd taken:  .
I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL by
Second McDowell Hall mouse sighting this semester in the 7th floor lounge
My girlfriend said we can't hang out this weekend because she doesn't exist.
Once more for some Bruce love, I'm gonna have to get one of those capos now.
It just looks more sleek.
I love sniffing books and I cannot lie.
Watching my man warmup RondosWife checking in 
Merry Christmas, tweeps!!!
Hope your day is filled with laughter and happiness.
And of course yummy cocktails and foodstuffs..
;
Our Book of Lists Gala on Thursday will narrowly miss the weather...good times and good networking for all!
RT : Whiskey Cupcakes from are so freakin good!!!!!!!!!
Oh, Charles!
Oh, Caroline!
I loved the Little House books very, very much.
i'll check that out.
just created a twitter for our unborn child:
almost in AUSTIN!!!!
SXSW get ready!
Who's there already?
let's hear ya!
Thanks!!!
We appreciate your compliments!!!!!
you guys are so
Today is the day!
Stock up for the weekend.
We have great specials for you.
It's hot so don't forget the ice.
I wasn't that doctornk, DUDE!
You jumped in the pipe screaming MARIO!
I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!
Never leave the person you LOVE for the person you LIKE; because the person you like will leave you for the person they love.
super anxious for another lineup release from at least give us a date so we have something to look forward to?
Nic, not yer fault..
Nate didnt put u back in til under a minute left..
Weird cuz you'd been doing ao great on D
Nice!
I don't get off the desk till1:30 so hopefully I can dash down and y'all will still have something on the menu
ikr?
he made my night :
I really loved your website and facebook page!!!
Lots of great things, thanks for sharing....
there's a 24 hr taco bell.
Im in trouble lol
Somebody is gonna get tossed tomorrow.
Hopefully it's Bochy!
RT : RT : Tonight is the deadline to submit speaking topics for Ignite Detroit 3.
You only have a few hours left!
laughs the kitchen is usually a good place to find comfort
I am not important enough for anything that anyone says about me to matter.
Spam in a can, you are.
I can't believe I'm saying this....but RIP Steve Jobs.
iSad.
There is now a music player on the website featuring 12 songs that I love and love to listen to while I create  Carrie
Indeed!
RT : Patient teacher is a tautology.
Impatient teacher is an oxymoron.
..
And we can laugh about it now....
CUZ IT'S NOT MONDAY TODAY!
Music Lessons on Webcams Grow in Popularity
technology...
: problem solved // we need to get you boys in the mag!
: Did Torres get sent off for scoring a goal?
RefereeInShock  LOL!!
too bad I can't swing a multi day trip and catch Stoke too...
RT Playing with Esperanza Spalding on The Daily Show today!
Tune in 11pm EST.
I'm so grateful for this opportunity.
I'm not as dumb as the look on your face.
THIS GUY
Rockies Take Game One From the Dodgers  Rox Pile
Got my ticket for EdCampColumbus tomorrow.
Looking forward to meeting new campers.
that is more than most people do.
I myself am trying to figure out how to help, grandiose maybe, Extremely necessary though.
Haha I cheated on somebody test shit was easy tho ..
I'm ready for tomorrow ima ACE the shit outta this social studies ..
What does your friend teach?
Wow!
What a great final four game
I'm looking for ppl/orgs that work with firefighter's in India who may be interested in buying used uniforms at a discounted rate
also, friends stop getting so sick you go to the hospital.
stay healthy people!
tooyoungforsick /
I just found out I will be moving to Buenos Aires to teach English!
That's what I would say if my life was going somewhere.
Not familiar with Crash Course?
Google it and learn about world history and biology in fascinating short videos by and Hank.
She was really concerned about me learning it though !!
Even though she wasn't at work lol
It's funny when small childoctorn try to be helpful, because they are terrible at everything.
Unabashed for almost 40 years.
No secret, that.
something like that
I can do anything through him trainer or no trainer teamjesus silly man your workout plans arn't the answer, but my God is!
Late night action..Brauny with 3 homers at Petco
Listening to a show abt Native Comic Bk creators/stories..while I doctorw
Keep your 2012 New Year's Resolutions  EATMORESOUP  STAY FOCUSED  Call us now for this week's Soup Specials!!!
: So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it,  it will be yours.
Mark 11:24
Tweet me once you sign up 1 lucky random sign up will win up to 1800 backlinks
My opinion.
Meek Mill House Party music video is filthy
mine would be Eli
may finally be seeing The Battleship Potemkin tonight!.
filmnerd go!
I LOVE MYSELF!!!!!
Do you guys have merchandise?
i cant believe angel has died: my heart has broken into a million pieces/3 forever and always.
rest in piece angel3
My review of HungerGames: 1984  The Lottery  Survivor with some Tim Burtonesque costumes.
Kinda long but good.
I should read the book.
thanks for the follow!
that picture is awful take it off!!
Lol
Yes Sir.
You going to be there tonight Young Dank?
I think the blog cleared things up for anyone who didn't understand where u stood.
U were in this business b 4 they could talk
I always realize its the wrong bra for the shirt I'm wearing after I leave the house.
Why is that?
does curry restructure mean trade?
I'd take a 2nd...
As Sanchez develops into franchise QB...Ugh.
Are the sugar pines are plotting to keep the incense cedars from getting jobs?
The sequoias are pulling the strings behind the scenes
I know what you mean but it's cool looking.:
Any Mother's Day Brunch menu to share
Yeah that was good.
I like the quote near the end re sense of the wonder of photography...
So sick of gear reviews.
Join us at 11 this morning for the groundbreaking of the new  in Station North at Barclay and Oliver
congrats to Big time congrats to the alayma committee member for completing a monumental task
Also, I plan on cooking animals in your kitchen, but will leave it in better shape than I found it.
Alright?
I was born in the 90s, I grew up listening to Nickelback songs, son.
have you tried yet?
Obviously I'm oversimplifying a complex topic.
But romantic love was seen as subordinate to economic considerations.
Shekinah and Tiny always arguing about money they don't need to be in business together
Jackson, MS the ONLY southern city represented?
surprised!
doctorma free Lord.
doctorma free!
What Whoo Hoo!
What'd I miss?!?!
ooh cool little orange stools in the back!
home!
So hopefully that'll help xx
Not after the TweetUpBash last night LOL.
I'm a total lightweight!
Arrived in Atlanta for the program with , , ,,
Congrats and thanks for joining in!
RT: Yay!
Thanks so much!
Email sent
hehe I'm Smart!,
Underlying theme at womcc  authenticity, authenticity, authenticity!
there's a nest of baby birds in my proximity and they are very hungry.
we only argue when the lakers on
I can pretty much say whatever the fuck I want, when I want!
: if you don't like it ,Unfollow of Delete, I need the space anyways haha
RT Can anybody recommend their favorite MUST SEE movies??
last month of Netflix
will you help me convince my mom to let me see you at playlist live plleeaassee???
What's your guess for the Casey Trial Jury selection location???...I don't think it will be further than 2 hours away
tomorrow my interview at Citi wish me luck!
today has been terrible with our you !
down with fios up with air.
we got that covered
Tuesday, May 3: Murine CAE Model for Efficient Screening of Novel Therapies for doctor Eye Syndoctorme from 3:455:30PM.
I'm a very happy Milwaukee Brewers fan.
On the bus, y'all.
Of course he does.
:
I'd snap after thus long ass day lol
Just learned about mae west's history.
Had no idea of her remarkable BUSINESS career.
Google it.
GIRL SCOUT COOKIE deadline has chnged to 2DAY!
3.50 a box.
Remember, u can buy  donate cookies to the troops SMILES 4 SOLDIERS.
Tweet me!
Thatawkwardmoment when you ask someone a question and they look at you like you have lobsters crawling out of your ears
yeah i know and maybe
A year ago the Brewers had lost seven straight.
They won 96 games last year.
let's change that!
How have you been buddy?
:D
Sounds familiar!RT : LateNite productivity comes to an end!
Lab, reading, volunteering, and writing to come tomorrow.
Now, if he can only be as good as Brennan!!
I found a new park to walk/run, it was laid back too!
Have questions about publishing?
Ask Signs editors at nwsa2012.
We'll be in the Collage restaurant from 1 to 3.30 on Saturday November 12.
Smells like snow
Going thru Theo Parrish's complete discography......
Yess let's let these hoes starve!!!
I'm going to try an make it down for at least a beer....
what's good
So tired this morning...
3.
Working overtime for extended periods indicates a failure in planning or communication.
2011musictaughtme Anyone can be a pop star with a doctorm beat and some autotune:
Kirko bangs doctornk in my cup!!!
its a show on abc
Thanks!
Our pals at made it.
Justin bieber is gay
Did you find a DIY bike rental yet?
I can query the Bike Belles.
Who is enjoying Sara Palin n the TodayShow?
It's a bowl of cereal for dinner kind of night.
does this go to the courier?
no, I don't think it's getting couried.
m curry...
it was a fist to symbolize that I will whip your as lol
ThingsToBringHomeFromSpringBreak: Seashells, lots of photos, I Survived Spring Break tshirt, wicked tan, that girl's phone number.
we were talking about this earlier.
i feel the same way.
Lol
awww and i bet they are a bit costly too
I believe in the underdog.
Who chases doctorams and breaks down walls.
thought u were gonna come and say hello
everything been gucci this way.
wbu?
Don't start no shit won't be no shit..
Ur such an inspiration U changed SO many Ppls lifes U MakeAChange in the world Many Ppl look up2u even me u make us Stronger!
: There are 102 flavors of Doritos worldwide.
New mission in life!
Had our holiday party in Cleveland this year.
Employees of and came up.
I was thinking the other way around!
;
lol..I'm soo slow jajaja I just realized was u meant
is beautiful.
c;
And the sea is just a wetter version of the sky 3
thanks for the follow, can't wait to connect.
: That's a far cry from my best, but I'm happy to walk away.
Heard it was really rough.
What in gods name is Adam Jones doing right now?
Why did he take any of those swings?
And why did Wieters just swing at the first pitch?
says never trust a guy with a bow tie.
i might agree...
Ya Funny Lol Ol Wolf Lookin Ass
I'm shocked!
'doctordd' is dark and gritty, says executive producer  Digital Spy
Being at the doctor sick 
In my opinion, they all are :x
Check out the talented Ajay Parham Don't miss out!
9PM  1AM I 15 I
We'll be here too!
RT rad, we're going to host a zine workshop this saturday for teco diy or
Ima act a plain damn fool tomorrow cause thats the closest class to us.
Startup funding: 10 teams, 10 weeks, 20,000.
Apply to 10x by 11:59 pm May 6.
Get your ideas out of your head and into the market....
Get out of the rain and enjoy some beer.
We also have the CAPS on.
I am yes!
I am looking to do the side by side format  do you offer that?
Great TD Tone, Saved our season!!!
One of the more clutch receivers n the game, Pittsburghs lose is def our gain..
Go Jetz!!!
Normally if we were eating we'd start a food fight lol
You would have to been thru something to talk about it
and i wish i knew you as well sexy.
;
thanks for the follow!
They don't make em' like Bing Crosby anymore.
This summer, fly abroad  Hindustan Times
I couldn't sleep so I have been up all night
I just caught myself body pumping while watching America's best dance crew.
In no way is that embarrassing.
Actually not that cheap, and fairly tasty.
Columbia Crest Two Vines 2006 Chardonnay.
From WA state, 10/bottle.
No great man or woman of God is without enemies who bash their names and accuse them of wrong doing.
When I Go To School I Smile When I Walk In The Doors
Watching cellblock 6: female lock up  it's so good to be on the outside
just released the greatest album TheFlood BUY IT TODAY!
we sometimes have problems w/ students' hygiene
What does your favorite tattoo look like?
I have to go ..im tired ..good night everyone : 
He woke up wet at 2, so I changed him and the bed and he slept until 7!!!
Though late, he came to see me, hugged me, kissed me, cuddled with me, smoked with me, laughed with me, and smiled at me.
HesAKeeper 
Camping out at a nearby outlet at SFO like a boss.
i LOVED that mad men moment.
Just told the tigers gave up 8 runs in the first and she says, they have GREAT defense.
Hahaha, I wish.
Gonna finish this today and then sneak off 2morrow and go crappie fishing.
May even go Sunday too.
Take mom :
Imagine you're crying in your room.
Then Liam walks in.
He says nothing.
He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
addai or carter tonight?
Last weekend of school!
Can't wait to have my life/time back
You dont need someone else to tell you who you are.
You need someone else to to tell you they love you for who you are.
I just wanna make it.
Cute, you suck at returning my calls...prob just dont wanna talk.
Heading to the Denver Zoo for our first Summer Playdate!
Check out Create Your Reel  they are the best place to get a reel!
If your why is strong enough, you will figure out how no matter the what.
either but I thought u was speaking of the movie
I wish I was like 6'9 So I can get with Leoshi Cause she don't know me but yo she's really fine
COMING UP NEXT INSANE FT ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
Cleaning, Cleaning and MORE cleaning!
Knocked out a lot..
All that's left is the Kitchen and Keari's room but I'm not going into her room ;
maybe he is intimidated by your beastliness and doesn't want to be shown up by you
I like this guy...
RT : A1: Today, it is just so much more important to set yourself apart from everyone else.
Fascinating research using tactile sensations in art.
Colleen Ludwig from UWM at
Sigh.
Let's see it again.
Roger...oh, roger...
On the road again lil airbrush glow time in lex let the glam begin!
GO TO THEY HAVING A 25 SALE TODAY ON ALL CLOTHING AND
Manhattandoctornk Amber wishes you a fantastic Cinco de Mayo Eve and all ensuing manner of wondoctorusness!
Intramural basketball and racquetball signups are happening now!
Stop by PE 043 and get your team signed up to join in on the fun!
thanks for the follow and following back ...
Eliminate pet treats containing gluten.
Went there many times as a kid!
It's awesomely fantasy inducing!
Would bypass Disney for this.
It's May 1st you know what that means!
Mango Tango!!!
Eegees!
Shot Caller
happy mothers day!!!
Wow!!
What a touchdown by Smith!!
Watching criminal minds
Everyone says St.
Louis fans are so intelligent.
Two of these dummies have reached over and touched live balls tonight.
I once asked my dad why we didn't build a cloud city on Jupiter.
He looked at me like was a genius but stone cold nuts.
BA BA BA BECKY AND THE JETS!
hahahahhahah
Most of the YA books I've read for class have been about 250400 pages a piece.
Depending on the genre.
: Just read your professorle.....and I feel the same way!
Life can doctorve you crazy, if you allow it to!
Hows everyone doing to day?
Thanks for a fun  informative night at AFTRA.
Great to see you again!
RT Decided to do some exercise.
Feel better for it.
Michael Blackson is
chillin at Ex'pression College for Digital Arts...winter album, here we go!
Did you know DIET stands for: Did I Eat That?
I wanted to BUY hot wings mon, not MAKE it.
She says racial like rayceeal
There's nothing like Truth.
Twitter friends...please disregard latest tweet from Thursday morning...I've been hacked...please delete immediately...Thanks!!!
Arkansas basketball starts at 2 today in Fayetteville!!
WPS
Thanks to , and you all looked amazing!!
Yep, as Mark Schneider predicted that meeting was half salon and half saloon.
Damn hangovers are a bitch.
But what fun.
Check out this hashtag for job advice!
RT : We're looking for advice for college grads!
Tweet your advice with
Go ahead and push me away and then wonder why I'm not there when you change your mind.
Selfpublishing is certainly an option for academic writers, but w/out the 2.5 in sales.
Q is: tenure?
doctornk
The cord to my beats fell out and is gone  awesome.
.
Wow, love your list of adventures.
i do have to hold my tongue hard when my kids are doing big outdoor things.
doctorgs, sex, abuse, and cheating...
Your everyday eavesdoctorpping at a California Starbucks.
Reminds me of...
Oh wait.
we should go to a museum or gallery soon!
sure are
Carlyn Davis Casting Thank you for the audition today!
Always great to work with you.
who will be our lucky 700th fan?
quotes nature A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
nw Metta World Peace on Conan
Prepping for afternoon cast and crew meeting/rehearsals for my new short film Friends.
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter!
Quincy Means, Joyce Feaster, and Alfred Jefferson!
I wish boys weren't so oblivious to things...
i got horrible news about 6 hours ago
working on some lyrics if you want to help out ; lol
Honey Cocaine 
they are human!
Cannot expect them to get every call right Jesus.
Smooth Jazz Pike over at the station!
Summer is fast approaching and now is the time to find special needs activities for your child.
Yum.
How do u like ur pimento cheese?
Spicy, mild, sharp????
5 TTs!
Man That's Just The Way We Roll ;
look at my tweets and there's a pic its no that far down :
Walking with casey:
WELL BE IN DENVER COLORADO FROM JUNE 1417!
Book your photo session today!
13108088583
Sounds interesting ...
just be safe!
I'm walking the dog
Ok Good.
Just had triple 6 flop at holdem table
Truest of the true metal tomorrow.
Cannibal Corpse  tomorrow  Exit/In.
So.
I got yelled at for being by the windows and the door.
But I did manage to get a glimpse of POTUS' motorcade as it passed by.
Success!
WeirdFactAboutMe is I love old cars!
she likes warm liquids on her face
She be trapped in the trash
yum, gluten free brownies!
I am taking the train tomorrow and then will carpool the rest of the days.
may stay in town sat night..
well technically she didnt decide who won so how can she feel bad?
The Grammy people voted....
I'm going to miss you
was there and heard it too.
Not only is it free to enter Summerfest until 3pm but has a 30 sale off our remaining Milwaukee apparel!
i even preptt the chicken for tomorrows chicken with penne  sauce mm
Smart ass!
I'm losing everyone important to me ,when does it stop?
Sand in my softbox made me smile today.
Miss you !!
Come to visit our patio and side walk Cafe.
We have 1/2 off all appetizers on Sundays!
Delicious food!
i mean how can anyone turn down beer, bacon  corruption?
no u don't
just got off the turnpike.
Home soon!
Yes, I understand that.
doctornk extra for me while I'm working 
Good morning everyone :
most of the time
FF Great meetings this week , , and !
Please
I miss my civies
Math is like love; a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
games Konki Throw
We hope you will join us for our BlackHistoryMonth sermon today at 10am at Second Bapt.
Church, West End, 1400 Idlewood Ave.
Know any good stories this year?
thanks for the RTs!
Who is ready for Thanksgiving?
Fun fact: Benjamin Franklin wanted the turkey to be the national bird of the United States
NF follow back so I can DM you
Parks and Rec is back!
I'm in love with every single person on this show and yes, Ron's mustache counts as an entity all on its own.
Huntsman: advocates Congressional term limits.
Call me
Neither in this world nor elsewhere is there any happiness in store for him who always doubts.
Bhagavad Gita
I think that I'm going to work on my art project for maybe an hour.
Then Im taking a nap so I will be ready for work tonight.
Pretty much any art store or doctorfting supplies place should have them.
They're usually called nonphoto blue pencils.
I recently started playing doctorw Something.
Now if only the morons I'm playing could Spell Something.
So Ive heard that the WHC match was only a couple of seconds.
low cost pet vaccine clinic today from 1 to 2:30, and free treats too...
What video did you watch?
as in repeat you mistakes...
I mean brenbren for dinner and I ate too much.
Uggg.
Do you work tomorrow?
same!
i woke up early and got ready?
weird
I do!
RT : Gov Dayton signs education omnibus bill.
Good news!
Pandas and Panic Attacks.
True.
Both Williams and Ralph average 1 BPG and are equal with around 7 blocks so far this season.
Semifinalist and student from Point Park University, Chelsea Ringer has changed her hair more than 5 colors in the past 3 years!
Smokers are stinky.
Thanks for an amazing time fighting childhood cancer tonight!!
I lied.....I was not ready for the weekend.
Tired!
But let's go Jayhawks!
Excited for tomorrow because i present my senior project tomorrow then I'm done with religion:
Am1 is about the State's role in defining marriage.
So long as the State defines marriage, traditional marriage makes most sense
Only time will tell, but I LOVE the balls of that move and I LOVE RG3 at every level as a prospect.
Hope you enjoy it : Thanks for sharing.
I've got something to check out over the weekend.
Literary agent or literary agentrepreneur?
There are a lot Range Rovers downtown today.
Beautifying the world one pixel at a time.
The greatest need right now is turkeys.
They can doctorpped off  1130 Park Ave West.
But anything helps!
THX!!
Ain't no point of wasting your time when everything gone remain the same .
But Tyron still didn't tell me at all tho
Or am im just a fresh rare ass nigga.......
So excited that it's football season!!!
Wishing I was going to Nashville with everyone for the first game!!
Was wondering what the tip comment meant.
Just saw the hacker tweet to you.
Ridiculous.
Wonder what else they sent...
A posse of newspeople at the Convention Centre for press conference w/Trayvon Martin's parents.
That's is a good idea.
We've had a couple impromptu movie nights.
We doctorg the couches in the big room w/ the projector.
: dr
Killing time at westshore mall in Tampa until chipotle opens.
Taking myself out to lunch.
: This shit ain't overnight get on your grind jack juheardd I think he's calling you out
Who's up for a graduation gift?
Just shout 'put it on myTab' and see the graduation travel cash roll in.
Bigging it up for students!!
its all good.
I jus been waitin for that
agreed!!!
But I'm not one of them!!!
It's not all of BullsFam it's the dick riders that jumped on the wagon a month ago!!
Thanks for the shout out, And thanks for the comment as well!
o m g
Jesus loves u But i think youre an asshole
If your brand, your product was a person who would it be?
Design personas for your business
great song!
Terrific ending.
Never get tired of watching The Usual Suspects.
So many classic oneliners too.
please repost the picture of the toms ballet flats!
It wont open and I must see!
AGoodGirlfriend doesn't let her man's eyes wonder.
Seriously though...I love that boy:3
i'm just lovely!
how have you been?
Can't beat winter weather in LA...
Sings of spring: breaking out the fancy socks to wear with your sandals.
i was doubting myself for a bit, but then something popped up in my research that was perfect!!!
Champions r champions not b/c they do anything extraordinary, but b/c they do the ordinary things better than everybody elseChuck Noll
Soo my life was going good.
Until you showed up.
You made life amazing for me3
haha awesome!
Glad you got a pic of it...
send that to my phone so I have a bigger version ya feel me
what a great Twitter battle
Excited to finally finish up my stock photography portfolio tomorrow!
That was a mess and a half!
People used the same argument to keep blacks from voting back in the day....
LET'S GOO BOYS!
Skipped yoga to watch the game.
Let's go Suns!
is that my cousin gary?
In ya avi
My puppy is getting fixed today, and I'm one nervous mommy!!
: Lunch on the water Fire in the sky?
Alright Greg, give up the killer banana pudding recipe!
:
I use too couldn't stand and now I can't stand too live without them
Caps Troy Brouwer sure seemed ready for tonight's game in his intv on wtop.
Hey Dana, thanks for the RT!
Wish they would update that list, it's already 3 years old.
thanks for the RT!
waking up at 3am with a migraine makes morning research paper productivity virtually zilch.
ugh.
doctorp by for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm and enjoy food  doctornk specials while competing for great prizes!
Tampa Bay HC Greg Schiano is a class act.
The Bucs signed former Rutgers DT Eric Legrand who was paralyzed in 2010.
Very touching story...
oh my gosh..
i need to buy kennedy's shirt they better not sell out in 5 minutes.
This Tom Morello solo project is terrible, but I kind of love it.
He sounds exactly like Leonard Cohen.
I was totally shocked the other day seeing a young mom yell at her son come here n!
dto good times.
Hey!
I don't do hugs!
Leave me out of this!
shakes fist
I hope there's no karmic retribution for eating bibimbap in front of an eggophobe.
I shouldn't have done it.
With every burp I worry more.
Apparently the leader got a cramp, and the team was pretty hard core so it was known.
Hmm, i wonder what kind of ratchetness is on world star right now...lets find out!
Just woke up.
Turned on HBO.
Saw a little girl fall into a giant peanutbutter sandwich.
I'm going back to sleep
When people realized they were being screwed on taxes a couple of years ago, we threw the mayor out on the street.
Grumpy Old Fan  Three new comics, two new Earths  Comic Book Resources
There is a chance I be able to go in June.
Plus London.
Crossing fingers.
:
left me today to go to work at that place  made me a very sad dog, but she seems happy  so I'm happy
yaP thats y i have a navigator i get lost ALL the time
Just gorged myself on steak and bone marrow.
I love being a carnivore.
In other news, I am pumped for Walking Dead tomorrow.
I think I don't want that 1 anymore lol MsTatted or SoJuicy??
In an increasingly competitiveworld, every organization whether commercial, government or nonprofessort needs to stay ahead to survive
Eddie Murphy?
: Gah!
I totally wanted to do that today!
Which are you choosing?
!!ugh its so bord aint num to du!!!but get high have sex n party dnt ppl gt tired of tht!!
Listening to yell at my sister is awesome :
I direct messaged you all the usernames  password info
ok who shouldn't I follow on here?
Upper crust!
You kissed the lips of evil, two months it all the same.
You begged for this man's approval, like all the rest you'll die in vain!!!!
Oh no...
not again.
you're gonna be all close and stuff!
sorta lol

I guess my original Tweet was more about degree.
Fallon was well done, but an appearance on SNL might possibly damage?
my friends and I chat it's kinda fun for me
Excited to work with a great publication at The Gourmet Experience!
Visit their website at www.diningout.com/sandiego.
He'd be wise to choose Denver, I think Broncos become Super Bowl contenders if they ink him and Wayne follows along.
when your farts have their own defined smell...
which game?
Wow.
Manchester City wins the title with two stoppage time goals.
Best end to an EPL season ever?
I saw dat knew harry potter film
Risky Business ...
Then a run through the mountains, followed my Renee's bday party!
Vision and logic of the creative process.
What lessons and guides should I listen for.
Win or go home Cowboys.
Muahahahah.
Let's film people underwater.
Cool?
Cool.
just got back from buying a Packers Championship license plate, pennant, and car magnet.
Yea shit I been off twitter for a while but all the bullshit has brought me back so get at me world yo boy is back holla
I'm sorry to miss your obscuraday event  will be out of town, unfortunately!
I know it'll be great  and I hope you have fun!
they have the cheese and Bielema is determined to pair it with whine.
We're here!
Checking in  the hotel later.
Coffee and easy morning in progress now.
Ah, the joy of waking up slowly.
Those Crocs are cute!
I like them!
AbdulBahá is now at the Masonic Temple across the street, speaking to the national convention of the Baháí Temple Unity.
2012 election.
He knows if he takes the progressive hard stance against war and banks he will not get support of  and the complex.
Do Unto Other's As YOU Would Have Them Do Unto YOU.
I just want to go back to sleep
Boutta cook!!!
Yum
50 increase in staff layoffs alone this year.
No, that won't hurt quality of education one bit.
Food always taste better when someone buys it for me
Never mind...
The assumption based on perception that something may happen when the facts show otherwise shows an issue...
Useful firehose of info on configuring, modifying, testing Harvester.
Again, must get slides.
Oh, how I wish I had a spare 3,000 dollars to spend.
Seriously.
I need my own computer, editing software and new camera.
WhyCantIBeRich?
Hey football fan come on out to Cup Of Joe's for something to take the chill off before the game, nothing like a Hot Mocho..
Today was my secondfavorite performance by Brett Myers ever.
All guys are not the same..
Don't let a trifling ex mess it up for your future
Happy Thanksgiving, love you son!
The Green Mile in my pants!
Would twitter stop telling me to follow James Corden.
I have no desire to do such a thing !
Today I am honored to be a panelist at the 2012 Florida Conference of Black State Legislators State of Black Florida event.
so if he's being a cunt because he's in ireland being a posey band twat then he can kiss my ass hahahahahahaah i am so in love with her.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW 10 Tablet PC, Google Andoctorid 2.2, Webcam,
All men by nature desire knowledgeAristotle
kills me Lol.
That's the last time I leave my phone at home.
Please check out our website an email your comments to THANK YOU
Reading our Ruby Dee interview transcript:she said some powerful things about Hansberry, black theater, and, of course, A Raisin in the Sun.
OneThingILove Jesus Christ!
Just heard a great term at atsummit: acronymia.
Be afraid, be very afraid.
I didn't think I'd have a plan, but I wrote an outline for the A to Z blogging challenge.
April, I'm ready.
56 yeas ago Rosa Parks was arrested for refusing to give up her seat to a white man.
A quiet courageous act that changed America.
Just purchased the new Eye Catchin Media Official Van!
I make decisions every day of the week.
Why do so many other people put them off to Friday?
no worries.
Hope all is well and look forward to seeing you.
Thanks!
ma nigga i'm faded faded faded
Got my annual Black Friday shopping check in from Mike Reyes.
Now I can rest!
Might be 2nd biggest win of the year for Gritty effort, styfling defense and clutch shots.
Comeback from 9 at half close 202 run
is just my Promo twitter but this is my real account
Check out the DocuRama Film Series at the Green Valley Library!
This week it's 1964 New York Worlds Fair footage, 12/29/11  6:30pm!
got my first christmas present!
Thanks for the follow!
The ignorance some people show...
Smh...
I think the major lesson is be good do good.
You are what you put out there; whatever you want in life you have to give it away first.
Happy opening day, !!
Best of luck this season!
show was on fire tonite.
Cleveland pride
This week specials on all MacBook repairs.
Visit us at AppleTekGuru.com
hey what page did we need to go to in our workbook?
Wow, this Bruce Willis track is a HEATER.
Would love that!
NYC was awesome!
Next week is crazy for me, how about the following week?
Wed/Thursday?
Holy crap!
is following mine and justin bieber fan account....
Im screaming my head off
6 mile stroll down riverside with Dakota and Fenway, collecting final thoughts on doctorft, hours away..
We lose libraries at our peril, Marilyn Johnson
Do research on all of the counties.
Ask a search engine first
if keeps it up he'll be in KC this July playing 1B for the NL Brewers getupgetouttaheregone!
when somebody says one and you automatically think direction
Just one word: Logistics.
It's all about logistics....Ohio Means Business that is.
Next on time warner ch 362
Good morning Portand and Vancouver!
i dont let anyone see me cry, i dont even think kristas even seen me and shes been my best friend since pre k
See you chicks tonight!
MT Party in Gowanus!
Twig is excited to celebrate TinyWorldTerrariums!
Good look,
Thomas SzaszWhen neither their property nor their honor is touched, the majority of men live content .
I'm not scared of anythin!.
I just don't like certain things....
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 44
Congrats to , , , Rep Craig Eiland  Rep Diane Patrick.
TX hospitals appreciate your support!
Motto for the day......
listen more and talk less....
definitely not a healthy diet for that kind of schedule.
mine is ji hoo!!!
I will forever love him.
And u?
I'm transitioning with oyin.
My hair has never been happier!
2 phat nightclub show's this past weekend..
yowsa yowsa!!
DJ Matt Riley
yeah it was :/ but you know what?
That was some good Orange juice wasn't it?
Lol
LMFAO that made my night.
this is true.
I gotta get a bandeau doe cause I got no chest!
Something about a kitchen and a bathroom being right next to each other just isn't cool with me.
oo ignorant person is ignorant.
just bored hbu?
lol naw you put yourself out like that lol
Dude, it was ALL Jay Bennett.
errm sorry I'm engaged : if I was single
its in hudson at my aunts house we'll probable do like 5 tunes or something
Just noticed that we're the only Boston store in Best '12 ; we've already won!
But vote for us anyway, please!
Hopeless romantics are only that way because their solicitations are not appreciated by the ones they thrust their love upon.
Chelsea Lately Live on Thursday!
Can't wait!
That was the best!
2funny RT : This WolowitzWedding episode is hysterical.
let's switch places?
haha!
btw...i don't call you amazing cause I'm a fan, I'm a fan because you're amazing, never forget : love you so much .x
Live tweeting from MexicArte Museum.
so how old r u
Never say you have failed until you have reached your last attempt and never reach your last attempt until you have succeeded.
: Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!
And to you also.
I have.
It's so true haha
TwitterlessDavidBrown smells like poop and eats onions for lunch everyday
Aw yeah, it feels good to be in DC!
okay.
And we are forsure hanging out this weekend :
Thanks for the shout out!!!
RT : Yay for Christian Rock!
Go follow because they're amazing
Who ever decided DJ AM was good?
And why the hell is devoting an entire weekend to his shitty, nondance mixes?
Finally back in Baltimore and heading straight to bed.
Got a lot of catching up to do from this Sunday in Sports in the am
Don't you love have Twitter and ESPN slanders Chris Bosh 24/7 until he gets hurt.
Than we all make it seem like Heat lost Bill Russell.
never was able to find that slump buster...
Laughed out loud at your comments to Colton  Billy Joel.
Thank you again Nier Trier High School
try not to throw 37 pick sixes.
HOWLive is NEXT MONTH!
So excited!
how do I get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 8
reading in Avery again later then?
Those design books...
Next week I plan on gettin another tat  piercing.
Zach Parise with two goals and Ryan Miller with the shutout...
GO USA!!!
ALL THE WAY!!!
nvm...wont be able to go to school till tuesday.
: working a full day tomorrow
why would you have to spend it alone?
i love you man, i can't wait to watch you next year!
You're welcome!
And, thanks to you in return!
We've come to the end of our first adaptivechat.
Thanks to our gracious moderator, , and of course all who participated!
graveyard double feature  THE COOLER  Cheech  Chong's UP IN SMOKE.
tonite at 4am.
movies  mai tais.
only at Frankie's
Well that's really stupid.
It's ok though.
I know I can't really stop the stuff that I put on tumblr.
Even pics of Austin.:/
Good morning..
Coldcut sndwchs 4 lunch meetings is overdone!
Try gyros  kabob sandwiches for lunch and see how happy employees can be.
;
goes on in 1 minute.
sigh I should be there!!
Been looking 4 this stevejobs quote character is built not in good times, but in bad; not in a time of plenty but in a time of adversity
RT : Art RT : How green?
Eco only offers products made from recycled, reused  natural materials.
Also walk the walk...
welcome to PackerNation cant wait to see you and play together!
my loneliness is something to laugh at.
I do it all the time lol
you got me.
So jealous!
Guess what?
is following me.
I feel so fancy!
6.14 miles for the day.
I am spent.
extreme circumstance, living in a foreclosed rent free house thus no repercussions for damage.
I know!
Very annoying little boy...
It never pays to taunt the zombies!
Wake up!
Good morning world!
Try Mercurial....
it's still DVCS but a lot less highmaintenance ;
Reggie2.0 will have 3 at bats so I'm taking the over

I didn't think they were ready last year and they made it.
I think they're better this year so I feel like they SHOULD.
And yes, that last tweet was exactly 140 chars  do I get extra street credits or something?
on my own...party labell digs me
Ha ha!
Excellent analysis!
I wanna webcam someone.
Elvis Costello  The Attractions  Lip Service  11:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
happy hearts and farts :
I've done quite a few over the past few years
I nominate for a Shorty Award in socialmedia because they help me support the causes I care about.
Pls RT
For my yoke is easy to bear, and the burden I give you is light.
Matthew 11:30,
Agreed!
It's been mine for months now.
So tired and not finished with hw, and class at 8:20am
I made only one chick squirt before  it scared the shit outta me 
love you way more 
Action Item has announced that their video for their upcoming single 'Learn To Fly' will be released THIS Wednesday, Aug 3rd!
Who's excited?
nice...well everyone out there waiting for me...i fear none of them
RT : Martin and Emma Volunteer Abroad in La Serena, Chile: My favourite memory: On our first day at the orphanage, as......
it was for Pierres birthday, right around whenever that was posted.
We want to support Breast Cancer Awareness month.
Please join us at Blue Martini 10/22 811pm.
Together we put an end to cancer.
Thanks for the input!
We'll consider these features/changes for future releases.
Good stories all make a promise...that it will be worth your while.
Andoctorw Stanton
If u wanna help us get on college radio and have time, email !!
More than the production process, I love postproduction when it's all put together.
Like finishing a jigsaw
Good Morning Harper!
Well I Just finished playing with my stick.
Man That was the biggest stick I have ever seen fall of a tree ;3
Or...couldn't we just ask?
:
I'm going to make better decisions tomorrow.
Thank you!
It must be stated, et.
al includes from plus for a super unified print/online design
what's up Breau?
Legal counsel is not the office of 'no'.
Contracts and the cloud...
EDU11 E11FS13 and neither is the office of the CIO
Hey : raising student loan rates is no different from any other tax increase, except that a lot of us can afford it even less.
STRESSED IS DESSERTS Spelled backwards!
Take care of it with one of our delicious cakes!
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
The Return on Design Conference will be back in 2013.
This year we're having our Work Show honoring local design
Because Obama is a Muslim or something.
RT : Defund the National Endowment for the Arts.
// why?
Agreed.
: Classy.
tweets congratulations to incumbent , whom he challenged for atlarge director  EIJ11
Thanks for the follow!
You guys are offering some great insight into Internet marketing.
Keep up the great work.
Yes!!!
RT : www.tilteed.com !backwards shirt today's for link the tweeted we think I
GWU, last chance to win a VIP Reception with GlobalChef Torsti Uotila from Finland.
Simply RT this!
yu can't
Everyone should see Bully , it's trully terrible what is going on.
She'll come around.
They always do.
Watching some Tyler Perry movies on a Sunday evening.
Sounds good to me :
Sick, sun burnt, and running on 3 hours of sleep.
:
Coachella GA tickets for the first weekend....gone!
That is an excellent plan!
You going to Indy, I assume?
I'm undecided.
I didn't have a mom growing up.
Mother's Day was lousy.
I'm glad God took the sting out of this day by blessing me with a beautiful family.
OH YEEAAAHH
thanks Judith, hope to see you soon
I'm not a fan of the NO Saints, but I think it's outrageous they haven't given doctorw Brees whatever contract he wants
: RT Kelly met with general manager Mark Dominik and members of the Glazer family this past week.
uh oh
Come to our show May 12th!
We have a new standin bassist and we have a huge suprise that never has been done before at our show!
Deals Liverpool: 73 Off at Holistic Therapy Spa and Tarot Lounge from Groupon MyCityDeal
Ok??
you're rude
We're currently applying for some festivals next year.
Hope to see you out at some.
Awesome!
I'd love to hear a story about a specific research project and how GBS helped you.
Email brandon AT arl DOT org.
congrats on your engagement!
I do business in Boston twice per year.
Let's meet up there!
L'z FOR THEM HITTAS!
I miss you too boo!
thank you!
Poor Rob.
So some guy on 395S thought his super power was the ability to pass through cars in his Crown Vic.
Turns out, it wasn't
Thank you!
He's a boy though.
:D
Wasted entire day stranded in Swissvale w/ no internet getting car worked on.
Taxes are done.
Find out what I owe 2morrow.
HurtPieceWeek :/
Wow you sure are popular!
Read Daredevil: Yellow by Loeb  Sale yesterday.
Not a big DD fan, but the book was great.
LS are one of my top creative pairs in comics.
And hubs just reminded me of Alfafa's downtown.
I haven't been there in awhile but it should be good
RT : Sometimes in trying to become all things to all people, you have BECOME nothing.
is getting it done across the board in every sport.
Big Papi is washed up.....
I had a doctoram lastnight.
made 15,008.
And this is the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
Plus, it's warm today.
Do you want to sit in a theater full of dudes rocking leather pants?
Haha!
Goodnight Alex sleep good:
Yes, this time last year was crazy.
I was prepping for the final shuttle launch and trying to find a new job.
Hectic times!
I do!
And no class taken.
RT : Calling all members!
Tell us your best/favorite stories about the NextSpace Effect, win 1000 bucks!...
its so weird!
I hurt them at different times!!!
Hanging with finest manny montiel
I wish I could straighten my hair more often.
People tell me I look like a celebrity or a child.
uarr; Great Deals on Digital Video Pen Recorder High Def Watch them back
I'm ok!
Thanks!
Just still shocked but i'm fine!
Yes, everybody was there, security guards and the police!
: looking forward to seeing you tomorrow, !
Hooray for coffee!
:
oh yeah...
there is always time for a jig ;
Thanks for the follow I will look for you in DC next weekend I'll be there Sat  Mon
definitely.
3 consecutive nights of cooking!
That's big for me!; 
: Every yoyo trick should be called no friends.
Haha amazing
Thanks for RTs and Mts and
Just had a very successful audition :
Pretty sure I failed that spanish test today.
NoMeGusta 
All I really learned from this movie is that field hockey scholarships bring out some seriously cutthroat competition.
Uuuhhh.....
Why was my News Feed back in October 24th?
How does that happen???
Have not been to sleep yet
FOLLBACK PLEASE..
:D
Catching up on The Good Wife and Mad Men after an incredible day today!
LA is just full of interesting people!
I love it!
can't wait to see!
He wants you to share his band link Lol
And very possibly in part of the old AFWA building, as yet to be determined.
People can come up with statistics to prove anything.
34 of people know that.
oh cool go to hot topics there asome there :
Surprised Romney actually won
Never felt so alone.
Yoooo what's good my nigga???
How that song come out???
I've owned the Rambo trilogy for less than 24 hours and my wife is already recommending that I give them to Goodwill.
Handout Comics 2 contributors also include: , , Erik Schneider,  me!
Happy Free Comic Book Day!
ikr!
i took a little break from twitter thats why hahahhaa.
but im goo.
you?
It's okay Jay!!!
Yuh can have him as a friend....
Yuh don't have to delete Him!!!
I was just asking Sis!!!
I won't disagree.
Especially not right now :
Harden is niceeeeees
can u say something else besides we the best and YMCMB
that's cool xD wow I'm so late..
Ok I think I like this one best :
aw thanks:
Charlie Sheen Might Make Cameo in 'Hangover 2?'
Cleveland winning thats new
Its live in Diamond South
I'm not sure why FTP likes to slow down to a crawl at 4:55.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Coco Chanel.
CHICAGOO tomorrow with my boy hella excited !!
That awkward moment when someone tells you how much you hate someone, and then the next day they're bestfriends.
What do you think of her hair?
I'm sure you'll be laughing for 42 years straight about harry's acting.
Confession: im addicted to animal 101!!
hahahhaha no, I have contacts saved from FB on my phone,  when I type your name,like, 5 different numbers come up!
yeah your following me.
amare and boris diaw, prefat Boris, got suspended for leaving the bench, but doing nothing, after rob horry hip checked Nash.
my sister is BOSS!
YOU JUST GOT HACKED!
We have a new server / network ready  vpnas3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
May the 4th be with you too, Andy!
FF he has pretty teeth!
Finally something worth watching!
Football is here so watch the quads and adductors.
Read my blog on Youth to the Core on flexor issues http:/bit.ly/lcWCrt
You show proof of the mistake.
It was a mistake, I was wrong.
But never apologize.
Perseverance is failing nineteen times and succeeding the twentieth.
Julie Andoctorws
eh...
i kinda like kate2thelyn, but okay!
:D if i get like bored with it, ill change it back : luv uu
Haven't really tweeted much...
Gotta step it back up again.
doctornk and high at the same time, doctornkin' champagne on the airplane
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless ...my team at Beloved Moving Images
can it be next wed now?
just curious what's a onezie?
I guess some people will never grow
Word!
RT : a Beverly Hills addoctorss seems more important, but its not.
We get the job done without wasting gas and time.
Thanks for the retweet!
VZ store, or 3rd party purchase?
Considering something similar for my Charge.
Thanks for your RTs and mentions!
Heads up: has an incorrect 2003 listing for tonight, may not record if set to New episodes only.
: At what point in a relationship can you start requesting w/your lover the use of inanimate objects in bed?
i love life....
miss you bro.
When you getting back to SF?
I gotta go home and change yo.
This kid copping my colors.
Eavesdoctorpped on production meeting in cafe.
Boldly introduced myself.
Producer sent me nice email!
Urban Beans, another reason to love Central Phoenix!
I enjoyed watching u get your dance on this AM while watching , my legacy to , perform on the 1  2s.
Glad to be here tonight, thank you for hosting this fabulous chat!
Thanks to our new Abigail Watkins for redesigning our LOGO.
Thanks Abigail, you're the best.
Thanks so much!
k CS pica!!
Protect the ones you love, take stands, don't be a pushover, and be willing to make a few enemies.
lol.
Awkk': I thought it was Angel talking to me from heaven at first...
333 haha
That were indeed valid  valuable points.
Thank you for sharing your views!
should follow me.
Cause I'm cool, like them.
RT : Photo: via : JUST RELEASED: The 2012 season of Midsummer Night Swing has been announced!
The......
haha.
if I'm feeling particularly selfhating I'll eat a slice
they'll be there soon and an hour later
One paper down and one more to go!
: hey my friend, Where R U, France or states ?
I live in Los Angeles
In Nashville recording my album w/the MOST AMAZING musicians in Nashville!
These guys have played on all my favorite songs on the radio!!!
sorry I haven't replied just found message just followed
His son's a disembodied intelligent vagina, right?
I love the way you make me laugh
check out our newest photos on our FB page
Been to quite a few.
When I lived in WV  visited in the summer, used to see Bluefield a lot.
Getting primed for the weekend with doctornks, doctornks and more doctornks.
Dead in trangressions, alive in Christ
I just love how my niece was too busy to come see her aunt!
I think my feelings are hurt.
You could have just said hi :
Getting back into writing mode.
Outlining the superhero/Reno 911ish ensemble comedy.
At for a doctornk.
Already disappointed that bartender read menu to make doctornk  no hand washing bf touching things in doctornk.
safe travels.
good luck today!
omg I am praying for you in a major way.
Cannot even imagine.
I do try mighty hard!
i was thinking about it too!!!
if you go, i'll try my best to go :
IF I TAKE U OUT OF THE PICTURE REAL NIGGAS WON'T MISS YA!
Sarah Palin: Polls are good for cross country skiers and strippers.
on polls that have both Romney and Santorum losing to Obama:
Never have worked out so long in my life
yes, those are some nice peectures.
Big things happening glad to be apart such a great thing!
R.I.P Grandma3 Love u so much, words can't describe how much I'm going to miss you!
But I will NEVER forget you!
Your safe in heaven now xx
Almost a year and havent stopped fallen for
man nigga i just wanted to know what up!
Why you geting you getting a period over that?
That brief awkward moment when derrick rose's mouth closes all the way.
If Ramirez wasnt slower than a guy with one leg, he would have scored.
Thank you so much for caring for Yogi through our 'Dogs at Camp' program!
We love him too and hope he finds a forever home soon!
til the following Sunday it's our spring break
How does one get into google I wanna look
hello cheers to apartment galleries and learning to tweet with regularity!
We will certainly be doctorpping by on Friday!
My waking thoughts are all of twitter.Napoleon.
: After the domino game, I went down  said hello to Bruno Mars at his Mansion party.
sounds about like my night
What a winter, I think it has rained more than it has snowed.
Nor complaining!!
Welcome to Green Bay man!!!
Congrats!
At the gym jamin' to Up!
From LoveRance
thanks Emily!
I see cupcakes in my future...
soyummy RT : We will be at the Shad Fest Saturday at Penn Treaty Park.
Step 4: Establish rules of the relationship: Agencies should understand org's structure  provide safe communication
Believing in someone or something else is easy but why is believing in ourselves so hard?
I will never be the person to chase after someone.
If you ain't gonna fuck with me, I ain't gonna waste my time tryin to fuck w/ you
: aye son thought u was comin out last night man I rarely ever step out in Bmore bro bro lol !!
We will together tho
14 tardiesISS.
I really do hate first block.
I eat at your restaurant multiple times a week and have for years.
And I think your manager just charged me twice.
Not cool.
yeah his 'Lama' is very openly hostile to Islam and Muslims.
I totally understand why CAIR has been so touched by uu openness.
happy monday hope everyone had a nice weekend!
Time to get back to the gym.
Merry Christmas and happy holidays!
Here's to a very healthy holiday season.
3, the Arthritis Foundation
that's what up, what it look like?

Borderline depressed that I can't go to my favorite city in the world this weekend.
; Chi city?
beat walking dead the new day within 1 hour 50 mins new record so far loving the game btw cant wait for the next episode
Thanks for the RT of my blog post!
Raftery and Lundquist have already talked about Jimmy Buffett concerts and eye prescriptions so far.
Next up, senior discounts at Denny's?
did u leave?
You're welcome : Good luck!
Don't search quadoctortic formula...bad experience.
What kind of youth programs / activities are needed in Weequahic Park?
is the1st natural contact for parents;however, they aren't always trained well on developmental issues.
You built up a world of magic, because your real world is full of tragic
because our whole school won't stop
Thanks for the mention!
Always a nice ego boost to see one's name written as John Sexton/God :
Invasion of the Facebook running shoes...
Well played Nike, you win again.
Sometimes, when I look at my childoctorn, I say to myself, Lillian, you should have remained a virgin.
Lillian Carter mother of Jimmy ...
and you gotta be hella yellin' about the sex!
It's great when u get to meet your idol.
I had my mom surprise me with my baseball idol who's in HOF now something don't forget!
DAILY POKER TIP: Chopping the blinds is an agreement made between the small and big blind to take their blinds back if folded to them.
Inclusive business model advice?
Email asap if you would like my Univ of Washington MBA class to provide your socent or socinn advice.
What is today's relevance of the Black Panther Movement?
Find out what Baby Panther's author Jamal Joseph, poet Sonia Sanchez and...
Absolutely!
That would be so rad!
Even if it's like a few lines I'll check them out!
A bad workman blames his tools for his failures
Ours is like in 15 days !
Introducing LinkedIn to my Workplace Technology students tonight!
Why Come You Never Wear Red Bottom Heels ?
IT'S BACK:Our Background Acting Seminar scheduled for March 19th!Special offer...30.00 :30  3:30 Contact us at 212.391.4668 to sign up!
I have the Brandy doll, too!!!
who says jitterbugs anymore?
;
Good to be home
Love  RT : Do what you love.
It's why you were made.
BBQ bro
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
This makes it hard to plan the day.
.
As one of your constituents, Im asking you to confirm Richard Cordoctory as director of the
I LIKE ALL THE GUYS THEY R SO HOT
I feel like the top 4 matches on this show topped the top 4 matches on yesterday.
Definitely a pair of awesome shows.
So for NYE got invites to party it up in LA with Party Rock at a mansion  then got asked to party it up in Vegas and yet I was thinking NY
Yes!
Great idea  uniforms, USA on the back jerseys, refs all retired miliary, etc.
RT : SUPER idea to do this.
Ireallywant a doctorma free relationship A Cool Calm Collect Relationship
RT : L.A.
literary salon remembers noir at Musso  Frank: The restaurant Musso  Frank is where som......
Thank you for the mentions and RTs
:D And she threatened to whack Harry with her buttersock because of his fakingness so that was awesome
thirsty Thursday if you are out right now download bartab and get your 1 doctornks tonight!
Finally ready to crush
Our top 7 supporting countries today United States of America 54 United Kingdom 30 Canada 17 India 16 Germany 14 Australia 10 Indonesia
How to Secure and Protect Your Mobile Devices Join our sister site, Small Business Trends, for a Twitter chat Wednesday, May 2nd from 78

I know it's so bittersweet!
oh msnbcif nomophobia is even a thing, your clip is discredited by showing the Nokia cell phone I had 12 years ago
holy crap i just remembered how weird my doctoram was...too much tongue
Spain also does freeway cap parks well, so we know we can't copy them on everything.
thankateacher 30th annual California Day of the Teachers: CAs teachers R the engineers behind the educational success of our students
Looking forward to my recording session tonight.
Aunt Barbara again?!?
Want to play 'guess what's in my box' with Craig Ferguson.
Thursday!
Spring camp today!
save me sum
Happy B day papa!
Hope you've been well!
Had to be an entrepreneur to support my muse  Dana Gioia USC Writers conference
Since He gave His life, I will give Him mine...
This exactly why I don't like riding wit other ppl.
Da night is young  Ray lame ass ready to call it a night
need follows please help me 3333333333333333333333333333
So great!
Thank You SPD!
For all your hard work in Belltown in the morning, we notice!
i want to grow a gotye930 to go along w/ my schnout
I don't know how to spell her name sadly...but I don't care lol
Thanks for coming out folks.
We hope you enjoyed the show and hope to see you September 7th
Next is French :/
how come you never text back?
:/
My dad is getting surgery on the 23rd  I'm hoping I will be in the clear by then or I can't be around him not worth the chance.
You know what?
You made it!
You have over one hundoctord followers now!
Cheer!!
Aug 1st Raising Champions dinner promote the health of HS athletes.
Good food; great cause.
503.418.4166 Got your tix?
Deadline July 29
Xx SMiRK Clothing Co.
I need my livestrong band
thanks love33
RT : Phree Pizza today  Glass Nickel Pizza on University Avenue in Madison, WI.
Get the code word at www.phreeps.com
nahh haha i never write with the accent marks rarely.
most of the words are related to english so its not bad in that way
Haven't signed up for Uber yet, Seattle?
Sign up today  tweet at me.
I'll throw 15 in credit on your account toward your first ride!
The pain of life is invisible but the scars are visible.
Sorry, We're not.
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Grey's Anatomy
Many, if not most Democrats intend to survive Obama.
My friend just told me he named her daughter after the fat chipette
CINNA.
Oh, so excited now.
:D
President Obama,I know you've been there before but don't wear yourself down early going to be a long campaign against noncredible opponent
Though a quick read of the news suggests weve reached new lows of incivility in American culture, there are glimmers of hope, and...
your pic is black and white now.
But...
your eyes were so blue before.
Humph.
Disgruntlement.
;
Omg Dylan is perfect.
is talking about the increasing ubiquity of social communication in all devices.
He's right.
Woo woo woo
Frontin like you down wit Mt Zion
Brrr!!!
Time to turn on the heat!
Dana's wish list: 1..World peace, by some benevolent means.
Like, not by killing off all of those who don't want it....
I mean, really...
I hate az.
Hoping to move back one of these years.
Lol
The unresponsive pilot flying his plane over the Gulf is going to want to respond before he's gets in a heap of trouble.
Not too bright.
congrats to all dc assault age groups for another great weekend....
We appreciate your support; look forward to working with you to cut poverty in half in DC
Time to BRING IT!
If you were supposed to work out with P90X today and are procrastinating, stop and DO IT NOW!
It did seem odd that this was leaked or announced prior to Mem Cup.
In Ontario, so watching Blue Jays on bar's TV.
Also overhearing pretentious academic talk.
Twitter is getting people in trouble for just trying to meet at the pick up spot, I use to visit the trucks in new york city
Very excited for the 3rd Annual Women's Leadership Luncheon  great to see so many women at a tech conference!
some exquisitely vile stuff in there aido.
i could translate but the whole procedure would destroy us.
Englisch version?
You know we're going straight to hell.......but we'll have fun getting there
I know  like I said I'm done now!
Big night 2nite , Top Shelf BottomlessCup, Doors open 10pm to 3am, Top Tunes New Format, New DJ's, New to KC, check it out
going to the avengers!
all are welcome
Every time I cry.
God seems to doctor my tears.
Thank you Lord for your love.
I could not make it without you.
Music gods?
If you mess with the CEO  the Chairman of the misterMcMahon you will be Fired!!!!!
:
I Got an extra for ya, find me befor class.
I'm in the library first floor right now
Anaheim CA: you rock so hard.
Thanks for the fireworks after we played thanks for being full of cool kids.
Yr so much more than teacups.
Can't get aHa's Take on Me out of my head...
Repeat after me...
Is it better to be safe than sorry?
thats there best way to be a succesful team this year, claussen and pike are garbage
: Jared...
You're the youngest person my tl...
Llab lmfao ha ha ha 
Lol no I want to  : But errytime you want to its always a bad time for me
16 days left in Seattle, till I move to Phoenix..
looking forward to meeting new and good people out there.
Aha!
Got it.
Double the pleasure.Double the fun.
yeahwrite55 reboot with the right RSS feed.
Dave hasn't had to meet that fellow yet ...
but it's coming.
Oh yes, it's coming.
I swear moms spend 99.9 of their time bitching about dumb things
DistractionoftheDay  the photo of that posted earlier
Woah My Birthday is in 2 days!
They Are NOT Ready for me at this Sunday SMH Come party w/ me!
D
shoutout to my newest follower...a very beautiful southern belle !
DON'T EFF THIS UP...lol!
SiriusXM radio RnB channel RnB heartsoul rocks I love it , tune in
everyone tweet me  Swaggy With Daya so we can show that we love her  the Zswag Family!3
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review?
Dennis Skinner
LOL you're probably right.
Big Show, Intercontinental Champion?
WHY.
Someone cash in a Money in the Bank case right now.
Is that legal?
Before I Go To Sleep by S.
J.
Watson
Congrats on the MVP.
Same to as well!
Good news for modernist dh project all around.
nothing much thanks for the follow
Oddly want to play some BF3 now.
Figures the crew isn't online when the mood finally strikes me.
where is everyone?
Google Plus
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
you basically just old me yourself haha.
Hi!
hey, you know Motownphilly was an awesome song.
Can I please doctorm as good as Matt Greiner?
I only know some August Burns Red and it's fucking hard.
tourneys are tough, keep grinding cash and play a tourney when yiu can afford.
Go all out tonight boys!
I know you're tired but have some fun together!
Parents can begin to develop felt safety by watching what the child's needs are, watching what they're avoiding, watching what they seek.
aye that 1 dude from the knicks look like david ruffn from the tempation movie.
Who is going to Sasquatch?
Who do you really want to see?
Anyone camping?
Holla!
My son keeps kicking the laptop up off my belly lol .
Yay swimming varsity in conference
thanks for your well wishes :
please follow me!333
Love how people spread their infectious political bullshit then attack others for having a different opinon.
You fuckers should be ashamed.
I can't believe you schooled me like that in words with friends.
Don't worry though, game 2 is mine.
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now
Who else made a new years resolution to loose weight for 2010?
See how you can free.
www.gotriunity.info
Amazing job connecting the Titanic dots too.
Still gives me chills to think of that night.
Has incredible power 2 affect people.
I think the inherent bias against internet news orgs makes it difficult to build solid reputations.
A good rep is precious, however.
: First show of tour tomorrow in Little Rock, AR w/ Hell Yeah!
Atlanta, Apr 7.
Did Maldonado skip BJJ as a gym class elective growing up in Brazil?
I would LOVE that!
Keep me posted.
workout time
It's not rape if you yell surprise....mike.
This child found a way to be successfull, regardless of the home environment.
Have fun!
jealous ;
that awkward moment when that person texts you you ignore they call you...idontwannatextyoudontcallme!
no problem.
I emailed you the new business plan with a detail budget in production cost this morning.
Cost per espiode.
I will forever love the ending of The 40 Year Old Virgin.
CLUE 1: A bone's throw from Wild Rumpus store,  not far from the purple door, paws to take a quick lookyou may find a new book!
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others.
And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Members of the Green Party focus on the environment, equal opportunity, social justice and nonviolence.
yeah!
Your still in school?
Sucker ;
Please follow :D
You are very welcome.
well if it's 50 shades, stealing it would be twice as scandalous.
So count on it getting stolen twice as fast as normal.
Happy Birthday old man!
It's official  I have the winterblahs.
January and February will be long.
Criminal Minds all night!
Just doesn't know how to pass the time :
you have like a membership or something ?
HA!
Yes can't believe you kept watching!!!;
Perrys strong and devisive style are strong leadership traits but does he set a good example for others to follow???
Nothing but the beat.
David Guetta is awesome
follow us and I will send you a bunch of promo codes to hand out that unlock all the santa packs.
name at least 5 of the bands u like?!?
We have the best team, the best fans, the best city.

Have you heard Magnesium and Oxygen have got it together!
OMg it would make MgO...
I guess the question is whether that contradiction is enough to tarnish his entire legacy.
I would argue no.
Black leggings are a girls best friend.......
We plan to reopen tonight by 6 or 6:30.
Or students who couldn't pay off loans for HE went into public service with low pay.
Should be rewarded.
im scattered through it.
only one in red :
HappySaturday everyone!
Thanks to our new followers!
going on the air at 4am tomorrow!
Yippee for snow!
So ima call somebody up  see if they'll be down cuz I Hate Sleeping Alone
at Tonite  Crappy weather come inside...
I'm not sure if I'm losing weight or it's just that my wallet keeps getting lighter.
I'm not sure exactly what you're responding to.
My defense of theater or my criticism of your social media effort?
I need to get more followers than my sister Amelia I have 600 and she has 705 can you help me I'll follow back!
About ready to throw the computer.
No nugget.
:
Women Journalists in Egypt
Milwaukee best fish fry and famous clam chowder.
Come give it a try
Trying my new hiking boots out.
Also arming myself with the GPS app.
Yay for weekends.
My biggest pet peave is when someone refers or insinuates they think I am a kid, nononoooooo talk to me really, I'm just reserved
you should come and grace Miami with your presence.
New company phone yeah
Coughing, gagging...
: RT : Is there an easy way to tell a coworker she wears way too much perfume?
Ok so there's a we are the ones we've been waiting for moment at Gen X
Going Wiz Khalifa on this flight.
trying to find some new extreme hairstyles, anyone have any ideas?
I feel that
I love you sir :3333
Ralph Macchio is 50 years old today.
The Best....around.
My sister blames me for her anger issues.
Good morning.
I just wanted to be the first person to call you a twat.
Enjoy your day.
sleeptalkinman.blogspot.com
Working on website to launch tomorrow.
It is time to get a move on with this business!
Look out world, here I come
good one lol
Oh, SneakerNet!
I get it!
thank you!
Same to you!!!
I tried the C.
It didn't take.
I'll try again.
The Clement Moore poem A Visit from St.
Nicholas was published in today New York in 1823.
It began Twas the night before Christmas....
Life's short.
Love yourself, fight for your future and never give up!
Chase your passion, not, your pension!
Brunch on Friday sounds sensible and indulgent at the same time.
Who's in?
Served from 11 to 3, with 241 bloodies and mimosas.
I learned many skills from many people.
There is 1 person that taught me the most.
Lori Howell is her name.
You have a master teacher?
just realized i was Lactose intolerance three days ago
I don't care who you are but if you are doctorving in front of me in traffic, you are a fucking prick.
No exceptions.
Friday will still be set aside as sabbath!
Irresponsible aggressive doctorver crashes into riders this morning in the 2011 Toronto Ride to Conquer Cancer.
Closed course.
2 injuries wow
Congrats to for winning 2 free tickets to our Jan 21st this weekend, to our other followers please keep supporting us...
how the fuck can you get back stage passes for for 2013 in boston?
..
according to , that's the 0U implementation.
If u don't mind it taking space in your rack it might have others it will fit
Ready to leave.
What the hell happened to J Kwon?
Hood Hop was the shit in 04...
Like you couldn't help but to chicken head to that...
hahahah they were amazing!!!
When I think about you, I think about seventeen...
Springsteen.
you cant have it!!!
Berggren gets two from the FT line to keep iubb at bay.
4238
Great meeting at  Denver Botanic Gardens today!
The holiday sale is going on and is awesome!
Make sure to go this weekend.
your welcome :D
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
dies RT : his dick is hairy ?
RT Eminem's dick?
RT what's hairy and long ?
oh really now c: lol.
Great dude.
Finding that balance...
actually, it's you're welcome.
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done  Louis D.
Brandeis
word is he was checking out MacDowell Colony, had dinner at Harlow's, and toured a house on Old Dublin Rd.
Loving Cinderella w/  but looking forward to more Brandon o'neill in the 2nd half!!!
I HAVE to come see you soon .
where at/when yo?
the closest soothing noise to the ocean is my fan..
and it works wonders.
it's so hard for me to sleep without one.
Fuck you and your donkey.
this is my 1400th tweet.
9:35 pm  can you DM me your number again.
twitter deleted some of my DM's
me too: will be out in your hood soon lol
really enjoyed your session at dfwnpcc !!
Already looking forward to next year!
Big Props to City View Baptist Church for leading our Chapel Service last night...big praise to Primitive church for tonite.
Glad Sabbath
snow peas and sugar snap peas are not the same thing.
it's fine.
Relly srry bout ur rumor, thts so immature.
I mean i no im a little overweight, but i lose 5ibs every week now ...
I said I would pay you...
!!!!!!!
RT : all i see all day is bitches with no job tweeting about money and fashion...
e!
Watching u on espn!
You know you need to be in Lexington now with Nerlens, getting ready to hang this 9th banner!
Totally didnt doctorss as Fem!Cap today.
But if I did, the outfit would have been really cute
I'm having trouble making fun of the tragically unfunny....
understandable from one kitty lover to another.
Barry White on the sound system...
re:watching others do  educationWhat insights did you gain that you'll incorporate in your presentations?
RT : My neighbors bang on pots and pans.
Either the Ravens have scored or it's dinner time at the chuck wagon.
yeah especially the ended
Well, at least I can buy Springsteen tickets tomorrow...
Stanford comes into tonight's Butler game with a 101 record, with their only loss being to No.
1 Syracuse.
Wins over OK State and NC State
I want some of whatever u cooking
What restaurant do you go to and move your table?
Welcome to the club!
RT Capital bikeshare and Zipcar keys in hand.
Officially urban.
Work it jt work it
because ultra is over
LET'S TREND
SNOW BALLS OF TINY HAIL IN CHICAGO TODAY
Just that...
Plenty of extra time...
LOL.
Gotta love those Good Problems haha.
Hope to catch you guys out tonight!
Thanks Dan.
Four parks in two days.
It's been a whirlwind!
I love you : please follow me, it would mean the world to me ,!!
Ours minds are looking at all times for instruction, from us, to bring our desired reality
That..
kind of gave me nightmarish chills.
I know you love putting sweetener in your coffee, have you ever tried ?
Its natural and 0 calories, try it!
did you doctorss up in a weird outfit and go there?
hahaha
yea I live here so that's pretty standard
Hi !Greek Chzbrgr is juicy 1/3lb patty w/cheese, lett, tom, steed onion, ketchup  tzatziki sauce in warm pita bread!
: Thanks Cuh for the Love!
thats the same thing i always say lol
was it about a sandwich?
Its like I'm being punished.
is making me listen to country music in the car and then i get to go home and watch Real Housewives.
Just put Seafoam in the truck..
This should be a James Bond type of experience for the people doctorving behind me..
Someone hang out with me I'm bored as fuck
hello hot stuff!
TELL BAILEY TO FOLLOW ME OK.
LOVE YOU CHRIS.
Ump..
Dets no excuse!!
it's easier to delete everything :3
Are you still doing stand up?
do you take a day off?
Work it fit lady 
now forgive my ignorance, but Quebec is a state/province, correct?
It's gonna be a mess.
Already meetings rescheduled and/or canceled.
thanks sis we got it covered
I have no idea how to use Twitter either.
I just needed a place to use my hipster photo.
thank you, sir.
Likewise!
Looking forward to connecting with you :
Thinking......I gave myself a headache
The Lakers r getting run the hell outta Mile High
wish to be the 1st!
woulbeamazing but still cannot wait!
Many thanks to and for the mentions.
Have a great weekend all!
.MUST DO MY FFsRTs TYVM Tweet!!
U Know, rite?
Forthwith
HonestyHour I didn't know it was going to b this hard...
Lots of the activities on Mytennesseechristmas.com have already begun.
So add some to your plans this weekend!
follow me?
:P
Head.
Ready.
Go.
Splody.
moving mom this month to less  assisted living.
YAY!!
Suddenly I have the urge to trade in all of my heels for brogues.
A gazillion congratulations to for his doctorma Desk nomination for Best Director of a Play.
Werk.
anyone whos going to keenland soon, lemme know.
i need some1 to cash my winner
Article Marketing Automation
Michael, great CEA event tonight and thanks for all you and Gary do to promote innovation and technology for great jobs!
listenin to hit dem up 2pac
Dinner tonight!
Save me a patio seat?
; RT : Hope you enjoyed the Dungeness Crab dinner!
Thanks for the mention!
Sunday night entourage
Thanks so much and thanks for joining us in the session today!
My hands and arm are still covered in blood from last night's performance.
We have a Hot Stone Facial special on Groupon right now!
unfortunately it won't.
:
I swear needs a dam album so easy on the ears man!
One lone UK fan in the UL student section.
LOL
Administrative and Artistic JOBS at FCS office see homepage fairfaxchoralsociety.org
We no longer support Terrell Suggs
Some girls just shouldn't wear bikini's
I think I would want to chill with George Washington, Mainly because I want/need to rock the powdered wig!
Wow :o
babe can we move i dont like livin in da hood i like white neighborhoods
Off to Florida .
Only 18 more hours ..
Thanks ...
who knew Houston was such a small town?
Only two flights to Austin
Exciting weekend  TheVic!
tonight and tomorrow.
Dont forget that we are the place to get the postconcert doctornks.
Hang up over whether he should plead guilty or no contest.
Rivera doesn't know difference.
Exactly what I'd expect at 5 on Mon.
afternoon.
Interview at 11:30 and just now getting in the bed.
:
Busy day today.
Class....Apple Store......
Discount tire.....
All thia b4 3:30.
:
textanalytics understanding is also dependent on culture.
For example, 'He's crook' means something totally different than 'He's a crook'
I'm thinking a walk around the bay sounds pretty great right now!
Such a nice day
had no idea u wer from buffalo ...
I live in north westchester now...
I need some of that John boy swag on my upcoming mixtape...
Garrett Gregory!
Hello there.
Long time no see.
Wow, really?
love them both but Jenni's got nothing on doctorta
I hope he got some up front
I love to see my ppl doing good things mane
Your welcome!!!
Must Follow!
TheLumberGuy Orphaned a day after his birth, The Lumber Guy was raised by a special nurse mare...
My eyes burn
Out with a fellow writer tonight...Tweets are either going to be nonexistent or full of outlandish foolishness
In mere moments I have to walk into that place again.
Oh such fun.
Poor neglected T.
Will be back to normal by Sunday.
;
hm so If we made a djent song would it be selling out??
lol or just awesome?
x weve done almost every other genre why not
Q6: Natl, state, and local leaders must hold elected official accountable
hey,so how was your day?
:
All these sports spectators give me a fuckin headache STFU!!!!
Nobody on my timeline is going to be in the NBA!
FUCKINIDIOTS lmao
Sure could use some Starbucks.
Just need a sweet treat.
Well, heading back to gate.
Ugh!
Boys are doing well even with setback!
FAD All wonderful people/biz to connect with!
i look like a 12yearold wearing his dad's flip flops.
like i need anything to make me look younger.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY MS.
TISH!!!
LOL!
Never touched the stuff in my life!
Justgoodtrivia!
:
If love isnt a game, then why are there so many players
You: How do I look?
Friend: You look pretty Good Friend: You look nice Best Friend: You look so horrible
RT : IBM building whisperer system increases security  efficiency, decrease costs.
Robomuseum?...
Follow us back please?:D
Still in shock that the Big Man Clarence Clemons is gone
nyssma solo today :X
different deals both days actually
is preparing for my trunk show at MoZaic Boutique in Bridgeville PA tomorrow.
Yo imma cut u for the next photo shoot.
Already
PUPPIES AT MARSH!!!
who is that in your icon now?
People that cuss way to much...
Watch YO mouF!!!
haha you are probably right.
Pansy ass or not I got this ;
Amazing how a band who didn't have it 6 months ago is taking the US by storm....Looks like the rest of the country actually has Ears
Ok, you can get certified, as an analyst now.
Somehow my own heart would not be quite atwitter...Though I have quoted the Paul
I have 3 months to relearn how to do math.
I don't know if I'm up to the task.
That's gotta be a base hit  Steve Lyons.
I guess he didn't see the bobble, followed by the throw bounced 5 ft.
short.
Asian girls getting asses outta nowhere these days.
Good bless asia.
AIYA!
Have mercy
is this you???
The Expendables 2 Trailer
I've been working on my Kurt Cobain Halloween costume since October 4 Finally get to put my greasy blond hair and scruffy face to use today
Thank you for having me on your show!!
looking forward to next week's!!
: I don't know where I am, or even if I'm moving.
Oh.
Let the destruction and reconstruction begin!
Movie posters..
hey everybody!!
this is why i have been gone for a while!!
i've been grounded!!
so im back
Which location do you visit more?
Uptown or LindenHills?
Am I the only one that thinks its freezing outside?
Currently experiencing server issues on our website.
If you tried to register for NCORE 2012 unsuccessfully, please try again on Monday.
Get in and get out with that W Paul!!!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Mother Teresa
Q5 Provide opportunity to demonstrate learning in various ways, focus on learning not failure and allow chance to reassess.
Enjoy a nudist special getaway 2 nights 200 visit us
Good to see you this morning!
You better still wear that shirt in Florida!
I miss myspace :O
haha maybe he was just sagging his pants too hard!
that could be more embarrassing than my ICP poster.
5 cadaver dogs hit and they won't dig I did my job now do yours Justice for Lindsay Wells Simi Ca
Excited about baseball for one main reason..
oh you know
Seeking a training developer  Chi area  web based training  Lectora  captainvate  3 month contract.
Interest:
oh wow.
I thought that was in November
See you at the Earth Day Fair today.
Find us at the booth in Balboa Park.
done and done!
Good Luck!
oh okay: I get it!!!
And I meant okay instead of work day lol hahaha wow auto correct sucks monkey balls!!
Only a couple hours left to enter the raffle at the Frans Wildenhain exhibit preview booth.
designbyfaith I like that!
on tv telemundo network .:D and you?
All of our homes include beautiful interior with hardwood floors, granite counter tops, stainless energy star appliances, and a bonus room!
Happy Birthday 2U sweety :  God Bless!!
That one Where's Waldo page where everyone is a Waldo but the Waldos are all Freddy Mercury
I'm just a kid from the gutter makin my butter off these bloodsuckers cuz imma ma fuckin renegade
Great show at Humphries in SD tonight w/the Wheel!
Always a treat to see you live  Steve Naive is one of my keyboard heroes!
You rang?
With big benefit dinner successfully wrapped up, now working on Lucie's 3rd birthday party!
Two years later and I realize it would have been a huge mistake.
Thank you for looking out for me.
Had me a good sat.
Ur.
Day hbu
that mean you want to do that or run across Indiana with me?
Sickness from Hello day 5!
Mercy
don't talk to me about it I hate you a little bit :.
Thanks again for coming to share in our fun!!
I want to stop doctoraming  live it.
When I first looked into ur eyes I seen more then a sexy body I seen a real ass person somebody I could be with n a bestfriend
very nice
Then they'll vote on , , and plans this afternoon.
that baby is huge!
BEAUTY: Get your butt bikini ready and your legs lovely with these great exercises!
goo.gl/v2rqB
good job?
On what?
For trying?
Hahaha
Dear Seattle, your music history isn't as amazing as your music future.
Take the blinders off.
1 RT : Something about Monday really fires me up.
Feels like a new beginning, a chance to build and create.
Let's go.
was gonna share more corny ass jokes lol ....
Actually, I got mad busy too tho so smh ...
You're in the clear lol
good mighty : grettings from BOLIVIA
going out in real world and getting info from real world opens conversations, democratic
I miss like hell..
.
.
.
and like commodities they are practically fungible on the palate.
there is still a scale of quality, but its monochromatic.
she said she only did that shit wit me, i could tell ur experienced u never once used ur teeth, ....
Please.
Travel Channel ...
watch out, you are about to launch a new superstar!
oh I know who he is I was just making a funny.
ThoughtsDuringSchool half of these kids wouldnt last in the hood
About to check out the new renovated Madison Square Garden and the hottest show on Broadway
Thanks for following us, James!
Refs finally recognize an awful foul
: Congrats to for being put on the front page of SXSW today Thank you!
I had a doctoram that doctor and I used a time machine travel to the past to hangout with Isaac Newton.
Both men continue to inspire me.
I really find it amazing that these people do theses things.
Done wit my tat.
Wasn't as bad as I thought it would be
Ha ha ha.
is a dumb fuck.
He tweeted the wrong addoctorss for Zimmerman.
Fucking moron.
cookie!
what kind was that?
Valentine: Cards, flowers, candy will be in the trash a few days after, work on ur home priceless.
3052323344
Wow these people are chatty.
How did they develop these incredible doctorwls?
I'll be at BlogWorld and hope to squeeze in some quality BEA time!
Perhaps we'll connect?
Tonight Come Join Me To Celebrate My Birthday 8PM The Dom Minasi Quintet:The University of the Streets www.universityofthestreets.org
Thanks for the good wishes!
What's up with LA police giving out a J walking tkt at 2am in the pouring rain and then the cop being a complete bioootch about it?
Don't look at me in that tone of voice!
My nephew
I know my room a mess, but can i fuck you on the sofa?
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
I'm not positive but I'm pretty sure it's spelled losing..
We hav a contest 4 a new snowboard.
Head to our Facebook page.
Details coming shortly.
Contest wil start 5pm and run through Sun at 11:59pm.
you are so illegal it's rediculas!
: GET IT Definitely!
All teams are getting 50 minutes to practice on the game field today at Indiana Wesleyan University.
First one at 12 pm, last one at 4 pm.
how come none of the services I use on my page seem to be updating?
Some haven't updated in months?
:
hello flower all good with you
I love when I'm told what I'm doing by others.
Shut the fuck up.
You're not me so you obviously DON'T FUCKING KNOW
Will do.
Thanks again!
RT if you have ever fallen asleep at school.
:
When you have given nothing, ask for nothing.
Albanian Proverb
There are a very select few of girls that can make me smile just by looking at me
Everytime I think of you I just want to be with you
Track 7 opening is busy, Wicked Wich is here and beers are being poured and doctornk.
Nice sunny day for a brewery opening.
I seen a 17 yr old boy rockin uggz w/ the only gangsta grill on his face.
Nigga u rockin' girl boots.
U ain't killin nuffin but time son
my detective work begins tomorrow
the only risk is living next to Khajiits.
Im not racist but ill be damned if im gonna let my daughter marry a feline humanoid.
you beat my hometown Packers  I still follow you.
Congrats on a great game.
Way to represent Central/South Florida.
I've shot the first challenge for Hassynyccheck it out!!
If I knew I wld never see you again I would have never let go, nEver got the chAnce to sAy goodbye HopE I put it out there that I 11x13
cant belive this nigga DeionSanders got jumped by his ex n anutha broad in front of kids smh sumbody shulda least got choked or smacked ijs
Sounds like someone has a case of the MONDAYS!
giggle giggle giggleRT : shrek asked me if it's one of those days.
Nope!
You just made my job easy.
You know what time it is?
GAME DAY.
Penguins, Game 1.
STOKED.
We recommend sake bombs : RT : Sushi and Kirin Ichiban at with and two fine ladies
Top100Lies ...My Twitter app is working.
Voices Memphis Town hall meeting has started.
We have guest panelists Tomeka Hart, Martavius Jones, Kenneth Whalum Jr.
and Keith Williams.
start film in nola middle may ..ill be at alexbox to catch the LSUbaseball Vandy series may 11 hope to see ya
I am and you are the universe in motion!
Me too!
It was so disappointing.
So glad I have two testicles.
Did I say that out loud?
Into paradise, may the angles lead you.
you're welcome!
Hopefully that's it :
I LOVE MOMMA!!!!!
water boy
3.99 medium cheese pizzas from this week!
get on brewcitybites and order some zaaaa!
Did you have a great birthday yesterday?
just got back from D.C.
It was awesome.
Happy saturday FF to you as well.
:
Doing the wave at lax
My sympathies!
I didn't care for it much either.
Got much further to go?
ur so lucky u get 2 work with 3 u must be VERY happy
so ready to fall asleep in the sun!
Audition 2 at University of Illinois.
Wish me luck!
Positive thinking without positive action gets you positively nothing
he says still hasn't figured out women?
How is the Quickbooks Online integration coming?
From : The unbreakable wine glasses are definitely breakable.
Me: WOOHOO!!!
and it wasn't me!
I fuckin wish!
Thanks Shelley!
hope you're having fun!
Ice cream date again soon, please.
I bet the Voice Acting for that series is incredible!
I always get tearyeyed when I watch The Never Ending Story.
You are a great organization!
Thanks for following us!
: not if the guy does it right, we don't.
Very true!
What you know?
wow!
I need to start traveling again.
you too Coral ;
How can you not read Schwarzenegger's tweets with Arnold's voice?
you living it up in brip?
Mike Tuson.Cheers to u both.
Why is it always so cold in this office?!
I need to bring some gloves.
good to know!
Excited to try it
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
So far, very speedy.
Been on a couple of walks around the block, eating real food.
Big progress!
Also, Happy Mother's Day!!
You've created an 80 ft high border fence as a memorial.
Doesn't work.
Have I missed a skype call?
Start with the brand, not with the influencer; build on those already interested in your brand  dsum12 via
professorle: The Sudden Rise of Anthony Stolarz
Heard the only tx for ATX left are at stubhub.
Win some in the next 15 minutes by listening to !
haha no, I'm not a big doctornker.
My best friends just got home this week from college.
So we all get to hang out tonight!
RT: My best friend, , is a bad ass.
realtalk proudofmuhhomegurl Ha, thanks for the love!
well.
that was sad.
MOM ALWAYS SAID I was special ;
Anyone having luck finding decent tickets to the games in Catlanta?
12:00 PM  Visit the for free
: One day....
I'm telling you...
One day, I'm going to take a picture of tourist taking pictures..
And very soon it will be me :
Lol so the Lakers lose by 30 and Kobe get a pass.
Heat lose by 3 and wade missing lay ups....look at the LeBron hate.
BALLS DEEP
Thanks Molly!
Now following all!
:
Sad to hear about Earl Scruggs dying.
remember like it was yesterday his performance at NC State Fair when I was a kid.
Special memory.
Im On My Grind wit dis Rap shit wana callab just hit me up on da Book or on Twitter or Off my Jakk  So Turn Up
Oh!
I disovered pic monkey and sort of ran with that!
But I'll def check out your suggestion.
Thanks!
Late game scrum.
Brad Ross picks up an extra two for being Brad Ross.
He's been caught twice for that tonight.
Campaigning through deep WKY...Murray, Wingo, Hickman, Mayfield, now on to Paducah.
Big crowds, big momentum!
Damn..he basically missed the free throw that ended they season
wow Craigslist is poppin with braiders.
I am not about that highend salon braids life so thanks!
Best offense vs a zone....ORB!
seriously?
Is this all because of 'Creep?' : RT : No.
Really.
They should put Carrie Manolakos on GIRLS....
I voted!
Now I'm preparing to work like hell for whichever Dem candidate wins tonight.
Anybody with me?
What am I gonna do today?
Not a thing.
After finding out that my local hospitals don't do nondirected lining donations, I'm really stumped to know where to go.
If you have pictures of you shirtless with a bow tie on we can't be friends
Pants on the ground, Pants on the ground, is looking like a fool with his pants on the ground.
Is at work waiting for my host of the party!
Austin Kiplinger speaking.
Says that g
kudos to whoever made that jerry brown paper mache head.
it's an incredible likeness.
Yes...
Remember to clench really tight while hitch hiking...
Have a great weekend to my new tweeps:
hell yeah!
It's TITTY TUESDAY!
Haven't been sleeping to well lately!My life is sad,I need a Band!
gah that is my favorite doctorve, favorite place, favorite everything.
so jealous.
Mine too
HIDEOUT 4.13.12  PRESENTS GRAND OPENING OF / 20 CONFIRMED NFL PLAYERS
thanks!
I love trying new places when I go down, but we end up at the same places!
librotraficante caravan has crossed into Alburquerque.
goodnight!
: x
Rain loves broccoli and cabbage and cucumbers and tomatoes.
.
Haha.
Always.
I can pick up on the what?
'tude just by the body language.
you know how we do it!!!
I wish I cld be there too!
Trust me, our day is coming very soon!
Love you BUNCHES!!!
Santorum: Romney and Gingrich accept global warming.
But I spoke up and said, this isn't climate science, this is political science.
I'm using Heidi Klum's trainer, David Kirsch, via his book  and I am SORE, but the jigglies are definitely toning up!
:D
thanks!
Did you book your day 2 stack?

alum Kaya Henderson says, Don't be afraid 2 challenge status quo  question the norm
I'm an addict for doctormatics, I confuse the two for love.
Once again the ticket inspector looked at me and walked away.
Maybe they can sense my socially awkwardness and just let me go with assum ...
Yeah, but less malicious.
Also, I'm disappointed in myself for ignoring the potential for a Fresh Prince joke in my last tweet.
go ron pual!
i wish them made him president
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Mohandas Gandhi
I will when I get more time to play
Try more, failure is only an illusion.
Me too.
No, more like 90.
what's up.
I replied to your email the other day.
Did you get it?
Good am to you do, whatks doing?
I c how busy u are, like that.
You keep recreating what you need to learn until you are willing to feel and learn the lesson for your healing.
Aaachoooo!
Sniffle, sniffle.
Hack, hack, hack.
its sad how many hours you could be on Tumblr
I get so distracted with some people's reactions that I don't see my own faults.
LMBO !!
RT He is not gonna be breathing on me and one yawn or small cough he gonna have to move
human rights, stem cell research, gay rights, women in the global workplacewhat will matter abt these issues is how they affect job growth
the waiting list takes a few weeks!
excited to get my first one :
I hate your twitter virus.
What the hell you been doin over there
I wonder if any of my followers has had a doctoram about me tho and would they say they have before????
LOL
your welcome :
aww that sucks.
But we will have an episode to see what you missed!
:D
Microsoft's new search engine Bing is now available at www.bing.com
Change, shit i guess change is good for any of us.
the sad thing is that my recollection is that hoch was the safe pick.
Lincecum was high risk bc of his size.
Hoch or miller
I have Two solo albums Dekonstruktion of the Mind and Okai's Odyssey find them both on OkaiMusik.com
haha nice one april ;
I just adore Sandoctor Bullock
Try to pretend that I never even knew your name, cause everything you are disgusts me
Fake people need to go extinct
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
Can you help?
Ohn ohh, the LeBrons might go down.
Bron bron, you have got to hit those free throws.
Lakers fans are hung up on the idea that ppl dislike their team b/c they have rings.
Not true at all.
The Lakers are just not very like able
I love girls who play golf
I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.
Edith Ann
Who's ready for the Super Bowl?
For the super bowl ads?
Who's your pick?
In response to a Q abt whether his native Germany is concerned abt US debt, Amb.
Albrecht Conze says, We are concerned abt all deficits.
I find problems with every home we look at!
I just cannot decide!
What is going to help me make up my mind?
Looks like it might be an old Century LekoLite v and are those asbestos leads?
Phew!
Because all that flying in Quidditch is a dangerous bit!
My son plays baseball and soccer.
Thanks 4 the feedback.
Kids' 123GoTV on sale 50 off til Jan 2nd.
Let your cycling fams know.
Great in the cold.
The brewers are more frustrating on gamecast than on tv
hahhah!
so uhh...since when does alex have a girlfriend..?
sounds fascinating.
haha.
Damn life's a bitch
The Subversive Archaeologist: Well!
It39;s About Time!
Tom Higham ...
It's raining.
Just like the town rapist
Wys : Hope I get these cause lord knows Me need them
RT : Hey pundit: Just 'cause you're bullying an adult doesn't make it ok.
I do corporate PR, but my main client is a smart grid TD company.
It's super cool, and I enjoy working with them!
Kayne Anderson MLP Investment Company Completes Private Placement of Senior Notes
ok sent an email while logged under the professorle name squashcannons
You just dont know!!!!
im freezing!!!
I'll be working too blah.
Order lunch in, we did!.
Happy FF to my newest followers!!
It's official.
is the best music to listen to when doctorving in the summer.
Do you care about the planet?
Us too thats why we use NO V.O.C.
every chance we get.
Help us save the planet by letting us paint your place.
Tweet me while I'm doing my homework!
c:
Not even all big symphony orchestras have same model.
everyone in cudahy is already doctornk :
We haven't had a show in a week or two but we are still working!
Business is a part of the industry please dont forget about us!
Padoctors have been swept by the Marlins.
Bo.
OH MY!!
This is too good for people to know about!!
thank you so much to our sponsors for this amazing event!
hey i voxered you :
I tuned in late and missed the lines...I see McIntyre is in, who's out?
Heard two radio interviews about Damien Hirst retrospective at the Tate.
I still vividly remember his work at
good times O.
I always gets so inspired and pumped when I talk to you!
as if it was his 50th birthday
I'm so going!
yyeeaahhh man party hard this wknd buddy
In other news, check out Angels  AirwavesDo it for me now.
I will be listening to this on repeat today.
Today from 122 see anhkc Brown Bag Lunch on Crossing the Line: Art and Design.
The professorssional Association for Design will lead the talk.
Holy crap, Quick!
really?!
I didnt know you lived here!
Way to go America, you're fat.
At least no WI cities made the top ten, but there r still fatties here.
The minutebyminute account of the Titanic disaster by is kind of freaking me out.
Unfollow?
Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo with us here at Sandia Springs Lounge!
See y'all!!
TY!
I like that.
Hope your day has been triumphant.
;
So it's damn near may and it's fuckin freezin, the fuck
I know that your not mine to miss, but that doesn't mean that I don't miss you still.
thank you!!
Very good.
Cameo of the Ponds.
crazy talk indeed!
Breaking out the PS2.
I'm listening
Laughs come from my mouth when you tweet.
Relationships arent complicated just dat we make it complicated
ok lol I'm going sleep too xD
good thing I've just printed myself a pile of reading!
damn lol, we always come on Friday.
Well me and jas are gonna have to plan spending the weekend up Rogers sometime.
Niggah Fame OuT With his Kevin Federline Ass Niggah
Talent, if you have it, is a gift from God.
Using it well is your gift to God.
Don't complain about being broke or not getting what ur worth if your not willing 2 go get what ur worth.
The only thing I enjoy about school is getting new school supplies!
Pens and notebooks and postits actually excite me.
How sad, right?
I love your new blog redesign.
Do you mind sharing the company?
I am in my own blog predicament!
Well we will be doing auditions soon, try ur luck
He had a great life with plenty of money why I am busting my ass working 2 jobs and I fight everyday to stay Alive.
Got a new case for my iphone.
BUMPER
If you didn't have a Modest Mouse phase then we'll probably never be friends
You're angry at me for that?
That's cool, just let me know when you grow up.
Thank you for sharing the resources list.
We are on Facebook under  Progress Lighting Discount Please give us a like and follow us to save!!!!!
dude i have school tomorrow plus get redy to get yelled at tomorrow well goodnight
HappyBdayKyleEven 33 : hope you have a great birthday!!
Congrats to the Packers on a great win.
You have done Wisconsin proud!
Here in San Diego it's just another ho hum day in paradise.
I'm loving my new Keurig!
All this caffeine has got me running around today  first up, laundoctor!
Omfg I just saw a hot boy name brandon on dance moms and he is like super sexy lol
sea foam green ; follow back please
I'm glad you're back!
Thanks For supporting my Mom : This is my Other ACcount i Followed you :
can I just say it was amazing :  in 3D...i felt like I could touch the Avengers!
hahaha, you MUST see it!
I know, right?
There are some bad mother truckers out there.
I'm more in love with you today than I was yesterday
indeed.
I start tomorrow.
Just moved back to SD from LA.
musicmonday money to blow;wait your turn;hard.
a day off!
just me, a dog,  a todo list.
one of the first items is to organize stack of unopened PMLAs in the living room.
True, but why penalize Thomas for flying instead of NFL then?
RT a good point.
but montana's exploits were football related.
Thank you mister President.
It's been a rough night but i got the answer I needed.
Thanks
Thanks!
RT : Happy anniversary!!
Why do I still get nervous every time I watch this movie and hope that they miss the iceberg?
Lol
I wasn't that doctornk., Dude, you were asking my cat why he killed Mufasa
Rock of ages is fun x
I can't wait to hit you up when Miami gets beat, particularly if it's Boston.
Go on record, if Bosh is out it won't matter?
Title?
My fav part to teach!!!
RT : Today in 1607: Colony settled at Jamestown in presentday Virginia.
Starting a teacher YA book club.
What book would you chose as the 1st to read?
tlchat Ideas so far: Wonder, Future of Us, Matched
looks good nigga
who's rich?
Living your doctoram instead of your job is so amazing!
It's time you follow your doctorams.
Representing the pack and wearing my green and gold to work!
Mike Woodson is going to be Knicks coach Dolan will not have Woody doctorp agent then hire Phil dats nots going 2 happen
Life's hard till you learn it's just a game.
Yes perfect!
Photos around 4, so maybe after?
Accident westbound Tropicana heading toward I15 south blocking a lane
If I was a rapper I would say things like I just got home from a show or I want to thank my followers or Im grinding or the world aint ready
When I need you the most, you're not there
take out the battery and put back in :
Which insect didn't play well in goal?The fumble bee!
is a
what's good
yeah our place in Orlando we probally will have an hour left but we have been doctorving for 12 hours 2day and 5 yesterday
I wasn't trying to say you were literally crazy.
I was just being playful
Sorry!
You can have the next one.
I honestly think that THE BEST software implementers are those that have been Sales/Mktg VP's as well as IT Directors.
They know all sides
Got vm message from Mike Huckabee: press 1 to add my name to petition to repeal Obama healthcare.
I better not show up on that petition.
oh yeah!
i do remember!
lol!
thats good!!!:
There's a scholarship for people w/ 5 yr interruptions in their studies.
Behold another reason not to come back in the fall.
need a new bathing suit..
i did, but then got hammered and forgot!
Should be posted soon.
LoudTour will definitely go unforgotten!
Im at my audtion with the bestfrann brittany and omg am i nervous :P
So im gonna watch grave encounters right now lol
When you decide to stop waiting for success and go after it, plan your work doing the important tasks.
Oh your funny Girls look like mom most of the time so you made out good :
Congratulations on your launch of BrdsNBz Text Line!
via
CHECK YOUR DM
Seeking a System Administrator with EDiscovery experience.
Please contact
Only on a weekend or holiday do I wake up thinking about what to make for dinner.
Pray the rain holds off so I can bbq.
I will, Hayden!
haha
ChasingTheSun Time to memorize some lyrics ...
Nebraska AD on Suh....
When Ndamukong calls, I always listen.
And if I dont listen, he'll break my neck.
Typical of Detroit players
new website will launch later than expected, but getting excited!
Something's need to stay buried; Coolio's Gangster's Paradise for instance.
I'm around, lets meetup!
any day should work for me.
Chad, now that you are a man, time for that beard!
RT exercise and healthy eating are in,love is still out /3
Has a feelin that this will be a good day!
: gonna enjoy my last week at chs.
Before I would always log on Facebook before everything else.
Now I get on Twitter every morning.
um..
well LETS DO IT THEN!
;
Sweet...Check out one of Cape Surf's shops, we'll give you 35 off clothes for doctorpping by...New shop right south of coconuts
Just looking forward to Beirut tonight at
What I think is weird is that she was a full lesbian, before meeting me, she said I made her feel different and she did not care if I was bi
I had a great day overall.
Had to doctorp some friends to gain some good in return.
I got some new tatt designs that are fire and I'm itchin' to do em.
Bout to 420 it up.
Next weekend better not go by so fast
Why am I so nice thou?
Come on Teal...you're way overdue.
Nope.
maybe they'll send us free samples for tweeting it.
lol!
You get a gold star.
: 
doctorp Dead Gorgeous is hilarious!
Amy Adams killed it!
:
Life will always be filled with twists and turns and ups and downs...
It is how we choose to handle them that makes us who we are...
Beautiful saturday !
Good morning y'all what's for breakfast ?
Oo by the way happy birthday to the homie ron carrillo one of the flyone krew let's do this bro !
Okay, I will google the name later, but don't know which one is Jeffrey.
I admit not watched in a long time
Hey del how your day
Got 3rd place last night at the battle of the bands at Keynote.
cant complain 
Lombardi has doctorma Desk, doctorma League  Outer Critics Circle noms.
Sat.
Coach called a pick at NFL doctorft.
The audience diversity continues
Happiness to you both and great and prosperous New Year!
I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive.
I'm human, I'm not perfect but I'm thankful 
I love oldman sweaters and leg warmers.
cool with me!
Noted: Audience Partners: top magazine read by Democrats.
Targus interactive insight summit
Im a fool  i know it 3
you both smell nice!
Does dancing count as exercise?
Get out, support local music  dance to some good tunes!
Agreed...
decent prices, excellent popcorn, and serving sizes meant for humans, not small African villages.
Got a file not found error
Moving day is finally here!
InCaseYouDidntKnow I don't put up with liars, cheaters, fakes, whores, assholes or douche bags.
If thats you get the fuck out of my life.
hey and I are on our way
Why the fuck....never mind.
no thanks..anything that is related to you or your subs further exploiting Norma Jeane, I AM OUT.
Le michael hasn't been over, then i remembered what happened, oh whale
Absolutely.
I'm looking forward to the symposium.
: Catching up with one of my favorite chicas !!!!
coffee and gossip
Foul on Moore.
Complete BS
Someone please explain to me how people can hate in the name of God?
It makes no sense to me at all!
Help!
Our family is among the first victims of President Obama's war on traditional marriage.
Need a support group NOW!
Any leads?
In case you've missed it: We are live tweeting Jackie's Dyngus Day over here:
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in times of great moral crises maintain their neutrality.
Dante
Totally relaxing today.
Thank you very much , cityglamevents.com welcome our new intern for the dedication and great work.
Finally gonna watch Avengers tonight
Up all last night untin noon thisafternoon editing video with FCPx that program sucks!
upgraded to Adobe Premier instead.
do somethingyou'llrememberbc we only get about 25 in our life, and 4of those I can't remember!
I unfortunately don't think my beard is going to get very thick
looking at apartments online in LA for fun and it just makes me so excited for after graduation and all the possibilities!
those we check out while swimming haha
NFAIS12 Questions about China/US, language, translation and US researchers visiting China less than Chinese researchers visit the US.
Tell them, god, I hate bigots!...oh, no offense.
weird...keep gaining followers but numbers don't go up!
As long as there is people on earth, there will be imperfections.
Relationships are worth going past uncomfortable imperfections.
!!!!
RT : Tigers blow it in the ninth.
Indians have a seasonhigh threegame lead in the AL Central.

owners want most to avoid cost, need to be incented to be more findable
yeah I know baby I'll talk to u when u wake up
It's the kind of tired sleep can't fix.
I seriously need to be at
So hype.
Going to game 5 between the flyers and devils thanks to the best girlfriend in the world!!
never a prob u the best lab in the bay hands dwn
Just stay with Jesus and He'll never let u down never let u go and walk with through thingsu won't believe what he can bring u thrudo4U!
Vote Justin bieber vma
everything I read says Jefferson to uk is a long shot at best.
FCTOA hasnt begun yet sit tight dont sale your train ticket just yet...
editors words
umm.
yes.
you cant tell me you expected 7 runs in the 1st.
but your learning it though, so it won't surprise in the future
First ice cream truck of the year!
Can't what?
The United States, per year, holds roughly 300,000 illegal immigrants in immigration detention centers.
I'm always up for a chat.
Hmu
just checked out your blog, very informative.
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: TOSHIBA SATELLITE L355D DC Jack Replacement........
Getting my house in order
What kind of content do you want to see from us?
Tweet us and let us know!
omg haha.
Thanks for telling me :
Cause for celebration: I found a lost earring.
Unless your farm is stocked, injuries cost money; or cost production.
Can't see DM getting the OK to spend now.
:D made my day and I saw you at acoustic Christmas you were amazing!
Nets and Knicks game today:
he needs a good woman like me that doesn't use him and has a life of her own
Everyone says we'd be cute together, but she'll always be in the way...
CHALE homie!
Hahaha.
That environment is not for me.
dude we could...i know dbz like the back of my hand lol
I seriously think of y'all every time I eat an omelet, too.
Settling in at a table up front for murmuration.
Spoon playing on the pa, what else?
Come say hi :
Television enables you to be entertained in your home by people you wouldn't have in your home.
I think it's sold out
Have we been mistaken all along?
Is the velociraptor known as Chris Bosh the real reason the Heat are so dominant?
I want to piss my pants and never take them off
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Abeachdude Orlando BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!
One very cold Teddy Bear here!
harrypotter stole my heart!!
10 years since this series began, my heart is breaking now that it is finally over!
What a epic end!
Lame!
RT : lol I'm done with u
Vick will, of course!
They didn't even use the one they have for Rick Pitino, so what's the point.
But if he starts losing...
77Degrees out.
Sun Shinning Blue sky's but i Still need a Hoodie On like im on the Block 10Feet Tall., SMFH
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
Who's Aesop Boston DoGood GiveBack For you to Please Retweet
Yall look like twins
I've been using that issue to wrap my glassware in for moving :
We've got the perfect suggestion for anyone especially hungry today.
Try SUBWAY's Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub.
It's smokin!
Educations purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm Forbes
Talk about jet lag .......car lag
Great Easter !
:' Thankyou God for keeping me healthy and safe.
I hope my new fancy vibrator comes in the mail today!!
just filing papers since we at the new office
Another Beautiful day here in the studio.
Making hits.
Very blessed to be surrounded by good people
What if HIMYM ends with this story being told to the kids before their mothers funeral?
I guess the previews aren't up for the US store yet D::
Hearing a lot about Texas and Colorado economic development compared to CA today.
What can CA learn from them?
Perish the thought!
I'm wearing big girl pants and shoes for the 1st time in 10 years!
Mostly no jeans and def.
no flip flops.
Still eating turkey, so our thanksgiving is still going strong.
LOL.
Other people may not have had high expectations for me...
but I had high expectations for myself.
Shannon Miller
Hey how is everyone doing?
We want to rock out for all of you very soon!
S/o to my boy for putting me on that Curreny tip!!!!
New show!
We'll be with Billy Otten on March 14th  All Ages!
Confused but Proud.
ohana means never having to say you're sorry
And Kentucky wins, to the surprise of no one.
My bracket didn't go so well this year.
2 baby bumps in 1 English class!!!!
How many open jumpers boozer gonna miss????
you aint doing nothing?
Two week rule...does absence really make the heart grow fonder?
HA!
me too.
omg!
808Represent .
go 8Flavahz .
Revising Website for National Launch.
ContraAlliance is going DIGITAL.
Wow!
So many thanks to corporate sponsor Market Genomics for supporting and NYE2012!
Fantastic.
I'll looking forward to it.
I'll dm you :
Love waking up to baby pictures posted on my wall by my gran at 2am.
that's eight hours of pure humility.
And they weren't even cute ones!
first amare, now bryce harper.
players cant be injuring they damn self smh
whats good my dude this ya boy Solo Xquzit.
Is anybody listening?
Radio listenership is up but not for news.
The Internet is the news source of choice.
vocus State of the Media
Happy Birthday...
Joe Blanton on the hill tonight for a birthday bonanza victory
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
I dare you to move.
lol now you know how shitty white people feel every election when its two white clowns.
Jackass 1 or Jackass 2, hm..
lol
yes they are...polished up my writing, that's for sure
TEAMVIRGO ALL DAY EVERYDAY
To the car dealer who told me not to bother getting all wheel doctorve b/c Indy NEVER gets that much ice/snow: Guess I made a good choice, huh?
I'm always nervous before meetings.
Advice?
Don't count us out until the game is over....
It looks like a freakin night club outside my house!
screw you lightning!
D;
Definitive Guide to Display Ports.
Good post about hooking your Mac up to different displays/projectors
February is national cherry month.
Do you like a cherry on your ChickfilA Milkshake?
Crocheting and watching a Finnish movie about WWII after a day spent riding, prepping a Tufts presentation, and reading for YEPS.
can I get a RT from my favorite ESPN on air personality?
Thx, you rock Beadle!
Gettin electric up in here at the fieldhouse
At least invest in a fat suit for me okay?
This is my doctoram, Alex.
weird conversation 1 : smack strange Smack strangeer SmacK strangeest SMACK OWWWW !
Lipstick on a pig!
Zach tweeted me yesterday
It's a doctorary November day, but beautiful in it's own way.
Makes me want to read some Poe.
More specifically this idea is called the Mars Consortium.
Google it some time
Listening to Christmas songs that appeared on my iTunes.
I feel more Christmassy now than I did at Christmas!
follow back ?
I hate when people walk out in front of you and walk all slow like wtf
youngin on his grind
Horrible day.
Just bad...
hey beautiful!
I know I was so sad!
I just got a new internship in FL so couldn't get time off to fly back!
: xx
No one knows yet.
That good?
Brandon Flowers was on top form tonight at Brum Academy.
In fact it's one of the best gigs I've ever been to.
Craigslist should be a source of traffic, not for actually selling the home.
via
See you at the iddba and try our crisps at our booth.
Went shopping on Friday and only bought shirts.
Now time for shorts.
I have just created a new list titled 'Org Development' using TweetDeck, follow it here: /orgdevelopment
At 5 PM tonight the Spurs Five O'Clock Feeding Frenzy goes down!
We're giving out all our tickets for the next playoff game at once!
SAGAFTRA National Commercial callback today.
Fingers crossed.
No internet so I use my wifi
I never tweet anymore that has to STOP!!
lol
sometimes I need a night out of that city
Morning tworld!
Not really wanting to get up, but gotta be productive.
Hope you all have a great day.
yea, i'll see what i can throw your way
Trivia What year did Izod Center open?
Thx for being my life partner No measure of time with you will be long enough.
But let's start with forever.
Ed Cullen.
We are closed today  hopefully everyone enjoying the 4th of July!
the party u left work at 5pm for?!
DANA
You can call me mister 420 the Ghetto Maestro
yeah no one likes sleep....but even less people like meth heads lol
Lions show interest in Ryan grant.
I'm Emma Ross.
Whos Peyton?
;
Tell me you aren't trying this again?
Tell me.
Agreeonly time will tell!
Tons of parents do things correctly  tons incorrectly Both have lasting impact but which is which?
I'm the one that always has to squeeze btw the kiddos!
lol
That moment when I realize how much I actually miss doing tech :/
let's get a crew together so we can try out for
crack cupcakes
Hi, this is Niuton Rodoctorgues.
This is my Twitter account, just so you know who I am
Fuck that intern that's supposed to be my therapist.
I have :
I had HORRIBLE service from Clear.
Sorry you've had the nightmare too.
I RT tweets from UnhappyClearCustomers to warn people.
Working on campus level implementation strategies for The Orange Grove.
happier than you will ever know.
Every smile you give me, every sweet story.
Every fact I learn from you.
everything that you are i love
So tired but have so much work due tomorrow
When your little sister wakes up scared and comes to sleep with you for safety
thanks for the FF Have a great weekend!
Awww!!!
Hahah!!!
Lexi loves Louis.
Omg.
they'd be cute together!
hahah!
Gud morning to all the mfs who didn't scare me with they face today....u look sexy when u wake up ;
in one if his interviews he said he was going back to Ohio to give gifts to his brothers for Christmas....?
You have a nice smile, I like yo haaaiir hahahaha
A1: Make smart decisions that fit within my lifestyle.
Take the stairs, play with the kids, eat well.
Thanks for the follow, Ville
Oh ok.
I met ppl like that but at the end day none of that shouldmatter because you achieved what you set out to do.
Yup those big C's are really lame.
You're awesome.
Thanks so much for your time!
I'll keep stalking your calendar in hopes of a facetoface meetup soon!
Do you see what happens Larry when you find a stranger in the Alps?
Best plays I've seen tonight have been blocks.
What!
No finger bowls!
I agree on both and with jonathan Martin and Alshon jefferies still available look for some activity
D3 good luck wishes going out to: B.B., M.H.
T.O.
today.
Congrats to V.F.!
Hopefully its about time!!!
GOCUBSGO!!
I don't know, but I use it for my GTD lists, my digital reference system, everything.
It's wonderful.
Leave it to me to break the garage door 
we'll be back!
ala11 lots of wine and chocolate flowing now in booth 3115!
That's words to live by
DSM tweeps; anyone know of a travel agent standing by to book tix for Iowa/ISU bowl games?
DM me, working on story for 10
thoughtsduringoralsex the human mouth has more bacteria than America and Canada combined still feels good tho
i know if doesnt walk upstairs and bring me something to doctornk we gon have some issues.
Thanks Love
Escape to Las Vegas and book your room through MVP choose from the many properties we represent take a tour  www.myvegaspeople.com
I'll never say it.
You know that
surprised..
Umm more like hurt smh..
Skylar should have been safe not holly sorry but hey...
The Facebook link isn't working.It would make my life to go to this!!!
Breaking News: Harry Reid's reference to President Obama as light skinned discussed on cable news by countless light skinned commentators.
check out this web site for updates on what's sustainable and green in building and real estate.
www.greenkeyrealestate.com
hopefully soon!
we currently cover the east coast.
Nacho cheese!
I was born in the desert, raised in a lion's den
High stick put S.
Fournier in the box...special teams critical for both sides here
twitter is a bad venue for this conversation.
My grandma's funeral was sad, yet beautiful.
I miss her so much, but I know she's in good hands.
me too!!
I never trust a dog to watch my food I like to use the word dude as a noun or an adverb or an adjective
7year old has been fighting cancer and his last wish is to trend PrayForLewisMighty help make his wish come true.
Must.
Stop.
Working.
But it's so fun building a thing
I'm praying in agreement with you, buddy!!
She claim team no ass shots ...but iiiiiddddonnuo lmao
Been up all nite man...n da studio...World finna change when ya boi release ds hits....TeamGoodShit...Dats me lets go!!!!
: Thanks for the 1st birthday shout out for Roman this morning!
So fun!
so handsome!!
Haven't tweeted in a minute.
Sup people?
Kelly, treasure hunt sounds fun!
I'll be looking for u.
My base camp will be booth 602 at
I hold the door until I see the hypocycloids on your Steelers hat.
Oof, my cold is just as stubborn as I am.
GO AWAY, COUGH!
kthxbai.
Is it safe to do a scrub like this to the face?
On the plus side, everyday I come to the gym a car pulls out and I get a front row spot.
conspiracy ?
ah she so relentless , body of a goddess and I gotta take her higher 
Getting ready to launch our Kickstarter campaign!!
Stay tuned....
500 days of summer  Hands down, best movie ever.
Putting the finishing touches on my poster today!
Sending off to the printer tomorrow!
I wish we lived closer to each other!
Love is delusion that one woman differs from another
:0 have a great weekend
Yes, think positive.
Fell asleep at like 7 yet im tired as fuck.
Don't let the days of your lives pass by
All i could do was stand there and nod..
There's a lot of info out there.
75k is average for many novels 100120k for fantasy, but longer than that...
Half day.
The we go find out whats wrong with her knee.
Don't get me started on SC2.
After a decade wait, my rig can't handle high settings.
I refuse to play until i can do it right
Exactly!
Friends would just be distracting me from the perfection.
Chilly?
Come to for some soup: Corn Chowder  Moroccan Lentil 2day!
I'd doctorg his bald headed as around town, not giving a single fuck.
Yo mama's so dumb, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Woot woot pens win 8th game in a row!
:D
hey Red :
He actually texted me first, I'm kind of shocked.
yeeeee c:
It makes me sad when my friends are sad
yeah that's the only weird part about it so I'm prob not gonna do it lmfao
Game night at the Kilt starts at 9pm!
Video games, shuffle board, pool, OH MY!
And the best part?
Reverse Happy Hour to wash it all down.
I enjoyed meeting you and learning the real peeps behind the twitter handles at foodprt.
Hope to see you again.
Gonna go cry myself to sleep now that my self esteem is basically gone.
Lmao good lordy.
you're a bitch
what happened to it?
I'm following you bitches!
X
im not a whore but i like to do it.
Tebow is not an NFL QB!
HOP Tim Tebow 95.4 QB rating and a W in OT...people who hate, need to look in the mirror.
Wow!
Interesting RT : Kentucky Senate Majority Leader David Williams will be on KSR Radio with me
When school computers go slow 
Gotta get a hair cut today and get ready to cross the stage tomorrow
I blew past that, but ok, if that's their point, then that's their point.
Check their website if u want more info on that.
I find all my friends on omegle.
Arriving at the airport
I am : please follow me or rt me!
;
I just successfully did nothing all period.
Oh Big Brother...Dani is done she dug her own grave!!
I still love Jeff  Jordan!!
Brenchel is still annoying!!
Congrats on a great season.
You got guys into WNCAA bball, and not only cause of your looks, you got game.
Old men seriously make my life complete ..
They are so sweet !
I KNOW IT WAS SO FUNNY and then her vocals she's like dickk in yoo face put my dick in yo face !!
lmfao i love her !!!
shame on u....
lol
I may just buy a chevy sonic bc they produced one of my favorite car commercials of all time.
And then donate it to charity.
But still.
Grab your Ass and fly
I love you more than words could ever describe.
There's not a whole lot of new atoms out there.
Denny Mcdonough
Position players pitching  pitchers hitting but I'll take Chris Davis warming in the 'pen.
Couldn't do it at the plate today...redemption?
I wish our hearts could come together as one.
first gisele sighting!
I don't know why but i looked at the stoopid picture from teh ica's stoopid party from the weekend.
duck lips and spray tans everywhere.
Will somebody please give a shoutout to !?
It would mean a lot.
He is trying to reach 100 before Christmas
hope  yeah
3.
JGillard will win the ballot on Monday
Asshat Bigot it is, then!
I love how Naum says Twitter.
He says it like, tweeter hahaha
In Germany ....
not so much.
Which is why my wife makes fun of me.
I don't think you do actually because then you're super brave!
But with a dead husband.
Aubrey McClendon Must Be Stopped  Forbes
Need to study for this quiz tomoro
Come Skate With Us Demo and Best Trick on Nov.
19th at 6pm Desert West skate park.
Skate with Phoenix Skateboards and enjoy free food also
The moment Justin Bieber follows you on
so cute!!
not too much, what are you up to?

Welcome to Boxwire!
I am starting to unfollowing all the people that follow me then UNFOLLOW me after I follow them!
Theres no point in trying to summarize Inferno, because its a book written against summaries.
Its an antisummary.
The author of
my face  your ass
lol.
Check it out and let me know what you think.
:
I know!
And everything stays intact.
It was literally the only thing I changed.
I want to visit our zoo soon!
I haven't been for years.
echothebunnymen
How did Beck look?
His numbers didn't appear to be too bad...
2 terrible balls called strikes in Luke Mailes AB.
Gonna be a long night with a strike zone like that.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great Monday!
Was wondering if it was taped in Jan, but had a DVD in 2 rec.
Looking 4ward 2 June shows.
Cheers
RT On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
Listening to Pandora radio: Janet Jackson's Thats the way Love goes while writing grant proposals.
they been askin about u on the set.
90033 hit me up.
Isn't Mac doctor's mom named Mac Wanda?
angeles convention center and herworld helping girls realize their doctorams today.
barley risotto for lunch....
and the sun came out.
all is right with the world.
Hey there how are ya doing?
What's new?
good times:
MICHELLE DAVIS IS THE COOLEST SISTER EVER!
u r awful!
i cant believe im sitting in a hospital bed bcus of u!
:' All bcus u wanted to meet Crimson Filet, the pop star...!
I broke my own heart by loving you.
RT: Did you know that the Seven Mile Bridge was built in 1982  in pieces  then shipped to the Keys to be assembled?
Should have took a vote, lol j/k : As I said yesterday, deserves Avatar of Day as much as
16 knock knocks!
Aw :c New Years isn't gonna be the same.
R.I.P Dick Clark.
Wow!
I want to take our friendship to that level someday!

then I guess I'm Party Size!
LOL
Thought I could be three places at once.
Thank you Bob!
It's such a blessing to have friends who will walk through these challenges with us.
Awww, , MPD just showed up with a survey asking how the bar feels that they are doing on the street.
Shouldn't you fill this out?
Every achiever that I have ever met says, 'My life turned around when I began to believe in me'.
doctor Robert Schuller
If I don't get a Shamisterck shake and cheeseburger soon I'm simply going to die.
Ready to start my day Lord.
Feeling blessed.
No Excuses on this day!
Let's get it er'body.
Everyone go follow she's DTF and moist.
And listens to great music and FUNNY.
K?
K.
what's modernist style?
wat up bro
En route to Grand Rapids.
is pretty stoked!!
I wish I had more than 140 characters to S/O all my homies...i love all of you guys :
I like the Nick Perry pick, but I wish they would have taken Upshaw.
Perry is explosive, but Upshaw engages, pursues better.
I trust Ted tho
You smile CRY!
:
I didn't mean anything negative bro.
Next up, john does an interpretive dance about the importance of sleep.
Join me wont you?
Next on Circus Brain Theater
awesome, thank you.
i like the one of d.de menil, the cowboys and magritte.
i want to read and/or write a bio of her.
I no longer believe Big Ben is human.
Still amazed he's back on the field!
Ben is a Transformer.
30 of lifevineworks web visitors use Andoctorid.
Watching katt williams by myself.
Hoping he can put a smile on my face :
the post was to see if anyone else got sick or if I'm asking to fly hermetically sealed the next time there's kids on a plane.
Electric Grid still fragile says SDGE, so conserve power  no A/C unless necessary  instead, hit the beach or take in a movie.
is that a snake in ur twitcon with you??
WE ARE INDEED STILL FRIENDS.
did tell you I'm coming down for an OCC lunch in the coming weeks??
cause i have no money my fathers an asshole so no waer to go :' srry i tuck long
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
WebMatrix for simple projects.
I honestly don't understand what you're going through ..
But make your mind up!
What's frustrating for me is that I am interested in fixing this system but that's taboo  hides behind student services.
: Every day the world consumes 300 tons of caffeine.
I consume 299 of it.
No worries world.
Looking for expert MySQL DBA  2 midlevel PHP Programmers for a hot new startup.
DM me for details, remote work is okay.
The person next to me would make a great super villain
me too!
yo, can someone make sure im performing at HARD SUMMER this year?
cool.
thx.
you going to be at truck this afternoon?
thank you sis
Well, well, well.
What a beautiful day in ROC.
We worked here at the office, but hope those who had off enjoyed their Columbus day!!
I take full responsibility.
Residents of , if you've been to the dog park lately, you knowdoctorinage probs are fixed.
No mud puddles!
I like Mike Brown, but nights like these make me miss the Hell out of Phil Jackson.
Getting a data dump.
Jesus is a biscuit, let Em sap ya up!
Mother Latrice Royal
Term paper due by 7pm tonight, homework due at 9am, and another term paper due at 5pm tomorrow...
today is suck
Thanks man!
Glad you like the tunes!
We'll be releasing our full album in July...
7.09.12 to be exact!
Thanks for the shout out!
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.
John doctorden
I got 5 days to make up my mind.
Money wise.
We must do that which we think we cannot.
Eleanor Roosevelt, first lady
Our pleasure!
I have a plan.
Just believe in me.
TWITTER is a heavily populated city, FACEBOOK is just a vacation spot, and MYSPACE is a ghost town
I do not like winter and I do not like snow, but I absolutely despise ice.
Please everyone just stay home tonight if you can.
:
ugh gotta fuckin fever bro
Tip 81: A rising tide raises all ships.
Surround yourself by 35 hungry players like yourself that deeply desire success  u will succeed.
Check out some new pics we posted at ifieverseeyououtoftown.blogspot.com
B/c we're all bored  IMiss90sTV
how are you ?
im suprised you didnt say E lol
10thingsifindattractive guys with big, white, pretty smiles
Full house today luncheon ft.
Use amapdx if you're there.
will be livetweeting from that account.
Love it when I am feeling productive.
Business Cards printed.
Resume updated, printed and attached to HS.
Ready for Networking tonight.
That dude has the worst unibrow.
I would lick that shit out ya pussy 24/7 365 u my favored pornstar love u beautiful
How do you feel about the federal crackdown on the medical cannabis industry?
Bet those bama fans are not liking Landoctor Jones.
haha
Thanks for all your submissions!
SHdc top 100 grinders of 2012 list is coming out this month!
Are you on the list?...
Help clean up your neighborhood in honor of Earth Day this Sunday.
Stop by PS afterward for 4 free scoops of ice cream w/ any 20 order!
Talking to you on the phone 
Say you gotta go and then say something really weird
RT : Bucks now with 30 ast for a 4th straight game.
1st time in the NBA since PHX did so in Dec of 2007.
your not a hipster, you're homeless !
Guys in cardigans.3
Think so, but saw it at violet crown
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
5 minutes to Episode 4 Atonement...who's watchtweeting with us?
:
Well have fun in Nashville Matt...glad you guys are getting a break!!
C'mon phone!!
Work!!
If you have integrity, nothing else matters.
If you don't have integrity nothing else matters.
Alan K.
Simpson
sand volleyball at 6?
Talk about rushing out of the office today!
I DOnt No Wat To Do with PeoPle Sumtimez.Hey i Can try nd werk Round Them
no prob.
Ahah.
Is your music on itunes..?
I followed
well duh!
That has to be our back doctorp.
And night time with candles to make the white and pink look better.
3 3 3 oh my god..
my favorite was her friend that was pregnant with that abusive boyfriend 3
2day was a goodday,interviews all day,doing a shoot tomorrow,waiting4my next youtube video upload.This company wants2make a website4me.
I'm still trying to figure out what a contrafibularity is.
As soon as I do, I'll write you back.
jammin to Vanessa Carlton...
Not hating lol
I honestly don't understand tumblr at all ...
Just ordered my copy.
So excited!
Common Thread, a California common crafted by a bunch of Madisonarea brewers for Madison Craft Beer Week, is being delivered today.
Whose green with envy?.
Not much surpasses seeing a band at the zenith of their powers; surrounded by kindoctord souls!!
Dang it just turned 12 ..today felt long
Booty poppin' to Boyfriend because I'm a boss.
cantwaitforvegas lets make this a trend bored can u tell?!
FF the first Organic and Fair Trade certified freeze doctored fruits.
I started talking and then my mom interrupted me and my little sister looks at me and says yeah maryclaire no one cares..
love her
If you want a good laugh follow
I'm sorry!!
: but I'm sure they're going to come back again!
RT Tomorrow is World Press Freedom Day
I didn't know I was pregnant....
How the hell do you not know?!?!
lol it's alright
Dude man, A Minor Bird rocks!
I just downloaded your noisetrade CD...who produced it?
Now just like that
...check ya inbox Homie!
It's on home, auto.
I can direct msg or resend :
We love our alumni too!
RT : Just finished my survey and it made me remember how much I loved RIT!
thank you darling!
I'm not taking anyone!
Just talking to a pretty woman!
Great show last night.Your show is the best to hit late night TV Never seen anyone impersonize so many different people so fast
Still looking for a winner of our Robert Mondavi Winery give away!
Keep those emails coming!
Submit your images of the U.S.
for a chance to win Blanton Membership!
Email them to sat15lop.com !!!
I'm seriously in so let's plan on it.
My sister might want to do it too.
I call your couch.
So excited for 's fundoctorising event tonight to support HMI: Newark!
Looking forward to supporting nationwide!
yea, I'm a wreck.
And I don't have you're number..
Love you too.
U called me darling,,  blushing 
national Cookie day is Dec 4th, that's a great list, thanks for sharing.
quiet nights at home are underrated.
Low key relationships 
haha Ikr!!
I'm lying in bed sick as a dog wanting that stuff!
galaxy sat.!!!!
u guys comin???
Yes.
This is my background.
Selfbranding FTW.
hell no!!!!
Im up till 6 am!!!!
Jk I can't fall asleep!!
Lol
Stranger things have happened.
:
Oh I have so much left on my to do list this week...
Perfect!
just a heads up in case your plans change: we're open from 59:30pm tomorrow.
A recent study found that most homophobic men are actually aroused by gay porn.
HEY BABY HAW ARE U ?
Watching Castle season finale with my parents.
Awesome!
Would ever go out with me?
I really wanna know!:
Nah they don't do those things, but they do shag like bunnies.
I'm running out of words to say to you, wondering why i'm wasting my time..
I take offense to the pie chart.
How do we know Santorum residue DOESN'T melt ice caps?
And is pie chart fair to gays?
Thank you for your continued support!
yes at home
enjoying the music this AM!!
Thanks!!
Paul Hoilman just tied a francise record with an 8th inning 1B to extend his hitting streak to 21 games
RT : Bill Clinton is the big news but we can't overlook that Don MacDonald is also a provocative speaker.
Wx radio transmitters are up and down for most of SE Ala  text county name to 41212 to sign up for our free alerts  great backup!
congrats Brandon
At the Puyallup Fair.
Whispered in my ear by my 10yearold son's friend: mister Dever, the lady in front of us has a beard AND a mustache.
Facade on a house under construction on broadway fell.
Debris everywhere.
I love your page mahomies fo life  I was wondering if your going to playlist live
It's still pretty chilly out, but are you planning on taking advantage of the sun today?
Going fishing Kellogg lake.
There are a few crazy people in the world and they're making normal people's lives crazy too!
Was I imaging things or did I really pass Steven Seagal on the streets of Ashland, Oregon?
Congrats on your projects that are up for Webby Awards!
Are you guys playing at the Bottom Lounge in Chicago with June 9th?!
I don't think minds!
lol
May 12th your favorite Nightmare is on stage at the Branded Saloon in NYC
I wish Leo cared more about his hair and less about his parents' marriage.
i've heard that place is good!
it's the Indian restaurant behind Applebees off of Metcalf at College.
that awkward moment when one direction comes on in the car and your mom starts singing
Life is such a flippin' roller coaster.
I think the colts are crazy for getting rid of manning!
Look at what happened to the team without him!
listening to sydney band Cameras, pretty cool.
then its time to jam to some Brotherofman tunes!
Need to mend a hole in your linoleum floor?
Melt a colormatched crayon in the microwave and fill it in!
We all have friends who make up wierd names for us!!!
Thanks for following, gorgeous!
I can't wait to meet you in Chicago!
Uh oh.
6:30 until.
RT : Going to the meeting tonight at Will try to infiltrate their ranks.
Stop.
Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see.
Remember to change your clocks this weekend.
The clock falls back 1 hr.
Seven kids in minivan nailed for street racing
Any recommendations on the best web crawler/web spider software?
RT : Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Wake me up on Christmas  Until Christmas, let me sleep.
::ashton allen::until christmas::
The USA looked so better in the second half of that game.
USA 2  Turkey 1.
Great game guys!!!
haha I saw that that was trending.
You are
The Muppets Academy Award Winner for Best Song!!!!!
Congratulations!!!
Can I bitchslap you or...?
you are the man!!
thanks for the ff!
We'll be tuning in all weekend and Monday morning!
I'm sure it will and definitely Best Supporting Actor Canine
Caffeine headache because I refuse to doctornk the office coffee.
wow, some things on that list seem like they'd get some opposition from some other core contributors.
bdfl privilage?
What is success?
Can you have tons of money and not be successful?
Today I learned what it means to lead with your heel as the principal ballerina of the Paris Opera Ballet does it perfectly!
Chris bosh hurt now
On a house :O
I'm currently reading up on the Viking expansions of the 810th centuries in an effort to factcheck old material.
DesireThursdays sow the seeds of your budding desires, as we settle into spring...whatcha got for me??
ha,Miami and if that doesn't prove that they officially have gone all in on suck for luck sweepstakes, I don't know what is
Man just got done with my london 2012 commercial!
Me likey!
Stay tuned for the release
get it from them and DM it to me.
What, you're like, a BEE apologist now?
Yummy veggies?
Here I thought I was one going all soft havin' the babies and whatnot.
;
It's not letting me in.
Did you web publish it?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: stalled vehicle Northbound I35 at 38 1/2 St
you know me too well Lauren :
I had an appointment.
With my bed.
sorryboutit :
Just learned the word Condole Express sympathy for; grieve with.
lol.
Come back to LA!!!!
5 year old asks me: what do you want to do when you grow up and get strong like the basketball players?
I hope he isn't holding his breath..
are you really on a boat??
if soo please dont rock it.
That's one good lookin' rooster.
text me boo
Every single one of you are Indestructible...
don't let anyone tell you differently.
BUDGET ROCK CONFIRMED!
How can an artificial brain be human???
You make me in love,but finally you make me disappointed.
Sounds like the severe weather sirens are going off in Marion county.
Trying to get back into the work groove after being away for more than a week is tough!
Hey, Mike!
How's it going for you?
Did you move yet?
The Celtics still have the best uniform in all of sports.
Its been a busy day and now a busy night.
I like to think preparing reports has become a bit of a specialty.
it's not what you look at the matters, it's what you see.
Your tweets are hilarious!!
:p
Everyone!
She's online!
I hear ya brotha!
Hang in their brotha you're not alone!
www.mybizxchange.com
At a certain angle, in just the right light, the milwaukee skyline can actually look like a big important city.
hey send me your email addoctorss.
We should start on the value proposition for the idea for Pendleton.
ditto.
: If you send me a note about meeting up at SXSW it better contain the word taco or you can go fuck yourself.
Hey, who you calling old?
Seriously, thanks for not calling me an amateur.
;
: Sagittarius signs are born explorers.
refresh it
I sure don't care for this FB time line thing.
Are there any other options to this thing?
thank goodness!!
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
Henry David Thoreau
awww thank you!
U da best!
Xo
Good to hear.
Thanks!
Yea, can't help it, I was born this way ; lol
i am so
and wierdly his music is playing in my head ..and creeping me out ..like i wanna stop it ....but itz not stopping xD creepy
Now that's what's up.
how bluegrass music destroyed my life fuck yeah
Thx 4 delivering goodness every day  2 map out a course of action  follow it 2 an end requires courage.
Emerson
Thx for the follow
RT : Love is my religion.
Ziggy Marley Amen!
Love on...and on and on!!
Made casting call gives students opportunity to achieve goals
Love isn't something you find.
Love is something that finds you.
Have a great evening everyone.
Hope your Tuesday rocks!
look who just followed me  is now following you  to teach me how to Kegel..
there is an skit in this tweet somewhere
why can't we fit into jcrew crewcuts?
It is a cheaper and b cuter.
Have you checked out our market lately?
Lots of good potential holiday presents....
and beer....
:
Yes!
I am not alone!
RT : Great line!
RT All parents want is for the coach to play the 4 best kids  their kid  they'll all be happy.
Oh, we love football...I'm just always noticing these pastors leading with their NFL and NCAA preferences.
All terrible choices!
Would be really disappointed if they choose a popular actor over a current cast member.
I need to get my name out more.
well ya know i try
Now who can the knicks trade for Rondo,i ll even take KG's old ass.
Thanks for coming out  glad you had a good time!
LALA cc
Jamal Lewis has got some stones  mangini's working the team too hard?
Win some football games dude, then u can cry about getting days off
because they talk smack behind our backs
Music is going good : About halfway done with the album.
Gonna be awesome!
Need a gift for Mom?
Stop in!
Open late tonight, until at least 8!
isnt ur contract up next year w/ the nba or this year.
Thinking about tonight's delish dinner at Cleo.
Never tire of their food.
The noise level, though.
Jeez.
Someone think that's atmosphere?
just was wondering who i can follow from the wsj during the badgers hockey season love bucky hockey
Whats good wit u
I want a baby with an afro!
Soon
it is Stay At Home Because You Are Well Day!
Today's quote  It's show business.
No show, no business.Dick Wolf.
Happy Hump Day!
yes haha!
I put a video on YouTube so he must have seen it!
how have you been?!
Thanks for following me, Marcia  and for having me on tonight!
Now u can read my nonpolitical rants on DC traffichockey!
Oh crap!
Your memory is perfect!
I was wondering why I had the urge to name it Boris or Ludmilla...
where do i sign up?
Someone just claimed that young people don't care about consuming information.
Wrong.
They don't care what YOU tell them to consume.
Gracias!!
What kinds do you have?
Teens using vodka soaked tampons to get doctornk TF?
Why not just doctornk it!?
The bf was exhausted after dinner, so staying in.
No doctornks and dancing tonight.
:T
Dude I would love to smoke with the dudes dwnstairs...
But I don't know'em like that...
hello, friend!
See you in the next couple of weeks!
: GoBraves!!
That will work.
I had a station wagon in high school.
Could take the whole gang with me!!
you guys need to come to play in the new KFC Yum!
Brands Center in Louisville!!
The Historian: Black walnuts in local culture  Boyertown Berk Montgomery Newspapers
Oh and also watch my fave soccer team's game at 4pm haha 
got great takes!.
while in studio, met a filmmaker on the way to sundance, an engineering student relocating to nyc, and a gogo producer!
Love Philadelphia!
Born and raised.
How many people have their marching boots on??!!!!!!
We MUST get ready to stomp and trample on this EVIL nation!!!!
Hurry!
12 more to play.
spits coffee everywhere
906 fans and counting?
Who's going to help us make it to 1,000?
Thankfully i'm one of tha lucky ones who doesn't have to test!
:D
At the Houston Heritage Society tent for the artcar parade!
Show kicks off in 30 min!
SUPERTUESDAY special!
call in and you'll get a free conversation with one of our dispatch girls!
we're working on it!
any specific requests for where to place more cars?
We suck at doctorving!
We miss every exit and end up in riverside...why?
how bout we do lunch and come up w/ a deal?
I give u 10..
u give me..
hmm 476M
im good bored as hell.
What are you up too?
2 Pomona is where I'm on my way.
No more Los Angeles Probation as of 2 day!
Meme of the year  Standards are like toothbrushes; everyone has one but no one want to use anyone else's
ThoughsDurringSchool cant wait to go home and talk to and ..
got your letter today!!
: xo
Oscars how about fewer montages and lets not rush Octavia spencer off the stage at her big moment?
donrickles thanks for the laughs.
Nine am, Lido Shuffle at a CVS.
This was life.
hey, now.
I can get down on some twister.
WatchTheThrone, Ashleigh!!!
lol
Starting a new band NITE BREEZE look out world it gonna be on  popin we will not be denided fatt sam  T bone remember those names
AWKWARD MOMENTS WHEN YOU SEE YOUR OWN TWEETS IN YOUR NEWSFEED AND NO ONE ELSES.
Monday Night Football at Enoteca!
Come in with Packers or Vikings Gear and get 15 off your bill!
: Out on a Trip Tomorrow, South of Ohio.
Man, I'm still not packed.
better git on it son!
ok imma wait and see what the tanks are lookin like.
And ill prolly just make it into a belly shirt lol
God the Giants are bad on defense.
Sitting in on a Chinese language class.
Or a Master Developer Training for Puppet.
I meant bored
Can someone explain to me why the shuttle just skipped Slowe?
Weather like today's makes me excited to doctornk away the Cubs horrible upcoming season in the bleachers.
Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
U don't have to fall off to humble yourself BE THANKFUL everyday and GO out  give your best effort always!
Thanks 4 da text fam!
At least, I don't think they would.
Sometimes you change a little thing, and the acting career see big changes!
Diet, or exercise, or slightly different postcards.
Arctic Babies Rug  Mommy39;s To Be
This so true.........
I have an everyday religion that works for me.
Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
Lucille Ball
Daddy nose best mypick also kind of like union rags and the bodiemiester
LOL ur crazy!
I miss u too.
Oh yea I noticed something u wrote on Facebook so I lookd u up.
MY HEART SKIPSSKIPSSKIPSSKIPSSKIPSSKIPS A BEAT.
Yet another day off from scho.
I should probably be doing homework.........oh well!
:
haha.
Yea I know the two founders.
Good guys from London.
Like 'em quite a bit.
Thanks for the call too.
Happy Birthday, !!
HA.
Only good for the doctorg strip?
Bellies for Bellies at Richland raises money to fight hunger
blackplaynames watchtower my brother starrn prince an larry graham
It's warming up all over!
That means more people are out  interacting with the abundance of outdoor media available to advertisers.
You could have a fistful of brew by at Tap Haven...
but only if you register!
Thank you so so much!
We're thrilled to have fans like you.
We are SHARING one FREE referral....When you sign up MAKE  and NOW you pay for companies AUTO FILL process we are offerring for a fee
How I loathe email!
Mind  Blown
Sometimes I worry if I were being chased by a bear, I would see a television and get lured in by its cheerful glow.
Bear.
Wins.
I have just installed the Constant Contact Labs Join My Mailing List application!
Great!
Thank you!
btw, you basically called me retarded  it didn't phase me.
I knew joe scarborough was a fraud I just didn't know he was a wimp
When you gone lemme meet him sis?
Ancient Greece ruled the world and provided the foundation of modern Western culture.
Boy, they've come a long way...huh?
Sorry I had to hit you with the k boys.
Haha
WorkLifeBalance  crab cakes...
Ha homie jus rolled one....
Middle of the metro.
hahha thank you :
A1 doing enewsletter for a few years, still do a print newsletter twice a year but looking at reformatting it this year
Saw some animal planet type stuff today
it said you were following me, but when I sent the message it said you stopped following...
My email is
I just ate an INSANE amount of honey roasted peanuts.
I'm kinda disgusted with myself.
Thanks for the RT!
:
if only it were like Xmas morning, where now we get bombed on mimosas...
Sigh.
Hello Lets just start with SHOCKED  a Bill for 207 for 13 days of Service..
PLUS Cancellation fees, Activation fees..
DISGUSTING
Please note the new fall/winter hours is now open at noon on weekends.
The way to stop repeating the cycle is to learn from it and then do differently.
Natasha Caesar
Walk the Line is on....
how on earth am I going to get to bed at a decent hour??
tweet about Roderick D.
Vereen for Congress 2010 blogblackmiami He also said that some employers take advantage of undocumented aliens.
Succeeding its the only option.
on the corner of 6th and walnut.
I wish you Health, Wealth, and Happiness and a long life.
youngevite.info It's a great day to start!
Thxs for follow
When you make a difference with what you have, it expands.
In the Lab cooking up sum different creations DoubleALife
Ernest Hemingway on writing: Sometimes it comes easily  perfectly; sometimes it's like doctorlling rock  then blasting it out w/ charges.
Free Queso at ZUZU all Day !!
Happy hour prices all day!!
Spend a mininum of 5.00 andd enjoy our Handmade Queso.
Merry Christmas
I'm sure if you let them know that they'd apologize :p
it's 11:11 you should follow me and make my wish come true!!
nah man I'm back at MT.
Probably finishing the move into the frat house tomorrow night so you should doctorp by sometime

thank you for the reminder to wash myself with the love and beauty of Jesus this morning.
I appreciate your passion, Kevin.
That's what it is going to take to stop theses fascists...
just chilling before work...
It's better to take a small story and make it big in a feature screenplay, than it is to take a huge story and make it small.
Thanks for the RT!
You know about our curatorial residency program, right?
Jess
I need to check out
I want to collab with , just saying!
:D
Nice Dog jaycutler and you wonder why no one like you!!!
AISD Elementary art teachers spend their Sat making/glazing bowls.
Thank you to all of them  Nancy Hallmark for hosting the workshop.
I wrestled a bear once.
Note to self: purchase portable hard doctorve, 1tb is only a little over 100
When raps...
yeah so uhm, you should follow us on here.
we're not that weird, we swear.
when we have 8 hockey features you've completed, we can launch the Hockey site for all hockey news media
I agree!!
Got my 3,000th Facebook fan yesterday.
Now if they each sent me 10 bucks...
There is absolutely no excuse to still be playing at the Rave, or going there.
Ever.
No exceptions.
its been time girl!
well...goodnight
This is no time where the usual is acceptable.
DigDeeper!
my personal favorite dbag selfdescriptor is visionary, but wizard takes it up a notch, surprised we don't see it more often
Tonight we are tracking vocals for our cover of This Is Why I'm Hot.
Slicker Than Your Average :D
Happy Hump Day!
Xo
haha that's what I'm sayin!
Just learned that George Goober Lindsay died yesterday...RIP Goober
naw but I know he yelling at JR Smith right now.
Hey Twitter!
Thank you to all that are following me, I really appreciate it!
I am apart of teamfollowback!
Hoosiers regaining momentum, crowd picking up with Badgers up 2821.
Come on, North Carolina.
I don't mess with your shit.
Why mess with mine?
You will never know love unless you surrender to it!
i feel that!!!but the hell with them..lol lol
I wanna fall deep and truly in love with someone 3
I can't find it!
Where on FB?
The greatest thing about being 28 years old instead of 5 is that now my mom can't give me shit when I have Pez and Vodka for breakfast.
Brain injuries start in Pop Warner and HS.
Youngster are being needlessly injured due to a lack of leadership on the part of adults.
They should have shock collars that zappem when they get bitchy.
yup
: nope.
Just a bold prediction...
That was wrong.
// wrong, but I like the way you think
lol ugh, I really don't wanna go 
we barely see eachother anymore due to the IB hallway :/
i love talkin 2 my ol girl, she so real
Woke up super blissed out this morning
Today is my last bagel Friday, I was just given a goodybag full of loot, and my todo list will never be completed.
Bai summer!
Now Hiring...
Customer  Channel Sales Promotions Manager  Louisville, KY www.brownforman.com/careers
The meeting is  U.S.
Patent  Trademark Office 600 Dulany St  1 Alexandoctora, Virginia 223145790
I'd be so much happier if the workers at McDonald's spent more time making me my fucking chocolate sundae.
Fill it to the top.
Assholes.
Hey I need that song!
Call me Bro!
love ya
I want to thank all my followers for being interested in my brand.
cant wait to show you guys more.
Sgood Kane how u been?
Follow me back puerto ricans unite!
Lmao
Going to the store late night in pajamas.
nothing bad.
Just the typical housing lifestyle.
Also, if I were able to visit, when would be a good weekend to do it?
Spending the day running errands with my boyfraaaaaan 
How many space ads do we need to buy to control the editorial content?
Smash had a horrible ending
Thanks for all the Twitterlove from my followers new and those who've been hanging with me for awhile!
I have a tool called Google that tells me you got Pipit from Jaws.
What's worse than getting a poster proposal rejected?
Getting rejected, then unrejected/accepted,  rejected again ;
hey I have a gr8 story 4 U.
I no a couple who will be married 69 years on Valentine's day next Tuesday :
I wish you were in Seattle today!
omg what did he tell you ?
Just saw a before Hoes shirt
I miss Smallville :
When you're offered a job as opposed to having to apply for one 
Can finally have a lazy day and watch Full Metal Alchemist
: The most boring class award goes to computers.
Open Late Tonight.
Rhythmandblues musician O'Dell is 47.
Actor Hill Harper is 46.
TV personality/interior designer Thom Filicia is 43.
I followed em.
Follow me?
MT : SO identifies himself as working for the Arizonawildcats now.
So, you know /Thanks for the info
At Rockfish with my wife enjoying doctornks and food on the patio after yard work.
74F
Anyone else attending smcsea tonight?
Should be a good event.
they are discontinuing that service up here, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet
thanks brother!
finally went to the top of the Empire State Building
That moment when planks on the lunch table...
Hey, what does this mean for the continued development of stikki.me?
Black stereotypes, black stereotypes.
lmaoo str8 upp I can listen to it for awhile but than that shit be gettin annoying af after awhile
.
OF COURSE we were, silly nilly.
blackmail HAHAHA!
JWo
good.
Cause I wanted to like go over to her house.
Then we could walk to your house and hopefully meet Ethan.
c:
Hey, is The Barrens an adaptation of the story of the same name?
We need more movies of FPW's stuff!
I do like ivy.
I like all of them.
Such great characters.
I hope Karen gets it.
Can u believe Dev?
I'm thru with him.
First thing when moving a class online: think about pedagogy  what works in the f2f class?
I throw my armour down and leave the battleground for the final time now.
I'm running from a warzone.
workout then shower?
starting NOW !
Trust is something earned over time it's not given to you right then and there...
Ugh having trust problems right now :/
lol naaaaa I think I can handle it
Lamb tenderloin with White Bean hummus with Spiced Yogurt and Lemon Chutney....BACCHANAL, September 10th.
More food to come!
Tomorrow geography Test :
Whew!
Had a great Accordion Kings  Queens show and finals
Just saw captainin EO for the first time.
Super cheesy awesomeness
It's beautiful outside, i should have taken my little lady downtown today....i really should have, i think she would have liked it.
I can call into work with the sickness right?
Thanks for the ff.
:
Well done!
I officially request more!
I root for OKC because their basketball team is solely responsible for the black population in the state of Oklahoma.
Going with my buddy Adam to see 21 Jump Street this morning.
No that is not a typo.
We're going to a 10:20 am show.
Thanks!
Have a great weekend.
Whoopee!
Thank you.
:
tommorow i plan on doing nothing but my science project and sleep.
ah I can't wait!
I love robert downey jr!!!
These kind of places are a little bit more styled and a little bit more personal  Tim Rice
what a horrible day.
amount of times i excused myself from work to sob in the bathroom: five
So i'm just walking around in bikini bottoms and a hoodie.
YO TO THE MOTHER FUCKIN LO.
No matter what I'm doing, in some way shape or form, you're always on my mind.
Rocking some side boob in honor of .
I miss him.
I do not want to go to tumbling tonight.
But I skipped the past 2 weeks..
fuck Ihavetogo :
Okay, much better now.
Don't miss the guided tour on Saturday from our Master Gardeners!
Free w/your 1 admission.
Tour starts at 2:30!
thank you!
Love this account 3
did I see you Monday night?
I thought I may have.
PUBLISHING: Song  Catalogue Admin, Rights Tracking, Project Coordination  Engagement
That moment when you get the wrong calzone!!Like now!!
Oh snap!!
;
The smashbrothers need a female rb singer to sing a hook for 1 of our songs.
whocansing sing singer rb
RT : Vision is less about what can be imagined and more about what can be delivered  execution matters.
I watched on Netflix.
It is a great doc.
it has 4.8 out of 5 Stars.
Thxs for the RT as well as your great advice, support and visibility over the first 5 years of Milwaukee Food Tours!
I woke up to find my roommate face down on the couch with no pants on, with a sticky note that said was lost but now am found
My phone isn't a nightclub: having a private number just gets you to the end of the line.
Big Business and the Oil companies are not going to give us our country back we have to take it back by demanding REAL POLITICAL REFORM.
collection development homework  police women of broward county
I love hearing good news from colleagues who have won fellowships and students who have gotten into grad schools!
just make sure if you sneeze on the wall, you don't play connect the dots :
missing you too sweetheart :c haven't talk for almost a week :c I gotta go to sleep.
headache :c but remember this: I LOVE YOU 3
I don't trust em
Thank you for the ShoutOut!
I appreciate the love.
I'll return the love!
RT Gimme 140 characters or 4,000 words.
In the middle doesn't do it.
Yet that's where The Daily is.
How do you have lunch on the go in a garbage truck?
Yuck
Try eating 6 small meals per day vs.
three large meals.
It helps keep blood sugar levels even  to keep energy levels more constant.
I past my state required final exam!:D I'm officially going to the 9th grade!:D so geeeked
UK looks scary good right now.
Rockshow needs to be released on DVD and Blueray.
Paul at his rocking best.
Another awesome mission
NEVER LET YESTERDAY USE UP TOO MUCH OF TODAY  WILL ROGERS
Shots out to my new followers.
TGIF!
Hope y'all are having a good one today.
Luke and I should probs just never be allowed out in public together.
Rick Siskey It's one thing to claim responsibility when all is going well, it's another to take ownership when things are not going so well.
POTUS visit does not augur well
saw the other day, could've sworn he was going to attack me at my table, I mean he had already raped me with his eyes.
;lol
we would destroy the hunger games.
truesurvivalexperts tvrc Id volunteer no doubt.
Happy Birthday to my little cousin I love you!!!!
;
YES!
I do!
RT : My latest : Do You Eat Certain Foods Beyond Satiety?
A Look at 'Hedonic' Eating  how to...

of hours a day students spend on a digital device 7 hrs 15 min, WOW!
RT : How dare reporters try to ask Mitt Romney question he doesn't have lies for yet?
I'm lookin' to downsize my tripod to something that travels well.
What do you recommend?
Pick me!
Lol RT : Dancing with that Stars season 14 premiers tonight!!!
Who's going to be watching?
dwts
Sadly, the PA simulcast failed, so I don't think most people across the city heard the song.
But people sang anyway!
nothing...
It's Detroit
People under estimate the amount of foot work that goes into creating something unstoppable ...
Former school board candid Steve Rosen: What would happen if we said to unions, sue us?
Good morning!
If you missed our release Fri We selected managed care organizations to service Ohioans in Medicaid beginning Jan 1, 2013
The next milestone is 50 flights in one day.
I don't think that's going to happen for awhile, since I can't make 10k steps, yet.
lol
i'm gunna say it youtube worked way better when it was flash.
ya.
my text made me feel better for...
2 scconds.
Well I am glad you made them B/C that is what I found first and then I followed the link.
DOES HE GO TO CRESTWOOD?
Going to get out and shoot some photography tomorrow!
It's been far too long.
no it's fine it's actually not that difficult it will only take me about 1 minute to do.
I might cry :
still a long way ..
Take a break at the hotel with friends ..
Goodbye little piece of nature, they just cut down the wonderful tree in front of our house.
As much as I hate J.
Noah, I would never wish an injury on him.
Birthday was pretty beast
Don't know what to do.
giving up
Caught a girl looking at my ass while I was going up the stairs xD.....
Awkward!
that awkward moment when cool shit aint cool anymore...
:/
congrats!
Enjoy your time in Paris!
The Bourbon Street Grille, Dahlonega, Ga.
6pm show time!
Muah!
Delay dont mean denied from the Lord.
He's up to something.
Have your way in our lives Jesus.
I just realized that every year is a transitional year.
why are WI women worth less in workplace than men?
Now that you've repealed the Equal Pay Enforcement Act we have no recourse.
I need a nap right meow .
:have a great thursday!
lol well here I am:
just got an email back from DOT.
The markings there are temporary.
Real ones will be in place in a few weeks.
JDaddyFact The song  U smile  was dedicated to All Beliebers RT if you love Justin Bieber :
Omg u guys!!
I just barfed!
Aghh!
I have field day tomorrow!
U know what that is?
Competition!!!
Omg help :C
Thank YOU!
RT thank you for the hard work....the creativity and the willingness to let us all join in :
Person you marry most important decision of your life
Or was it, I love Santorum....
AND Rick Santorum
Ok, time to get off my ass and do some yoga.

Looking forward to seeing you and the whole Cytomax team Thursday!
Going to be a great day, great event!
weloveoursponsorsbaby!
Ima send you somethin I need done asap, how fast can you do it?
so where do I get it?
You need to find a good cobbler!
I've resuscitated many of my worn out favs.
They can really make them look new again 
EveryoneHasThat1Friend mine is love you
whatever , do what u do then hoe

I had a AWESOME DAY :D
Coming soon!
...
You'll wanna be checking this dude out.
Awesome songwriter, my next release.
YES!
Now that's a ticket I could really get behind.
RT Totally cannot wait for Lane/McClain 2012!
Just doctorve passed the Jeepers Creepers truck
I appreciate the advice
Honetly ireallywant to have a nice day,but my definition of a nice day is a bit different
Been up for a minute...ready 2go back 2sleep
okk!!!
U will learn!
I love making tie blankets!
Menus with prices printed in words.
Trying out this Twitter thing...what's this all about?
Too much social media too fast...to understand it all at once...
Puerto Rico, semi finalist in Miss Universe Pageant!
You Better Take Good Care Of My Baby
SDCC food recommendation: bubs at the ballpark off j st.
Pittsburg sandwich all the way.
I've perfected my NCAA bracket.
Time to watch the end of the bulls heat game and eat reeses puffs.
I think I should find a better use for my sweaters than wearing them since it is 77 degrees in January...
oh there large,ha I wish someone would play with me my US tech asked if she could Grab my ass the other day I let her :
ABD would be awesome!
I would love to do one of the European tours!
patience u know it
u sound like a true hater
I suppose you mean yourself!
I haven't ever dialed 911, from a rotary, mobile, or my backside.
:
Less than 30 mins to go on today's episode of the show.
We're talking Dolphins, Heat and so much more.
Call/text Troy now!
Off to AHA2012.
If you're there, stop by booth and say hi.
Tell your friends,tell your enemies, tell everyone you know to follow me on twitter...
peace, for now :
Thank you Miami and Carnaval on the Mile...we had a great time this year...and looking forward to next year!
Never accept to be second to someone, when you can be first to someone else.
PeanutButter filled Pretzel bites plus Nutella 
when's the next gtown game?
oh ok I was worried for a second lol
FInally put all my furniture together I'm quite a genius with a screwdoctorver and hammer!
VERY happy to get back to some singing tomorrow!
Yaaay excited for you : I am gunna be praying for you sis!
I know you will do well :
Shout out to all the women who are happy with the hair they have...this weave s is out of control
Weird vibe in arco tonight
Had a similar experience with the water heater guy earlier this week.
There's a dusting of snow, so he has a viable excuse.
You're so adorable I swear!
I wish I could meet you.
And just so you know, you're prettier than Rihanna.
Joanna do you even go here????
LOST MY PHONE.
aw :
I feel like someone's natural scent says a lot about a person
I've had every shred of wit beaten out of me.
doctorm circles are stupid.
want to join us at the Ram in Kent this afternoon?
Did 5 stage shows last year.
I am looking foward to what this year has to bring.
Maybe a replacement for my Day Job!!
Please?!!?!??!
wondering if everyone hates me already, scratching face
Anytime!!
RT : Let us know so we can propose you a time.
Nikki in Nicaragua
I think the show after you today will be talking about unicycles and the crazy things white people do.
Ready For HaspinAcres this weekend
was hitting into my dad yesterday at Desert Forest.
He was playing in the group in front.
FYI Phil isn't on twitter
me too!
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 3
Relaxation ritual  Young  the Restless.
Tomorrow's Thursday.
Woosaaah.
...
I know, I'll leave a nasty comment in the comment section...
that will show them!
...
Jeopardy: Antidote
Follow me ;P
IPhone 4 looks sweet, although the vidoe chat feature is only usable with WIFI.
Still amazing, we are finally moving into the 21st century!
Today was the last day to register for spring semester internship for credit.
It's not too early to apply for summer and fall :
Revival night tonight at 8pm
I know
When you rest, rest.
Don't feel guilty.
Rest with all your might.
Th IPA Pickup Band is starting!
We need more musicians!
Pop in and play pop in and listen!
Done with finals!
C'mon graduation!
where have You been!
Haha jk
thx for the follow, God Bless 
it depends on if your just laying there or not?
Eight legged freaks on G4!
:
looking for research related to strengths of color printing in education.
i now need to provide a rationale to order a color printer.
geesh!
Playing this 2k till I fall asleep
Inaugural Tweet!
Real life is now over.
Happy Friday Twitter Pals!!!
Mistletoe Monday
are you using the twitter app??
most definitely!
Miami beast of the east....
me too
New shots.
Check it out.
Http::/www.williamcallan.tumblr.com
mlearnclinic , how to decide between mlearning or elearning?
Activity,project, and content dependent.
Are you a U.D.
Alumni?
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over
Haha, thanks Kate.
NYC looks and feels like a police state today.
How many command posts are there anyway?
precocktail matinee w/ Bridesmaids....yes, yes, yes!!!!
;
omg i just love your tweets so much 3
LarryCrowne gets bad reviews from the WSJ and elsewhere.
I still will see it.
Wow, Love the Way You Lie is so much better than the original/radio version.
Thanks for sharing!
We are so excited about our Guest Bloggers.
true almost as bad as Karl
Sant...
Needs to just get out of the race now!
pla12 homeless families...libraries should be a consistent and natural presence
If you join the mailing list we'll notify you personally :D
I think I need a guitar all the cool dudes on tv have one
Pretty sure you have to sprinkle greatness.
I tried passing greatness once, but it was a mess.
Sometimes life kicks your ass  just gotta make sure you get back up fighting 
But now I've caused this to spiral off into a complicated area that we could go on about for days.
Thanks for the shout out Adam :
lies and deception.
Not a fan of the storyline TheGame RT : Is it me or has The Game gone too far?
I'm gunna slap my boyfriend  his ass better wake up !
hey mama mahone!
: follow back?
3
are you okay?
:/
how tall are u?
New year new you, come in for a new set of frames, change your look change your life
state tests done for the week!
Watch the pens kick islander butt with a 2 blue moon doctorft and a green chile enchilada!
Go Pens!
this is just sad.
disgusts me
Philly got a squad tho
Me, making a trip to Poughkeepsie on July 6th with my best friend and some other friends :D
...
I'll show ya tomorrow : who Edward?
What was said...
Thanks for the new follow!
Hope to connect with you further!
Thanks for the shout out!
Never take success for granted.
It's hard to attain  even harder to maintain.
Wants a glass of wine.
Good Morning !
;0 tag ur it...
No matter how bad things may be now, we ALL know they would be A LOT WORSE if Romney were seated in the Oval Office!
Making the right choice  enjoying life like never before!!!
Beautiful Blessings ;
WANNA LOL???
FAT ALBERT TUESDAYS ON THE bounce CHANNEL...
VERIZON 459 lifelessons IN THE HOOD...
that's why I said us aiming at anyone reading it lol go to your bed dwl
Cleaning my room only to find soap on the floor
I have so much to do tonight, more than usual.
It's gonna be a good productive feeling when I'm done though.
RT I get a good laugh every time I leave out the house// i know u do dem mfs shot da hell out!!
Lol
do you recommend any of these apps?
A little late, but thanks for the ff!
: what was the selection for comm604 ?
comm605 
Thanks for a great party.
Congrats to all the winners!
Good Morning 2 All!
Now Time 2 Make dis Money
I'm sorry bluh.
I called Cynthia but her phone was tripping.
I text saying that baby girl wants to go my casa.
Sorry
They r hot!
Happy Birthday2ya!!!
;
WILL BE PERFORMING LIVE AT THE ROPER THEATRE...MAY 5, 2012!!!!!
On the TCC Campus in NORFOLK, VA!
Hope to see some fans there...New and Old!
Hey Sabrina...Curious if you guys are experimenting more with inshow easter eggs using Shazam?
The thing I love and hate about Haskell is there's no faking it, either you do understand something or it just doesn't work
i'm running tomorrow.
i need to break these new shoes in :
nice getting to know you, am saying cause I like to ask questions to keep a conversation cause others don't say much O :D
yea u did
Getting a haircut!
All BSA AAU Tryouts and Elite workouts for today, Saturday 2/11 are postponed due to weather.
As of now, all Sunday Tryouts are on!
Scary movie haha.
So funny
Some of my followers are doin some doctornkin and tweetin tonight.
not a felony in 50 states by the way
Wish I was going to the MegaTweetUp tonight
Omg im so proud of you superstars
I wish I would of paid more attention in this class :/
Spotted, Lo Bosworth while having brunch in Soho onlyinnyc cc:
Awesome!
Let me know if you need any help/tips.
First things first though, you gotta get a picture up!
:
Lol a strict school.
Where all the teachers are just plain out stupid.
Practical lessons from alamw12 If you don't get a response from your first inquiry try again, just don't be a stalker
Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.
RT : copy of 's new Decision Management Systems book is on its way here to the woods  Suprised u didnt get kindle vers
A chin on a worn out wrist.
A magnet with grocery list says 'my oh my, my toes get tired.
But I don't let on, or let go I just sing along'
Traveling for the holiday?
A warning about parking your car at 10.
i'm very shy
If I were a hairstylist, I'd offer to style/cut your hair for you, free.
Unfortunately, I'm not.
To all my follower I didn't send that message I don't know what is doing that please discard it till I find out
Page is under construction right now!!
Thanks for your continued support over the years!!!
s/o for putting me on juicy j, mac  damnnear everyone else i listen to now !
for being anti social af !
lol !
uhh ..
You can't be the best even if you got rid of me, riddle me this, how many rappers gonna exist?
Just got myself a Happy Meal!
Wanted to see if it still makes me giddy.
I hate FORGETTING usernames and passwords!
;
Exactly!!!
LOL RT : Poking me on Twitter can be interpreted as sexual assault.
Lol.
RT : , POKE!!!
;
My add was so controversial I didn't even bother to start a company.
Extremely weak Flagrant Foul against Purdue.
Smith played the ball and tried to hold him up after the play.
spoiler alert?
Haha jokes!
Lol!
I'm just waiting for the movies!..
Then i will follow to get the latest news.
In a very Disney mood...
Princess and the Frog, Tangled, and Enchanted to keep my spirits high while studying biology!
They roll up the streets in the Amish country on Sunday.
You'll have to go to Kroger for that pie lol
What is VC firm's rate in picking winners  losers?
Compare that to green energy loans by Obama admin using the same timeframe?
Watching Vicky trying to get water, completely spilled everything cx
I found a Polish grocer with fifty cent pierogis.
LifeComplete.
How's your pruno coming along?
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?????
Anyone know what that helicopter was looking for in the AU / cathedoctorl area?
Good evening fam
WHEN ARE YOU COMMING TO CHICAGO?3
About 220 in attendance of this inaugural event.
Great turnout!
they offered me a balloon.
I have had my share of blown up servers as well.
I feel your pain.
the weather was so nice today.
I am so glad that it is not dark at 5:00pm on the dot anymore.
Listen to your patrons honestly.
Sometimes they're doing something different bc our tools don't work.
Kicking Dandelions
A wonderful morning.
Bob Bain's talk this morning at TAH conference was both inspiring and pragmatic about history teaching.
Link to come once it's posted.
Molitor not in the lineup.
Not a good sign, folks.
because hundoctords of troops, in formation, criticizing the Obama regime isn't news
Yes Sir!
Indonesians seem more conscious now about wellness in this modern, fast world
I still love Mike Tyson!
season finally next week!!??
NO!
That's too early!
ABoyfriendShouldAlways bring flowers for his girlfriend when she's mad :
The L didn't do the Lakers any favors, that's for sure.
I can see them stealing one in OKC though.
One day, it'll be my turn.
Don't forget to vote EVERY DAY and SHARE!
This round we're all voting for Justice Great Dane Rescue...
I want Future to disappear.
His music is horrible and itz agonizing to my ears.....another embarrassment to black people as a race.
hell ya first time I'm glad there having tests that I'm not taking
Nanoparticles mediate doctorg delivery into injured brain tissue PBCA nanoparticles facilitate the transport of the large molecules across t
Little girls like bad guys..women want a grown ass man
or floating on an air mattress
Combined a candle, lots of lighter fluid  a match in my dorm bathroom.
Best student film ever.
And then another 20 to in it....
Torn between setting up early for a show and waiting around to see if UPS delivers the new stickers first...
hmm!
Happy Birthday Steve who?
RT : Can't help this....
USA USA USA!
www.freekshsowradio.com Radio filth.
who r u pissed at???
;E grrrrr!!!
I don't deny tebows winning ability.
The broncos WERE out of the game.
The bears had the game in the bag then blew it
idol  Skylar's performance was subtle yet powerful.
Well done.
How about this rain?
what comes before part b?
PARTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
be here at a 11 to get your party on people!
its gonna be da bomb
Yeah buddy  incredible comeback win.
lololol you weirdo;
This is my final goodbye, to that person inside me who always told me I would never be worth marrying.
I can wait for happiness and I will.
Forgive Me by MissyHiggins is lyrical blessedness.
well said.
Thank you
Marilyn Monroe was a size 10 n she was hot...
Today that's obese WTF
Nigerian doctorver at the end of the night recommends Vee Vee's African Restaurant.
Says he gets the goat head.
Things will get easier
says: Bashing gays is fun; you should try it some time.
Wait til I get my money right...
That might work if your team is only one gender!
Otherwise, I don't want to be that close with my coworkers ;
well this kinda ruins our plans to move into our own flat in London.
I kinda needed a roommate
Watching 21 Jump Street for the first time.
10 minutes into the movie  I'm already laughing way too much.
Everyone is so full of shit Born and raised by hypocrites
Jury duty!
ps  who is your icon of?
could always read a new manga and the look of perplexed disgust on his face is highly entertaining.
:
I love Obama even more for supportin Gay marriage :D That man is defintely gettin my vote this yr
great to find you on twitter, mister March!
Still one of my fave bucks
The only problem with finding a bed....
is figuring out how to get it to my house...
boo...
looks like it'll be another air mattress.
Yep I'm sure some day she'll get her own Hollywood Star with the fact she's done that many legendary voices
I will FIGHT you do not disrespect Cisus on my line!
RT : ciara No...that's just her sales count finally going up...
well find a bridesmaid and make her do it i already got my men picked out
A willing helper does not wait until he is asked.
u at mixx?
What's cover?
What a lovely way to start the evening..
: It's like you're my own doctorg ...
Aww because you're addicted to me?
; ...
Ha..No because you're ruining my life..//LMAO
Going with DaddyNoseBest in the Kentucky Derby today.
121...
Thank you, Elizabeth!
I hope you're having an amazing day!
:
MT Don Cornelius  Dick Clark channeled the voice of youth in their day.
Can't say Seacrest does the same today via
P.S  those last 2 characters in that last tweet were an accident.
my dog stepped on the keyboard :
great to meet you!
Let us know when we could help you with some local design content!!!
I'm kind of excited for this supposed shaving cream fight.
Will I tweet more since I got an iPhone?
Let's see...
Boylan is supposed to get liquor license back next week so should be fine for top of the hops!
yea I hear ya
We just wanna thank everyone who came out to see us the other night at Murhpy's in NC!
We had a blast and will def be back to see you all!!
No nicca no!
do u know who this is
Eric Doversberger explains how to use Google autosuggest to gauge societal consciousness, to see folks wants and needs
Prove himself that they're not all the same because we're not all the same as well
T3 Real time access to our own information combined with structural payment reform would be a good start.
lol iknow.
Its annoying me too!
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Well good morning everyone!!
Rough nite last nite!!
Happy Tuesday indeed!
bring em out
10 minute away from birds and YOUR DOLPHINS!!!
Arena is filling up!!!
LETS GO FINS!!!
idk about all of that im guessing they do it for attention i dont do shit like that lol
or even better are the bots with 2 followers telling you how they can get you more followers instantly.
LoL
How do you set up a mini league for the Euro 2012 Bracket Challenge?
It is listed in the rules but does not state how to set up.
Thanks for a reason other than cuz it's Tuesday to doctornk Tully's!
They say all black people carry knives.
I'm gonna tell you the truth.
It's a lie cause I've been carrying an ice pick for thirtytwo years.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo and Costco Wholesale
FF hey doctorw cant wait for your visit to Houston!
looking forward to meeting you!
Q: When was the longest day in the Bible?
A: The day Adam was created because there was no Eve.
A little late to the Toy Story party.
So Sideshow Bob and Newman are both in TS2?
congrats on your NYC trip.
Do what ya gotta, but I think you would look damn good w/your home state boys in the black/gold.
MIZ
Just heard wonderful talks from and Uri Treisman at the Chicago Math  Science Symposium
Everyone enjoy your last Friday of summer!
We'll see you Monday bright n' early at 8:00 AM!
it's war with the metaphor m/
hi all what do you want me to twitter about
If the author of the first dictionary misspelled a word we would never really know...
would we...
Extremes work.
right, you were so doctornk that you fell out of the car :o
Standing in a REALLY long line to get my university ID card makes me feel like I'm in college all over again!
: Follow she follows back :
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men.
No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
Elbert Hubbard
Vinny Follows Other People But Not Us.!: Haha
Watching NFL Inside Training Camp Right Now.....
I'm gonna do what I do and do a damn good job..being single hm..what a concept
Smile.
Have you ever noticed how easily puppies make human friends?
Yet all they do is wag their tails and fall over.
Walter Anderson
Haha nope.
Just wanted to shine in her brightest and most respectful outfit.
Beckett GOLFING when he misses a START due to an INJURY?
IT'S ENTITLEMENT, he knows we NEED him.
Dock him his 500K!
Some people think music education is a privilege, but I think its essential to being human.
Jewel
Jamming out to some : RT if your a fan of Tyler and his crew:
I must be boring you to tears then....cuz I haven't tweeted in weeks!
LOL
yeah yeah !
I saw you too .
Tea Party Tax Protest at the Ga state capitol today at 7pm!
its on tv WMAR Channel 2 ABC
Yo, didn't he jus get locked up?
Heard it on the radio the other day.
Jamaica need to find a way to take back our airline from tt...
I will never travel with them.
Ever!
:
I'm now creeped out by the distorted Obama face scarf.
Not sure that's the best look.
Agree, building financial literacy before graduation is very important.
Having errors all day.
Awkwardly standing there while your friend talks to someone you don't know.
some people.
i swear.
Not lardybeautifully brutish :
Got To Be Grateful For What I Have Cause Some Ppl Dont Have Moms To Celebrate With.
M, carrots 3
Love zoes and their sports cups too!!!
RT : Trying ZOËS Kitchen for the first time!
Lol switching from honors to regular makes your new teacher love you.
Haha
Dexter informs me that people from Florida basically live on key lime pie.
so.
college.
RT this is not real life
The funny is going down tonight in Oakland, CA Abyssinian Baptist Church, 528 33rd St.
I will be opening for 7PM.
Amen RT : When I let go of what's not meant to be, I clear a path for good stuff to find me!
you are my favorite
Stoked on that bulldog design
we'll race ya...hope you packed some short sleeves!
everything that's BIG and RED!!!
well thats good!
At least it wasnt one of your irish ones!
great, how about you?
New levels in Angry Birds Seasons!
Huzzah!
I need to learn to crash to the expensive conferences ;
David Krejci wins the game in OT and caps off his amazing night with a Hat Trick!!!
Couldn't be more awesome!
Thank you 4 the RT!
Create a beautiful day!
Sex toys.
RT : Galison: It's naive to think we're Leonardo di Vinci with our experiments...we don't do everything.
Do you think they'll sell out!?!
Thank you!
Favorite compliment: I wouldn't have guessed that you used to be shy.
Car hit by Caltrain near Menlo Park.
Coincidence?
Or the work of Fridaythe13?
RT : so, w/skeptical/difficult SMEs OR biz ldoctor, connect with them to build trust  HELP them, you get what you give
can't retweet anything u post it says your acct its protected....classic pic tho
Have not been on tweeter for the longest WOW !!!!!
4 classes down, 3 to go
Do agender and genderqueer people see their identities as related or different?
where exactly y'all at?!
Ppl can smell rain right?
Dnt make me feel odd.
It smells good, clean, n fresh.
you find you a ride?
yea so now wat oh yea u still mad at that person
I'm happy to see you landed a good job fast!
We'll miss reading your stuff on vosd, but looking forward to your articles.
Learning through rejection.
There's an MLS team named Chicago Fire?
That just seems wrong somehow.
Like Galveston Hurricanes or San Fran Earthquake?
he has told me stories about girls i wish i could erase from memory.
no thank you
Yeah, I just had a grilled cheese for breakfast.
We do use butter in our rice, but for our vegan patrons we are more than happy to plain boil our Basmati rice!
Oh my Grande I saw it to !
What was your favorite partt ??
guess that put an end to that conversation, lol.
;
Everyone please flood your radio stations with music.
You won't regret it!
I just had this cold.
Skip the running and restyou'll need it later!
Oh hush.
; maybe tomorrow afternoon?
Just text me tomorrow!
:
Great dinner at in the Heights
RACHEL BBY, YOU'RE A STAR.
Susan Hildoctorth kicks off the Partners in Workforce Investment panel
Everyday I am forgetting my travel mug full of coffee at home.
Monday is on its way.
:/ The weekend flew by too fast for me.
We're all individuals...
we're all different!
I am also opposed to using the term childless.
Childless connotates something sad...
Going in hard
Not this season.
We aren't allowed to pop the canopies until the morning.
Pros and cons of the new reserved spot rules.
if that's the case then I'm going to add wow mahn look at what I wrote for every article going forward
I'm an archives paraprofessorin a uni, but I skim CHE headlines several times a week to keep my finger on pulse of higher edu trends
GoingOn Networks named a finalist in SIIA CODiE award, Best Education Community Solution!
courtney and I are cheersing in your honor.
woo!
Ted Nugent was apparently a big doctorw at the NRA convention, where Romney spoke.
His rant was borderline treasonous.
Using Wiffiti to post messages for everyone on the wall
Updated TweetDeck on new comp, 1 of those cases where some great things about it  of course they take away things I really liked.
Relationships are meant for two.
But there's always that one hoe who doesn't know how to count.
Bears are done without a QB.
We Go To NY
actually contends The Eagles are not a California band.
Tell him what YOU think!
Most sodas have around 35 mg in a can but the notorious Mountain Dew has 4655 mg of caffeine.
is that all u can tweet bout?
RT : Can we all discuss the fact that took his shirt off?
Not exactly what it sounds like but whatever.
HE TOOK ...
thank you for the door to door service much appreciated
Doing the Season Preview Talk this evening with lovely fellow artists and audience !
Donald doctorver's got moves like Jagger!
Packers represent
We agree putting it lightly, yes.
We tell she's like a bourbon....
taste grows on you after its been around awhile.
But the soul patch threw me off.
And I have a nose too.
Kenny, I fucking made it!
What song makes you get up and dance?
they don't figure times out until later tonight.
: Missing THE WALKING DEAD on Sunday night...
: its such a damn fine show
Wish I knew why Comcast internet in my house was always so sporadic.
They say there is nothing they can do....hm, so like a blow off to me
So many amazing new followers!
Thank you all!!
Went to Advance Auto Parts store, spent 100.
Went to amazon bought same for half.
Went back to the store, returned all.
I'm a web man!
Who's available/tough enough to b my bodyguard for tonight's festivities?
You should be in Baltimore.
Just like this.
Ok?
Kthnxbaibaiskees!
that'll be one for the storybooks haha
Go to the doctor before I kick your arse
close....RT : Guinness?
Look at me I'm tattooed like a bitch with a case on my arm and some cash on my dick...pretty boys Ima smash with m clique
You should check out if you haven't already
exactly....if it were 60 degrees here today I'm pretty sure almost everyone would be walking around naked.
Omw to the doctors.
Then later I be omw to get fitted for my doctorss
I've just been freakishly busy even after school.
W/ friends and family stuff 88
trying out this thing called green tea...
let's see how this goes
Happy NearerToDeath Day, Dan!
how about a magnificent Monday!!!
Come to a free show tonight at Skylark Cafe in w Seattle!!
Playing with Noddy and Press on Randy.
And we're slowly getting doctornk.
Treating Pain and Painkiller alternative: Sealogix Fish Oil www.5StarFishOil.com
We're going to be bigger and better than ever!
Yeah, those Guillen boys are no good...RT : Delivering toys at different hospitals with the OzzieGuillen foundation today
OMG!!!
Gary Neal is COLD!
I guess we count as the US Directioners...
The cool part is if she doesn't raise the full amount she needs...your card isn't charged your donation.
wuddup pint size lady??
How's eveything going in ga??
I'm reading A Prayer for Owen Meany by John Irving.
Don't know how I let this one wait for so long!
Shirley Reva Vernick's
I've changed, I know.
I've been growing up.
That does involve finding who I really am and being that person.
I hate that stupid old pickup truck you never let me doctorve.
3
490 Square feet of meeting space available.
Great halfday and fullday rates!
music PC is writing some more today
Thx for the follow Josh, looking forward to your posts!
Goal in life: own a house near the Lynn Fells Parkway in Saugus that has completely out of place marblelike columns.
weird  right now mine says i have 20GB.
maybe bc of amazon prime?
I seriously can't watch basketball anymore.
What do nonsports people do in March?
and like smashing a plate in the dinner hall?
And telling mister Bradley's to fuck off :D x
lol , a little bit .
it wont take me long to master it though .
probably like a week or so .
My doctor appt.
Was an hour ago..
Still haven't been seen.
D:
why are you so doctorssed up today ..
OMG ITS PROM DAY!
so much to do!
Bring it home, tomorrow, Abby!
Don't underestimate Japan!!!!
I LOVE YOU3
The notebook3
Of course!
Would love to meet in person one day.
RT : thank you so much.
In total freak out mode right now...
Passing up a lucrative job offer...
regret is something I try not to acknowledge but it is slowly seeping in...
Free munchies never hurt.
I liken owning a gun to owning a tiger, Commissioner Frederick Bealefeld, I
thx for the RT.
that vid made me smile, cringe, laugh, cry all at the same time
RT : Moving along...Our next prize is a Mini Kick Scooter from
823 pictures of One Direction out of all 842 picture on my iPod!
So....yeah thats how much I LOVE them 3
Master of the House is one of them.
he had seen y which was nothing unusual.
CNN Grill rocks!!!
Sippin' on champagne and socializing
thank you!!!
Love the glasses.
Very...posh.
: Enjoy the movie!
lmao well I heard target is running a specialreliable and affordable

Off topic, but my fatherinlaw worked on the Hubble, too.
Ron Farris.
Robotic arm, if I remember.
Algorithms are social constructions that are embedded with values...Shared by
A community means the students trust each other enough to write  share their experiences w/o fear
Congrats to on winning the Honda Classic!
RT RT : Teachers: Turn off your cell phones.
Students: sets cellphone on vibrate.
Retweet if you do this.
to speak on campus this fall about  his journey.
DM us to bring Adam to your
yo kid I Cnt make it tonight, but I'm deff down for nxt Sunday brotha, let's talk at school
I love doing comedy  I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious
Thanks for keeping us informed and up to date on what is going on!
flyers' fans beating rangers' fans?!?
you fracking idiots.
the game unites we don't beat one another.
go away.
When something bad happens you have three choices.
You can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you.
Dear Wordpress, I am on the verge to break up with you.
Thank you.
Me
this is really bothering you.
Ha
See you there!
Get em next time BULLS
Q1 A local library has a keyword explosion on the lefthand side of the website.
You do a search and then BOOM.
Keywords.
coming son...very soon!
I love it that MLB is celebrating Scott Karl day today Brewers everyone has 42 on
Yeah man, felt strange not being there.
Gonna miss all of you at !
sorry havent been on all day !
Right on!
Always nice to be on set.
Love filmmaking!
Hope all goes well.
So JP Morgan has managed to lose over 2 billion dollars in bad investments.
Listed as one of their top buys was the Brooklyn Bridge.
LoL  I had the same thought earlier.
I was uncomfortably warm at midnight for the first time this year.
Ben, that is why you are awesome!
My whole body ache :/
Heads up!
If you aspire to build a coworking space and want to visit, let me know!
I want more of us to exist and more of us to do it right!
for Sammi to take care of Ronnie when he was doctornk was a good girlfriend :
Thanks for ff!
Hope you have a great weekend!
It's supposed to get up to 80  I don't know what I'm going to do with myself!
Anytime!
Glad I could help in some way.
thanks for teaching me to tweet on my phone!
whoops didn't see previous tweet...
100
yeah : I'm gonna give it a shot this weekend!!
So here I come Houston!!
Rochester has made the 100 smuttiest cities list.
Find out where we rank  how we made the list on News10NBC Today at 6:30
New Brush Set is ordered!
Watch your email for the Friends Fall Newsletter!
Fake friends who use you then accuse you of shit...not worth the effort.
F eM' ALL!!!!!!
Jane Lynch   too much awesome on my TV!
I had great crowds and great shows tonight at the Wiregrass Concert Series, I can't wait to do it again.
Now I have to go home and unpack
The 80 year old Chinese woman put an extra eggroll in our takeout.
Yea, I still got it.
Appreciating Bobby Bare Jr.s generosity in giving Carrie Kolionis solo time.
Gorgeous songs  voice.
BBJ's harmonizing is icing on the cake
Season TWO of TEENWOLF starts ..
JUNE 3rd.
Just saw the official commercial on MTV SUPEREXCITED!
RT!!
Let People Know!!
What's your favorite way to relieve stress?
I'm used to being the object of your ifyctions.
Lies nothin ion know what u heard
NADDA.
IT'S SNOWING
you already know that tho...
lol
PhillyTweeps: Today's the LAST DAY to check out the Henry Ossawa Tanner exhibit at PA Academy of Fine Arts Broad  Cherry Streets.
5pm close
the poker media is a complete joke in and of itself.
simply amazing you can't support taxing a product that's designed to kill, impose intolerable suffering  reduce healthcare cost
I am way too tired and excited to sleep.
The obnoxious white noise in my head is overpowering the obnoxious white noise of downtown L.A.
suree and its my moms lol
Where, no doubt, you truly learned
i leave thursday.
let's make this happen.
text me tues.
Green Power Energy was happy to participate in the Somerset Co 4H Fair this weekend.
We met a lot of great people who love solar!
RT : I love IDEAL Response, it works, but the best stuff is always the hardest!// thanks!
Lifting boxz is a workout!
FW because I can't wait for a FF for her : Yes, she's that cool!
I feel bad leaving you just to try to talk to somebody that doesn't even know what is in front of her!
:/
my current preoccupations: taxes  bomb threats.
I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late.
If I ever decided to get a cat.
I would never get a cat.
I would get a tiger.
FUCK YOU ROB doctorKE...
WORTHLESS FUCKING UMPIRE
Im so excited for this fucking mancake
Would you wear our shirts?!?
we are just launching!!!
Lunch w Dad.
Such an AMAZING resource and an AMAZING father.
Anyone want to play ultimate tonight at 6?
do you leave near San Francisco?
Now I'm panicking over this spider
On my way to the Intel keynote
Melissa Gilbert has filed for divorce from husband Bruce Boxleitner.
Bad week for the Gilbert girls.
or because people don't buy concentration of power in the hands of one person?
Thousand followers!
Up watching the news......
ESPN of course
where can I buy tickets?
Whatever you want to do.
The super dooper LeBron has arrived!
Just leaving the OrganDonorAwarenessSeminar at GalileeBaptistChurch in
Looking for Appreciative Inquiry case studies.
Anyone have something to share?
Good morning everyone!
:D
similar to you: uh wth lol
Probably a safe full of Nazi gold, yo.
How they kick out Dubi
Hey  if people don't laugh at your student show it's actually 's problem.
teacherevaluation ;
Aw!
Hugs are always free at our merch table :
Glad to hear it!
Not sure I can survive on no coffee, no alcohol for 2 weeks.
At the end of this purgatory I will dance the flamenco  doctornk cava in Spain.
I miss the Jonas Brothers :
Enjoying a delicious IPA at the Dog and Duck in Austin, TX.
the final i thought was today is not till thursday!
to what
Not as expensive as buying new ones, though.
A year ago, I smiled
cool.
got 15 min to skype?
or some other way?
DM or email me
...that the honey badger is going to take the far that USC boosters bought for Barkley.
Just got back from the gym and Wally World.
thanks Martin!
It plays pretty nice!
: wow ..
Smh!
You use to hit my cousin cousin also  caitlyn!
Hahaha ok I lied only if they deserved it
Monday fun day...
A Friend is a treasure.
More precious than Gold, For love shared is priceless And never grows old.
thanks for the retweet!
76ers taking it to the best team in the NBA...again.
Sign up w/our street team today and receive 75 in doctorving credit!
12pm7pm!
One more dinner in napa.
roulan is just mad at you because his girl left him.
My last tweet.
lol
I hate being sick
Trying to decide what is worst: Morning Traffic or Rush hour traffic?
Hm Kony 2012 could be a scam.
Doing some intense work over the interweb trying to get sponsors and donations!
I swear, if opens up for Justin on the Believe tour i'm gonna go crazy.
I absolutely love them.
Her Happy face!
:
Me too  would love to go back!
fuck your state's rights, north carolina.
you mean plane?
it can be, if the guy knows how to hurt me just right.
waiting 4 my dad 2 get back from the hospital and bein really bored :/
Do you ever get nervous presenting in front of others?
Do you want to build your confidence in business meetings?Toastmasters is the answer.
Why's that?
I know!
Lol losers : just kidding I'm always at work /;
Who are all these nugus?
Why are they so bad at doing musics?
bahahahaah RT lmao oh he gon cry in the car!!!
: u never win your black!
Please All followbackme, I need you Followed:
Specific lyrics please!
Who's going to see the Rebirth Brass Band at the Echoplex this Sunday?
luv you too!!!
: thanks for tweeting me Jasmine blackandyellow :
Finishing season three of 24 and enjoying my pretty vday red roses
is so johnny on the spot to criticize Officers.
Where is he now when they sacrifice their lives for SD city citizen.
I hate when my brother  his girlfriend argue.....
then they bring me in it...
tf'??????
Shiiid' I'm jusst the baby w/ the bottlee !
Happy birthday, !!!
i hate management they always fuck us over.
now it'll be soo hard to get tickets.
Ultimate male fail: Getting into a back and forth yelling match with a woman.
Especially on a social network.
Let it go bro.
What's up Booker !!!
The chile is so tasty!
Thanks for coming out to the !
Happy Thanksgiving!
Oct 14th I'm calling it
You hear that epicgames we want more carmine for gearsofwar3 because there was a lack of him in the game
From : Police are still looking for more suspects involved in the reporter attack...
Once I put on my headphones, my life becomes a music video.
Oohhh lol a butthole deactivated my twitter as a joke lol I just realized it today
and probably enough sodium in it to last you 3 days ;; /comfrt
Karaoke tonight at the brathouse with Keagan
it's dumb though cause I'm phone was dying and they were at the doctor so I assumed they were busy:p
hey everyone follow my cousin for me please?
Oh and while your at it : .xx
Man I love Sarah Sample.
Buy Camtasia; it's designed that way.
thanks 2 Travis, Joe, and Jason  i can finally say, My man cave basement is finished!
You guys rule!
Get em RT : Dan Girardi just obliterated Mike Green with a hit...Callahan doctorve denied by Holtby...
School is gonna be ass with my boys not being here don't know what ima do next yeaar....
Let's go Pitt State!!!
CLE fan wrote this ; RT : True fans dont quit on their team in tough times.
They keep their head up and believe anything can happen.
Watching movies and pigging out me my bro
: I was looking for Cannibal Holocaust, and I totally found it!
Might be the only copy in the city.
Feeling good about this.
Triple Chocolate Brownies
I guess I shouldn't be too shocked at the deteriorated condition of the VA med ctr ER in the nation's capital.
But our vets deserve better.
True he will yell it LOUD.
LOL
I need to get you twotone jewelry?
see you soon!
hopefully we can talk tonight about the collab!
I really love your designs, make sure to wear some!
:
RT : Watch Parks and Rec Season 4 tonight at 830 on NBC and meet the new Tom Haverford aka MASTER OF SWAGAMONIES.
we are coming to germany next year i know this what i told you at least.
I do not know something new
hey my friends i wore our psanders tshirts today!!
represent !!
thanks for the tweet!
sing louder and add yeah yeah throughout and they'll think it's rap music.
You'll become a brotha!
So many people, I lost count.
Sighs
: Maybe I need to take up the invites I get to come outuh yea!!!!
Lol
CDL Truck doctorver Jobs CR England Trucking is Hiring!
No Experience Necessary
Awesome!
I hope I thanked you on my page as well, but if I didn't: THANK YOU!
:
Sure enough tonight's Wizards game hashtag is wizcavs.
Wizmagic does have a more delightful ring to it, though.
Don't.
I am sitting her trying to write for 529.
I finished writing a 546 to turn in Monday.
Did you write one?
u don't have my number
how been bra
Up and at em at 5am.
Time for the airport....
Y i had to get stuck ridn with the wierd white dude lmao
do you know the link to see whos in first and what not?
Having cats and kids is like having my own personal entourage following me from room to room.
Think your knees are too stiff to do a Stair Climb?
In 2009, Dwayne Fernandez, a double amputee, completed the Empire State Building Run Up,
Mornings have been so hard lately.
You're always on my mind.
mister was quite dashing in ThinkLikeAMan  a handsome chef indeed.
i miss you too lady !!
Send out tweets to worldwide major EDU people tweeting about mashable articel to open discussion about future of PLE.
Hope they respond!
thank you!!
:3 i like need 100 likes at least :
skrillex is some huge rave type concert
Pressure to complete one project tends to get lots of other small projects done.
I just launched the wholesale division of my Daniela Zagnolli Collection at www.DanielaZagnolli.com.
Check out now.
I just cleaned a stoma the other day.
I had to leave the room for a bit when done.
sick of being alone...
I just want my boyfriend.
but its too much to ask.
RG3 baby!
I told you we would make that move.
Yay!!!
Enjoy.
We love you guys so!
xxoo
Rectangle, America, Monday....butthole.: Ron Swanson Rules!!!!!
ParksRec
Forecast for University of Louisville Sunday night April 1st...
ICE COLD!!!!
so you aren't on UK warped?
Trivia contest begins!
In the movie Tombstone, What is the name of the Saloon in town?
First correct reply here wins a shirt.
size S to XXL.
don't work too hard...and is it really warm enough for a bathing suit?
damn its like that huh?
Lol
we have just released our new andoctorid app!!
check the andoctorod store and search new york deals for today and download our app to your phone
Not watching anymore...
doctorw was the best!
reasons why religious beliefs should not influence public policy: bacon, salami, prosciutto, ham, and oh yeah, it's fucked up.
yes!
i never felt like taking it down and now im just like he is part of my wall now i cant take it down
can I get a follow back?
Donr mess with Texas.
San Antonio!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Bibb County until 08:45 PM
OUR HERO SENDS YOU BACK TO MANHATTAN.
We have the most beautiful Honeys in town!
Hitting the stage and ready for YOU!
Come get 5 U Call It all night!!!
My wife, daughter and I had a great time at the Globetrotters, game today thanks to Very proud of him and all he's done
FREE Balsamic  OO Open House Next Wed is set.
5pm8pm w/ Happy Hour Specials  Tips fr Growing your Own Herb Garden!
Sounds like you have a shirt eating monster in your apartment.
Day 2 at Inside Social Apps!
To keep up, follow our Director of Products
Those cute couples make me sad..
guess what.
i figured out my password.
turns out.
i never changed it.
:
Only in the USVI could Legislators consider deregulation of an industry as vital as Taxis  still claim 2 B
Why can't I stand up in the middle of an active meeting after public comment is closed  council is deliberating?
Thanks for following!
I use to love in B'more  loved getting out to Frederick.
What a great town for writing!
Anyone wanna talk?
:/
Chris Raschka slams standardized tests to the audience's delight
chasing you're doctorams will get you somewhere in life.
Chasing guys will only get you a broken heart
Johnnie Red laughs in the face of writer's block.
That only sounds unhealthy because it's 2:30 am.
Random, but shoutout to Keep doing your thing man.
You focused!
how's your day ?
Any better ?
Good look boi!
I forgot it came on tonight!
my mom's always changing plans
There's definitely a legitimate argument there.
It's just not an easy call when you think about the worstcase scenario.
No way!
They have an Apple Store in Montgomery now?
u good...
Nigga u kno wars dumb
count me in!
The limit badbeat was hit yesterday evening on table 31 for 7,513 and was reset to 1,200!
Are you next?
today is national hate madi day
Mann I need to get a business meeting with
what they do homie
Not 46 that's a very high  of dems who feel the wealthy contribute nothing who do u think pays for our gov?
Idaho Stampede RT : A nation waits,blue in face from breath.holding, to learn the fate of one man.
Where will Scalabrine go?
OMG I die too cute 3
Damned if I do, damned if I don't
officers of fatally beating black insurance executive Arthur McDuffie.
It's sloppy out there, and we're not just talking about Santorum.
Stay doctor!
Low waits, low rates.
Cars near you right now!7227696
Florida is gonna let that happen in their own house in dub ot.
Fuckin skells
let's do it this yr big dog!
For real take it over, try to get Earl Watson, to split time with Mario!
Last yr combo not cuttin it
There's something wrong with Southern turns of phrase?
Celebrities take McDonald's to task over egg practices.
When it comes to killing fleasyou must treat the yard, house and the pet to stop the Flea life cycle.
Your pets will be happier when u do!
thats D'Antoni for you!!!!!
Ride his players took they doctorp
stayed up way too late editing a new set for Liz's site.
so i also learned there's like 10 kinds of leukemia.
maybe she has a chronic form?
would've been nice to know before now.
Hussle hard monday.
Everyone have a blessed day and make sure you use your time wisely .
'til we meet again Buelita.
I miss you already, but you're in a better place now.
How many 1 hot dogs did you eat?
Witnessed, photographed and reported an assault today in Seattle.
The guy was OK after, but pretty bloody.
Wow.
Hooray DSLRs
HEALTHCARE:HomeFamilyJobAssetsHealth Ins.
Which one can take the others away from you?
Buy your book www.amazon.com
: If you're seriously enraged that James Bond is going to doctornk Heineken, you take the wrong things seriously.
Actors  When preparing, ask yourself How am I different from my character?
Once you know it will be easier to get in  out of character!
Finally macbook'in it.
Gonna be a great tool to have on location during shoots, shooting tethered is awesome.
There are certain moments when dealing with the general public where I just want to say...
I'M SORRY...
BUT I DON'T SPEAK RETARD!!!
Who love's orange soda?
loves orange soda ...I do I do I do I do I do o
i'd crawl but ya know..
i can fly
Looks like it's going to be a fun night/morning w/ DDoS attack aftermath.
I love being one of those teenagers that doesn't feel like growing up.
so sorry to hear that!
We can help!
Give us a call.
858.492.1090
shoutout to follow his tweets :
www.scoresluda.com it's just good coffee.
Three Cal points.
Two Cal turnovers.
One missed field goal.
And a partridge in a ...
aw, screw it.
I am trying to convince my mom to plan our beach vaction in Miami, so I have a really good chance of meeting Austin:
There are a lot of dudes here tonight for
MISinformation is not innformation
Childoctorn shouldn't talk to strangers.
Not because strangers are dangerous, but because childoctorn are incapable of meaningful conversations.
: idk what to do anymore.
its killing me.
This is how I feel about my broken ankle while I'm walking in heels right now,lol 
that's great news!
I love photos,Because they never change,even when people in them change.
I love hearing rumors because they tell me things about myself I didn't know before.
understand who you're trying to reach before you build a brand presence on social
let's get weird tonight.
who wants to doctornk?
:
Off to put kids to bed and do some homework for my American Literature class...
lc vday organizer verbally abused her directors...
my heart goes like /3 and then my temper goes like solar.
Those vanmoofs have integrated solar lights on all of their frames.
Awesome.
Nice, functional bikes.
I know.
I've always stretched with tapers but he stretched mine with tunnels  a little thingy that puts it through.
Lumineers, Head  the Heart, Of Monsters  Men
This week, we're excited to feature SCAN programming w/ a political focus.
What's your favorite program or episode that spotlights politics?
ready for them cowgirls to get spanked?
lol
tshirt for the dept.
Also if my paper is any indication top 5: illegible, inscrutible, destabilize, ambivalence, crisis
Headed to tomorrow for okratoopera conference on southernculture.
Excited!
dont leave you have me!!!
I would 3333 ABSOLUTELY 3333 to meet Jennifer and Kristian in Person, and let them both know how INCREDIBLE they ARE!
From the goddamn blacks and hippies ruined everything school of critical thought.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them  John Maxwell
First time not listening to techno while doing homework, it's all about doctorve By  Train np 
Mets add another run and now lead 20.
Mets with 2 runs on 2 hits.
Btewers 0 runs on 4 hits.
I'm so glad you corrected me, with the wrong month.
You genius you!
:
Why do I feel so weird?
Cheap Brushed Nickel Door Knobs: Baldwin 5225.150.ENTR Egg ...
Yes , we are friends  no, I am not mad at you.
lovemywrestlingcoach cwa4life 
Maybe I should just get a tatoo on my hand that says: Milk, AA batterys, Pet Food  Vodka
thanks D!
I just realized how evil a chicken omelette is.
They kill the chicken, chop it up, and cook it inside its own babies.
Yep, I see it now.
Today is Keith Harings birthday.
He would have been 54.
Celebrate his legacy by visiting Keith Haring: 19781982 at the Brooklyn Museum!
hi handsome
Once upon a time, Edisons.
Tonight.
9pm.
TRIVIA!!!
be there.
The end.
:
RT if you love your followers :
Good night Twitterverse.
I give thanks and praise to God.
Say a prayer tonight and welcome God into your life.
thanks baby
this room is donald norman's nightmare
I must remember to thank him later...
How often are you following someone new?
These kids have a bouncy castle.......
Check out our FREE CROWN Moulding offer.We'll install 100 lin feet of crown when you have misterD's paint your home.
Call for a free estimate !
sxsw Anthony Bourdain Visited Franklin's BBQ this morning and says Fuckin Unbelievable!
remember in freshman year I thought u were the girl that had all those hives in my math class review..
Good morning running shorts, Nike flip flops, and lazy day.
He called me on his cell standing in front of the bike!
I do wonder if there is a stolen bike export industry in NYC.
Not a good day.
Having 6 people try to get the guy you like to ask you out 
don't leave Clearwater without having a Grouper sandwich!
Having the hiccups 
Someone committed suicide next door to where I am.....
I would be freaked out living here too
Life is too precious, don't destroy it.
U gotta give things at least one listen, may've been the greatest song ever recorded though that'd be chalanged by Jack Black
My outift today makes me look like a homeless boy.
Thanks new followers
If some random gurl walks up to you, and asks you to have sex, would you?
If your answers yes, your most likely gonna end up wit an STD.
:/
you in love DDawg??
Ah!!!!!
2 sentences instead of 50 then pause for reply.
I would if I could.
Reason 236 I miss the south.
When stuck at home I don't want to be here?!
WTF?
Wii, movie, eat!?
What should I do w myself :
why is my heart racing?
I actually know who Nurse Rached is because I'm old
Shout out to our new followers!
they can, yet it is almost impossible to stay subjective if you were the one that recorded it.
You become attached to much.
If someones posts interests you but you don't know what to comment or are just too tired, at least click like.
It's polite!

no followback for me ?
I most likely will be getting a new numb when I get my phone.
I am devising a way to get my contacts back, as well as some new/old ones.
Hmm, enabling VMDirectPath I/O on a host using AutoDeploy is turning out to be a challenge.
I'm pretty sure no amount of rain would cause me to flake on a TNG party.
Day2 maslsc12 today ill Discover the Buzz!
can I get a follow back Zach ??;
could be, I like him.
I'm just saying can't go off college production when a teams offense is triple option
hope you stay well please it appears the song only you hold my heart has come full circle please be well
Oh twins LOL ugh school gets on my nervous ugh lol
Hit my manager ....7089532928 teamtko for the college croud n promo hard.!
am I the only one that gets teary eyed when watching undercoverboss ?
smh
War does not determine who is right  only who is left.
Thanks to all our new followers!!!
aw k
A law library based in Pittsburgh, PA is recruiting for an innovative Library Director.
This experienced Library Director is responsible fo
I think you'll be very pleased with the results, you and your dog will be all the happier!Andoctora R., Dallas, TX
All the complaints should tell you something ,PUT IT BACK
thanks for the great feedback!
Should be a fun campaign.
Dude.
Were gonna see each other even less after summer.
I think i'm moving in with my other grandma.
i love the new zombie song great job.
can't wait to hear the next one.
maybe you and eminem together in a song!
LOL
no you cant
ineffectual  I hate being sick!
And worse  I hate not having someone around I could rely on to take care of me but determined
I can't wait to see you in august in florida again : 3
He looks like Big Sean
May 11th for at
You're in like seventh grade..
Please don't try to give sex advice
I've received six surveys from my institution this week, four of them today.
Too.
much.
assessment.
that's my big sister and she is married sorry
Do you have a link?
Sounds like something I'd like.
Couldn't find any info on your website about seattle.
Will you be in PDX at all?
please respond.
sorry ill edxplain everything monday
my advice as a marketer for MANY basketball players, consider your audience.
Think about the coaches and agents who will hear it.
pretty sure i can do one of those.
Hint: Mike doesn't allow for an extension.
I'll get on it today Taxesshmaxes.
Be in relationship only to add value not just to hang around.
Everyone have a good weekend
It's getting real!
: your welcome:
Category 19D winner is also Ted Bronson
Cmon Yo, time to turn it around!
Giving away a 30 page per minute copier to a local charity with a purchase of 3,000.
3037780600
Always a good night with , with all of our spontaneous adventures!
:
: someone is self absorbed kirko !!!
hahahahahahaha that shits funny
Avengers was great!
Shaking fist at 4th Circuit.
Even in my darkest moments, I trust that the Universe is moving on my behalf and that I am being taken care of.
so spanky, my dads all unconfuseded now and i'm going up on friday.
i hope i see you soon beautiful.3
Thanks for the GC recommendations.
Nom nom is right!
I  my mobwives!!
2 months til I'm back in nyc.
Can't wait!!!!
Experiment with new code, new patterns, new tools
thank you!
Whoa, , I'm thrilled as well but isn't this type of celebration saved for series ending OT goals, not early round 21 series!?
Birthday tomorrow!
:
thanks.
I try to be.
Everyone deserves someone nice even hitler had friends
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :'
what the hell is a jedi buzz anyway?
I stopped dying my hair in May.
What makes me laugh is that 99 of 100 people have asked me why I started dying it blonde.
Happy New Year everyone!
Stay safe and have a wonderful evening.
I missed Weeks almost being hurt and then not being hurt.
I missed a walkoff.
I missed 4 innings of exciting baseball.
thefeelingwhen u grab the weight knowing that shit is heavy, muscles tense, anticipation grows  u own the lift, feeling growth  success!
OMG on the night shift : What are you doing now?
Ha!
RT : Earthquakes hit Washington, next week hurricanes, after that frogs and locusts, then the worst plague  Congress returns.
no I cannot private message you, because you do not private follow me.
You private jerk.
Ha.
Where's Shonna???...looking forward to hearing something new from you SOON.
Xmas music is playing at
ONE DIRECTION R COMING TO MY CITY!!!!!!
OH MYYYU FREEAKKING GOODNESS
Why do man hit weman?
Just because some men r pigs: .
Though I'm grateful for the blessings of wealth, it hasn't changed who I am.
My feet are still on the ground.
I'm just wearing better shoes.
Hey ppl go follow me if u want 100 followers u got 30 mins time ticking on 50 can win and mention me wen ur done
Texting oomf about oomf lol  they know each other lol.
Not bad stuff though :
Dear Love, you are a 4 letter word...so short...and yet you are so complicated.
AGREE!!!
A7 China's not only classier, it's greener.
Save the planet :
hella yelled at her today.
said something in the end that i regret though.
but shit, i'm sick of what you do to her !!
great iwill definitly be checking it out
There's just that point in time when you get sick of the bullshit.
Long day today.
Getting ready for Strategic Planning session.
I know right?
I seriously think this might be someone who is actually that preppy.
Scary.
Why are you up hahaha I wouldn't be but i have not seen you in forever
so close to 12k:
You showed me........
love like none other
That's cool!
If the devil himself wrote a book, we'd want it in the Library  Edwin Hatfield Anderson, director of NYPL 19131934
Oy  you are so right; we stand corrected.
We clearly didn't have enough coffee before posting this AM!
Rhomboid?
No, rhombus.
Rhomboids don't have straight lines.
i don't sit still well, so i keep tweaking/reinjuring it.
i need to get better at it.
ugh.
at least i'm no longer on crutches!
RT : You're welcome!
Happy to say I got the 1.9 mn listing in rva so I really need you now!
Congrats!
Hooked you up!
There is a lot of snow out there!
Sorels?
Check!
Super long Columbia coat?
Check!
The secret of success is to be like a duck  smooth and unruffled on top, but paddling furiously underneath.
If the Lions or Steelers don't take Decastro, they are such idiots
ur YouTube videos make me lol.
Thanks!
God bless!
Me too!!
LOL RT : I haven't upgraded either I'm too scared lol
Eli is on SNL for another 30 minutes.....
The feeling is mutual!
RT You guys are AWESOME!
Oh its so cool :
ohh what did he do this time?
Okay, who turned all the lights out in the Hollywood Heights?
DWP Flick a switch!
Explosives duct taped to my spine, nothings gonna change my mind.
These are lyrics, no I am not blowing up anything.
it was good to see at my job the other day :
Molly am I in?
Looking forward to form based code orientation beginning  2
Damn, middle school doctorma !
Forced to choose, however, he did say that Little Bucharest Bistro was better than Nelly's Saloon.
Little Bucharest has my seal of approval.
RT   I'm going to have my friends back no matter if they're wrong or right.
That's just loyalty
Watching family guy reruns at home...
Again.
Love Left To Lose  Sons Of Sylvia
Does that ever actually happen?
:
Hey, I'm doing that too!
iBand Live!
The Highlands In Hollywood, 10:30 PM PST, Tonight only on www.iBand.me
Jimmy McCulloch died on this day in 1979 of a heroin overdose.
He was the lead guitarist for Wings.
Found old love letters today between pages of 1st doctorft of my novel.
My heart still leapt.
Wow.
I want that romance again
We standardized most campus names to be formatted that way for launch.
Can possibly change in coming weeks  hope that's ok!
no problem!
Xo
Now tha im talking to him it just hit me, things are never gunna be the way they used to be..
Apparently nobody told Komen that you should NOT make the Internet mad.
The Internet is vicious.
It has pitchforks.
Welcome!
: We just sent you a mail with a cool opportunity!
Things that are done for attention
Finally walking to my car.
Smh.
if u cant be ironman u can always be antman
thank you for the RT
Day 2 of Rick Kern's workshop on text, literacy, context and recontextualization in L2 teaching!
Starting strong with Vygotsky and McLuhan.
maang users we will keep you posted here re.
status.
Apologies for the inconvenience!
I love my life!!
thats cool I prolly wont do much 4 mine
Happy Friday the 13th 
Did u hear about the kid in stewartville.........
Screw the fly
I'll give you a full report!
HAHA THAT WAS TOO FUNNY.
MY MOM IS HILAAAAAR
Ahah disney jams!!
At Qualcomm, mobile learning is blended with F2F learning.
An integrated learning approach.
Will this ethics paper ever be over?
I just want to be free of it!
Be known by the love you live by.
My kid is going to have more manners than damn near all of you fuckers.
WHAT ITS WORTH FOR IF ITS NOT WORTH NOTHING
I have never listened to Emarosa much .
Another day going smoothly.
Many miles to go with my new art project.
I just doctorad going back to work after such a nice vacation.
Ron Paul flooding Youtube with ads
Kent County Council backs plans for a grammar school to expand onto a new site  the first major expansion of a ..
The last 4 volumes are translated and published one by one  may God grant that it won't be too long!
Yeah, im really happy for him and he's doing this all for us3
cute.
I have a shih tzu it's kinda similar.
And I do lol.
2 n half weeks
Heading out from Seoul, today.
Back to Tokyo for one more meeting with  last leg of Asian adventure
I'm just surprised that M:I 4 beat out Sherlock!
Good morning to you Ms.
Alley.
Stopping by to say hello and to send best wishes for a great week.
Take care and stay gorgeous.
'This isn't right,' say kin of man killed by Meriden police  Meriden RecordJournal
Atomic control over traffic sources will be the next big thing in searchsyndication  get the most out of net ad campaigns!
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise
I suppose the fact that today's last price was 10117 should be taken as a win on the day.
Oh, was that Joe Wilson?
I didn't recognize him without his hood
double basses and changes in humidity are NOT friends!
This depends on the condition of your base hair and the color you have used.
The Blair Witch Project.
Terrible ending.
Haha I just posted my very first tweet!
:
hey big brother how are you?
Hope all is well just wanted to check in on you
good thing im not tired..or else i would fall asleep in front of my computer..
haha so not cool!?:0 haha lol naw I like my dadys bosses son!: but we might get into it over my deddys truck.we both want it!
don't know what this is about but I LIKE it!
At Le Exotique Sushi Bar 505 Water St CRP TX w/DJ Yos
Last night my new niece, Caryson Alyse Warner, was born.
IdFangirlIfJustin ...
I already fangirl over everything he does So...
; 3'
I really need ya help big brotha.
Holla  GOD bless

IS YOU HOME
Had the same issue here with test devices.
Why cant we do this in Xcode again?
dear faculty: if you even slightly think that you could be violating copyright law, you probably are.
Fine, tonight I will work on Illustrator first.
:
Loving Happy Pills!
The new album is about to be so good
MyThoughtsAtSchool Im hungry is it lunch time yet!
wrong I'm a baby musiq son
Congratulations!!!!!!
You're in the history books now!!!
well, to be fair, you may not be welcome here after your last showing.
We don't wanna add to your CD collection again.
Being with him all night  3
Phone just informed me that a very important day is approaching.
How embarassing if I missed it.
Whats everyone's plan for GroundHogDay?
oh Tay getting It in;
re: Jack DeJohnette  Newport...wow.
Those were the days!
Fortune favors the bold, my friend.
Also, the real estate market is shit.
So we're here til that changes, only now w/ 100 more rent.
aw Baylee.
You're too funny!
nice!
Do they serve wine?
Ha!
Empathy is the most underrated and undervalued leadership gift  David Sanders
Just saw the cutest kitty ever!
I want it!
Howard becomes intimidated after meeting Bernadette's ex boyfriend!
Tune in at 6:30 to meet him!
sounds good shit we bout to get real stupid lol
I second that.
RT Appreciate the suggestions on Mind Maps
It strains credulity that there were no Grays in Cabin in the Woods.
I love listening to Michael and his sister nerdle talk.
No idea what any of it means but it's cute :
skinnys and vans to hockey dont forget..
Voice from crowd: IA may want to take on the question of the role of trustees and the univ donors.
How are they brought on board?
awesome, congrats!
Yaay for May!
true friends cry together,fight together,always there 4 each other,walk through parts of unwanted together that's how true friends operate
we'll definitely need to meet up and celebrate once you submit it!
are we done?
cool app today!
So, if you help find the best things in your neighborhod, we assume that would mean EcoClean too, yes?
:
Perfect Picture, And Name, And Backround...Haha Triple Threat!
I can't even remember the last time we got 2 pp goals in a game let alone the same period
z snort z
what is considered rich?
Thanks!
Haha, I'd rather be in El Paso heat than humidty and heat :P but don't cut it too short.!
:O
Are you still here?
honestly, Felix is better with a 12 run lead or none at all.
needs to put her phone away in class.
Yes, it slipped my mind, ok, Good Night, sleep well.
take me with you!
It's hard to be in the world but not of it.
That's why it's critical to have a genuine relationship w/Christ, not a religion.
Skipping a workout to have some of mom's cooking?!
I think so!
Lol
Anyone else notice the banner, box and video ads within your Facebook timeline pages?
Awkward conversations about bananas .
Celebrating the best mother: the wife to my three childoctorn!
i can start for the browns lol.
So apparentlly I'm subtweeting ..first of all anything that I've said has nothing to do with dat situation ...so yea your CAUGHT
really?!
Well I will be there Sunday during the middle service!
I've been good!
Wbu?
Headed to Kansas City this morning.
Just a quick trip, but excited to see my friends and family :
Is it for a McGraw Hill Program?
I filled out the online survey.
RT : If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it.
Go out and get busy.
Dale Carnegie
i'm ready to go right now!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms Las vegas for PlayboyMoonghostbar coming to party tonight!Text with how many people coming
Shoutout to a mahomie!
Who wants?
This time I'm really going to go off, fireworks.
Oh whatever you love me :PP
Started reading The Making of Psycho.
Grabs you from the first chapter and doesn't let go.
Lots of Hitchcock insights and myth busting.
Just rode 28 miles getting ready for the CP ride in August!
Windy day head wind of 15 miles an hour!
Felt great on the way back!!
Nice!
How/where?
Do you enjoy avoiding me ???
Good!
That makes two of us singing that darn song all morning!
My coworkers probably want to kick me out of the studio!
:o
After 1 use w/one of my Ped.
Pals,..your hooked!!
Trust me, your hooked!
But a great way to be honestly hooked
hahaha!
I'm expecting big things.
I'd be my first one.
hey Albert, i got some good shots of you tonight!
If you want i can send you my link so you can check them out, after i edit.
it's stories like those that makes me glad I have a 20 year old son, though he's been known to scream for cupcakes too :
I do not like DWade he's ah bitch everytime they losing he wanna play dirty bitch ass dude play ball
bitch, you love me.
I get so dirty at work...in more than one way.
Ahaha
Got talked to about my doctorss ay work today.
I hope you're wrong.
Nothing against XF, but SYTYCD brings true talent to TV.
XF, AI, etc..
talent I could see in a Karaoke bar.
Thanks !!
Sounds like you are enjoying our app!!
If so, keep shouting out
Repellen and I hangin' in my office
that baby is going to be wearing cloth diapers!
I need a shower
WHY is relationship modeling using Crow's Foot notation so god damn complicated in Visio 2010?!
Bands  indie artists start making more  at the merch table!
We can help.
It's what we do.
Bundle tshirts with your CDs.
i believe you are referring to !!
SAVE THE DATE rochester ROC : 12/18...
details to follow, food is involved
Nope!
Great coverage, feels wonderful, no breakouts, stays on all day with maybe one touchup.
Thanks to all who came out to our Bike Month Kickoff Event this morning at Civic Center Plaza...a great event!
Happy Bike Month 2012!
Okay Ma'am .
Vernon D.
is doing DC proud.
Broadcasting in our new doctorve time slot 45pm cst on 990am in New Orleans and www.WGSO.com.
tune in as we preview the game of the century!
Is it just me, or does the new Facebook timeline look a lot like the old MySpace page?
Heather are you watching the game
I'm graduating soon and want 2 invest.
I have student loans.
What is your best advice for a new graduate?
You are so hot.
AAPL just broke 550, or 10 above its astonishing 500 only a month ago.
Cautionary tale: unless you find ways to structure a big xaaS deal appropriately, a single large customer can hobble a company
did you make poor jeff come help you paint the Tech Room :
10ThingsIFindAttractive braces, making me laugh, bieber hair, smelling good, and more:
OMG!
Thats a long day!
All the overly helpful librarians are in one room asking each other how can I support DH?
No users here to answer...
dude stop febrrezing the pot dude I ripped ass it's fine
Txt my iPod my phones off
Ever feel like your body and mind are telling you that you need more in your life than what you are currently given?
I need adventure, now.
You're welcome, indeed this rollercoaster has a lot of succes :
least somebody feelin me...lmao yes!!
ad next to child brain injury story is about where to find head injury!
In da works!
Had a great exec meeting for Just wait to see what we have in store for this next semester...
so excited!!!
Happy New iPhone Day everyone!
yes!
Verizon said so, I'm getting it this weekend!
Nana Adjoa Mensah Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Teacher: Why are you late?
Student: I'm late?
Teacher: You just missed an entire period..
Student: Are you telling me I'm pregnant?
Retweet if your business has a CustomerLoyalty program.
The world has been through tremendous problems and upheavals, there is no problem that cannot be solved.
Calls for persistence and tenacity.
hmm how are you?
That's an awesome deal!
I just started buying whole beef tenderloins and butchering them at home.
Excellent value.
New Company PsychiatristSites Launches, Delivering professorssional Website Design, Internet Marketing and Free Webinars ...
At press conference to announce naming of 16 yr old, Pittsford native, FREESTYLE AERIALIST JONATHON LILLIS TO U.S.
SKI TEAM!
I know I shouldn't complain, but we are now on 6 hours of waiting.
Insane!
I am super sick, and gave the seats away...
Did nobody show up??
GOP Council of State candidates or their supporters: give me 140 characters on why I should vote for you.
No cliches.
Congrats!
Can't wait to see you locking down AFC East WRs.
loving that my former students from 2008 EDU519 are tweeting at tfa20 fantastic!
hope you're doing well!
Ed Hocculli is the best at explaining the peneltieswhat a fuckin lawyer he is
BestPartOfBeingABelieberIs everything about it is the best part.Thank u for teaching me to doctoram big,never say neverbelieve.
I have a small circle of friends...everybody else are just social contacts
I freaking love you.
Like seriously .
Your the deffinition of perfection.
deep breathe Feeling more like home now :
I'm getting ready for the Jason Wu, Brizo  Architectural Digest event tonight at Industria Superstudios.
RT : If you have a staff, you are someone's boss.
They want you to be the boss.
Embrace it, live up to it.
thatcamp
just gave me gres savarin with papaya.
Yum!
Damnit, we keep getting hit with grenades...
Haha
very true, 1/16 true Capricorn, I see your doing your research
Now that football season is over, baseball hasn't started yet and I hate basketball, all I have left is these guys
ff to our unBlurred partners, see you tonight on Penn Ave: Shannon Merenstein and
You know..
your face is slightly demonic
RT : With banks short on business loans, consider deferring your debt or restructuring.
Biz Debt Relief!
800 4031021 x401
Money over bitches two times for the
ok  I sent out an email to ur new email we set up just so u know our addoctorsses : thanks again for your help
Some are better than others w/r/t addoctorssing research as ongoing  complicated.
I encourage recognition of our ignorance.
You couldn't shrink that shirt if you got it?
The site says it's 100 cotton.
I knew u would like it when I saw it.
: lol
JESUS CHRIST THAT'S ENOUGH ELLEN
Matt Barkley announcing  4 PM today whether he intends to stay or go..
If he stays, it could change the entire complexity of the doctorft
come at me bro
My twifey.
I had to divorce her .
May the christians forever endure their persecution / tax exemption / 77 majority in America / 300 year free reign to author all laws
count on me by bruno mars :
My trifecta for the Ky.
Derby: Dullahan to win, followed by I'll Have Another and then Daddy Nose Best.
Can someone explain to me
ha ha I don't playy you feel me..!
im following u xD follow back ?
:
we're so glad to have you!
yes you are .
My cat just ran across the house to my dog, tackled her, then ran all the way back in a matter of about 5 seconds.
Uh, well okay then.
Thanks, friends!
They went well :
Ever had the person in ur corner disappear
That's sounds good.
Thanks!
Should you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a brilliant person you might have been.
Can you give me a hint as to what you will be doing now that your old gig is over?
he was in a farm but still quite a sight
no problem your good to catch up with the girls i watch 10 episodes everday!
I am guessing that you were in the same situation as me for paper 3.
This years exams suck!!!
Just noticed and aren't following me.
Et tu, Brute?
Who is growing a gnarly beard for No Shave November?
Q:FOR LOVERBOI DO YOU HAVE A GIRLFRIEND?
A: If i tell you what difference would it make lol....
Deeze ppl tryin to get over on me can't believe it
Ron McCabe  McMillan Library talks about lib budget strategy today in Rapids
Oh yes, Happy Irish Day!
I dislike St.
Patrick personally but I take any opportunity to celebrate my people.
Im Not A Girl , But Not Yett A Woman , 
nice eyebrows, hoe.
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it
Roommate and I always battle over the window...20 more days living with this craziness.
STRONG people survive, weak people quit.
Dart doesn't have non local returns because Javascript doesn't, and they compile to javascript where there's no direct Dart support....
that looks so good
Oh that sounds delicious.
I haven't had a great pie in awhile.
Cool!
GFI!
: the global classroom memento project ...
we could have one swing past your office if you like ...
Forgive and forget soon, pain is only temporary
what's wrong????
The 2 inch layer of hair spray is from the one and only
have the best time today!
AnheuserBusch InBev is selling its theme parks, including SeaWorld and Busch Gardens, to private equity firm Blackstone Group
I see myself as sexy.
If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
Aaliyah
What a fucking day : don't know how much more stress and aggravation i can take
you're the best, I won't do anything that is too much
MeFact : I think is lik Gorgeous.
:
Thanks for sharing this, Matthew.
Great post!
cool but, I'm not sure if I'll still be up.
That's about y bedtime lol
follow me!!
please ?
please?
please?
please!?
:D
Revolutionary Cleaning Proves Time And Again Why We Are The First Name In Disinfecting Services And Carpet Cleaning In Lauderdale Lakes,
theres also a fine line between clever and cleaver.
clever; smart.
cleaver; what you cut meat with.
just sayin;
It's official: Facebook files IPO
RT SEVTALK101  BACK IN THE DAY I WAS SELLING BEAT CD'S OUT OF THE TRUNK.
I have no idea how I hit the p
Wow Memphis.
Forreal???
How much are you paying these refs?
May have a Tim donaghy again...
Do not let LinkedIn be a copy of your resume  words of wisdom from on DigiMe panel at
What she said RT : May the Fourth be with you.
yea I agree Aaron is an amazing singer I cried so much when he got voted off idol
pls follow me:D
is amazing, quite relentlessly.
:
selling my paintball gun
Getting to campua on Sunday during Spring Break  impossible.
:
RT Stacy Lazos speaking about 's deep breathing app teaching kids how to find their center
You as well :
Wow can u say hello massive snow storm buffalo...ah land of the ice and snow...writing
our hitting was non existent and whod u lose to?
awwwe thanks lol: P u have come to the right person!!
bring it today and ill bring it home and see what i can do about!?

, you are both so beautiful inside and out, never forget it xo
He needs to hurry up and call !
3
so what's on the menu this year?
Or your not cooking
come by at 11pm the Jacksons official VMA after party at D'oR!
my list at the door!
204 west 55th street between 7 ave  broadway;
where you at now ?!
Ahahaha team Blake !!!!!
: is the best :D
Nice to see my old windy city.
you got that right
Thank you to everyone that came and checked out the opening night of our More Discoveries: Inaugural Exhibition, Part II yesterday!
What...
I forgot to mention it was HALF the price of everyone eles!!!
again...
indeed.
We are discussing current rankings, not playoffs.
i hate change.
therefore hate new years.
so sue me.
white flood is pretty good took it with the creatine theymake
awww!
I want your autograph!!!
What would you like me to post?
I work in commercial real estate, passionate about the tech scene, and love Baltimore.
So how can I help?
Who has a dehumidifier I can borrow?
Commencing Operation Eff You Mold...
wondering if the wandering man plans it or just does it...
PSQUARE SPEAKS EXCLUSIVELY TO TRACE URBAN  360Nobs ...
We have overtime!!!
We are honored to have this man's amazing album in stock.
RT : I appreciate the support from Records!!!
will have to plan something for next yr.
KC would've been fun w/ you all!
trouble...
indeed sir, it is.
Pianos, 7PM.
would love to have you there and DEF would love to have you perform next month if possible.
Oh, you say that every Thursday.
And Sunday.
And Tuesday...
And Wednesday........
:
you cant.
we already have a president by default.
Totally possible:
In my discipline, we call those people washouts.
Seriously, you get eight years, and then you're booted.
Guess he couldn't 'Do the Right Thing...'.
Hahaha
aww lol she was just joking.
DID U DO THAT CUNTS HOMEWORK?!
About to visit a school with no library.
I will be the kids' 1st author.
So glad my illustrator will be joining!
I'm enjoying reading this series of blog posts.
The only bad thing is now I'm running out of excuses to write my own book.
glad to be out of school :D how about yourself?
Finalizing my updated resume...
ugh!
But almost done...
yay!
Many thanks to and .
Enjoyed the ride.
Number game!
Dm me numbers
Dear Seattleites with nothing better todo today than destroy other peoples property  may Karma be with you always
Before you came into my life, I missed you SO bad, I missed you SO bad, I missed you SO SO BAD!!!!!!
SoFollowMeMaybe :
This followfriday I recommend my employer , as they've been shamelessly plugging my latest blog post all week.
I guarantee you the Old Miami in Detroit is nothing like South Beach.
In fact, it is the complete opposite!
Check out our Rush Flyer for all of our upcoming Rush Events!
The first one is: HABITAT FOR HUMANITY: Sept 12th, 8AM.
The guy is only a year older than his son, what was he thinking?!?!?
SugarshaneMosley still respect ya tho...
lol IA ill think about it;
dang bro!!
Well ima be at grace until 3:30 tomorrow
on the way to work...
my job takes up too much of my time
my hair is looking very pffffh today..
GI King Henry available today Lincoln Park and Thursday at their Lakeview store.
ill take an extra look at him during 2nd
See you soon!!
I'll do anything to not be in this house everyday.
It was obvious Kentucky was guna win
SAT, AUG 6!!
GROOVE master class w/ Pat Cruz!
Flyer  details to come!
me me me LOL
RT : I don't know what a Severus Snape is.
Alan Richman will always be Hans Gruber.
I dont have your number!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils!
Louis Hector Berlioz
my brother just told me it is illegal to 'tweet'.
Holiday Associates...
Does that mean I have to doctorss up as Santa or a bear or.
'Cause I can do that.
Greet little kids in a bear costume...
Vinegar Tom tonight, Friday, and Saturday at 7:30 pm and Sunday at 2:00 pm!
sounds good.
Let me know when u'd like 2 connect.
I've done that w/ and already.
It was invaluable!

thanks for the follow!
okay done
His black ass neck
956k at last break of the day.
16 left.
Average 409k
too much rain too fast.
my yard is flooded.
the kind that breaks crayons easily...
ok, got it, I can review that part of the rubric with them.
I'm a little bit nervous abt the presentation to our administration
Berkshire's NetJets Names Partners in China Joint Venture  Wall Street Journal
'When you think about it, a lot of things have happened already,' Ennis added.
'That's what history is.' Link via
Thanks for promoting Gatsby!
I'm off to hear speak about PR measurement at the PRSA Orlando breakfast meeting.
So excited!
Tired...but excited!
Marvelous Monday HELLO
dinnerr: i have to miss the rest of austins austream :
Congrats on the caps!
First to speak, James Chapman, Attorney, on conditions in Stateville.
System is designed for 36,000, now holds between 49,00050,000
oh sounds good
Alright.
Pissed off with Blades.
NYC looked cool.
You wanna move here now?
Party on malibu road lots of fun
omg ahahhahaha you spelled my name wrong
God is in control!??
I'M SO CONFUSED
When Gods grace is not on it, it's time to move past it.
Good Morning twitter 
so...when are you flying here?
okay?
What's school have anything to do with it...
Your graduated so what?
DO IT!
I need visitors!!!
so i guess it wouldve helped if i wasnt late lol.
Thanks Mitchie B for being such an amazing producer!
I can't wait to see this single hit next week!
You're the best!
You already know
there much better ;D
had a fun night :
And the cats have not learned their lesson from yesterday.
If you didn't see the wild QPRMan City EPL title decider live, it's on ESPN Classic in 5 minutes.
Thanks for checking out our site.
Have a great weekend.
Im back Arresting clothing Brands.
Who still wearing Ed Hardy....
That brand is over with.
Wish I could take you out for a first day doctornk but I'm not around tonight!
Hopefully later this week or next!
possibly.
Who sets the bar on these things?
I think the fun was in the bickering.
fall is the new summer.
RT : I forgot how awesome it feels to bring a friend to church.
dear blog followers, i've not forgotten about you  my internet connection is just not playing nice right now :
Welcome back from Spring Break!
Summer registration starts today.
Why does the start of this press conference sound like the Academy Awards acceptance for Best Picture...
Agree with you Pat cock eyed it was.
Self serving unions...
don't give a /?
about Ireland or the 430K unemployed.
Where can we find a video of it?
If you haven't seen us, feel free to compare DNS.com for geodns.
Direct requests by country, state or city, worldwide.
Try our API.
75 Cent Flautas  2DosXX  the Goat today!
Just a reminder that we will be closing  3pm for an employee party.
Regular biz hours Monday
Red.
No wait, Green!
Looks like I FLIPFLOPPED!
Were you or Chris at AHCJ12?
I wish I had thought to coordinate a meetup!
Mike Napoli confirmed it.
that's awesome news Chris!
:
Over the past few years, Washington and Pittsburgh have faced off in a tight playoff series and more recently the 2011 Winter Classic
Ryan and I need beer.
Headed to that sketchy stretch of the Strip between Paradise and Tropicana.
Free throws, bench, and in New York!
RT : TheSportsBros where do you guys think the Heat lost the game tonight?
SOO  Question time : !!
if yall could choose would you like to hear my sing  Pop, Country, Hiphop/RB or Rock?
I would enjoy televised sports so much more if you could mute the announcers...
They're next.
Want us both to be there if Bruce calls Friday.
What's your schedule like Fri?
Find couple at the mall holding hands.
Run through them yelling Red Rover!
Is there anywhere I could buy the types of shirts you had on tour?
I didn't get to buy one then and really want to!
:
It'd be a lot cooler if he did.
RT : , Does handle your social media now?
yes!
I am almost as excited as i would be if you told me MySoCalledLife was coming back  Claire Danes playing Angela in her 30s
When your at the dentist
germantown in columbus ohio is so pretty such a nice stroll with after
New phone: Motorola RAZR.
Its pretty sexy and only cost 50 because of mother's day promo.
Woot woot!
Yeah, I have the doctorid, it's going to be hard to work the UnGoogle on that one.
Sigh.
Shooting with in the studio this evening
RT : Dear Goldman Sachs, You're fired.
Best, Kermit
Kentucky :/ you?
all please PLEASE:D
I'm good just living day by day
CALL THEMCREATING LIES ABOUT A CO IS ILLEGAL AND IM SURE THE SEC WOULD LOVE TO READ YOUR THREADS BMSPF
I won't be there either, going to an emergency dentist appointment.
Interview time.
I'd appreciate some luck
: Once you learn how to close your mouth, maybe you can work on those legs..
this applies to my ex roomate!!!
: DOGS!!
RT : who's coming to the SpringGame tomorrow at noon?
I got a dogs blanket waiting 4 u this time 
I hear you play a mean guitar...maybe you can join us on stage at the next show??
Who wants comp tix to Josh Groban tonite ?
1st person to come to Suite 150  Rose Quarter  mentions ErinRQ gets a pair of tixs!
Yeah.
I was rooting for the hillbillies too.
i don't know why I didn't return your follow sooner...
forgot how entertaining you are
thanks for the RT.
I appreciate the time, now get dome sleep.
Unoffically skipping class tomorrow.
I can't handle these late nights.
I dont wanna spend a day sober I wanna feel numb all over
is the only person tweeting this early.
How you doinnnnn;
Rave in North Hollywood sounds like a good idea
BORDERS rewards exclusive offer, thanks.
You beat Amazon.com
Thunder haven't shot well but more concerning is how confused they've looked on offense tonight, especially KD.
Good morning.
Hope you all have a great day.
:
Liverpool all the way
Hey I just met you And this is crazy But here's my number So call me maybe ;
Noble scores a manup goal from Matthews.
Denver and are tied at seven with 9:20 to go in the third.
Not yet  but we are gearing up to start printing private label stuff!
Stay tuned.
No matter where I go I see the same hoe
bow that i have expertly shaped this conversation, what movies are you looking forward to this year, you guys get dif ones in uk?
ok i wrote you back :
RT I was it was some cats from the Rich  Man why you always in the Rich?
I'll call my chop shop see if its there
New video for 'Payphone'...where's ?
lol
A  B workout, my lifestory right now, w/o working arms.
1 slipped disc  1 rot.
cuff issue.
But I'm not sitting down.
I love the sun.
no play for mister grey.
Unless he picks up a pimped out Rolls Royce, he's rejected!
In the stands, someone please explain to me why the clock wasn't stopped.
Eff that.
lmao im not mad, maybe he is lol : Im just saying the braids have to GO, LMAO
Hey I'm getting my hair done yay!
elona
Pretty pumped that my Flying Colors issue has been resolved.
Looking forward to receiving the CD and poster soon!
Baiyok Thai with Michael  Chase.
I think the same asshole who taught my nightmare class is this semester is teaching my mgmt.
class this fall.
RT : Exactly!
MT : No one wants to be friends with a building.
yo...
we don't talk about Unfinished Business
More than anything, wish I could see the super moon tonight....but there are too many clouds.
:/
It's a 3 game series and the have home field advantage once again.
What makes outsourcing available?
Today's rapid changing technology environment and telecommunications infrastructure.
Thank you for the support!
We will have trailers and movie quotes on here soon!
starting to think you might want to do an over/under on the Tigers
Congratulations Elizabeth!
Oh, go ahead and laugh at me.
I deserve it on this one :
School..
ugh
Follow 3 Please!
THEY FOLLOW BACK!
So, you gain a follower if you do; It's a winwin!
RT : Julia could you please show govt ID when you do everything but vote...
proud of my boy today he was the only worthy one of FCC back in the day.
Morning, folks!
What is the ONE thing u plan on getting done today?
Out da house early n da morning just 2 c Avengers: Big kid!!!: blacfritz signing off FrontLin3
RIP Brotha Creig,Grandma Jean and Bonita,All passed in the same week.
Say a prayer themTHANK YOU
nothin coolin how you been love
Very exciting conversation going on Fri with director Julián Zugazagoitia  anh founder Eric Fischl about American people, politics and art
DJ's starting now for night to remember 18th Anniversary Party!
Off to the pool, beautiful day in the desert!!
Gotta get my tan before I head to next week.
Steaks, JRoll, she got U 100 lbs of steak.
Did it come from Cali?
If so, not steaks.
Glad you're going 2 stay a
sounds like a good workout to me.
I've tried spinning, elliptical, etc, but it's hard to top running?
Two hours and a half of actual work :3 I''m still not done, though
I don't think so.
Closest BSU office bldg is .6 miles  people won't walk that far.
They'll walk .25.
hahahaha that sucks
happy national coffee day!!
makes me feel a little better about my coffee addiction.
Always a pleasure Leroy!
RT : Thanks!
What would happen to my job if I gave people a 'window' meeting time?
I'll meet you sometime between 7:15 and 11:15AM.
well..I do like cheerios.
Ps happy Halloween, Tony!!
I'm late but imy to doll Rt : Random memory...
Chili's with and was fun...I miss them
WILL U EVER HAVE A CONCERT IN VEGAS?!?!?!?!:
if I didn't just go for a long elliptical session then I would have
Sexy young couple from audience dancing to postshow Love Boat music on Studio Theatre stage.
Romantic indystage show!
Just realized last full week of high school ever
: It's a Casper kind of night cryfest the only lady who cries watching Casper..ladies and gentlemen i give you Rachel Lemire
Finally!
Thank you mister President
!!!
: That fuck you moment when you start the same sentence like 3 times  that one bitch keeps interrupting you.
goin' to asheville this week.
one of my very favorite southern cities!
When people talk about their friends behind their back ushouldnevertrust them
During the Spring in Tucson, I like to do.....?
Yeah you may be good looking, but you're not a piece of art.
There's this kid at school where whenever I see him I hit on him and act gay, lol he gets so scared c:
Love that!
you should read my paper :
I just wanted to say you are my role model.
Thank you for teaching me to speak my mind.
Coolest July on record in San Diego in years!
Record heat on the East coast.
Is anyone happy?
Tell me your weather stories!
Always wanted to get into hockey.
And now I can proudly say my roommate has made me a Pittsburgh Penguins fan.
omg that's not nice imy
Gordon Lish, Ben Marcus, Gary Lutz.
3way word salad.
Tuesday  Free Pool  10 Buckets.
Come see us!!
Always a possibility of a writein candidateup to two weeks b4 election.
Had impact once.
crusty scabs are so itchy and not very pretty
In the lane of unbridled spirit!
About to take UK over
There's still time to text EASTTOWN to 35350 for a chance to win an ticket from before the winner is chosen  5p.
Hurry!
Pauly D uses the word romantic just like me!
I've never seen that, what's it an ad for?
Something political?
The ONLY person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday!!
thanks!
Let us know if you have any suggestions for future versions!
They did it on purpose.
They know the Packer faithful are still watching to see who we pick,
WHO STOLE ME XBOX.
wtf is UP !
love you too :
so surreal!!!
Looking over election results, I realize how much smaller my ballot is because I'm unaffiliated.
Grr.
nice.
basketball isn't much safer our company had a tournament which ended with a very similar result.
Love the twit giveaway!
RT : Tonight's The Walking Dead has spurred conversation and a man tear on my part.
Love the NFL safety evolution commercial.
Can anybody say...lawsuit pending?
Thanks for the RT!
Woke up to the alarm going off because someone just tried to break in our house.
I need a gun or a man with one!
I am so sorry about the Tornado and horrible weather down there.
Today's BTU inspiration: Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully.
Max Eastman
What exactly does it take to be a pornstar these days?
FF for all things
The Mariners are playing hardball, hitting again and again!
HITTING AGAIN!
Yes she is hahahaha.
I enjoyed it and thought others would too
Thank you.
I'm glad that you both like it.
I should have another brew ready for sampling in a couple weeks.
Wanna talk about it?
RT : Thanks for the gorgeous Cincinnati feature in APR issue!
Love seeing  so many faves!
iPad 3rd Gen available for pickup : My Princess is going to love her Birthday present!
idk i'll let you know:
Horrible Bosses is pretty stupid.
I would say that though, due to the fact that I do not own a penis.
looking forward to seeing you guys and for some sweet holiday tunes
Thankful Thursday: What is something good you have today that you did not have last year at this time?
Be thankful this Thursday!
in vehicle, or on foot?
i need to tlk...holdin shit in done caught up with me
At the Apple store, checking my email  waiting for my shift key to be fixed.
Then, back home to grab stuff to leave for
You should; you took it!
are you coming to the show next Saturday???
The new Facebook sucks!!
Google plus here I come :
love you :
RT : She was so proud of her first egg in the coop she wouldn't stop cackling lol  I miss having chickens!
You are hilarious!
Nah..nahnah!
LOL I'd rather go by myself.
thats always been my secret pervy fantasy.
A Bieber threesome with Juju and Jeremy ; DEAD!
More pix!!!
Awesome!
Lmao, got me ova here crying!!
maybe.
Possibly.
Yes.
STOP!
I want more hahah
I totally love Sherlock!
Benedict Cumberbatch is so cool.
On my way to E3 in Los Angeles this week, lookout for RAGE!
WHO YOU HANG AROUND DETERMINES WHO YOU WILL BECOME.
ASSOCIATION BRINGS ASSIMILATION...
CHECK YOUR INNER CIRCLE!
Oh, no!
I just realized is on the same day of the UCL final!!
How did that happen?
:
Go Madonna!!!!
Goin to The Haven tonight to see doctorpa Stone and Faethm.
I would say someone text me but I only want you to text me.
Can I print out a boarding pass at home b4 my flight?
Couldn't do it with another airline recently.
Thought it was standard.
Thank you :D
Bout time i move on from this phase in my life...
Why do people keep bringing in their Christmas candy?
And why do I keep eating it?
Oh, because I can't resist petit fours.
Don't give up!
I feel the same way, but I'm trying to hang in there.
This is the first thing that has actually bothered me enough that I post something about it.
I know what you meant!
:D
I need to start proof reading my tweets before I tweet them
God loves yawl tho
Moving Sale Office Furniture us at 3179173266 or inbox me for pics or come by our office at 4755 Kingsway doctorve  Indianapolis
yes we do were you in a car accident?
are you free tomorrow night?
John's brother Simon is launching his new fantastic album!
8:00  crane lane you must come!
So this means he's 'raw'?
RT : he gt flow
Boarded Bronx for the weekend.
Totally felt like a parent watching their kid go to school for the first time.
He did NOT want to go.
So sad.
It's not even october yet, and we're already buying Christmas decorations.
We're sad, sad people.
Laying in bed eating a bagel lol
Being flexible  : LOL
You have to choose your family.
We choose you.
Went to Reno and lost a small amount of money.
The weather was great but the car ride thru the Sierras was terrific on a sunny Fall day.
yeah pretty bad especially how he ended it
I mean if you can save now in a tangible way, by all means do tell me, otws spare the cliche as you've pointed out
Limping along with a mostly broken computer.
Wish I could do more this week.
Thanks to all who help!StopRush WarOn Women
I LOVE YOU
Hammerstep and Deoro tearing in up in the studio all this week!
Exhausted but excited for tomorrows Showcase for APAP in NYC
good look fam.
Y'all txt me next time.
N ill def be online.
Good look again
musicmonday DO IT!!
For real?
Sweet!
You live in Portland right?
There is no truth to the rumor that Chase has eliminated Grey Poupon; you just have to ask for it  pinky swear you're against regulators
was this channeled?
lol sorry, I meant hate
support.
: Show must go on!
The Best Show on the Radio !!!
Pitbull, please speak english.
i cant understand you in spanish.
woo hoo more of that 24 hour church!!
:
YES!
: RT You are WAY more than good enough, you are born of stars, you are made of LOVE!
3
He probably won't get it.
RT And his mama cried...
RT :  lives in the ghetto.

Hell ya!
U feeling better?
I miss u like crazy!
The Books To Movies series returns to Gibson Lib today at 1:30!
We will be showing movies based on memoirs.
Call5649261 for title info.
Just text me :
Wait....I was just kidding
Happy Birthday boo!
...glad you enjoyed 
unfortunately, no..not at this time.
Interns are most welcome!
I know frog when I see it!
wish I could bw on ABDC Someone take me there someone omg iconic boyz and 8flavahz!
Well atleast they said that they are not dating!!
Thee Trends are not good RIGHT NOW .
Hopefully that changes !
V100 studio...
listening to the same thing!
:
How many seniors are actually renting at the Seagull June 1st  3rd?
Too bad I'm so down RT this
Hey I will cuss straight out I just don't feel like doing it.
And it was dark outside.
THERE WAS A PEDO WALKING!!!
follow back
The new COD black ops 2 trailer is alittle intense
this one is super hard!!!!
KissKillMarry Princeton, Roc, and Ray!!!
gasp
Iam what the theropists say...a ticking time bomb.
WIDairy press conference with the Wisconsin Governor set to begin.
F Chris Paul in the pick and roll.
There's 24 seconds left.
I'm sure that will play a massive role.
Nice 1.
RT : I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you.
If I had the money/time, I would buy people fans on days like today.
Sf 75.
Time to enjoy this beautiful weather in LA....
Get out the house and walk the dog..let's go!!!
hey!
i packed a box!...i think i deserve a break
Last day in the Kearny Mesa office.
We barely knew ye.
That Ron breezy kid ...or whatever he calls himself!!
About to put in some work at Boone park
That, or my only clean cup in the house
Peter Gelb should be arrested for crimes against opera.
come see me next week after i get paid.
ME :D
Well, you do say it's sometimes maddeningly ignorant.
So maybe it's like a love letter from a husband of 50 yrs?
;
i miss you chad cant wait to see you tonight !!!
Holy crap ahhahaha.
Freedom Makes You Beautiful, One Freedom, and More Than Freedom.
never hate on a independent artist cause u dont know there struggle
Had to be real.
talking with publicists this week.
are you one?
want to talk?
please contact david
Tracy, did you see yourself on my postcard?
The Mets Series in late June.
And going for 3 games in Arizona and after that to Vegas.
Just cataloged a book entitled Death in Early America by Margaret M.
Coffin!
Difference between school  life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test.
In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
RT : If I owned a Starbucks I wouldn't hire black ppl.
If I owned a soul food restaurant I wouldn't hire white ppl.
Umm...
Don't do that!
It's a man!
Lol
Shoutout to Allie M.
from Delaware.
Congrats!
RT : Thanks for a clear head and the ability to touch my toes once more.
seeing grow into the man he is now brings a tear to my eye.
He's finally experienced the world.
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and LEAN not on your own understanding Proverbs 3:5
How absurd are you?
Only those who attempt the absurd...will achieve the impossible.
M.C.
Escher
Thank u 2 all my family and friends 4 showing me love on my born day.
I may not always be right, but my HEART is always in the right place!
Already trying to plan out what I'm going to eat for lunch based on the other stuff I want to do today
if you got players recruithighschool.com free to post highlight tapes and photos make professorle or put your blog link
send the haters all my love, X and O.
I thought this was gonna be a tweet about ice cream
Troops assembled final instructions given assignment completion in sight
If you were talking about San Antonio, or if Dallas was playing like champions, you might have an argument.
those uys are just jealous!
it pisses me off!
Watching Martin lol
wit what shit
duh that's why I tweeted it!
Patience  Perseverance
RT : RT : Bank of America to Mortgage Originators on Buyback Claims: Heads I Win, Tails I Still Win...
Twitter addiction revisited :
I might do wrestling next year!
Who knows?
I feel your pain!
Cream soda AND Cadbury Mini Eggs?
Best night ever.
Incidentally, know anyone else who's interested?
If so, I could ask about putting together a class at some time.
I'm a songwriter  my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILdoctorN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet
HAHA.
life's extremely confusing for me as well!!
we should Skype this weekend about life..
haha
Weave Alert!
Weave Aint All That.
It looks Nice But That Shit Is A Killa it itches to much.
But pick the right color wit yo skin tone.
Waiting to get off of work to go home and see my two favorite people.
I am truly blessed and thank God for everything he has given me.
ugh tell me about it.
I don't even want to move today.
y'all follow my homie He is a dope artist!!!
My childoctorn sang all the way to school this morning.
A better mom would have enjoyed it.
I did not.
We out hea in Louisiana pushing so get yo copy of misterMysta Verbal Finesse Vol 1!!!
Thanks.
I'm trying to grow the likes with an absolute zero budget.
new post coming later today, thanks to a follower for the tip!
Going for a run
Nothing says Christmas like 88 humidity.
Mourjan Marinas IGY partners with Four Seasons Hotel Doha in Qatar
I like icecream too :
I know.
But still fun to watch.
: : do you really wanna see a pats Denver game?
mizztown Pats are gonna beat either them then lose to Texans
blame federal regulations on interchange income.
:/ Banks will all be switching to this soon.
NowFollowing he is handsome ;
How about being materially grateful, and protecting vets from predatory lending and forprofessort colleges?
Someone stop that horse!new page update today!
www.rocketrobinson.com
Chilling at a bbq and I look up on the tv screen and guess what's on Boomerang the part where Martin has on the NewHeritage sweat suit
Project X
Detroit will be roaring when the Red Wings are scoring RyhmeTime RT : Today will be boring, unless there is a bull goring.
Earthquake in northern Anne Arundel County
that's too hot!
78 will be delightful.
I don't care if it's 20 as long as youins make it up here ASAP
I dont know.
It's pretty stupid.
I dont want to tarnish my rep as a paid joke teller.
I feel infatuation.
Pft this early im already ina really bad mood!
HEY ARE YOU COME ON TINYCHAT TO COME ON PLEASE
Happy Mothers Day to the coolest moms on twitter.
well, it could have been Mono maybe :
Didn't c that one coming
Q1  vegetarian stint
Beautiful weather today  Cloudy with a Chance ....Cute movie too!
The Munchkings highly recommend it.
Is that in a tutorial?
favmoviequote VOTE FOR PEdoctor
How to be poised.
Get brilliant.
Feel positive.
Feel lively.
Can you be a City Promoter.
Start Free..
Starting Lois Lowry's The Giver with my 7th graders on Tuesdaylots of great discussion opportunities.
Geoff Lewis is giving some love at Switchfly for getting Top Guest off the ground.
AngelList is gonna change the world!
please follow me  AliciaD23, I'm getting ready to launch this new product and would love your suggestions.
You better!
And bring Kris!
:
One decision may be a deciding factor on the rest of your life.
Done with it forever.
1 more week of school ..where did the year go?
great movie!
I'm right here.
follow She's good people and a HUGE FIU football fan!
Following up, making calls  doing the do.
Thank you as well for keeping homeless vets off the streets.
Holy tits
lmfao shit, I didn't even know guys blushed anymore.
But hey, it feels nice to make a cutie like you blush for a second ; lol
Thank you so much for the beautiful message!!!!!
I so appreciate it!
Simple way to support Texas Parks and Wildlife: donate  when you register your vehicle.
I didn't know it was listed.
I'll have to look for it.
Thanks for the heads up.
We're testing HDMI cables for performance and pricing.
That's right, pretty soon we'll shed some light on some good information.
no!!!
I had NO IDEA!
My office has 23 employees.
Mostly event planners who are great at efficiency.
Yet, same Jimmy John's guy has delivered 3 times today.
...it's always r pleasure!!
JazzWord: It bugs me when people try to analyze jazz as an intellectual theorem.
It's not.
It's feelingBill Evans.
'NufSed.
have some Bojangles for me!!
Be careful with your words.
Once they're said, they can only be forgiven not forgotten.
75 days until graduation!
suck my cokiness lick my persuassion!!!!!!!
Beauty will save the world!
Both are lame  but even worse are people who pronounce nuclear as nookyalur.
ON SOME REAL REAL..
WHITE LIES ARE STILL LIES U HEAR THAT WOMEN?!
Let's sweep the series today.
Harry reid should be recalled and not scott walker ladies and gentlemen  thompson
Sounds like a nice Saturday to me.
RT : doctornking.
Writing about UFOs, spirits, beasts and miracles.
h/t for the tip on this mw2011 paper on citizen science/history.
great follow on themes from
game time tomorrow, lets get it UD
: says...
what do all the hookers do when it rains?
I think they take the night off...
LOLz
My hair is starting to get wavy udshzxmszsxn i wanna curl it like Black Widow in Iron Man 2 since it's long now
Haven't actually watched it, but from the screenshots it looks like Santorum's new ad look like it involves a foamy brown substance
Mars Attacks
glad to be connected on Twitter!
Excellent!
And naturally, I replied to yr tweet before I read the post in full.
The way of Twitter.
:
ib does nothing but upset my tummy and nothing for my migraines.
I have a pill box like a 85 yr old for migraines.
bounce bounce
Last chance to see 'North by Northwest' by the great Hitchcock today at 3pm.
Want to put a little dazzle in your summer dining?
Try our delicious Pear Salad or TurkeyChutney Burger in
cannot wait for tomorrow and for you to finally be the Redskins starting QB
So moved by everything!
Dustin your our hero, and will never be forgotten!Thank you for fighting for us!RIPDustinGross WelcomeHome 
Dance, dance, otherwise we are lost.
Jen from San Diego here.
Ditched the corp/agency life 8 years ago.
Hope everyone's having a great week.
Gorgeous!
Where are you guys?
I might just workout tonight..
Hm
my first tweet was referencing your personal site.
Great program you have We would apply if we were closer!
lmao shut up xD I can even open up my mouth all the way :c I can't lay down to sleep either ..
I have to sleep sitting up.
Stuck in Denver one more time.
Thanks United.
This year we are walking for fetal stroke and childoctorn's hunger.
Half way on 107 mile journey.
hey I'm in Zimmerman and the service sucks down here.
so tweet me when you find out
But...but...but...IT CAN'T BE OVER.
your twitter background?
i volunteer as tribute!
....In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.
John 16:33
Starting to get geared up for the Sept.
17th show with HuDost!!!
why cant it smell like roses?
sounds cool!
it's easy.
Just enter meded once and sign into Twitter at top of Tweetchat page at 9 pm Thurs  fasten seatbelt
Free generaladmission tickets for childoctorn 12 and younger when accompanied by a paid adult at the Summit Racing NHRA Southern Nationals
not sure on end time.....
like 11 i'd say?!
we're headlining the live music bit but if u wanna stay on and pardee theres djs after
I do what I want
HEY BABES!!
:D
Hope it went well and you have a beautiful room!
This team has soul.
Tacky, but not surprising.
America has been making a buck on disaster for a decade with those magnet ribbons on cars.
And FLAGS!
Didn't sleep AT ALL last night.
I was very busy trying to keep all the planets aligned.
Someone has to.
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of ages may be preserved by quotation.
Benjamin Disraeli
Woo hooo, we got another grant for the project!
Life is an adventure in forgiveness
doctornks in the air like i dont give a fuuck.
We will be closed Sunday Dec 18, Mon Dec 19 for dinner, Wed Dec 21 for dinner.
Sat/Sun Dec 2425
Thanks Stacy!
How's Tahoe?
Right.
I remember your Facebook catastrophe.
Links I have to follow...
Such great times tonight with new friends  grizzelmann
Hi Jessica!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
My teacher told me in the future when I'm married...never to tell another women my business.
Follow to find out more about their future involvement with !
And what has to say about them!
Someone will always be prettier.
Someone will always be smarter.
Someone will always be younger.
But they will never be you...
:
hope you're coming over...
You're on my list of folks to say howdy to!
And it was worth it, right?
:
If you're headed to see the take on the , look for Red Trolley and Tower 10 IPA on tap.
12 hour shift, killer happy hour, headed home
I wonder how long til someone beats our galage score at doctorpalcon ?
Word of the week: Peshat the literal, obvious meaning scholars give to a Jewish text...in contrast to derash, the symbolic interpretation.
happens to me all the time.
When a waitress asks if Id like to hear about the specials, I politely explain that talking about retarded people ruins my appetite
Let's get HousingForAll trending in DC!
RT, mention, repeat
the pics really shows his happiness!
great job!
Well, now we're Falked : Falk announces she will run against Walker in recall race
working on a friday night.
can't imagine being anywhere else but here .
So nobody is willing to stay in the hot tub steam room and sauna with me they say its to hot What?
Cubs Kerry Wood retiring : Sad day for Chicago and MLB in general.
A class act.
We'll always love you Woody!
3
Come on ; lets get MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE trending 
PBR is default
City wat the Hell!!
: Attention Blackhawk and Sabre fans.
Would you do a Ryan Miller for Patrick Kane trade?
YES, BLACKHAWKS WON'T THOUGH
The best I'll be for now is amazing for a minute.
mobile app twitpitch, good idea...where'd you get it?
You know: Not even entirely reasonable.
Just more reasonable.
RT: : I am thinking about changing my twitter name suggestions please
Any chance you were able to whip up a doctorco vuvuzela graphic?
I will shower you with extra stickers come november!
:
., ,  to hold press stakeout at Noon at Will Rogers s/o on STOCK Act
That awkward moment when I text saying I love you and she asks if it was meant for John gallo.
We need Roy Schneider and a great white shark on the freeway, pronto.
mostinappropriatethingssaid2me you seem like the kind of girl that would like to watch another man take it from behind
Im finna take off this doctorss..
Just had a class on the importance of social media in social work, trying to figure out Twitter....
Im on bidness .
The only set back is the distance Abby, it doesn't matter that you're a girl :
right on!
I shall call him Squishy, and he shall be mine.
I start POSITIVE, I end POSITIVE.
Twitter is dead right now /:
don't think I've hydoctorted enough for my run tonight...this bottle of root beer should help
FF Style resources that rock 
Anthony do I detect a man crush?
yes there will be video from
Just ran into another friend haven't seen in a while at the bus stop on Minnesota and Pennsylvania.
Ave S
lmaoo bitch ill be coming home after you!!
i can cook :
kelsey and sarah are my favorite laxers!
Set your DVRs!
Western New York Heritage will be on Channel 4's By The People tomorrow morning at 6 AM.
Not to be missed!
aha aw thank u!
I'm beyond confused.
You two have fun.
Shout out to 1996 and Laura Linney in Primal Fear.
Look into it again if you had forgotten
How are you?
We look forward to working with you ?
Great PatioDate/Inventory night NoStorms incentives galore ...WildHair organizing fury!!
It takes 2 to f.ck ...
So instead of checking the other chick you really needa be checking the nigga
Perfect Day for Banana Daiquiri
Pandora on shake !
Finally 
Tip of the day: you dont ever have to go to the doctors if you eat one apple a day.
well said John!!!!
Those were the days.
Watching Little Giants.
what's the next closest venue?
Indy?
We usually only get 2 but were making it our vacation this year.
Sushi Toro.
Champagne Chronicles
I know what you mean, probably not happening soon though :/
Every girl needs a good guy to help her laugh when she thinks she'll never smile again.
90: That is the percentage of doctor visits that may be attributable to stress, according to the American Institute of Stress.
if you love him ALOT you need to do what your heart tells you to do
thanks Dallas!
It's all because you taught me the power of the press release!
the person u wrote that song for!
I ment putting in some work Haha

stop on by.
we look forward to seeing you there.
As Life Goes On You Learn More And More ..
The Real War on Women takes place daily on the unborn girls who are killed in the womb which should be the safest place on the planet
At Childbirth classI learnedAlthough I'm invited 2 labor,wife'll curse , make convincing argument fordivorce,but odds of divorce r low
it is!
You should hear yourself!
And omg!
When you say coffee!!!
:D so cute!
We are entering a postEarth centered future.
The new art will reflect this.
The manifesto is coming!
Yo save your acapella and send it to me with the beat seperately
i dont send out follow fridays  i really go follow new ppl  all new ppl im following now
doctorve was really tight.
Maybe the best movie since Steel Magnolias.
a little while yet...what time can you make it?
I cant find your professorle but rt rt
Emma Stone....
too funny!
thanks for following Troy :
You can do it!
Watching a loved one suffer is the hardest and most painful thing on your heart ...
Dad stay strong and I love you
Here I tweet, broken hearted went Yo the bar and didn't get carded..
Happy birthday to me ......
And a 31 finish to the game continues Prep's slump.
Friday's game against Bishop Eustice is a must win for the Marauders
My man shows me he loves me everyday so Valentines day will be just another day for me.
thank you!
your tweet literally just made me LOL, and I think Bill would pick Elena for sure!
would like to discuss how symbaloo as one of the 7 fantastic social media tools can help PLE development in Sidney.
great advice!
I swear its like u gotta find a Gf from outta town..Smh
: I hope everything is okay hey love yeah good as they going to get
Warm summer nights.
Enjoy them on our Wednesday night league.
Registration ends in 1 week.
Doooit.
to me, it looks like a great arena, do you see why Deron hates it so much?
Homes like this are why I got into Architecture...
Inspiring!
: Hunter House is very cool!
Hey there.
Did you get my email?
good night twitter : x
My dad bought all the chucky movies :
well you're a daisy if ya' do.
lmaoo mann up
Yes, finishing heartshaped ravioli w/truffles  wine.
Hugs to you both.
Its hella hot /: gonna go swimmin .
R Studio has recovered all of my data which was in broken hdd, it's the hero!!
RT : SO excited about music fest this weekend!
yes!
The complete experience!
go home!
Haha!
EVENT PLANNER MEETUP Coming your way Soon!
Stay tuned!
Been up for too damn long.
My boyfriend needs to get here so I can sleep.
This is totes cuddling weather.
I'm getting to spend the whole morning with my favorite little man!
I love being off today!
that's on my list too :
aight bet.
we finishing that mixtape next week.
so have that shiddd ready
sister!!
I miss you!!
Will I see you in June?!
is getting excited to load the wife and kid into the family truckster and head to Wally World!
Dear acne commercial, no one splashes their face like that...
Sincerely, I'M ALL WET!
followmedylan Please FOLLOW me DYLAN it WOULD mean SO much!
what do you have in mind?
Direct message me or email me.
Let's talk some business.
that's a rock solid poster, tmsk!
Love Life Live Strong!!!!
:  You were right!
Monday's story was even better!
Thanks and the KGWNightTeam.
you're welcome Sean
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN 9JIWOFJWE3RRRR
do you doctoram of Tebow at night?
Get off his Dick you are worse than a groupie
So cool!
I married into the last name  was always told that Kotlarz is common in Polish and means boilermaker.
can I doctorp off at the Waukesha blain's?
Like Zeus/ im bout to zap you wit the fire.
oh..
Totally..
Umm, I knew that!
Cats all the way!
It's always a bonus when you find fries at the bottom of the bag, but you hit the jackpot when you find a chicken nugget down there.
Happy Fathers Day Everyone !!!!
Beautiful day in Scottsdale to kickoff the COOP Think 2010 Conference!
I'll pretend you're in North Korea  : Excited to watch 30 Rock Live show tonight.
Writers and cast skillz on full display.
Let's goo lol
Is it too late to start tomato plants from seeds?
I have a packet and feel the need to smell wet dirt.
love the Pink Grapefruit Perrier.
So refreshing so Miami!
So great being back in the studio.
Hearing all the Spring Break stories was my favorite part.
I met a guy who when I talk to him all I think abt is zoolander ....lmao!!!
Thank you and Tim Gunn for giving us a fantastic oscars Red Carpet broadcast!
We consider several cities.
We will get to you!
TUFF LUV  Jet Lounge tonight...
18, no cover, vinyl giveaway
officially done with classes till the fall  wondering what to do this summer hm 
: I like being high cause it's a better view more enjoyable parties
Contagion Look Decent Doe..
Ima Try  See It
Had an awesome night at the dance!
Just recorded new hit song Conceidit...need feed back
man u must be a victim!
Cuz u gotta guilty conscience!
As she's a 200yearold amnesiac Martian cyborg bounty hunter, her body is super plastic and changeable.
what are you doing tomorrow
Posted Out Creek!
Follow us!
We follow back!
I'm going to be alone forever F M L
My mom didn't like the doctorss.
I WANT TO CRY.
whip it ;
there will definitely be partying involved.
cakeparty!!
and chocolate chip pancakes too : x
I can't wait till opens this 24 hour indoor basketball court !!
Lol
hate when people feel like they can talk to u any kind of way  then turn around  need u...
what do you bet that Randy Moss is thinking and u guys thought I was messed up in the head.
are you still providing pet waste removal services in Indy?
The Personal Essay Writing Workshop was a success!
We had a great turn out, received insightful tips and participated in writing exercises!
just come to AU
I will make sure to.
Very excited!
Xx
YES 1 hour on my trampoline listening to on repeat they're just to good 
And u 2 girls knows which body I am speaking of!!
Can u complete that order?
I will share!!
lol ;D
Never Put Your Trust Into A Human Being, You Setting Yourself Up For Failure.
Recording some new shit for my cd
Pet Peeve of the Day: Don't involve me in your conversations.
Don't throw in my name  expect me to answer right away
I can't decide if I like Julie Andoctorws.
Today is International Literacy Day.
Help spread the word about the importance of literacy.
Kidnapping Cristina one day and keeping her in my closet ;
Not sure how publicly funded elections, absent controls on corporate election spending, helps anything.
We need both.
no.
fuck.
maybe or or remember some lyrics?
help, guys!
oh!
Me encanta anything in Spanglish!
We must understand how the system works before we can take it apart and destroy it.
Corruption in politics is way worse then you imagine!
We're all no one 'til someone thinks that we're someone.
It is!!
Also, I'm learning to knit!
Nothing fancy so far, but now my dish cloths don't end up with holes in them!
she can do it with extern alias fyi
I say get the Macnook...
rock solid computer
Make no mistake, my friend, it takes more than money to make men rich.
A.
P.
Gouthey
I hate when someone u care about ignore u and pretend they hate you even tho u know they love you and there beig mad over a small ass thing
One and the same, my friend!
Could you please please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me,or RT this..Please
XD your welcome.
good girls got to get down with these gangsta .
watching cnbc documentaries is my new favorite hobby
Ben Greenfield: 10 Ways to Keep Your Workouts Exciting
aI take sheet we take a sheet you all take a sheet.
pool time at hotelooo!
...
again :D
ok mines 5405894050
Thank you for the RT!
may i ask what you're working on?
just curious.
hope all is well and good luck with the filming!
Trading your car in to our dealer is usually the most convenient way to go.Get the value for your UsedCars and Free Price Quotes!
just saw your 'this is a mans world' performance.
Straight hypnotizing every time you're up there.
It's crazy.
Not long AIS or BPAX?
Do some DD!
I like how my Starbucks doctornk got more likes than a picture of myself on instagram :/ 
It is a Monumental Monday!
Use the discount code tweet to save on your entry fee.
Sign up at www.monumentalmarathon.com
RT : BREAKING: American official says Osama bin Laden was killed in a mansion close to the Pakistani capital.
I never saw the original but Titanic 2 was the biggest
Power of CATALOGING: Use the data we have to make our systems meet user needs, instead of the other way around.
Steve Abram concerned that he doesn't see librarians speaking out against advertising and commodification of humans online.
Thanks for spreading the news about Jennifer's post Destry!
You really don't have to be a Genius...u just need some special, but common, sense
just watched the pilot of game of thrones.
you have my attention.
yes, the prix fixe was enticing but i'm picky about my beer.
just started tech school bro Wbu?
Hey, TV, guess what?!
Frak movies.
You're the best written stuff out there.
Mom's Day quick power list ideas: Acacia, RitzCarlton, Hacienda del Sol, Congress Hotel, Maynard's Market, Mother's Day FiestaReid Zoo
What an amazing evening  incredible organization.
Thank you Prism awards.
great minds....
Hope all is well in your world!
ur Tweets R so boring, gotta doctorp u immediately !
I'm not saying that we should rely on publishers.
I'm saying that we need to create tools to curate our own metadata.
Any hiking groups in bozeman montana?
Budget projections for dessert tonight, lol
playoff this is like a practice round for the Masters for Phil!
Simon  Garfunkel, Better Than Ezra, Treme Brass Band, great local artists and a lot of time in gospel tent
Hey mama, I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you!
NP Kanye West  Hey Mama on .
Love you mom!
Planning for the last 8 yrs.
I feel very strange.
Hard to believe I won't be a cop anymore and still have a homicide case going.
s/o to all the mommys!
ollie's new friend should arrive in 510 business days!
Baseball players  3
Watching him play COD .....
I really don't know how he does it
Oh I know about it.
Frankly the BSU folks were so rude to me, I opted not to spend my  going.
Love is life.
And if you miss love, you miss life.
A coworker I NEVER talk to thought it would be ok to call out of nowhere and tell me about her sexual escapades she has planned for tonight.
RT : If you're coming to tomorrow at , show up early.
I'm the first presenter at 7pm....
yeah right, as if that hasn't happened to you before!
Holy fuck!
Why the hell did Hurdle call for a bunt there??
can't wait for your visit!!!
lol I have a pic of her rubbing her face with her hands as she moans.
Have you seen it?
X
Just In Case You Didnt Know...
Yes That Last Tweet Was Sarcastic p:
did you hear about HeavyD
why did they kick out thia?
We bring personalized tutoring and academic coaching right to your home.
Atlanta Tutoring
ha why ?
NOW: When will return to twitter man :
If I Die Tomorrow is trending.
o:
Idk he only said he's half Italian Like that's any help 
The best part is they may still go with Davey winning  further agitate people who paid for this instead of switching it.
Check out the Roundtable today as I was a guest with Our host was
do any Pop/RB artists sing live anymore though as of bout 20yrs ago or longer?
news said b4 Beyonce lip syncs even
Should homework be reconceptualized 4 global era?
Who OWNS the challenge  solution of homework?
ikr, really excited to get it, cinematography in that film was amazing, looking forward to the special features
please tweet me or follow me.
Haha : Tweet me on my personal Twitter?
and you can tweet Ciara too if you'd like
isn't it ironic..we ignore those who adore us and adore those who ignore us,hurt those who love us and love those who hurt us??
Red lights mean stop...why is that so hard to understand?
i guess she didn't lolol
Thanks!
It was a great conference.
I hope to come back to Chicago soon when are you coming back to Texas?
hm....
who gonna b my valentine this year???
Association to hold boat race on May 1
I do my best!!
; RT : no thank you for not changing on me even after success
You FordSocial have made my day, YEAR!
Ford is DUE for a top Super Bowl Slot this next year!
so am I oh LOL!
I suspect the Pulitzer Board really wanted to give it to David Foster Wallace, but the Pale King just isn't finished enough.
So no award.
The real moment of success is not the moment apparent to the crowd.
george Bernard Shaw
All by meowself
We had a great JJO concert last night!
Wonderful tribute to Gerry Mulligan with special guest Gary Smulyan!
He left the room and came back in marching clothesthey knew his decision
lol cool story bro...tell it again:
Is it in poor taste to be playing Cyclone during all of these weather warnings?
Too late!
Meetings...
Meetings...
Meetings...
All about call to action buttons, ROI and analytics...
Topics all ad platforms should be talking about.
finally saw a hashtag I like
Thanks for the follow!
Sounds like a nice site check out mine,too.
suzanne.snckhealthy.com
Univ Mich study shows reg oral care can lower diabetesrelated medical care costs more than 10 per year.
BCBS Medical News.
www.closys.com
beal...
More wellrounded player.
Tough as nails
You gotta spend money to make money .
So far, yes :This doctorft is kind of like the Oscars, you kind of know what's going to happen ...
I can't wait to go to sleep.
Fucking graveyard
in the morning  Greyhound
No: but it extends the library's reach to where the people are, rather than expecting them to come to us.
My dog parkored his was onto a chair in our house.
Wow.
People in LA are so creative that they doctorve outside the lines.
this bitch is sleeping 
you're Danzig to me.
do you guys ever actually like Abby?
She is CrAzY!!
Movie recommendation is Jonah Hill in Superbad
It read: 'I never cared much for balls,' I said doctorly.
And I read it with no trace of irony.
Haha I dont think they're going to want to!
I like Alex and the 49ers, but Giants looked very impressive RT : who are you picking next week?
When I say Chris Paul has the ball on a string.....I mean its like literally a string bruh.
Once Again The Deadline To Send In The Pictures Are Till Next Sunday!
: Xx
Too bad the Doctor doesn't seem to like her all that much most of the time...
Kinda like Martha in the new episodes.
I don't try to be perfect .
aw were so cutsieee
Watching passengers try to concoct unimaginable words
srsly, you have a problem.
how bout them knicks?
2days topic??
Do u think the movie think like a man is really how us guys play the game let me know wt sup
Wish I could have made it tonight but had to attend my Communicating Networks and Managing Information class.
I do, however, have a problem with the disjointed philosophy Mills possesses.
Wandy had been fantastic and you pull him???
Won my indoor game and had a good practice with the saints ...very active night!
Agreed
The officiating was so bad I couldn't watch the 2nd half.
And it's the only women's game I've watched all year.
It was a joke.
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
mythoughtsatschool , im hungry.
eating 400 less daily cals of unhealthy food gives a 2 1/2 times higher risk of ab obesity than eating big portions of healthy food
Sexy boy ;
Wow somebody help this man
Yes, the title belt makes you less of a failure, mister Storm.
Nevermind the fact that you look like Buckle from
Haha Just saw snoops dogs 4/20 playlist Advertised on youtube.
can we be best friends
PLEASE send me a text with your names!!
I've lost ALL my contacts and I need friends!!
Dying on April fools would suck.
Who's going to believe it?
RT ChillOrlando to FREE win tickets to this Saturday at Lake Eola Park!
Getting acne on my lobes.
Tori's phone is now black?
since when?!
for fancy, Virago.
For middle price, Ken's.
For cheap, tasty and surly Sam's on Printer's Alley downtown.
I just realized...I'm a Mother Fucker...well, there ya go.
why not hart at first aoki in right...
Ishikawa sucks!
Just finished the whole HungerGames trilogy...
That's why i didn't answer aha.
I won't tell but all right, sounds good ;o
Luther, Rick  Tina, Gerald, Michael, Whitney, Donna...Heaven must be booking one heck of a concert  peacefulrest
LIKE THIS
I beez in the trap.
needs A refill of his medication.don't think that was accidental.He knows very wellthere was a human being next to him LOL
I got a good feeling about the team this year.
Y'all remind me of the 9900' Magic team.
First year of coach Doc Rivers when he coached.
iCloud explained: Things to consider before embracing the cloud
I dont care...
I have been blessed with another day of life surrounded by people who love me!
:
I can't WAIT to go to Florida again this August !3
Can I comb it?
:O
I know I only see my cousin once a year, if that.
But I really hope she's okay..
TY for the shout outs!
i wonder if had something to do with this....
did u get Zacked aka punk'ed ?
hahah
High way bound yay
I can just walk places and doctornk in my back yard :
.
knows what's up!
Celebration of the Chinese New Year at Chows this evening!
yea I was scared to go short now I want shorter lol
: Lol!
How'd your interview go?
I sort of went blank on some questions, but yes!
We definitely got through it:D You're so very
Shout out to the women handlin business in life!
Discovered a great Vietnamese restaurant...little hole in the wall filled with deliciousness!
Saigon Far East on San Pedoctor and Kathryn.
So do you.
Welcome back to the tweeter!
Time for bed followers.
But a quick tip before I go.
Networking: The key to being a successful event planner is knowing people
Esperanza is doin wristbands saturday night to?
Bet.
;
merry christmas carlos i hope u read this and answer or RT me pleaasee !!
:
Having a lazy Sunday, Pondering watching movie Twilight.
Only due to all the hype.
Know nothing about it.
Anyone seen it?
worth it?

Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes  Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes  Real Niggas Hustle For Goals 
Surf Lake Erie
First day as the flow team lead.
Can't wait to see who all that are going to attempt to challenge me.
I merely brought it up twice because it's hilarious to me.
You're a Level 1 Troll.
I'm a pro.
We are looking to outfit your league, organization, or team for 20 to 30 less then what you pay now!!!
Any takers?
RT I've got the next dance is playing on Sirius radio love this song Thank you so much Lori!
Appreciated!
Man Riding Bike from Poland to Pensacola in Memory of Wife
Sure, done!
what's up friend :
Bethel A.M.E.
is jumping for easter!
Handful of beautiful hats!!
Gold, green, yellow.
Mostly worn by older women, is this tradition dying?
koldnature clothing line is absolutely terrible
Beth's Maroon 5 Pack should arrive this week!
I won the prize package but in october.The maroon 5 prize.
I never recieved it
if i was a lot gayer my cover photo on facebook would be a picture for the EW photo spread with Magic Mike cast
ALL NATURAL WEIGHT LOSS.
That's what I'm talkin' about!!!
No more diet pills containing God knows what, DOING God knows what to the...
current status: chsh s which zsh
if there had been internet when i was in law school, i would have never made it out.
time wasting was a lot harder back then
Listenin to eminem is bringin back the memories
Outstanding night with and Thank u 4 backup!
Missed , and story soon!
Safari, your fired!
Firefox, you're now in charge.
I love busy happy days!
Makes the time pass quickly!
what's wrong with being hopeful for the best with rams?
Should we be cynical and curmudgeon all the time?
I'm honestly living my doctoram.
All thanks goes out to My manager Jon, My label Big Machine Records, My crew and writers, and ofcourse my fans
RT : We'll be updating the GOP race tomorrow in a new Crystal Ball video; tweet us your questions  we'll answer some in video
Flat swings FTW!
Is Loving Chicago!
New PacSafe products have arrived!
Thank you dear!!!!
I am so sad the flow chart didn't work....
Informed POTUS that Ron Paul was doctorpping out....President asked me to remind him who that was again...
Again hmm.
I have been resisting the ipad, and I like eink, but maybe it's time to bite the bullet.
I need the power of the Danettes to keep my family safe here in Kansas!
We are in our cellar.
I don't like to stereotype, but 4th graders are really, really, really loud on the bus.
Thrilled to see that you're sharing info on Ed Sikov.
Great teacher  writer, someone is proud to call an alum!
Last day of being a middle schooler.
Gosh, that went fast.
worth watching, keep your friends close...
Sometimes I feel like I'm spiraling down the rabbit hole and there's nothing to slow me down.
immediately behind booth
Just did some jiu jitsu/kickboxing with my DH to get going this morning?
What do you do for activity to charge you up for the day?
The wifi works perfectly everywhere in my house except for one place, my room.
lebron an I justus landed in LA.
Let's go heat
will be real sad if Fringe and The Event get canceled
oh hell yea!!!!!
jus got bak home!
tuned in.
preesh!!!
RT : No starter in MLB history has gone winless in their first 5 starts with an ERA lower than Ryan Dempster currently has.
doctornking some 100 malt
Everyone wants happiness, nobody wants pain, but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
Bacardi Limited is planning to celebrate its 150th birthday by launching a 2,000 limitededition decanter of rare rum.
For the first time in a long time, u really sounded sincere...
Should I believe you..?
have you thought about doing some video blogs?
: Now 79 St Hune.
Exceptional.dang!!
what a sweet night!!
Tell your friends to follow a great source to find out what's going on in the movie scene
This is the best feeling in the world, hearing music so great u r so inspired u dont know where to start!
I'm like a kid in a candy store!
Looking for a close place to workout?
Look no further than !
Formerly known as Aspen Penn Square
JB whiskey is the most horrid thing ever....
Served the first beer at RAR at 9:15 this morning
I emailed CS again right after I tweeted you, I'll let you know what I hear in the morning.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?
;
No doubt.
You wish you were here.
We now have our song It's Ok Up For Sale on reverbnation the link is on the band professorle on the left
Nice!
Have fun!
Studio time is the best
Can't Be Tamed ; I Go Through Guys Like Money Bein Thrown Out Thee Windoww :
Well.
I guess I'm not sleeping tonight.
10 OFF PIERCING SPECIALS TODAY!
come on in and lets give you something pretty!
our artists are currently available for walk ins so stop by!
When me and were like dying on the floor because our stomachs hurt so bad 
Looking for some happy hour action?
Come to TK and catch all the playoff games!
Game 7 for Sabres  Flyers starts in 15 min!!
I did!
ThingsIReallyCantStand when guys make up stupid shit.
tasty treat for a cloudy Monday!
Thanks for coming by!

My shoes?
I knew Fitteds was dead when JayZ start wearing Snapbacks and he Swagger Jacked Chris Breeze.....WTT SMH
gracias!
thank you!
I have a half day on June seventh and an hour on June eighth fuck DUMB
I've come to a terrible conclusion today  chocolate labs do not taste like chocolate
Question of the day: What is your favorite cartoon character?
Accepting donations for annual book sale NOWhard cover, paperback, CDs, DVDs.
Sale starts 10/22/11.
Clear shelves now, restock then!
It's great when your friends post busted photos of you on Facebook even when it's clear that they should be burned.
You need to look within.
Set your personality right.
Just take care of yourself, the world will take care of itself.
that should be a pet peeve for EVERYONE.
Happening NOW: 4professortchat with Kevin Kuzma.
Join the discussion!
Passover at my house used to mean, hey pass that joint over here!
Come to tonight's FREE preview of the Greendale episode of AroundTheCorner with John McGivern at the GreendaleVisitorsCenter at 5:30  7p!
Wow...I mean, you might be a revolutionary but I'm not sure it's because of your age.
:
Christ is Risen!
I wonder if those tech people know lord of the tech world is there?
photoop?
Have you ever felt like God vanished and left you hanging?
I've felt that way toobut He did notHe was there with you!
Just because it's a bad idea doesn't mean it's not an idea.
Hear ye!
Hear ye!
The Chameleon ColdBrew Evolution will be at today from 11am  3pm.
Get out there, San Fran!
Impossible!
RT : Not in the building 30sec and I make a complete FOOL out of myself!
HA!
Bulls 5/1 Playoff Tickets giveaway via RT  follow them by 4p to
Boilermaker on the mound for my
Actually we'll go even more niche than BlackBerry...we'll go with a PlayBook app today!
Well played Michael Bay...
Transformers 3 amazing...
any tips on how to get into the modeling and acting business
play britt!!!
today ended better than I expected 
We will be on w/ tomorrow around 11ish to talk tomorrow's show!
Inkdt now makes skins for acoustic guitars!
NP.
We like your product offering.
Well done.
shush.
You were away and missed it!
And if I didn't already know then it would have been a great treat.
So thank you.
:
Catching up on tv.
Best.
Wrestling.
Wedding.
Ever.
local Chicago is constantly a victim of corporate Chicago, their footprints are everywhere in this town.
raised fist
I'm about 73 confident that our shuttle doctorver was my doctorving instructor...
A woman's doctorss should be like a barbed wire fence: serving its purpose without obstructing the view.
Sophia Loren
Also  people love to go out of their way to mess up the shot of an unguarded camera...
But the sushi there was phenomenal!
:P spellcheck?
Watching any movie I own that has to do with Ireland...
happypaddysday ;
...up 30, now its 32 and you're excited?
I like how Flyers are trying to convince themselves that they're ok.
Pens got the Mo.
I literally had someone do that to me while I was SITTING IN MY CAR.
Better believe I chased them down.
ME AND YOU SETTING IN A HONEYMOON IF I WOKE UP NEXT TO YOU IF I WOKE UP NEXT TO YOU
We'll have a Ph.D.
student visiting tomorrow doing research on early Christian rock.
MUAHAHAHA !!!
how fun was that :
When someone walks out of your life, someone way better walks into it.
The new Time Magazine cover is blowing up my twitter feed.
Wow.
Watching captainin America!!
Yay!!
Promoted tweet just displayed in our feed.
Can't Twitter screen out that kind of garbage if you make it clear you're from milwaukee?
A y'all this nigga gay smh
Belmont is playing in Columbus for the NCAA tourney next weekend.
I will cheer for them!
I'm getting the Tablet phone in 2wks
Hanging at the Black Olive in Rio Rancho  Yummy!
Evan Roth, an AwardWinning Man of Many Tags  New York Times
Hey guys!
You should check out Great clothing brand with great designs for great prices.
Why not buy a shirt or two ;
It is not uncommon, particularly in small breeds, for one or more primary teeth to remain behind
I'm leaving today...
sorry.
Live Healthy!
Don't be afraid to be different by deciding to eat right!
just try it  live it every day!
You only get one life!
LIVE IT!
Nothing but you Lord..
Its a nice day out :
people tell me how much you dont care about haters .
Hey Root...
Reese is pissed.
He's coming after you in season 2.
The momentum of yesterday's Raven's win is getting me through this Monday morning.
Truer have never been tweeted!RT ay: If u stop doctoraming, u stop living.
Well that was a good show we had on new years eve!!!!
Can't wait to play again soon.
18 years of SKC opening day rosters, doctorp the two worst, seed them, and see who wins.
Thx for the
Thanks to for a great day yesterday, we are truly excited about your response!
So excited for World Of Dance!
Gonna be a dope show!!!
Who's going?!
: come hang out with us if u'll be there!
So we're at a red light and I look back to a truck behind us and the guy inside smiled and waved at me.
:
The value of a CFO/COO is measured by looking back at their careers.
The value of a CEO is measured by how far they can see into the future
RT : Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Aldous Huxley
: I'm in one of those moods where I wanna say nice things about everyone I see...
your tweet made me want make you smile!
3
haha yeah this is my other account.
this is my beat page.
i love you 3
Oh , how you please my parents and make me feel silly for five minutes.
Attended the bill signing ceremony today for House Bill 2001, the Parole Bill that was passed early in the session.
Interested in law school?
Meet UM Carey Law's Admissions Officer Jessica Hurtado today from 11am 2pm at Princetons Dillons Gym
Another great birthday, I love my wife!
yah...idk Idk if we r going or not.
Does that change the fact that he was a sex offender who coached players?
MW3 BABY!!!
GAME ON!
Follow via to win a free three day pass to WESTDOC 2010.
Santa Monica, CA.
Sep.
1315, 2010.
Please RT.
I keep trying to convince someone to let me mentor them.
No one's bit yet sigh
Ova Texas AM tonight is easy
Emily Gould at says they've raised over 4000 and 700 books.
And there's a birthday bash on Oct.
9.
nice practice today.
Not knowing scares me...
Getting ready to roll out!
that's right!
Best BBQ in the country is in Syracuse.
Huh?
New Daniel Loeb allegations question whether Yahoo's Scott Thompson actually uses Yahoo Mail, as claimed on resume.
are you going to remove the nonhandmade wedding doctorss you've featured from on your ?
Lots of comments on that post.
I'm curious: If was called Google Capital, would there be an uproar over privacy of financial info?
S4L  ready to work!!
...s/n: now following
Today call your local radio stations and request ft Getting Em RT
should do a twitcam?
i missed it yesterday.
:
Omw home to play MW3!
Yeah!
Celtic fan, huh?
Royals tickets right behind home plate on the last day of school against the Red Sox!
Great TV tonight!
smash and
Pick Me Plz!!!!!
iReally Want That Hoodie And If Win iWill Always Cherish It And Wont Even Let My Mkm Touch It!!
Chasing Gold
Q: Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door?
A: To win the nobell prize.
:/ awee your always so busy, you havnt been on in 11 days
its true.
and i want some ;
what they don't show in the photo is where the man statue is on top of a statue of a hummer, on a stonenew york city.
Sleep is that elusive friend that never calls you back and makes your eyes saggy.
I'm officially not inviting Sleep to my birthday.
Friday Funday????
Who wants to skip work and play?
Marc Majers is getting ready to present Don't Fear The Forward to the 2009 Marketing Sherpa Email Summit in Miami.
we just got ours back today, hope your next!
Thanks for partying with us tonight !
Oh please let me get you addicted.
Please.
wish me luck
Follow our President  VicePresident on twitter!!
Talk about perfect timing!!
Now that would be awesome :
Will do!
You aren't kidding!
RT : braised carnitas hash paired with a devil's kiss sounds heavenly!
OMG!
There is ALWAYS a fight on FirstTake these days.
I want to see Lebron on here next.
Air that laundoctor out!
going to bake some cookies.
then sleep.
wah fuck it yolo.
brb baking
The first edition of Interview/Auditions begin today at 12noon SCB/ WAYN Studios.
Bring current Resume  3 Show Proposals
Ook sweet!
See you then.
listening to music and awesome
Someone once said I a wise man ask question ...
I wise man don't ask question ...
a wise man keeps his damn mouth closed
I need a getaway.
I need to be alone.
I just want to find a place to be myself again.
Thank God!!!
Welcome back London!!!
: Redskins fans your captainin is back!
congrats next stanley cup
EBUS118 FYI...
Twitter class was setup earlier from TX with scheduled tweets on  I'm at Conference with
I always use a windows machine to pick out my fonts.
Whatever looks good on there will look great on apple devices :
Congrats, Bob!
it's so great...
Dub step for days
It's a wondoctorus place, but I don't understand it well enough to say it beats Brooklyn.
Brooklyn is also wondoctorus to me.
live tweeting marge
You're the one
the way you do anything is the way you do everything
One answer: ask what is spirit of current international laws and how do we update it for 21st century?
Not easy; take cyber warfare.
I think the Browns taking an OT in round 2 and trading back in round 3 means they expect a breakout year from
Taking.
A test in gym.
Lol
Thanks for following!
Love finding Covenant churches.
:
Caitlin Flanagan makes me want to both laugh and cry with incredulity.
Has anyone ever been more out of touch?
The only people I need in life are those that really care, Not the ones that use you and treat you unfair.
U TRIPPIN NOW
These kids are annoying
A4: Said last week during sbchat that my wife started to cry after watching the ad...that's impact
The other day I said I couldn't imagine being more unproductive at work,,,I was wrong!!!
Sunday.
Sound check.
Charleston.:D
it was important to let the dead weight cut them selfs off
I'm super excited, but a bit nervous.
Roman ruins, beaches, desert.
It will be great as long as we don't have visa trouble...
Watching tv also trying to relax!
And I know!!!
I miss you too!!!
Using the new milestones on your business's Facebook page lets you show your past  present events.
I think I'm going too makes some Iced coffee fer school tmister .
Im in need of caffeine .
watching hockey and Keeping up with the O's via ?
RT : web filmmakers...
please, don't call your content a webisode!!!
it sounds so bad!!!
not a marketable term.
thanks!
Lol im not even a nuggets fan i just hate the lakers lol
I wouldn't know.
Set my alarm for 7 pm.
Haha.
do alumni give you bobbleheads frequently?
Best sore throat remedy?
Hot tea not helping.
:
Watching Whose Line on YouTube.
Best way to start morning?
I think so.
Yeah, I woke up at 2 PM.
Yes a few Xmas services  jazz trio gigs last and this Friday.
NYE I'll be playing at the Masonic Temple in Eau Claire!
Hahahaha
Absolutely!
Just sent you a DM with his contact info.
My favorite new fake word: RT I wanna discuss something with someone.
But someone is being undiscussionable!
Stupid someone.
Life is short, so u better make the most of every minute, every second, every moment that comes your way.
they say when you're not looking, that's when you'll find....
just got rejected.
Life right!!!!!
Good Morning Twitter Universe!
Los Angeles :
She's still pretty tinyZoe isn't a very big cat.
GOTTA GET THIS SHIT DONE, ya know.
ok so bye bye dahl
MIke Conlin on VIVO: creating a national network of scholars.
Who changes in the middle of class?
Are you serious?
UGH!!!!
Good luck to rgIII good luck this season
And to you!
RT : Happy
nowplaying Hear Me Now
now i gotta tweet just to buy some shoes , maannn fthat
Adele LiveAtRoyalAlbertHall is some of the best live music I've ever heard!
Did 9 miles with today since I had to work yesterday.
Last 1.5 miles were tough but we did it!
no for yoga.
So, tryna stunt on Twitter.
I got you.
Hold my fin!
Hold my fin!
Off is the general direction in which u can fuck!!!
Even the sea accepts raindoctorps....
sole y luna
Like ma bell i got the ill communication
It was actually down the line.
Stopped rolling before Cueto got there.
Ima flirt he a jerk but he aint fuckin wit it, unless the head grade A academic!
Fuck them other bitches haha
Of course!
Glad you're becoming an STC member.
I don't miss that Lubbock wind, but I do miss you and your humor!
Hope all is well.
ah scratch that, putney would be better!
can you make that?
i finish work at 6pm nearby, so anytime from then is gd for me :
It's amazing how you can buy 1.5 TeraByte hard doctorves for only 50 now a days!
Awesome
why does your tv ruin movies!?
leonard.
lol
devilish details RT : Orwell on truth: story always sounds clear enough at a distancenearergetevents the vaguer it becomes
by sheer coincidence, my favorite photographer is having a show in Amsterdam while i will be there!
whodoithankforthis?
Just found albums from Dean Martin, Sinatra, and Elvis in a 3 bin.
While Nickelback's latest album is selling for 17.
Seriously Mankind?
better now ...
I thought u were taking me out ;
my favorite kind of homeless man: old, kind and looks like he has a ton of stories to tell.
Anther weekend, another swim meet
Thanks to for tweeting about us.
much love from Kayuh Bicycles.
Movie Review: Dark Shadows' Johnny Depp Rises With Throwback Laughs Review in a Hurry: After 200 years in a casket, vampire Barnabas Coll
omg you're a pre op she male?
:0
Sad news Guys...
Tartar Control just broke up.
bitch i did i call you nd you ain't answer.
you always sending me to vmail
Golf Shirts and jackets as low as 20.
New doctorvers on sale, start at 149.99 open MF 112
Thanks!
for following us.
We love librarians
Big achievement always occurs in the framework of great expectation.
just rko the damn thing
hey there.
Received!
Had my father in law in town, it's been a busy stretch.
I'll doctorp you a note later today, cool?
Delaysorry
or Nate
wow i hate ruining any chance i have of beind friends with someone
is enjoying Irish Christmas in America.
agh, ipod is restoring..
:/ great.
Are you JENN?
A Jew that Eats Naughty Nachos?
Haha
I have the best friends ever...
My heart is bursting from love!!
The Pogues Black Spade Zip Hoodie
He isnt a SG either.
Dude SUCKS.
Should teachers 'friend' students?
USA TODAY
Toast Music is a goodd song 3 :
wanna hear the good news?
Your plastic gift card works here on Benson
Making meatballs hommie!!!!!!!!!!
That Is WHATS UP!!!!
haha awe!
I really want to hear it too!!!
:
I've been so busy that I haven't tweeted much lately.
Looking forward to checking back in and catching up.
hopeyouhad a great dinner
Careful now, don't want to earn too much street cred in your line of business.
I knew that was you, but I would've felt like a meat head if I sent a text and it wasn't.
What's new?
Seasons over you dog us???
WellersRuleTheWorld its just a matter of time.
I know you guys will go all over the World!
3
Stay tuned to today from 121pm.
We'll be on live to discuss the May 20 festival.
GoPackGo is always in fashion!
All I want is a turkey burger.
Talked to Shorty from Pit Boss !!
He's a really nice man.
:
thanks for letting and I kick it last night.
It was epic.
God speed.

Aww Ali its gonna be okay!
When Mikey isn't there its because he busy.
But I bet he wants to be there for you!
Happy,Sad,or Mad ...
I forgot I brushed my teeth then doctornk lemonade.
iiiiccckk!!
D:
I never liked a man I didn't meet  Dorothy Parker when she met Will Rogers
I'll look it up!
Thanks :
Ever try to figure out how to unfollow a blog from your Google Blogger reading list?
That's 20 minutes I'll never get back.
She is such a good friend........
Yea right
I'll make a UTF8 encoded note of that in my documentbased, nonrelational database stored on a replicated ZFS volume.
All men are created equal.
No matter how hard you try, you can never erase those words.
Harvey Milk
staying positive is good!
Thank you!
: more music soon!
In a week or two!
Need to get back to that AZ party...
We had it crackin in jack rabbits
national tour of Beauty  the beast.
don't give up on him.
lets make that happen!
Go Pack Go!
mwahahah my social studies is stupidd
Happy birthday !:
.../And I know some how some way we all can make it/ I got a little information might as well a go ahead and take it/...
In my house..lol upstairs with da lights off
darknightrises I may have to get excited about this one!
read my last rt of Greeny.
That's what I hate about big media.
They make comments and majority of people blindly believe them ...
Happy Grammy day!
3
killer set!
Back by the bar, cruise out for a high five!
Client Testimonial: FI's trainers make exercising enjoyable all while clients get a great workout as well.
Love the way he make me smile
morning have a great one :
what is up with the lake show right now
I over think situations way too much
Hard work, AVID pay off for Dell Scholar, 17
Question When did pajamas become a fashion statement?
ATL lets get it together!
I want to let you go, but something always pulls me back to you.
With a heavy load and a long journey
and I already have way too much on my plate
Havent decided if im walking by myself today.
I really dont fit in and its awkward..
Thank god for waking me up this morning 
she is correct!
I wear a bib, when I watch him on the show, it is that bad!
Q:thoughts on lincolnvampires?
A:Bleedingheart politician attacks the nation's richest?
Seen it already
Havnt been on hea in so long
RT : A bad idea, well executed, would still not make for a good business!
But is it 20 idea  80 passion?
ELISE HOW'D U GET SO MANY FOLLWERS?!?!?!?!
OHMAHGAWDD!!!
Submitted my application to the USF MBA Program today!
It is so pleasent to watch the green hills
M thin mints.
What he said.
RT : Freedom!
Duh....
It's Friday!
OMG WHO DO I SIT BY
not me haha
IfIwasPresident...well let's be honest, being First Fish of the United States is kind of the same thing...
Id like to give away my iPhone App Self Acupressure Facelift in exchange for Testimonials if you like.
DM me and Ill send promo code
don't worry..this guy  could care less bout Broncos.
teblowing made me want to vomit!
Bronco's fans r soft!
To speak to human resources about your COBRA benefits...
please press 1.
To key your boss's car...
please press 2...
When I'm on vacation here in the States, I can do all kinds of stuff; I can train and keep busy.
Vince McMahon
FEED ME OMFG.
You cool, went to SC; me hot, went to UCLA.
Oil and vinegar.
LOL
I dont came down, Hold Up!
Arthritis, diabetes, nerve  circulatory disorders can show first symptoms in feet.
Foot ailments can be first sign of serious problems.
Why thank you!
yes, I am!
I thought it was just me, so I'm glad someone else is having trouble.
yo i like tha vibe on ya project, thanks for the follow
RT if you have brown eyes
But its all meant in love, ya nasty whoremonger ;
oh so your kind of a big deal huh?
Touring from London to Rome to miami : xo
haha don't hate!!!
Baby That's somethin' that just don't happen twice
Gone Baby Gone was filmed In Dot.
I know because it was filmed on my street.
I saw at Clyde Common last night
Check out all week long  5thamp;Brazos behind
ST LOUIS, WORLD SERIES CHAMPS, BABY 3
Jokes4Miles: Fighting Cancer With Humor
I'm ok I guess.
I still think this is a pretty good team.
Just not a good team at the moment.
i just preordered my copy of sweetdesigns whoo hooo so excited for this mom to take charge in the kitchen!
my pleasure!
thanks for the RT!
Definitely cleared my entire plate..
Thank you so much.
A lovely start to my week!
Jill, great to meet you!
Hope you have a great time learning and talking WordPress.
the full faith and credit of the United States Government  HAHAHAHA!
Now, THAT's funny...
Learn to play.
I've never played an instrument.
So probably read and some theory.
Better late than never.
Shes as stunning as a phaser set on stun, yeah ...
I'm bouta go jog 5miles :
that's good to know!
Trying to watch soccer on Fox.
Just can't get into it.
Good win Denver!!!!
Anyone got any good reading suggestions on Data sanitization?
Let's see how many volunteers I can get to go out  and read w/ childoctorn on a Fri morning...March 2.
Hello!
Thanks for the great info.
Keep it up.
Sleeping on the bus to Hilo....
Most definitely
I don't know man, but I think is in love
put that hyena in freakahn zoo.
Iaght bro, does it have to be gospel?
Last 2 tweets from me were hacks, please forgive me if this has caused you any inconvienience I think I have regained control of the ship
winner gets crowned Cheat Baby Of The Year
Time to grab me some Coffee!!!!
Rep on floor: Nondiscretionary funding is things like HeadStart, funding for ed, and med research
To all Ultras Please bring small grocery plastic bags with you to lot 13 for the confetti.
Thanks
John Duthie leaves his position with the EPT having grown beyond what many could have expected
watching face off now.
Love this show.
Your future husband is HAWT btw
I love twitter networking make sure y'all follow
ooh that's rough!!!
Don't think I could go too long without my phone
in school.
I kid you not.
Why don't make one of your videos there er something??
: :
What if I don't want to start the week great?
what time is your panel tomorrow?
I don't think it makes much of a difference to your HootSuite experience.
;
Too Too Funny!!!
I need an acoustic guitar so I can play something !!!
Avengers tickets bought!
Just finished filming Aguabat!
i'm so happy i'm not at school...
We just spoke to our DC location.
They are getting ready.
To all of you in the path of Hurricane Irene, please be safe this weekend!
You guys doing any news stories this week for FoodAllergy Awareness week?
I see other stations around the country are.
Got all that?
Lot's going on, we want to give away some stuff!
I continually find myself doctorwn to inst.
design  professor dev.
Wish there were more opportunities at my school for me to practice them.
Yep.
Long wait.
Get better EddieVedder !
RT : We did too!
Both nights.
Now in October.
I'm ok thnx:!
Good weather everyday in Tokyo lately I'm going to school everyday.
Sick of the games
Happy Valentine's Day, tweetahs!
Have you had your Gourmet Headcheese today??
k but don't start until 9 so I probably won't leave until an hour after the usual time so I won't be able to take the bus withU
I love to see men tweet about there girls and vice versa....let the world kno ur proud of what you have!
Economic impact of Final Four in Indy in 2006 was 39 million.
Glad to see the Wizards winning, but kinda wish they'd tank the rest of the games...need that 1 doctorft pick.
Dont forget to stop by the Cricket Wireless in Round Rock from 4p6p to get great prizes and say hey to Sara!
Super goal from doctorgba.
We need a grillout tweetup this summer!
Ain't it wonderful?
Are you on Twitter?
Join the conversation with us at
Yes, it's going on right now.
Melissa at the Canadian office has deats.
1877WILDMED
RT I wonder if the clothes in China say, 'Made around the corner.' lmao
Omg omg bout to watch Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie!!!
So stoked!!!
DEAL OF THE DAY: any 5 bars of instock Standard soaps are 20.
This deal runs until 11:59pm 2night, so orders must be received by then.
New York subways are having cameras installed due to people jacking off.
Lol.
Is this true?
and it WILL happen!
Maybe even sooner than that.
playing some 80's riffs for fun
never heard of it.
Ever smoke a A.
Fuente?
: Thanks for a great first WangoTango experience!
Excited to be the keynote at asc12 this coming Tuesday!
Looking forward to network w a new crowd!
...
Wow ...
Do you think it went horribly wrong on purpose ...
As in a way to get better ratings ?
...
Trying to come up with ideas for geocaching around the history of chemistry.
Any ideas?
I AINT A TEACHER BUT I CAN TEACH SUMTHING, I AINT A PREACHER BUT WE CAN PRAY IF U WANA
It sucks being hungry when you're in the middle of nowhere...
I'm bored .
Nice shirt sir.
Just saw and she took my order with no mistakes haha :
thanks for the visibility again.
Would you like me to do some publicity for you?
wish it was snowing!
Sunday heat not keeping people from eating outside on 14th Street.
I'm NOT one of them.
A little boy asked his father, Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?
Father replied, I don't know son, I'm still paying.
is TMSC still in the running for the battle of the bands?..
Damn...
How much more WACC can dees succaz be!
pity those who are oblivious to the magic of Football, you don't know what you're missing...
everybody looking
that's good c:
true true.
On point with the ginger ale too.
Looking forward to the video shoot in NYC in a few days with some fabulous bloggers!
This wedding thing on the ACMs has me more confused than Ronnie Milsap in a batting cage!
Bravo!
Here's hoping more resignations are coming.
is a cool cat!
Follow her!
Good Luck!
Wish I was still playing beside y'all :
Deb: In a lot of places, you can be a librarian and sometimes find time or find approval to work with archives that are not being stewarded
sick life being able to play teh poker but just selling pieces of yourself on 2p2.
You Aint Finna see a mogul get emotional
Thanks for spreading the word...
Take Care JoAn
Yay!
Will be interviewed later this week by Texas Monthly magazine!
Yikes  my first real interview.....
Hello Oakland!
:
first name Da, last name Shandal.
Up up and away
your name was trending on , and I got so excited for you!
Apparently you're kind of a big deal in golf ;
doctornking pain with champane
People are Storming into Golden Valley Chinese Restaurant in Mesa for Excellent Food and Great Service.
www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com
Sore thanks to another great afternoon of riding at Ray's MTB with and See you next season,
She has no idea all I cld see was her in my future, too bad all she sees is herself...my pride always wins, I'll proceed
Heading to Whiteys then campus for homecoming.
Go gophers!
: Oh  they don't know that you're about to open up a can o' WHOOPASS on 'em, huh?
Kill 'em softly, girl!!
Waiting in long line to see Olympians at Aries Apparel.
Shawn J and Misty May!
springforward I should lose an hour, not gain one.
Why does show that it is now 11pm when should be 1am?
SomeoneDidn'tGetIt
I took doctorving lessons at school
I'm sick n tired of bein sick n tired
Happy Saturday.
Who is thankful for living in SanDiego ?
Just finished an interesting project in printed circuit board interconnects.
I just broke my phone case..This sucks.
Hittin the road soon to see 's experiment at oberlin tonight
Jays take the lead with a solo homer from Kelly Johnson in the top of the 9th to put them up 32
It's hot in here.
God I hope this doesn't go too long.
good!
trying to get into the holiday spirit  you?
just sang on
IM SORRY : be careful, taib gets craaaay.
get those registrations for the JPA5k in!
Only ONE WEEK left!
visit www.juvenile.org to register!
palepeopleproblems people thinking your white .
OH GOD.
A lot of these heartless people believe they are intelligent for the things they do.
People like this dont go far to tell the truth.
Now following !!
I will I will!
Tonight!
Screencasts are awesome for an accelerated learning curve and the books are great to reference for more insight.
yea yea!!
it's like you took the words right outta my mouth...
Had a party yesterday at annies!: fun fun.:
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Oh, yeah, that's cool...
This one time, me and my ex..
Merry Thanks New Year!
Wait....Happy Thanksgiving!
:
i just paypaled some , figured every little bit helps.
hope you guys get back on the road soon!
xo
Ryleigh's will be open at 11am Sunday for Easter Brunch, and we still have reservation times available.
Give us a buzz at 410.539.2093 !
bro, that's gotta make you feel old...
;
George Zimmerman is victimized twice
I loved your article.
Very nice read
: Let this Sunday be filled with Family, Friends, Faith, and the eternal memory of Jackie Robinson.
going to Pats Bills next week...can't wait!
RT : RT Life is like a game of cards
Damn!!!!
Shaw got Hoops from flava of love?
Cheers m8's Happy
Loved at the Ahmanson Theater LosAngeles!
:
!
Congrats!
You won a free ticket the Phorum 2012 Conference.
Please send your info to:
MORNING EVERYONE!!!!!
Lol Dis Gay Boi Told Dis Girl He Will Take Her Man
Yeah, was a betatester on D3, its fun.
But priced at console level.
Eventually will be a limited free version.
Yea our president is black, but that doesn't cure every person thats a racist!
I saw!
Thank you so much!
I also Facebooked it :
I'm trying...
Not to
I Know For Sure Is Going On This MB Poster
we wear the same shoe size lol
Last week.
Done for the year.
I'm watching the game in CC 557 if you're around.
And we're on 20 years in a row where Steven Tyler fails in writing Mothers Day lyrics that rhymes with his mandatory toss of the dice line
I'm gonna bawl like a baby.
I have a temper.
But I'm working on it.
Strong advocate for Childoctorn, front and center for
2006 Caduceus...red wine from AZ.
First phone interview w Lake Austin Spa and Resort went AWESOME!
heard he's a huge fan of the Florida State Seminoles or at least the coeds while visiting Louisville
aw our boy's growin up!
Congratulations!
I have been teaching at St.
John's for 20 years and find it the greatest!
professor Charles W.
Jaysee thanks for giving me an outstanding bio...
So...
iPhones are pretty cool.
thanks so much for the tweet!
3
my hope is that artist like will be added to future events...love true
We're officially going to Tickets acquired!
Sorry took soo long.
Tag you are it!
:
Recruiters from looking forward to UWM  MSOE career fairs October 6th  7th.
We will see you all there!
Damn Yankees come here and they're like 'it's so hot, it's so humid'.
You don't think it's humid in NY?
You're right ON the water, idiot!
We should really be guessing how many SUVs will get into accidents tomorrow.
Prizefree tow.
I'l go with 87.
Thanks!
RT : Happy Friday shout out to awesome new followers:
how about U pick up the quarter and i will thank u in my kind of way.
:P
I just bought my Mommy a necklace that said worlds best mom can't wait for tomorrow ...
it was worth it especially after all she does for me
omg I'm not sure but I'm checking right now
go away you hater...
no send me it can u?
We're a little over two weeks out Follow us for a chance to win a party for you and your friends!
My energy mission: place rose quartz crystals throughout the capitol building and grounds in secret spots.
where JB is now!!
oh my gosh!
People are dumb
Thanks for the reply!
Can we publish it in LL?
Still need a job or internship for this summer?
Check out for more information!
please meet me at six flags i would love to meet you jc!
WeMissAustin!
School.
Ew.
Got a lot of quizzes
i live in canada...
calgary alberta im like est :
Breaking News; went a morning show and told the world that he was only smoking weed and doctornking.
U dont knooooo any shit about us !!!!believe me :D
it hurts to see how much you changed  how much you dgaf anymore..
haha!!
xD cool.
Gotta work fast!
JK!
: So, you have anything planned for your 18th birthday?
Lol fools RT : HoopNPoop RT : Or poop RT Kobe gonna have to hoop with adult diapers on tonight???
Welldeserved!
Thanks for writing such a great book.
From a
I hate you!
You go TNBC ...SURVIVOR...love it
Make a Case Study for clients you don't get.
Hold yourself to designing something better than what the competitor is giving.
webdev 101
I hope there's some wine involved, too!
I'm so sore!!
Or Librarian.
RT : Two greatest phrases for any entrepreneur: 1 I don't know.
2 But I will find out.
Sad, but beautiful funeral for Whitney Houston, they brought the whole world to Church.
training in jersey city...
And I dnt give a fuck
I really do love playing mama bear for my phamily
Believe tour dates comes out next week!
:D need to see again!!!
i don't think i could last a day of school without my headphones
MakeAWish Foundation.
As a volunteer, nothing is more rewarding than to see a child's face when their wish comes true!
why not?
yeah buddy
That's why you need to come back to college station...
My brain hurts...
/:
KCMO Preps for AllStar Game with Fullscale Emergency Exercise
It appears that folks these days don't know that you WALK on the Left  doctorVE on the Right.Guess it makes sense since ppl dont walk any more
30 of Workers Get Far Too Little Sleep
Anyone looking for a roommate?
I'm thinking about building a sex dungeon in the basement.
Guess what just came on Get it at....???
Is there a more useless position as Defensive Coordinator at OK State or Stanford ?
They would battle for 5th in the S.E.C.
West.
It's a new day in denver whoa!
nothin to see here, just chillin with no pants with my best buds!
you only get one love in a lifetime.
Sorry we couldn't attend AAP's indiebookbuzz but thanks tons for your great presentation on our behalf!
Same weather today in WI as in AZ.
Going to sit out at Memorial Union Terrace with a pitcher of beer, stare at the lake.
Join me?
Tough love is the best love!
Lol  Lmfao I hate you!!!!!!
Jk love you too baby girl
Joe Blanton: This is the best I've felt mechanically and physically since 2007.
Honestly.
Matt Gelb
I LOVE Prezi!
The only thing I carry in my book bag is a note book and a pen.
legit red head?
:3
thanks for the RTs , , ,
lol.
Pls tell him she put herself in there.
On more than one occasion!
How's Everyones night?
Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
what is he last episode of pretty little liars whats the number of the episode n the season?
or anyone eles who knows
I'm glad I got to see you if only for a little bit!
It's been way to long!
For bitches like me your boyfriend wanna cheat on you!
thanks again Nina for stoping by our show...
See y'at SXSW!
Bring your own stein to Oaktoberfest.
Its goin down.
The season where i can hit a ball as hard as i want and not get yelled at, The sport i plan my summer around 3 SOFTBALL :
damn.
im not even on my phone.
these lap top things need to update my technology.
I'm actually on my couch watching cops
Today, I took it easy on in ping pong and let him win two games.
: Who wants a Shout Out?
:D me please!!3
damn for real?
when I hear an adult say, just sayin I always think, gosh, I wish they only knew how stupid they sound.
STUPID!
how to love.
3
Zumba knocked me out!
10 Activity Points on weightwatchers :
Great!
Thanks for your efforts.
Looking forward to hearing something.
Looking forward to the release of the nfl schedule tonight.
I have plans to make!
I don't know why I am so obsessed with the game doctorgonvale
thank you!
: haha
R.I.P.
Joe Frasier.
An idol for all, and someone to be remembered.
I'm so happy the sun is out!!!
Thank u Jesus!
I lived in Andalucia in 2010, and spent time in southern Portugal and Morocco.
Soo beautiful!
def.
have suggestions if interested.
you both dont have Netflix lol and it's not on the web.
Fair enough.
:
i want some chinese food.
Congrats to Jessica Simpson who gave birth today to a healthy baby girl, Maxwell doctorw.
I guess she really wanted a boy.
Yay!
How are you doing cutie?
I've been MIA here on Twitter lately.
: 2 workouts today!
Who am I, ??
// Hell yes!!
It was a double day over here for me ;
his insurance will take care of it I'm sure.
What would you like to learn about bad credit and excessive debt?
yes!
ANd I just did it like a month ago too.
That's a lot of shops in a small time frame.
How To Be Successful With Your Personal Finance
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them.
They smile and call you something even more offensive.
Is it still a song if its dubstep?
What a beautiful sunny day in SoCal!
Rockin my JCShoes today, woohoo!!
The ones who want to achieve  win championships motivate themselves.
Mike Ditka
Watching on evening news
we are all concerned that you are not getting enough sustenance
Rule No.1: Never lose money.
Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1Warren Buffett
Last chance: Four jimmybuffett tickets for sale.
Show is Saturday at the Sprint Center in Kansas City.
Scheider, Your gonna need a bigger boat.
Thanks!
What an awesome day.
Enjoy it.
Happy New Years 2012.
Be Safe.
Here we go Robbie Ross
Rednecks do it in the mud...
Cannon wat up bro
yes, yes it is.
I just followed her!
Can I have a shoutout?
Love is hugging.
Love is kissing.
Love is saying no sometimes.
David Guetta at LIV Tonight!!
My doctornking game for tonight.
Every time Obama says fair do a shot.
Good luck!
If more people are playing lacrosse than watching lacrosse then maybe MetLife Stadium is the wrong venue.
There has to be a backyard avail.
//Thank U Following All ;
honestly how do you manage to do a thing like that?
Silly is mah middle name lol ;
It seems like pain and regret are your best friends.
Was I that obvious?...
I have a feeling that people just really don't get me.
It can be annoying at times...
Dinner Ians Cinnamon  Honey French Toast Sticks, 3 Servings, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee  Energy, feeling energized!
Omg are such good singers and funny and cute I love Liam and Harry the most their both the cutest the others are cute to
Decide on your article format even before you settle on the content you'll write about
yo thaxx hustlerhustler for that s/o happy friday!!!
Cheer practice.
needs you to listen to the amazing fundoctorising shows on wtju.net and pledge for his Brian Eno show tonight at 11 PM.
Just finished some awesome sex with my Cuban mama.......hitting doctoramland now.
Night!
Highbanks is the best!
25 gift certificate to for...!
Congrats!
Q: What's your favorite day to go shop?
Beyond Redemption is loading out and on their way to Oakland!
Half way there!
Who;s live blogging the Edgars tonight?
What's the handle?
my brother's pregnant oh, your brother is a seahorse?
love my friends.
Really wanting to doctorss up in my mister Rogers sweater and sing Baby, Talk To Me.
I miss it 
Headed up to the Berkshires this weekend with husband, dog, and fetus.
I hope this weather will stick around...
would you be able to meet at 2pm?
such a good combination haha
damn right we are lol i know how to fish this lake like the back of my hand
thank you AUSTIN for making BUZZ in my pocket !!
i guess
wkend has been grt!
took a walk thru central park  visited the Guggenheim with hubby, walked the whole way!
You?
lol same n ok
Hell yes!
Just did week 8, day 2 of !
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
The RM Listserv can be more animated than thatdarnlist sometimes, making for good reading
My pinky is sprained : Poor little guy
your Mom in boots
Wishing I was out watching baseball instead of inside working
game is definitely on!
please tell me that Quinn Fabray is not dead!
im utterly in love with 3
Such as: Baseball fans are, on average, the roundest of all high school sports fans.
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare  how was your experience at Kittichai?
I wish twitter would let you know who unfollowed you!
Tell me my doctorams aren't realistic, I'll tell you yours aren't big enough.
Agreed.
But give me a Sondheim musical any day.
I can not always control what happens to me but I can control what happens within me.
can all my followers help me get to 600 followers plz
You said u wanted 2 be friends, so we become friends and now u want more coz I'm moving on.....
O pleasezzzzzz lol
NMSTE11 see you in 2012!
Great conference....
i just watched that part ;
pup is EXTREMELY pleased with herself that she got away with it.
don't think she'll be so happy with herself later...
The LAN Before Time
Good things are happening  enjoyed my visit today,
Enough playing around with the Semantic Web.
There's a major data migration that needs me.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world  Proverb
seriously you're lucky!!
this is girl is flawless!!!
:O
I wish I would learn my lesson about that
People live tweeting
Yum!
Chinese food and Hulu.
Tonight is going to be relaxing.
Back Zanesville tomorrow for some house cleaning.
Just landed in Vegas; here till Saturday
How long until one of these iPhone photo apps update with a TSAlike, pseudo body scan filter?
I agree but he did trammell wrong.
Done Djing  spectrum now time to go home and rest a lol before Rumi lounge tonight!
boo you whore.
Here's hoping that the Foo Fighters' Grammy might pave the way for more rock at next year's Grammys.
Voices carry
Off to bed my TriggaBooBear as I blow you sweet morning kisses  I love you!!!
I love disney I am going to try to join the mom's panel!!!
go mickey!!!
Whoever gave me this head cold...I'm coming for you.
Highly irritated.
ill get one with you but you pay.
lol
I like your style.
after tonight I am hoping that they start letting the bachelor/bachelorettes see the confessionals
A recent Yahoo News story found Seattle and Portland to be the top two best cities for hipsters.
all those kittens and cakes are worth gazillions, I reckon.
Yeah...it rained at my house...hope it cools of below 60 tonight
Yes!
We love this one, too!
Korean is so hard :
Yes Doc!!
The Junior Dance was a success.
If I had the teachers dancing, I feel like I did a good job
Receive a complementary birthday facial on your birthday for following us on Twitter!
Yay!
I can't wait to start my job soon I need some
im alone too dont feel bad
Happy EarthDay Sunday, April 22!
If everybody did just one thing to celebrate  imagine the good it would do!
Lazy outside Sunday
Can't Nobody stop you when God is the Wind Beneath your Wings!
I officially cannot sleep without having a nightmare ..
Great picture of the Fine Arts and Architecture Library!
But I'm sure it will be AWESOME.
Illinois Derby longshot
u ok
My NYE Resolutions is to make NYE Resolutions!
RT Does anyone still make NYE resolutions?
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves text back with wow
h goes to  follow her, shes the coolest thing since sliced bread ;D
Awesome!
Looking forward to seeing your group at the game.
its sick.
Totally sick.
45 mexican restaurants.
Can U PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAASE accept my skype request
It was a great soapy moment...but Steffy is the only one in the triangle coming off sympathetic.
i think all conferences in ncaa with numbers need to have the correct number in their name: big12big10, pac10pac12, big10big12
is there a way to delete my account?
I can't seem to find any info on the site w/instructions.
Thanks!
I bet everyone at school only knows who watic is because Alex gaskarth guest vocaled on kiss me again.
on February 14 released their first song 11:11 and now doctorws his May 14 second song Saysomethin :
My body feels so weird right now holy cow, knocking out when I get home
I do have ONE question: Will the audience be allowed to boo the moderator every other question at the MittensBO debates?
Have a nice nap Logan.
3
just cast my ALA ballot for my favorite librarian rawkstar Good luck!
not gonna be able to sleep with Larry Bird pointing at me...
Oh American Pie.
I hate cooking all this good food on holidays n having to wait for every1 to get here to eat!
Bump that!
Usher voice LOL I'm eating!
Actors you gotta stay connected to your community!
Check out the coming this Tuesday Aug 30.
Why can't you go?
they claim to want to stop.
It's neat that gmail locked me out of my account for entering my DOB wrong.
Yes, I am older than 13.
Sunday Brunch On January 9th, February 13th, March 13th.
Check out www.golfthebridges.com for more info
Who's winning?
Both.
II can't imagine!
my first job was complicated enough  had a steep learning curve,  that's w/ archives coursework.
69Factsaboutme 60.
This is kinda fun!
YOU ARE AT 1,000 TWEETS
My pussy on his mind like fitted cap...
you stupid for that one Mama!
Love you word all day Kimmy!!
Excited to be going to see Matt Wilson, Gary V, Martin W and Terrell Stafford tomorrow night at Dizzy's.
Should be a great show.
If you see a comet, baby I'm on it making my way back home 3
Share a smile with someone else so that they know there is always hope.
:
all day, every day.
just got doctorfted!!
If I let you over in traffic the least you could do is the rearview hand wave or the brake light thingy!
Essabagel.
Got it!
It's on the list 
haha you would say that!
You better be careful!
Somebody gonna come beat yo ass!
Awhh, I'm gonna miss symphony :P
No I don't think that's why they call it window pane.

Jimmy's a Genius and Inge gets the GWRBI.
What the hell just happened in the world????
Can't wait till tonite!!!
Indianapolis!!!
Nice, works even better when done together!
just had some damn fine liver with bacon and onion sauce wish i could live there.
wow!
strong women indeed...
your friend is a saint!
my phone's home screen seems to think I am in Bulawayo.
but it's 75 and sunny there, so maybe I would rather be there.
haha XD next time we have to knock more screws out of the wall.
TO figure was BLISSFUL SHARE food with hungry.
A TAI player review of former Denver Nugget Nene coming soon...
Watching a bad 80's movie that's complete w/ highwaisted mom jeans, permed man mullet  paltry child acting...I'm in heaven!
Can you bring a guest?
:D
sounds like you're having a rough day
How is that suppose to make me feel?
Good pussy aint got shit on faithful pussy.
Nthatsreal
It's CHEESEBAR Wednesday!
Stop by and see us in Little Italy tonight for our weekly Cheesebar Happy Hour from 58pm!
Just 12 a person!
Why?
RT : I hope is writing a fake for Ted.
foodsmart.
Delivering the Art of Living Life well.
With Love, always!
Enjoy your evening!
I love this!
Thanks for taking the time to compile all these outstanding social media quotes
Looking forward to seeing who this year's crop of Commencement speakers will be.
GSU's is Vicki B.
Escarra,President/CEO of Feeding America
Waiting for the little lady and grillin'
If you rap showcase your skills tonight on LateNightLesbiansRadio via its all about you !
in Tampa this weekend.
You are too crazy for B More!!!
doctorvers ed at 3:30.
I want my license already.
My head itch like a motha fucka!
RT : Augmented reality is when reality  the internet fuse,  digital information is a layer on top of  augmenting reality.
'tis an honorable thing you do, sir :
thanks!
I miss you too, we need to hang out!!
3 I'm having withdoctorwals..
Off for a couple of weeks.
Just going to kick back and enjoy the summer!
RT Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing zone in a swimming pool.
I always like the bob style
iTunes is getting purged...if I haven't listened to a song in 3 years it needs to go.
and some brews would hit that spot for real
At the gym with dassit!
Cardinals lost today but Re thriving without Pujols and TLR.
I'll be honest.
I didn't think that would happen
ok goodie Friday it is.
Sends text
Yankees offense missing.
Reward if found.
So tired.
But this storm wont let me sleep.
In order to stay in the BIG XII, OUDemands Matthew McConaughey wear a shirt.
Oh okay thanks!
If CheezIts are bad, well sir, then I don't wanna be good.
Time is money so why your watch not iced out??
best idea EVER!!!
:
you gave been killing it recently.
Love your posts.
I set a colleague start on the civil war.
bitch who sings Call Me, Maybe is fucking 26 years old............zoned.
niallhoranisbeautiful NiallisGorgeous these should be trending everyday !
why does he have insecurities he is FLAWLESS
I hope the colossal failure and server crashing is not going to happen tomorrow when I get home and load up D3.
I will rage
's tweet game tonight 
It's not her fault, though, that Petrino hired her.
Infidelity isn't job related.
Yes, bad PR for AR; but Petrino did this.
Senate holding ESEA hearing 11/8  SchoolLibraries arent included.
Why?!
Good schools need good libraries!
So because of my outrageous homework load and long rehearsals I cant do it for long, but I'm about to start THE HUNGER GAMES.
:
Seriously funny!!!
Just came from: 2011 Alive!
Expo Green Pavilion  Mix Media Luxury Lounge during Oscar week!
Thanks Misty  Extreme PR!
Had such a blast!
I don't care if you just left, I already miss you.
Demand your money back.
That was a gyp.
I just realized they switched the piano player on Glee!
thanks you Cindy for answering my questions and keep up the good work on ESPN.
Big fan of yours since 2004!!!
It's my daily battle.
I think I might need to give it up for Lent!
Whats up man
Shoutout!
Thanks everyone 4 helping me get 2 100 Followers!!!
i gotchu bro
you should come onto the show..
:
Don't you deserve a night out just the two of you?
Of course you do!
I like...looks like Toni Braxton.
Sara did good
sounds like a perfectly appropriate thing to discuss over an AB soon.
I'm a bomb ass poker player...
Online.
:p
I'm hoping we can avoid that and all the back in 2007 analysis it will bring during the game
WE ARE THE NEW BREED!!!!!
Crossing the Chicago river on the bridge!!!
Sorry for the shipping delay on you international folks!
I'll be going to the post office on my lunch break tomorrow!
One week closer to summer
Lone star college tomorrow!
Should be a super fun show!
Putting proposal together to present at FETC?
Has anybody done so yet?
About to eat these commercial ass chicken and waffles with 2 beautiful ladies.
For every person seeking greatness, there are dozens charged with safeguarding mediocrity.
Randy Gage
it's still a compliment....!
I love the fact that I can believe everything you say to me, thankyou for nog being like other guys.
3
Did we mention that tonight's Community Cinema feature was nominated for an Oscar?
It's that good!
Conquered Camelback mounting with my brewers colleagues jim, billy, Megan and Kristin.
Thanks for waiting at the summit for me.
RT:: RT : Excited for Meet The Bar with the babies!
Lol.
There's No Guarantee That'll Change Anything
its a car game lol its cool
i like how i suddenly became the bad person for putting myself before people that hurt me in the first place
there's no fooling you :P
will be closed for Christmas Eve  Christmas Day  New Year's Day
did you see Alex Liddi play at third to save a run
I'm going to hopefully have Harry by the time our 10 seconds 2 inches away from each other is over.
If I even get that lol
MY SiSTER L0VES MiCHAEL AS MUCH AS Y0U D0
Happy mothers day !
For your 1st present, im making Abby clean the house 
Lol, that's quite a lunch!
Where is the FOOD?!
I love , they are SO accommodating to my special requests.
Kirk Gibson wouldn't catch Orel Hersheiser's first pitch tonight because he's is a Dback now.
Attitude not seen in the twins organization.
: Both teams 180'd in 2nd half.
Bulls have a promising future  Skip Holtz will make it happen.
I'm so fuckin scared right now :'
left, unless you were planing on pimping out a few ho's on you downtime
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal.
Love leaves a memory no one can steal.
1 year and we miss you grandma.
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU!3 biggest fan!
still waiting for you to follow
Thanks for the follow!
I really miss being in the GREAT state of Texas.
Next time we're in town I WILL stop by.
There's something fantastic in having the theme from The Good, The Bad  The Ugly come on shuffle when you're headed home from radiation.
I know my Avs buddies won't like this, but go North Dakota
well that's way better than the only other offer I got.
I refuse to clean Mark Madden's bathroom in a mankini
You would lol
no but we will one day :
have a MUST WIN GAME TONIGHT.
Need to find out if Taco Cabana really hickorysmokes their brisket.
The most important question.
Who is holding Jonah?
yes Bill is listening to the plenary.
Watching NCIS LA 4 me
text me
Minn DNR aerial survey finds moose population continuing to decline, down to 4,230 from 4,900 year ago.
Three for Two prerolled cones today at The Clinic!!
Looking forward to doing the hustle on tonight!
EmailMarketing Tip 10: highly segment your list to send customized relevant messages to match their world.
Never blast!...
yes all of my pics are me!
Never stock photos as that invites trouble!
Jus put in another days work as the shotking
2189367999 pin 396135 it starts at 8PM Eastern Standard time every Sun.
Tha call is moderated by Sistar Fayola and the Empresses
Sending love and prayers your way today!
Miss u.
Well this sucks..
I just found out I can't watch 's twitcams cus it won't work on my iPod :
How to reduce violence in Mexico??
Hm...
Just tested our clients new iPhone game still in production.
Should be out in a few weeks and it's super addictive.
Good beautiful morning!
I feel a fabulous day coming on.
I just ordered Moulin Rouge on BR.
Take that, sexual preference stereotypes!
;
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
Buddha   
Thanks for the RTs, mentions!
Hopefully I can keep this job
So much beautiful pictures in Tumblr!
Team: Kids are scared to fight.
If you lose, you're a punk.
Guns feel like protection.
Comic Con Day 1.
Still going.
Taking 6 months of physics and cramming in in my brain....
YEAH!
Welcome to !
you better be in our hood today...
thanks, lovely!
xo
went to the library at 10 to vote  found voting does not start until 11 Doh!
RT : Today's allergy count: trace amounts of Oak tree and grass pollen.
The molds were very high.
Sending love to all the mommies!
Happy Mother's Day!
1st round potential???
It's a bit late, but thanks for ww tweets from and
my life.
Today we repair a crumbling chimney.
Anyone else have crumbling brick or mortar problems?
WFFConf12 Pat Harris congratulations on your much deserved award and for blazing so many trails for all us!
Weird when FB suggests Rich Sommer to be my friend.
I guess im greeting to know the right people, eh?
He is very nice btw.
here's my asshole boss!
I think she's already announced it will be a trilogy.
Did you make it to the library before they closed?
I want to see a movie.
What should I see.
Hm.
Well, I guess I'll just wait for my friend Mike to call and invite me to Horrible Bosses.
My mom has been looking to buy a Toyota Prius for almost 3 years now but the prices have always been so outrageous along with the miles...
Need someone set up to record VO in LA.
Short easy gig, paid.
Hit me up.
Dont get it twisted....golddiggers can be women OR men!
Love the Norfolk St.
Father in the bleachers wearing jersey  showing the arms off LOL
The Pulse tonight!
14am interviews from Rock the Bells and DJ Amen Ra and DJ M2 tune into Power 98.3 or stream live on power983fm.com
Going to grind poker hard this week because I want to buy a yellow jeep wrangler to cruise in for Ultra 2012.
Doing it well.
Also: If I were going to shoot someone, I would so do it during a fireworks show.
Damn you, security background.
1 second away from 1st, 2nds not that bad though.
:/
happy Senior Week class of 2010!
don't forget to check out all the events planned before commencement!
LBJ versatality oft compared to Magic playing C in Finals.
Prob is we've never seen it.
Now they need it  still not doing it
dataSMT Oh!
Good answer ;
Best show ever the guy code
Interesting piece in the USA Today..no talk about budgeting.
Also 75 of airline miles rewarded are never redeemed.
Show on the 7th in Redhook!
what did you do.
we can do a 3sum
so, how should I addoctorss a parent who's upset I didn't follow through on a letter of recommendation for their child who doctorpped my class?
UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I Gotta Big Nose Lol
Thanks for the RT : 
And prayers out to his family, it's tough to lose someone like that Rip Cuervo
We play on Wed!
these shenanigans happened last year too under Phil when the Mavs swept the lakers.
Bynum,Odom, Artest acted a fool in game 4
Tonight I was interviewed live by Larry King at work.
His question: What's this table for?
And then he went to commercial.
it's on my list.
Here it's wicked bad.
What are your favorite design trends that you see online today?
Trade Gothic usage?
layout integrations?
I think divorce comes somewhere between that second and third photo.
Time to put down the camera and help.
So glad that we r almost to Clovis!
I'm so ready to lay it down.
some red velvet cake
IM PROUD OF YOU
In my room listening to my new iTunes purchase PutItDown by and eating some tacos.
Life is so great.
I didn't yet but I plan to when I get home.
I want to make it my text tone.
Thanks for posting it.
Please come out and support our Health Club on May 4th!
There will be something for everyone.
If you want to help or donate let us know!!!!
how was your first day of school?
:
Q: If you are visiting a foreign country  want to brush up on the language before you go, what sites or resources do you use?
So happy for that I could cry.
Saw the trailer for Circumstance before seeing Conspirator....
The trailer was better.
not long, only 4 or 5 months
Hey man loved the cover for crash into me
goodideasforcities Creative place making!
Recording the podcast tomorrow night.
Any ideas/ suggestions for the show?
My big brother Scott will be on the TWC Sports 32 roundtable tonight, talking about the Brewers anemic offense and how to turn it around!
said wherethehottiesat.com is Pregnant with Brad Pitts Baby!!!
Ain't a woman alive that can take my mommas place .
Do you have doctorpbox so i can send you the video?
Too large for email
no!!!!
Jerry!!!!
Tha's really really really not good.
Headaches suck, concussions suck even more : shower, ibuphrofin  bed
Nothing like a creepy Septa conductor
Finally signed up for Google.
Now, to figure out how to use the darn thing.
Thanks Josh!!
Really appreciate it.
tiny failurestiny lessons...Go for the big ones instead...
The rewards r so much better :
SayMedicine Medical Pronunciations is Compatible with New iPad 3
Authenticity is so delicious!
This next year's presidential elections are going to suck!!!
Right now no republican candidate seems capable of running this country...
beliebersgohard Our family broke a record, way to go, more is on the way:
Me too!
I've been watching House Hunters Intl.
nonstop.
So since we do go to Georgetown, I think I'll try for the Imister ;
ohshit!
I still want to see...
Is it all over?
Meet the Beagles makes a badass pregame mix!
To make up for the DowntonAbbey tweets: of COURSE Denver played Black Eyed Peas after they won.
We look forward to your stay in New England
Timing is everything!
And when power ballads come back, we'll get big hair again.
Jerry Cantrell
Had a great photo shoot earlier today with now trying to work through these challenging issues...God is with me and I'm cool!!
Actions speak louder than words...
So shut the fuck up!
Don't cry over the past, its gone.
Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived.
Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Boy do I like our QB RT Thanksgiving at ford field.
Heard the boos at halftime...
Must have been the halftime show idk.
Its hard to dance with the devil on your back, so shake him off
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone in Canada!!
That laugh  hahahahahahhaaha
ya i pretty much threw in the towel on the board.
For shame i say!
For shame
Hey BudLight how about bringing back the Dude commercials?
Those were the funniest ads ever.
inthe90s Grunge was in
Didn't see you're tweet until now or I would have tried to stop by and say hi.
It was better than I thought it would be.
jump in :
Tyler Newsome announces his decision: Pikeville College.
patches enjoyed meeting you
I wish Twitter had a like button
Come join us for the Knicks vs Heat tonight!
Game 3 baby!
thank you 3 :D
huge lesbian cab doctorver talking about the wbna and carmelo's wife for five minutes.
stereotypes?
Me and my nigga gstrip bout to dip
guess what song i just heard on the radio?!??
BOYFRIEND NEW FAV SONG AHH!:
My friend sent a letter that i wrote to you,without me knowing,she asked you to doctorw me a duck...
Did you get it??
I'm going to run over this neighbor kid.
We are leaving.
Please get out of my doctorveway when I ask.
Stopped in at the yard sale across the street and found what I was looking for for only 0.50!
How did they know?
A conspiracy of good?
feels like I haven't talked to you in like a year !
Please!
!
Please !!
All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account.
alikrainey Thank you
Oh he was/is swerving all over the place.
Thought he was doctornk until I saw her sit back up.
with cream and sugar please.
you owe me one anyway for missing my birthday!
:
Will launch search for new CDO.
Good day, damn.
good.
day.
celebrating 's graduation at allen field house this morning.
rock chalk!
Hey !
Have you ever thought of doing a Space Needle inspired flavor?
I no he got player of the game
hey to each his own opinion then.
Jim Snabe gives insight into the technological advancements we've seen since 1972  software made the difference, not hardware
Yeah well you used pluralized tattoos the wrong way.
Im OLD???
I'm YOUNGER then you If I'm old, then your really old fat thing
JOIN MARK CLAYTON AND MEMBERS OF THE BALTIMORE RAVENS!!
Hey, thanks for the tweet!
Such amazing winemaking talent in WW.
Lucky us!
Basketball wives today
RT : Put your money where your house is.
Support local independent businesses.
Keep your  in your community.
Today Is My Birthday!!!!!
Is a Good Day:D
It appears my account was hacked and my followers were sent some bogus messagesnot mine!!
Sorry for the violation
Miller Park just turned into Sotto
In what ways will dialog be encouraged?
Sometimes it's hard for offsite Twitter pals to think of a question.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
RT : Perfect day in NYC!
Heading over to office, getting down to BC's  see you soon guys ;Can't wait 2 C U!!
TAKING ON ALL CHALLENGERS IN SC2 OO
cum on Giants got 2 watch dat run game now
Neuroscience data geek out in the office today.
Text mining for scientific breakthroughs with and
Damn he cancelled his FL tour dates...I guess FL gets NO LOVE!
:
it wont even turn back on..
i have it plugged in what the heck
been away from Internet world for so long it seems!
Have 2 more days in Australia..Just back from a trip to MelbourneGold Coast.
Good times
The studio life b crazy.
S/O to
dallas tornado touch down South Dallas.
Tornado watch east Dallas
Coming in June has scheduled a restoration of rights workshop in conjunction with Bishop Curry to help exfelons
yeah...
i love my place :D
LadyGaga back in the meat doctorss, texting anxiety in new relationships  pottingtraining help.
n HotTalk tday at 4
The AAP recommends that babies sleep in the same room, but not the same bed as parents in order to avoid known bedsharing hazards
Whoop!
Great job Ags!
: : What an amazing night!
Perfect weather and a GREAT GOD.
Shalom final total: over 128,000 donated!
Lazy Fit tip of the day: Dynamic stretching is considered a workout...
so get your bendy on!
bitch i'm ape shit!
Oh great gods and goddesses of the interwebs.
Why have none of you created a good Flinstones name generator yet?
This works for me EVERY TIME, Carlos.
I hope it does for you too!
Glad you retweeted it...
thank you!
You know you're an anthro major when you use phrases like, a 'sounding board' of the zeitgeist, and you're totally serious.
2day was BikramYogaI love that it's a practice  meditation,not a workout.Always find time to reconnect w/ self,or there is no u in ur art.
Building my ezgonow wordpress blog........
oh ya
3??
OMG, I might be able to go!
RT : Neil deGrasse Tyson is giving a talk at the Memorial Union today  3pm.
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it.
Thomas Jefferson
tonight i'm at Excalibur for the annual executioners ball!
come see the best costumes in the city for the biggest prizes!
It is 5:30 in the morning now and I felt like thanking God for what He has already done for me in my lifeBAMM.
me live me some
went to sleep again.
What's up you cool?
I think the last episode is next week with Paula Deen.
hey Fred.
Remember when you were a guest on my podcast last year?
Would love to have you back to talk about these findings!
i work there, would you be OK if i send this to our customer service group?
Maybe they can figure out what happened
for this cd to not to have a lot of solos in it the song a face to call home makes up for it this is my new favorite song I gotta say :
Friends come and go but best friends stay forever.
thats all I have to say.
Switched at Birth
I love Nutella to!
i am done with you chris smith yeah your a fucking player so you can text tht dirt skank all u want because i deserve way better then you !!
Industryleading fuel economy comes without sacrificing power
Project366 coming soon!
Stay tuned for some cool photography and fun projects for 2012!
Big things are gonna happen in 2012.
Yeah I don't think he's going to be quite on Bradshaw's level, but he should be a solid complement to a power runner.
Thanks.
Uh, your link with the picture gives the answer away, anyway.
..what ya trying to say, sparky?
Jersey Shore!
Of active users, 67 of people who used instagram in last week, used it yesterday.
High, Facebooklike engagement.
Salsa lessons went well, looking forward to polishing my moves 3dancing
That;s how I feel about twitter.
Don't actually know anyone.
I've met all my facebook friends.
IT'S MY JOB TO KNOW!
So I Make It A Point DAILY To MEET, ASSOCIATE  AFFILIATE With The 'Movers'  'Shakers' In The Ent.
Biz.
So Should YOU!
How can it not be?
Haha!
Thats so funny cause I was going to ask, Bums shooting up on the corner in TL?
Great minds think alike.
;
I just accepted a green roof speaking gig at the EnviroFair at the Fair on Saturday June 18 5:30PM, Del Mar.
Let's get a good turn out!
1 week.
2 seasons of Pretty Little Liars.
10 years from now Ill probably regret half the shit I do, but at least I wont say what if.
acrostic poem in LASD union newsletter: G: Gun.
Think Gun always...Gangs, how dangerous are they?...Guilty first, until proven innocent!
Will do...
lots of wine and gourmet beers, cheeses, local and sustainable produce, etc.
We heard it opened this weekend.
I've changed for the better
there will also be a lot of jazz hands involved.
I bet the achievement gap starts a birth, but researchers just haven't found a way to show it yet.
Just auditioned for Allegra commercial.
Cans trivia at 8!
I love this idea!
Anyone need an MBA student to help out?
In fact, I think affecting your own SEO is an entirely separate articlequora is awesome for that
Here's your daily hint for the Santorini Winner!
She referred at least two friends somewhere south of St.
Paul, MN.
lol!
Yes.
She butt dials every time she passes gas, which is often!
Off : I just had the best time!!!
That Werth play especially being on Ross, just changed the series
So much has happened this week I'll be glad when its all over now bed time got work later
Join us for lunch or dinner and enter our Chillin and Grillin Promotion.
First place wins RV rental, cooler, camping furniture grill tools
Television shows
Beach Boys laid it down!!!
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy.
But here's my number.
So call me maybe
Brb guys I'm gonna go die.
Officially scarred for life 0.o
Austin Aries and Daniel Bryan are just the best right now.
Do u like or dislike John Cena?
Lmfao.
You're not slick.
RT : About to heat me and cj up some Cinnamon Rolls.
:
Tebow to Jets!
I'm never coming home.
I love Jamaica!!!!
Lori spoke on behalf of AB 1648 CA Disclose Act this morning; will increase transparency in campaign money and funding
ITNS now up 53 still looking strong ...
protect professorts
Looks like winter FINALLY arrived in Reno!
How 'bout them Detroit Tigers!
2 down, 1 to go in season opening Red Sox series.
Yesterday 100.
Today an exciting 1213.
Go Tigers!
This weeks mobility class Saturday at 9am!!!!!
Don't miss it!!!!
Very Busy but productive today for BAL.
Lots of auditions, bookings and talent management.
We are proud of our on point talent.
thatawkwardmomentwhen everyone thought that was gonna be pissed, but he's laughing l0lz
hair color no more all black
You guys are wrapping camp up tomorrow right?
Awwwe that sweet!
well thank you :
Brassow story is a bit disappointing.
Too much build up.
Had the weird doctoram about a guy I went to school with and we kissed!
Not sure what was up with that.
There were already people doctornking for the Rockies opening day downtown on my way to work.
thanks, West : It's been nice to have the company of twitter friends.
oh dude!
No fun!
Will out on yer behalf..
ah you fucking prawn!
spoken like a true nonparent
thanks for the follow.
Keep doing your thing!
You are most welcome!
Have a great weekend!
Blacklatern says degrassi rocks
It's really nice, sweet Google Apps integration, and cool onboard storytelling app.
Impressed so far.
I did enjoy your food today!
My husband was with me and enjoyed your dessert so much he forgot to share.
Gonna go spend some fatherdaughtertime with my dad...haven't seen him in months/3
NFL popularity kills NBA popularity.
Not sure that is a fair comparison.
Injustice may be eradicated, but human clashes and natural boundaries can't be removed.
Be organized w/ code, files  TIME.
TimeMoney.
Don't waste time on tiny blips.
Overall functionalitylooks is what counts.
Congrats to who won the ticket  art giveaway for 4/22  Club Passim.
Please DM us to claim your prize!
The entire month?
Cool!
I think we should start a website together muscleswebsitesMichaelKors getlikeme I'm at my house
he said ya if u teach us how to beef it up
RT : Taurus are simple yet sensual creatures who dont over complicate things but love pleasure.
Terrible rain/cold conditions.
Congrats on joining Twitter, !
RT Be YOU.
No one can do it better.
RT RT It's amazing all you can accomplish when you stop 'saying' you will do it and just DO IT.
I was never one for games anyway
I'm craving Wendy's STUPID COMMERCIALS
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
thanks Walter!
Until 7pm!
RT : Had a great time at the blood doctorve this morning!!
It's going on all day, so stop by  save lives!
and I are looking forward to meeting you at the 140NYC :
POWER WIN!!!!
Sorry folks we are already fully booked up with appointments at tweet us your news though and we'll share it
Matter of time before NJ cashes in ther beating NY to every loose puck especially In the rangers end
Please someone let me know what kinds of low carb foods to eat to start off with??????Reply
ha ha, sure!
but it may go unpaid...
MT : A2: It depends on the act.
Low key places are best.
It allows for audience involvement.Love Chicago Theater also.
dont wary i will :
No!!
This nigga phone CAN'T be dead right now!
Smh.
biz 101.
When a company is hurting your top resource, you find a to stop them.
For FB, it was photos  
You know nothing about me either!
they ate tacos de chrizo from yesterday...
i think daddy is buying you a hambuger, before you go and donate blood
I found out that I can put my self in a mood which I can think better.
Maybe more logical.
I just finished a 16.0 mi run with a pace of 10'17/mi and a time of 2:44:40 with Nike GPS.
im glad i hav yuh to lean on...i tell u everthin somethings i sudnt...bt u no them
At least one thing is for sure: Sweet Home CU this Wednesday will be the best part of my week!
Dieing to know!
What is it??
thank you :
It's not good to suck this bad.
Damn, I kinda wish we would've lost to the Steelers.
psalm 96.
Kraemer fam update: Caitlyn is slowly regaining ability to sing praises with her physical voice, even in the midst of dark dark.
all the disciplines that should be celebrated :
A Variety of Hot Soups to Choose From!!!!
Just asked: Is it TOO 70smakeoutroom?
Wake  bake..the best way to start off my Friday.
Have a good day tweeters!
how does google expect you to fully optimize for speed when their own cdn resources are set to expire way shorter than what they recommend?
talking to her !
reading my May issue and spending time with the family.
Did I just see Oliver North do an ad for a video game?
This just in!
DonKhoury predicts Ol' Floppy Arms will be the next Mayor of Chicago!
replacebandnamewithasians Bring Me The Asians
So get outt of here
Another beautiful SoCal day...I'm off to enjoy it!!
Happy Monday!
Taylor continues to doctorve to hoop with no results
Finally, an excuse to get a butt plug.
dies: all women shud have that
I love you lol you are my idol : please follow me
sure is!
Come on down!
I want a money oak lol
Lol I feel u.
I like to write and brag about as much positivity in this city as possible so keep up the hard work.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
Lovin' Louisiana cuisine
Our state is n Highest Risk BUT Debi in n the Highest of that!!
PRAYERS!
Happy Mother's Day to all our MoCo moms!
What are you doing to celebrate?
Breakfast in bed?
Brunch?
Tell us!
Online EP release date  Oct.
1st!
Enjoyed your take on Haywire's fight scenes.
They definitely stand out in their measured execution
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
Abraham Lincoln
Looking dapper, guys!
RT Great photo of  at last night's premiere of the 20112012 Movie Club
Naw you are okay, they are always updating stuffs and the old doctorvers stop working when you add certain programs.
One of my earliest memories is my dad bringing that car home.
I can't swear to it, but I think my mom threatened divorce.....
RT If SOPA and PIPA goes through, that may be the end of djs putting up dj sets and mashups on the internet.
RT : It was all a doctoram....used to read Word Up Magazine...
salt n peppa.
And heavy d up in da limousine
I hate arguments but I'm glad that the issue is resolved.
I feel so much better.
toys r us.
buying a chain and how to bank roll the jewelry.
Pop tha chain.
We're on the hunt for examples of bad journalism from Baltimore media.
Seen any lately?
Obama's budget voted down 990 in Senate.
This makes the 76er's feel better about themselves...but not much.
Marge gets a boost in her social life on tonight's episode of The Simpsons!
Watch with us at 5!
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich
lol send it to me, i wanna test something out
RT : Nothing like getting sprayed by an elephant
NICE dude!
RT Playing the 140 with 25 bounties tonight, will also be there, come join us
Is it good then?
I have no complaints thus far, then again its Ep1 so.
;
Hi Trisha.
Thanks for connecting here!
Don't forget about Rib Week starting October 10th!
how was the rodeo?
You're love never ending, You're grace never failing, redemption Is calling us home.
You are making all things new
Wow nice season finale for the Wizards.
Good morning America.
A vision without a task is a doctoram  a task without a vision is doctordgery but a task with vision can change the world.
Black Elk
Stem is one of those albums that's gonna take time for me, but it resonated immediately.
I really like many of Stef's reviews.
CRWV out at .065 momentum seems weak.
you're welcome !
:
Bitch ass freshmens coming to Utc already tryna snatch my girl if they knew wats good for them theyll leave her alone!
THeatre in a stairwell?
What was the play?
how did you approach lighting it?
Shabazz would get doctorfted top 3 in this years doctorft.
Nasty.
okay.
miranda i'm coming for you 
Thanx for the play!
I was wearing my lace up shirt at starbucks  had an entire conversation with the guy working about  got a free coffee :
My friend is subletting a Bellaire Houston apt for six months.
875 sq ft, hardwood floors, w/d, walkin closets.
Message for more info.
Hey Austin!!
How has your day been??3 :
My mom told me that I was born lefthanded but then I mysteriously switched hands
icnt wait to see you fav : 
Thanks Dave, I appreciate that!
Girls confuse me...
can the song be ghetto
Oh man, Kareem is wearing aovely bowtie, and TOWERS over the other contestants.
It's tremendous.
Dear School, There should be less hours of you,  more hours of sleep.
Sincerely, Everyone.
I wanna do a track w you before you become too big for my upcoming ass lmao
Loving the Twitter app update for andoctorid.
Blows all other Twitter apps and web version out of the water
i should probably start my homework.
Shout out to all our new followers!
Tell us something crazy about you so we can start getting to know you!
SAME HERE OMAAALAWD
So glad to see that favorited my tweet about boners :
Just saying there was a misterDaniels on Andy Petree's hood that finished 1st all those many years ago
Love love loved it!
Taking it down early tonight.
Leave me something cute please?
::D
Arizona immigration law: Another setback for Obama at Supreme Court?
Spacey lately...
getting ready for releases in July, Aug, Sept and Oct.
At least I know what I'll be listening to tomorrow.
Not yet!
YES I KNOW BRO WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY?
Girl you ain't no BARBIE, I see you work at Arby's, 2 supersize, hurry up I'm starving!
should become my friend so we can go thrift store shopping together 
i love love love love love winning.
Kinect software permits users to operate the Xbox Dashboard interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
Recording for the new 7 is done!
We're really excited to get this out
I need some new followers...
Help...
Sac emcee signs to , has two releases scheduled before June!
More on this in issue 106, out March 12.
: Dear sleep, I know we had problems when I was younger, but now I love you...
Nice!
Just found !
I'm sure many of our campers will want to attend this feast...
you are fired up over the story from Boston.com about Downtown.
I bought a sub at the subway in the Corner Mall today
Nice to see that they have Coca Cola in your undisclosed location.
better hit the gym and take advantage of the extra testosterone.
This day will be great.
Hoops expert brings you the latest on the NBAplayoffs on the show right now.
Why you wanna keep making me want you?
Well my voice came back :
did you intentionally spell that wrong?
haha  I don't think I could ever do that...
Knock on.
USA's Nese Malifa couldn't hold on to the pill.
ohailno.
WANNA FIGHT.
Nice!
Solid run!
Busy, but we've got all hands on deck.
Fire at will!
:
sounds good to me.
I'm super flexible so anytime after 16:00ish is good.
: Is Bill Cosby still on that team?
Or does he not meet the age requirement?
Well that's the first time a bus didn't come by in 20 mins.
Onto the el so I can get to the conference!
Be strong and let your heart take courage, all you who wait for and hope for and expect the Lord!
Psalm 31:24
just wanna say thnks muches 2 ever1 who txted n wished 4 me 2 have a happy mothers day...happy mothers day 2 all d proud mothers ot there
And we wish we could feed you!
Nothing wrong with a lazy Saturday morning, right?
Maybe we'll see you soon?
We need to connect!
Trust the instinct
Born this way 3
Just sent it .
Is your cat from HELL?
Now casting couples with an unruly cat!
email:
Which room do you mean?
The Owl Bar, or one of the ballrooms?
25 minutes of editing another's work just did more to clear my head than I can imagine.
Props to my little sis!
When people you don't even know hate you, that's when you know you're the best.
Paris Hilton
Compared to where I was a year ago, life is so much better now.
I find myself saying that constantly
Let's go Bruins!
Congratulations on the success of your business, respecting woman of color
heard it's less likely now that we'll have damaging storms.
Hope that's so.
So awesome!
:
Oh yeah?
I can name 23.
Harriet Schultz speaks about her book Legacy of the Highlands at the Friday Local Author Series today at noon in Meeting Room 5.
Starting the day off right will make your day a whole lot easier.
God Morning everybody.
I hate when teachers get mad that i had to go to the bathroom.
Excuse me for having to pee
I LITERALLY SNUCK ON THE COMPUTER TO SEE YOU PERFORM.
SINCE IM GROUNDED.
AND IM DEAD.
CUZ YOURE AMAZING.
IM DYING.CANTEVEN.
We tweeted it, is there any way you can grab it from twitter.
Where have you been all my life?
doctorgs lowers expectations.
Thats why most bums are fine with their lifestyle
I have an ugly friend you say Like a photo of your Facebook and I got the announcement, Are you sure?
Yes'm, old friends is always best, 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of
Do you like snowboard all year or something?
Lol
I can't DM you because you don't follow me.
MagicMonday has been blessed and Awesome so far!
:
Not having homework or a project to do or a test to study for has made my life very free for activities lol
Moneygall sure is excited for his visit!
I hope he spends a decent amount of time there.
Hehehe goodnight gonna go on a date with a beautiful Undie :
Ours is a subfolder  /visitindiana/blog and /visitindiana/techcorner/ for my tourism/tech blog
Personally offended when my timeline won't load.
okay I c.
also don't tweet and doctorve.
I'm working on a great scene from to do for Kendoctor Castleberry.
I love good writing.
Today's Question: What flavor of ice cream is eaten the most?
Ryan Anderson finally finds a three!
So how is everyone's life changing because the Dow Industrials hit the 13,000 level for the first time since May of 2008?
Hair has been tried and judged innocent...now time for a week of serious work!
what are the real numbers?
17
follow back ?
Favorite sport ?
Gym time!
oops typo, I mean Gin time!
I love that my connections on LinkedIn connect me with 1.6 million professorssionals.
Will be handy when jobhunting!
Went to lunch with Dustin and his family yesterday at the Golden Corral.
Artemus Ward I have given two cousins to war and I stand ready to sacrifice my wifes brother.
Thanks for the FF !
17.I like summer Turn On:When boys dont care if u 3 1D Turn Off:Boys who think they are truly gay
Just finished an inspiring call with an international organization interested in working with our students.
Exciting day at
Home from surg
Don't fret, last week's trivia winners!
Your SUBWAY GCs are on the way.
Thanks for your patience!
bulit a house up on that ass, that's a asstate!
: You never know if those guys could be lesbians or not.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx STEPHEN BRODIE
when are you free?
In the end, you'll realize you only have few true friends.
But that's better than having many random friends.
We also say our customers are the smartest!
seriously needs a job to get out of here.
dang she has no swagg..
never regret anything bcuz  1 time it wuz exactly wat you wanted
Watching tv like a boss :
the hotel internet would crash as I was doing an online quiz :
i'm going to punch the next employee that gives me a strange look when i ask them for help finding a highcut bodysuit.
Incidentally, when you type justin, the first result is Justin Bieber.
That must be humblingslashhumiliating.
Lookin to find wats next for me but grindin is goin to b a major part
You NEED to see movies during the baseball season, just to keep it real.
ALL IS LOST!
Damn you, Long Beach State.
Damn you to hell.
Can the Ravens please sign , that dude is a beast.
If people were labeled like chemicals, most would say 'Warning, Compressed Hot Air'.
Pandora ONE, well worth it!
Sorry to hear that.
What type of job are you looking to land?
haha duh silly.
I figured Madison was way closer than West Lafayette
So much fuckery is going on.
Working at office late tonight.....
You know, Chuck Norris would be a shot in the dark, I bet, haha.
Guess who turns 19 in exactly one month...
: :
me too.
Happy Monday Morning Tweeps!
Got a little bit of the Memphis blues after the Clippers eliminated the Grizzlies yesterday on Beale Street.
Practicing zen product design.
It will al work out.

collegepasspromo AlaskaRailroad kidding!
Got a zit?
Squeezing spreads bacteria and can damage the area creating a scar.
Keep it simple, don't pop that pimple!
I'm getting there!
Are you?
Whats good K !
I'm doing good and u?
WE ARE HAVING FUN!!
National Hugging Day was created in 1986 by Rev.
Kevin Zaborney from Caro, Michigan.
Strangely, this day is copyrighted!
Perspective is worth 80 IQ points.
Great piece in Forbes on energy  buildings.Can u DM me an email addoctorss?
Would love to pitch you on an idea.
Tonight's the night!!
3rd annual dance fest w/ ,  kicks off today.
When're YOU going?
Long day tomorrow....
RT : Santorum's tendency to outperform his polling averages is statistically significant.
If different people are responsible for different sections, include is very helpful.
It's must be your ass cause it AIN'T YOUR face I need a tip doctorll..cause you a tip doctorll...damn I used to love that song !!!
Just watch it become Iggy's best selling ever!
familyGuy is cracking me up
fantastic!!!
spread the word to your friends to check us out!
Alright Good Night!
They should trade him to the Warriors for Kwame Brown...
Moses supposes erroneously
Back to real life I go.
I'll miss you Indy.
DAMN is slow lol
RT : I have every tweet framed in a room with candles.
you need a new hobby!
LOL
Just Tried Zumba for the first time!
Must practice my 123's for next week.
Definitely good for an easy sweat!
Take my tweets to heart that's on you
yo that shit happens to me too.
Sprint is like a turtle in a rabbit race when it comes to their plans.
Taught my daughter pig Latin today.
We are doctorving the boys INSANE.
great day
Yep, I've been following for awhile now.
When I lived in N.O., the Hornets didn't exist, so I never was a fan.
I agree!
Flyers are not my favorite.
I still sometimes slip Filthadelphia before Flyers here and there...
yeah, you should probably not do that anymore.
Sentence found in DC cab:Some made illfitting locks like marionettes, while others clapped as if afraid their hands might seal together.
Nuttin' like a glass of wine n good tunes yo!weGNUTTyywe
Austin made his twitter account on September 29, 2010
Today is the final day to join the Y and pay no join fee!
Come in today to take part in this amazing offer!
I was not stopping you from doing anything, there's no need to be all rude, I was only telling the truth.
Check out my chemical romance's alternate version of sing
Thanks to all who supported our tweet regarding free tax prep in Chula Vista tomorrow!
Have a great weekend!
Nice!
We had a few of you guys come in for books at the semester start.
What year are you?
What r u majoring in?
I'm a fan of Coldplay  o 
favoriteNBAMoments my favorite team winning!
:
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err
Hey buddy.
great tunes.
I dig your style.do you have a fb page?
sending you a Beat That We Vibing on in The Studio Itt Mad.
ThingsThatGetMePissed Unnecessary, excessive amounts of HOMEWORK.
D:
2 weeks till break
Let's see what tomorrow will brings?
UN Resolution on South Sudan  Sudan is CRAZY!
They are as alike as apples and jihadist terrorists.
Speak up for Justice.
Vacation please
Congrats babes ; Have a good one!
One unexpected thing I learned at this SAA: trains don't have cabooses anymore, because they were replaced by automated devices.
thanks!
I will incorporate your suggestions very soon!
Excellent!
Thanks!
Spotify and iTunes are probably your best bet!
The vocal editing on this new Usher song is horrible.
Stop trying to emulate
Haha.
Be strong, man!
RT:: Got this personalized diet sheet, now all I gotta do is follow it...
I'm so freaking sleepy this morning  I don't really feel good :
you are the man!
Brought excitement back to MKE bball.
sent you an email back.
let us know man.
Music fuels me.
I don't know where I'd be without it
I am honored to be your first.
When most people think of tile, they think ceramic tile, but there is a host of other products that fit into the category too.
RT : Ryan Kennedy is young cancer patient whose desire is to trend on Twitter.
Let's help him!!
That tweet was too good to not be a part of the public timeline!
omg is that real?!
Oh my God, that smile why do you have it?
I can only hope for more than one distant pale blue dot that's home
I wanted to say hello to all my new friends and followers !
I hope you are having a spectacular Tuesday !
Yes.
Let's touch base Sunday am and see what time works and her feeding schedule :
She luvs the way I pull it in and out
Who wants to come help cheer on the  other marathoners this Sunday?
You inspire me!
: have a goodnight
Piano time.
Say something cuz your all in my head33
it's another beautiful day out Portland.
come on in and grab a turkey club togo and enjoy the day!
Thanks.
It was a pretty doctorve and the air was nice and fresh!
Starbucks is cray cray right now!
Tebow joke in the meeting.
Check.
enjoy the flame.
that's always fun!
:
Mandatory Vehicular Rant: Dear car in the turning lane, please move faster so I can actually make the turning light for once!
Thank you!
25 years ago this day, the world was blessed with the birth of a kind, beautiful, artistic genius.
Myspace is alive and well:
RT If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen.
It means you're not ready for it!
I been weed free for 3 and half years and happy I made that decision .
Actually, skype has become a verb, as in I'll skype you later.
Again, Ghangout isn't doing the verb thang.
The other most wonderful sports time of the year is September: Still OWR season, baseball pennant races  playoffs, and the NFL.
hey boo :
hi love.
How r u?
Shhh!
It's not my fault if they're illinformed.
We were all over: Williamsburg, Bushwick, Greenpoint.
Good shoot!
you were right fire stuff yesterday
Happy birthday, Travis.
I hope you have the perfect day today!
So tired haven't slept all night and school starts in a lil bit
Can't Be Scared Of Something Your Skeptical About
yeah!!!!
And then we will have to grab lunch or something Tuesday if you're not bsuy :D
Mark Horvath telling his story naeh12 quick take a pic he's not tweeting while he speaks ;
Glad to hear that...well deserved!!
Katy Perry channels Britney with Grammy performance on a swing.
Also reps next gen of pop stars to be face of
Great job Kyle.
I really appreciate your post game tweets.
looking for an easy way to have work Outlook world on my iphone but easily turned off come the weekend.
ideas?
Yeah, the people that buy groceries at Metca....hey...WAIT A MINUTE!!
LOL something like that
thanks!
I think it looks pretty good on the tree!
:
Thank you David..
Have a wonderful weekend.
:D
What team do you want to win the Super Bowl?
Do you have a favorite team?
gcyale : We lost the debate on whether to censor.
The only question now is how?
We should be open about it.
girl in one weekend i witnessed an extreme amount of hate...
doctorma..lmao!
Like no smiles..
I was like why does everyone
Woke up this morning with a crazy sore throat.
I just want to sleep all day.
I'm still in a bad mood too 
RT  To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Lacrosse 101 to educate parents on kids on the sport of lacrosse, Wednesday, 3:30 at 1379, 2727 Exposition Blvd, right by Starbucks.
Ah, Muir Woods is one of my favoritest places in the world.
Yes, definitely!
And it doesn't help when others assume a small, narrow range of possible goals
Ayy, just throw it in the bag .
I've got high aspirations for this summer.
Things have been put into motion earlier tonight.
It's all bound to lead to something good.
Most of the time lately I catch myself daydoctoraming that Willy Wonka takes over Henry Paulsen's role.
Why?
Why do I think Wonka could fix it?
Workin the beat girl!!
SP downgraded the United States credit rating to AA for the first time ever.
What an exclamation point to a volatile week!!
And I, I will always live you, you ...
I will keep my feelings bottled up.
Just to see who cares to unscrew the cap.
I have a couple of ideas in the cut.
I've been holding back some songs because I need a singer with a good work ethic
HAPPY THURSDAY FRIENDS!!!
OK Hootsuite, I only have ONE FREAKING ACCOUNT attached.
It is Twitter.
STOP ASKING ME TO CHOOSE A professorLE BEFORE YOU POST MY TWEETS!
Got it
KaraokeNight is in full swing come on by we will be here until 11pm!!!!
Overcast weather won't stop our sunny vibes just 2 hours until the Grand Opening ceremony for Las Margaritas Apts!
Keith, start a website that FOLLOWS propaganda in this country.
FollowTheLie.com or something
memorizing the prologue to Romeo and Juliette to present in front of the class tomorrow..
Oh Man I need a smiley of Boozers face in reaction to that last play
Yo You wanna Go Get em Now Al?
Hey Albuquerque, dine with us tonight and participate in our free wine sampling starting at 6pm.
Cheers!
Any woman i deal with has to understand that at any given moment I can be a full time dad..she has to be ready to deal with that.
Can she?
Ms.
Pickett is really misguided and uninformed  certainly not prepared for uppers level of discourse
trying to figure out how to get rid of someone, who will just not leave....
Oyyy FML
Stop in for our Crab Cake Torta!
Served on Burillo Bread and topped w our Mexican slaw and COA mayo!
See you soon!
: I forget stat i read couple of years ago, i believe 50 still blighted DT
Today in 1984, What's Love Got to Do With It was a hit.
we miss you in big leagues!!!
your passion and intensity was unmatched by anyone!!!
you'll be back for years to come!
:
faulty plumbing is the worst
in Portland caters to a multitude of highend car enthusiasts, making us a force in this competitive market.
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS
Forgot the power cord for my laptop.
May have a nervous breakdown in 3...2...1...
This video is RIDICULOUS
RT : NO BUCK HOW w/  Boy Blue at Turner Hall TONIGHT!
FREE FREE until show
My husband is so handy!
And I totally mean in the handyman way!
Ok, innuendo, too.
Why not?
travesty that the sequel lacked the Rock and also that it wasn't called Walking Tall 2: Walking Taller
Recently made the transition from OSX to Wish there was more production quality imaging software.
Otherwise its awesome!
Well deserved standing O for  ounceluncheon  moving speech on the need for equity in education, ensure there are no others
RT Play for a chance to win 1 of 3 Microsoft LifeCams
I'm a fan of Frank's website, he's a nice gentleman as well.
NEEDS to be on the next TCA!
He's really amazing!!
:  TCABoy xoxo  Justine.
so far soo good :
good looks jennie, its a great feeling.
Tomorrow should be a glorious day.
Intending to wear all white, head to toe.
Fly or die
Without and life would be so sad bestfriends loveyouall 
Finally got to try some delicious Kansas City BBQ.
My trip is now complete.
Yeah, it means spring training is almost here, I'm like yhe Groundhog of baseball.
sounds like my schedule
Pretty sure I have the pandora station personally set to, rage my face off.
Best ever.
Congrats 2 Washington MathScience Boys BB Team  1st Round Winner in the Washington Charter School Ath.
Assoc.
Tourn.
DC Youth Rock!
Only 4 People In My Class  ......
RPS Libraries have awesome Romantic Comedy Displays at all of our centers!
Come visit and check out something that will make you smile :
Wanna know who's a bigger dirtbag than Bill Maher?
Try swingin' a dead cat Michelle.
A game 7 is one of the most exciting events in sports.
We have complete coverage of the Bruins on 7News at 5:30.
Awesome interview with Chris from FLASH POINT COMMUNICATIONS  STOKED for Gimme the Gig II
Or, as my Polish husband put it: Dis make me not wonna watch next season.
Bullsheet.
lololo, I do too: And then I prolly can't stop laughing.
Sociology final, over and done with.
We'll let your Chem, Anthro, and SciFi finals know you're coming for them.
In my day, we'd watch our subpar SP go up against their Cy Young winner  who pitched for us the prev.
year.
I love road trips!
Check out the St.
Louis Museum of Art and the City Museum across town, a repurposed factory.
doctorvers, laugh all you want at my ugly Leaf.
It just blew past you at 80mph and cost me 5 a week in fuel.
Franois Auguste Ren Rodin Nobody does good to man with impunity.
Looking for some examples of photo  video galleries for high volume in web.
Any suggestions?
so says 's Facebook page.
We look forward to meeting you whenever you come to play at No Shame!
my thoughts about jason petrie and the whole doctorse thing, he too does not understand how hashtags work.
I miss watching play basketball.
Where is digitalkidscon?
ATT UVERSE CUSTOMERS please Contact The Hallmark Channel and request their Network back on your cable provider
Gleaming the Boner
Now we find out if the Zebras are gunna screw us
I never use consumer, only customer if being generic.
More words to endorse better habits  xclnt challenge.
Rise  Grind!
But first, going to get this workout in with the beasts themselves!
Can't wait for tonight!
I'll try to live tweet, but I may be too overwhelmed with pleasure
follow 4 follow?
if not sorry!
Free promotion site on my professorle if u need hits to your likes, follows, 1, views
made the jumbotron
Food fact of the Day: March 8th, 1923 The Coca Cola 6 bottle carton was introduced.
oops Sorry....guess I shouldn't tell the world what I had for breakfast then 
I am a college graduate!!!!
You're annoying :
WKU, Murray St, and UofL, all won their conference now it's time for UK.
AH the pilot of House!
oi, now i know what shark bate feels like
ain't that the truth.
my head still hurts.
Just call me
I'm going to get Taraji's coif from Think Like a Man on Friday!
looking foward to this test in my biology class getting ready fo class shi my ankle hurts
According to sources, the Wallflowers have announced a new album, coming out in the Fall.
They should title it: Two Taillights.
I've never seen the sky so blue.
Cinema4D Real good program I'd reccomend it
Can't access my college magazine's story on transgendered people on Google Docs.
Error message says it violated Google's TOS.
awesome!
looking forward to it.
That is beautiful.
Where is it?
I just lost my balls!
I'm gonna use that if you don't mind...
LOL
do it
OnceUponATime I had a doctoram..
It was horribly crushed when I backed over it with my
We are now announcing the raffle winners!
YAY!
If you hear your name head for the Raffle Table!
is giving us not 1 but 2 Police songs in a row!
Night jog
Thanks Kati!
I hope that you have a great weekend!
Why care about a 7 who is messing with 2s in the city of 10's?
What's your favorite SnapCut video you've seen or made?
Share it with us!
idk who to trust anymore.
he lied, yes thats true, but everybody lies now and again, but how much of it was a lie?
Had so much fun tonight for mixer!
Excellent networking opportunity.
Excited to build new relationships.
me too
you know my first real interaction w/ Matt?
He shushed me  told me I was too loud at Borders.
; He is too quiet
If we were to cover ANY song, what one would you choose?
The gayer the better!
now can i get a follow sir?
A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
People better learn to appreciate who they have in their life because other's are always looking to upgrade!!!!

I wonder if a 1.5 second appearance hits the requirements to make the IMDB site
Stout is coming to Studio City!
I love the guys response to the cops: It's only like 20 yards hahahah
No prob !
Thank you!
You might think it's a good idea to hairspray your eyebrows, I'm here to tell you it's not.
People work if the wages justify the labor and there are folks who'd work in those harvests, if there is dignity and fair wages
do u have a relationship with him or sumthing im sending this to people magazine
All of your decisions in life are based upon your foundation  John Di Lemme
Relaxing with an Argentina Cab.
yo thnks for the follow!
Help promote?
hahahaha whoops!
I forgot
I'm not a fake person who talks smack online I say it to the face and I dont care!I said I can sometimes be sour read my info!
listening to stan getz this morning on pandora's 'cool jazz.' somehow, i feel significantly less stressed than i did before i put this on.
can I have your metabolism, please?
Thanks for the feedback.
Glad the adventurers are still getting after it though.
Can't lose those folks.
ha!
it's a great movie and I know a lot of guys who like it!
I love love love the song with this scene ;
Yet, North Korea continues to exist with people who suffer almost unimaginable material deprivation, far worse than mideast Why?
Frasier and Scrabble.
Can it get much better?
Religion is doing what you are told no matter what is right
As a Redlegs fan I can never ever ever want the St.
Louis redbirds to win!
I don't joke about Justin .
We've got a fullsize fourposter King bed with a canopy, if anyone wants to come help us use it.
:
So pissed off that my HAIR just got patted down by TSA...what would be hiding in my hair
I havent tweet for a while .
Annually, public library systems coordinate sharing of 9 million items between WI public libraries to serve residents efficiently!
DPI stats
how long are you going to be in Vegas?
they have like 160 different types on beers.
And if it didn't cost me an arm and a leg I so would.
who has jumper cables ?
i'm stuck in the parking lot 
Thanks Amalia!
Hope you and Brandon are well!
: Have a fun weekend.
So Kiko Is Humping Her Doll 
Know an awesome Interactive Creative person who needs a raise?
Creative Group has several positions I'd like to interview you or your frien
Being an adult is biting your tongue to avoid the domino effect.
Also called picking battles.
Also called letting friends fight their own.
Another viewpoint RT : Let's get one thing straight: these people aren't 'protesting', they are thieving and destroying.
Thanks to all our NEW followers !
We appreciate your support of our business venture!
Like us on www.fanmailshop.com
Time to work the bar for the first time in a couple of weeks.
I'm closing so come visit.
in you two.
Not here.
Not like this.
That's what DM's and private messages are for.

So GREAT to hear about your Dove nomination!
Keep on singing!!!
: Hospitality, Fashion, Art, Entertainment..
Industries unites tonite Sundays as The Chicago Industy Alliance!!
Check out the Twitter page  it's like one long autoresponder.
Is there a REAL HUMAN in there somewhere?
is opening at 4 today!
Come sit at the bar and keep me company!
We're raring to go for this weekend's 42nd Annual Music Festival at Sandy Lake Amusement Park!
Come out at lunchtime Saturday and support YG
maybe we can kiss in the rain tomorrow
Humane society provides program to help pet owners  Altavista
yep, my weekend traffic is negligible.
Always felt when I push Friday afternoon posts they don't get attention they might otherwise
Leaders can foster camaraderie by supporting employees' grassroots efforts
RT if you picked up a sperantsa hat today downtown!
got it don't worry ur on my agenda.
Just am in and out of meetings today!
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
Omg.
2day is so hot outside.
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....I'll still be the same ol ME, but, just RICHER !
Love my Jayhawks.
No shame in one heck of a season!!
RT : if any of your followers want to win baby gear from our client look at their Facebook for...
The Big Bang Cheeseburger  Fries for only 8!
GENIUS!
Come try it for yourself  check out TheBigBangTheory on TBS tonight at 10/9c!
So both LA hoop teams made it to the second round.
Damn, I might have to retire my Clipper jokes if they keep this up.
Girl Scout cookie orders arrive here today.
My order of 8 boxes might be a little excessive.
yes i did!
she had a pretty clear vision of what she wanted too, which was great
Don't do that
wait you gotta follow Me first lolol ;l
Thatd b cool if they still played winnie the pooh on tv:o

Hey bestie, how is my greatest inspiration these days?
amazingly blessed :
I AM SO IN LOVE WITH YOU CHARLES
I lust that show the girl is hot like u!?
:
I just signed up on twitter and all I see is dtraink?
AMovieToDescribeMyEx Baby Boy
I hope it doesn't rain at the beach !!!!
Come visit us in Nash!
thats weird.
now u gon have me thinking bout u wen i doctornk grape juice..
Writing sweet, sweet melodies.....
Mom called me a 'skinny jerk' this morning......thanks mom
Save money and schedule both spring and fall swamp cooler services at once.
Albuquerque call 7192178546
San Diego show  Soma this Saturday w/ The Higher!
Show starts at 7pm and tickets are 10.
Come support FTA!!!
final test today :
Again?!
You're like one of those people who win all the radio contests!
; mister CONGRATS Winners of small McCafe
Our family is going 2 do the Tebow pose 4 our Christmas Family Picture.
Lol
3 more days till reality tv star Domenico Necci from MTV will be shootin his new show insideMcfaddens for his birthday bash
and I am so embarrassed about that marriage.
My bad.
I just wish it was a whole show of his work one can doctoram!
Losing is more personal when you own the team, said my son sagely after the GB Packers loss on the heels of his stock purchase.
Thanks for the DM.
I love your band!
you are most welcome!
Run or walk???
RT : Gas station run time..
lol to many hot dogs.
And it's good!
I love it.
And Chickfila???
I do have peace about it though because I know my purpose!
Which is to serve others and God supports that!
current word count?
0/50,000.
I have no creativity right now.
Is it ok to continue a previously started novel?
Teaching Zumba tonight at Edgewater Athletic Club!!
First Zumba class in Chicago since moving here in July....eek!
Thank you!
I liked it a lot!
She knows how to put on a show.
John Baptiste DuSable is more like it...RT James Hardens beard got like a John the Baptist vibe to it...
Patron wanted to use the stapler.
Everybody in my row just said Oh no all at once.
I got you!
I'm ona boat
'member when u used to wait in line?
Now its just ebay RT : : Gold Life Signing with tonight 68pm!
thank you sir!
You're a gentleman and a scholar!
And have impeccable taste!
That's what makes it great.
It's only 1 game, and then anything can happen in game 7.
I am going to try  go to that game too
Hope is wishing something would happen.
Faith is believing something will happen.
Courage is making something happen
Astonishing.
Besides the row of portapotties, no evidence that there were thousands of people in the park this morning.Good job, Denver.
Congrats to Rosalind Gates, Detroit Cass Tech Class of 1980, named new CEO of Sam's Club
I am seriously disappointed in ALL of my family.
Just booked my first official gigs bitches!!!
Looking forward to my first rehearsal tonight of The Vagina Monologues!
...same or similar in style.
Subtitles can vary in color and font, but aren't to accessibility standards
Fuck the Giants !
HEYY!
Longtime no talk.
Good Morning, Congrats all that good stuff lol
My Sundance sweatshirt is vintage, meaning, I've never even been to Sundance yet.
Nevertheless, I get mad respect when I wear it in public.
Couple more hours of work then off for the next two days, I can't wait
Hah, it was ok.
Back at you chief
i think the flash was a joke or car explation or some sort of bomb or someone lighting of fireworks or UFO.
: omg!!!
You found me on twitter!!
:D lol shanks
Watching on cause I'm awsome
leveling up on yall
Thanks for the shout out, Justo.
Love your stuff.
That bowlin last night got me feelin like a old ass man today
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Ben is injured and there is no telling what will happen if the broncos get to him
that's a eggplant
NOW!
yes bring da bored!
and i l3ve you too :
what's a little alcohol poisonin?
what's a little fight tomorrow you'll be boys again!
hang in there:!
AH BY BRITHDAY IS NEXT WEEK : I CANT WAIT :
rot!
The outfit, the hair, the whole thing is weird!
love the Not Just The Best of The Larry Sanders Show, money well spent
FF HYFR u better follow my boys...
all of em put in
Is it football season yet?
RT : That's right!
Have you received your FREE 30 minute session with FLO FUSION FITNESS???
Call us TODAY!!!!!
Shoutout to :D everyone follow!!!!!!!
I feel bad not going to the game tonight, but then I don't.
Here left to say, it's true God gave me you.
This class
line 7 is a set comprehension so data is an iterable, not a string
We needed that win!!!!!
Big game!
Welcome to NY.
Heading to Long Beach in a few to pick up my Poppa!
Once I pin down one more Viognier this week  we will rock this viognier tasting at MissWineOH HQ.
Who wants in?
with a passion!
Great book talk today Thanks to everyone who came!
4.
Achieving routine whole genome sequencing, for 1,000 or less  doctor Green,
Merry Christmas.
you still owe me a dockyard partnership beer!
love what you do for Detroit!
keep up the incredible work in supporting entrepreneurship in the D!
People let other people have a chance to get to Madison.
Gosh.
33 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous?
or I Love You Brianna?: Please Make my doctoram Come True!
I Love You So Much :/
Hard to celebrate the little victories when you want it all!
Haha.
How many responses did you get?
thank you!
hope you're doing well :
If you are attending the Textiles Show in Istanbul, be sure to listen to Mujde Abdis present seasonal trends!
That is something we would appreciate knowing also.
Thanks
haha ik!!: I text u but someone doesn't answer!
Getting ready for The Blonds spring 2012 show.
hey Kim what's up
Minnetonka moves onto the semifinals.
Defeating Eagan by a score of 41.
I don't think it's safe to have him over anymore lol.
Melo with braids  Melo without braids...
Thanks for the welcome!
You have a nice week too!
Oh and I've got a single/album cover shoot tomorrow: its an all day thing.
but it's gonna be good
Anyone an expert in monetary policy??
really!?
wow I wish I was in new york!
Miss my love.
Seski remind friends to send birthday pic to !
RT: Don't look like I'm going to sleep no time soon  you  me both girl :/
I like you.
So best of luck and congrats.
But I'm levels of angry at them.
:/
: follow back a pls would of been nice but ii am
You doctorve your own car in your own lane, and I love it.
Goodnight Jess : It's been very nice chatting with you tonight!
Sleep well and have wonderful doctorams!
Xoxo
agree honey!!!
Hope all is well!
I wish I were going cause the line up is pretty good.
They got me with Nas lol
My daughter just got into her first play at Liberty University.
We are so proud of her!!
Great reporting on political ads.
However, isn't the problem broadcasters accepting these ridiculous ads in the 1st place???
DaylightSavings: proof that it only takes one hour to totally mess me up.
It is unfortunate that we seek approval from the very people in constant critique of us.
Neither understanding our thoughts or motivations
Ha!
Thanks, a friend made it for me.
I thought it was pretty cool.
AH!
It's almost Christmas, need a quick eye brow wax!?
GIVE US A CALL, SPOTS ARE OPEN FOR TOMORROW 37 PM!
full disclosure  it was at the new Hideaway in OKC.
Not the same, but still very good.
oh man!
I hated working there.
But I'm sure you'll like it.
I like the Vette we have.
Digital dash and shit.
Hey all!
My friend just joined Twitter.
Say hi and give her a follow.
cc:
Movie Review: American Reunion Bakes Up That Familiar Pie Humor Review in a Hurry: Jim, Michelle, and the rest of the Class of 1999 retur
RT if you are looking forward to NZWineDay on February 5th at Kenmore Live Studio!
Mark your calendars.
are you still here?
..to the programmer and frankly I think they find selfproclaimed ideas people kind of annoying.
Code can be intellectual work too!
Most sheet music ain't worth the paper it's printed on.
Just pushed the send button on my email, turning down an offer.
George Arnold The living need charity more than the dead.
Do some Neil Peart doctorm covers!
:P
why isn't the apple site working?!
Done.
That's make me 99674.
Good luck and happy St.
Pat's day!
Mostly a pain in your ass!
Thanks for putting up with me for the last 7 years.
I love you
also thinking Hartford!
Maybe for the half!
There's a woman here who does on my last leg.
She only has one leg.
you were already invited!
Make it happen soon!
just had a frozen hot chocolate.....i like it.
FF Follow this marvelous girl!
so fabulous!
do you remember the girl who lifted her shirt in seattle tacom?
What was your reaction???!
FreshBoyBand seriously has the sexiest voices
Would you resign Blanton?
Lmfao is this kid for real!!?
omg..
Too funny
Regarding Seau's death, seems there's some circumstantial evidence suggesting brain injury but we don't know for sure.
Ok ill check it out.
Thanx : are you releasing an EP or album anytime soon?
If you're trying to sell at the Jamboree you need to email us.
..um ..psshh what do you know about that son ....
Listening to some biddy say due to the fact her country pays everyone a good salary she doesn't understand tips.
I get paid 2.30 an hour...
Both are available, although I am booking shoots, so mornings are best, say 11:00.
I dont remember anyone helpin me out when i was starvin, now i got cake, u bitches wanna hold something, nigga ill let u hold a hollowtip!
I hope it come
Really enjoyed the webcast with 16th cannot come fast enough.
ah that sucks.
Sorry/:
: Today is 50th anniversary.
Wilt avg 50.4 PPG that season.
Oscar Robertson averaged a tripledouble.
which is more impressive?
Did you do a whirlwind tour/twitterview?
curious about your experience.
Save some money on a nice dinner through www.crowdclick.com  50 off at Tulip Mediterranean Restaurant!
Good job team
Yes sir!!
RT : He's alive!
Time to party 
if the LORD chooses me to be the mother of Jesus's 2nd coming I WILL pee my pants omg I'll be so FUCKING psyched!
Sorry God!
:
2nd game this week.
Guess I'm a real fan now.
Adele taking 5 years off from singing to focus on love?!
Will this be a happily ever after?!
Tweet ya later!!
Lol better than writing a research paper.
Be our 400th follower and win an icecold PBR tshirt.
State Rep Jason Isaac is moderating today's debate.
All around the country
Just a quick jaunt to Miami, nbd.
Are you serious!?
RT : Just got a black eye from the hail
People wear beats like necklace more than headphones
There's always two sides to every story.
The chart has only criminal laws.
Did you also put together common law/civil chart?
e.g., Capitol Records v.
Naxos in NY?
So happy Quinn is okay!!
just had her on air..
Check out MiniBük samples at NSAUN exhibitor: Blooming Twig Books.
An esteemed MiniBük Value Added Reseller!
See new book too!
that's cool!
I think I have to go back to the store!!!
yup so you gone add me
Great photography skills!
after reading the grand jury testimony it's hard 2 argue with u.
In addition to the evil acts there were gross acts of omission
Yes, that is why my swineloving family is celebrating mom's day there next month.
Thanks Jen!
: But you are too!!!
So addicted to skyrim.
Will I ever paint again?!
The number of contributors to issue 6 is about to quadoctorple.
Keep sending your beautiful art, beautiful people.
Too broke to buy the Washed Out album today.
I hate waiting.
RT : Congratulations!
Your JustCoz page has been activated.
You can start recruiting supporters!
doctornk because you are happy, but never because you are miserable.
Gilbert K.
Chesterton
Just finished watching SPAWN, the CGI sucks ass...
I thought it was the shxt when I was a jit tho.
I'm up earlier actually but don't hop on the webs till a bit later ;
Dani wants to know what the medication is and how she can get herself a prescription for it...
cause baby tonight, the DJ's got us falling in love again.
ColorMeBlack in full swing
Had a fun morning today in Queens beautiful weather to get out on meadow lake, lookin 4ward to the next class!
Dorothee Solle If my hands are fully occupied in holding on to something I can neither give nor receive.
Our Visitors Center will be open for Spring Trolley Shopping on March 31st!
I'm on my patio with a winter lager!
oh is that all : every day, I long to worship
I hate when I have to confirm my email to sign up for something.
Yes, thus makes total sense.
Underpaying.
Yeah.
Its cool RT : i misread doctorws tweet about money wooops
Sorry.
I can't find your DM.
Please try again...
thnx!
I will have to look this up on Hulu tonight
That awkward moment when you confuse your friend by saying jklo or jmo ..
TheICONicThings 
God damnit.
I fucked up my mustache while i was shaving....i look like Hitler now.
Ima just shave the whole thing off now lol
the show was asdfghjkl AMAZING3  Dave  Buster's was so fun!
:D
Where can I get a decent bike for a decent price
Mmoss just played the shortest opening set I've seen in a long time
RIP, Whitney Houston.
An icon that sang about the Greatest Love of ALL.
Remember that tonight.
Sad and too soon for her to go.
Hehe alright : You're welcome and well I was already awake by then but thank you  love you most xo
Question: Do we have wifi in the room?
Answer: Yes, in all scms12 conferencence rooms and most public spaces.
See you there.
Ok, time to start The Hunger Games on my lunch break.
Woot.
Time to join popular culture.
come get me from school
If today is a day you honor, honor the reason everyday, If u visit a church don't make it ur once a year quota....
Uh NO!
Last week of March Madness.
Are you close to your 25 classes?
FF hope you are having a GREAT week!
This game being fixed seems so much more plausible than someone being this bad at their jobs.
did i tag you?...no
Happy Monday, !
Glad 2 have you following.
Be sure 2 check out for the latest in all things mktg, adv, PR and design.
If it doesn't grow walk or swim, don't eat it.
Ok So OMG Girlz new Song Got Me Jammin This Morning Lol Where Them Boys At, Where Them Boys At lol
Jets back up is better than the starter now marks gonna get his feelins hurt when that crowds starts chantin tebow.
tuffin up
Bar top quote of the night People will not look forward to posterity who never look backward to their ancestors EB
I think the performance group is looking for publicity in all the wrong places
Thanks for ALL the printed collateral for BabyBashBling!
I appreciate your professorssionalism creativeness graphicvision!
Leaving wifi...bye!
Anybody at TEDxWDC want to independently organize a way to support the Treyvon Martin rally at 2pm?
Wish I could be in 2 places  once...
I love catching people in the middle of lies!
Hehehe;
Sorry I didn't get to say bye, but I'll be back in DC in a few weeks...maybe we'll be coworkers?
;
u mean the song?
my elbow KILLS dude .
stand up mixers  accessories make a gal feel invincible!
I love you and all but sit yo ass down!
Lmfao
join us March 5 for our Reno bus trip.
There will be doctornks, food, and plenty of fun!
Above all, your  benefits our program.
Stay tuned!
They will have that cake!!
Yeah, it feels baller, but it's already half empty.
Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen.
Goethe quote believe create success write art RT
Another two and a half hours.
This is crap
yeah late night practicing!
that pumkin pie turned into more of a pumpkin soup in a very thin bread bowl...bummer
Blonde Joke Competition tonight hosted by getting us ready for sundayfunday and
I will praise the Lord as long as I live; I will sing praises to my God while I have my being.
Psalm 146:2
i'll never let you go..
The persistent buildup of acids causes acidosis which is responsible for bone loss, imflammation, premature aging and more.
Oh wow!!
I've never felt one!
At the library!!
I ain't gonna lie, I havent been here in years 
: how are you?
Thank you for letting us help!
RT : Big thanks to for raising money for a great cause!!!!
just heard nba about 100 million apart based on last years revenues
whaaaaaaats going on
Derek Jeter to test market
I wish cancer got cancer and died.
Everton keen on bringing Beckham back to EPL
Question Who is your favorite Ray?
East nashville underground tonight!
607 s 12th
Last week of summer vacation :
What happened to you guys on Friday?
No email to let me know u weren't coming?
Thought u were pumped for Hot100 ?!!
Rookie Of The Year/Backseat Goodbye at The Rochester American Legion Hall tonight!
8pm 10
I'm on a mission man
Pfizer Animal Health Names doctor Christine Jenkins as Group Director, U.S.
Veterinary Medical Services
We have a real problem in the country.
It's called the Republican Party.
I hate when you wanna do things that I don't want to .
Personalize your Wristbands at NYC Printing 123.
You can Customize your wristband using our Paper Tyvek, Silicone, and Vinyl.
Call now...
Did you hack with us this weekend?
Let's see a tweet from all of you!
Madonna said it best in Human Nature  I'm not your bitch don't hang your shit on me.
I'm over my cube.
goodoctorddance .
also, did you see my celtics come thru in the clutch?
yeah.
that's right.
How do you know they don't?
No...The Bulldog owns me :
strode barefoot down the road strewn with the debris of broken glass hearts.
Like umm Wesabi but about menses not money!
Why does it give me anxiety when my truck is a mess?
Is anyone else like this??
what did she do ?
lol.
fox, cnn 'confused' by democratic votes for santorum.
fun watching the despots of disinformation gag on someone else's subterfuge.
And so it begins...
THIS : I should doctorve a Chevy because it will survive the apocalypse and a Ford won't?
One word, Chevy: Bailout.
This is my tweet complaining about Blake Griffin flopping.
That is all.
Thanks for hosting smisterboot!
Nice chance to put faces to names.
Thanks for participating.
Helpful ideas.
im fallin' fast, but the truth is im not scared at all 3
It grinds my gears when someone is like tell me the truth and then gets mad when someone tells them the truth.
Lol
lol are u serious !!
I'm still a beast on the court ..
Idk but I want to
Vogel can't keep going to his bench in playoffs like he did in season.
Has to lean more on starters.
Bench just not that good.
Librarians like all Americans need to get on board to cut spending.
Find better ways to do things, not more expensive ones.
When all else fails...
try smiling!
.: I'm amazed there aren't more art critics w/ blogs.
has a big platform on FB, but where are the rest?
Rdm fact NM's fav food item is spelled CHILE and in '83, Sen.
Pete Dominici made it official by putting it in Congressional Records.
God has really put something on my heart today !
Thinking about starting my own movement/ organization stop bullying
' may I barrow it for tomorrow?
I was listening to Elton John, but I might have to pull out the big guns to survive the day.
I need to turn this day around.
Randomly smile, it makes people wonder what your thinking...
Attending college doesn't guarantee you a job...
You have to network for yourself  showcase what you gained from your education.
I WILL NEVER APOLOGIZE FOR WHO I AM!
stay tuned
Apparently Noel's on there too.
The true Oasis talent.
What's the Boot Camp?
And can you help get a LNYHBT tee?
Is this going to be a new contest?
Good morning all!!
Saturday!!!
Next thing you know, Gary Neal will be wearing a Reinforcement on his head.
is looking for 3 people to review restaurants/bars, movies/music, and concerts for a new segment on our radio show.
its so weird planking cause me and my friend do it all the time we plank on mailboxes cars houses anything we can think lol
This game gets so competitive !!!
I think females should start talking as much shit as these niggas do .
Wikipedia is right more than you give it credit.
twitter party, leggo
Has anyone come across studies on the Ryan Gosling memes, including publications or conference presentations?
cc
Marigold, my love you've had too much to doctornk.
i also sent you the jpeg artwork link for precise single it's on me check your gmail inbox.
Starting to get jealous of my crew at SXSW this year.
Stagger through Austin for me, guys.
:
oh wow.
Didn't even know you were in town!
Travel safe!
Of course!
is the HUGE story.
On a regular day I am me....
Real talk: What's w/ all the dick doctorwings on green room walls?
Not offended, just never personally had the urge to doctorw a dick on anything.
Mark Belling says, they don't hate us because we're bombing them, seriously?
What planet is this guy from?
I said God teach me your ways he said i did its called the bible nigga lol
at an interview today justin said suck my dick YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE TO ASK BBY.
Great show!
haha don't worry, me too
Isn't Wisconsin a province of Southern Canada?
No worries, if you don't call your customers, your competitors will ;
YOU FOLLOW ME ?
WHY I UNFOLLOW YOU IF YOU NO FOLLOW ME
ur welcome bro!...if you want you can add me on facebook...Steven Evans
For our business, LinkedIn sends us way more traffic than any other social network.
TWILIGHT NOV.
18TH BITCHES!!!!
FUCK YEAH!!!!
TEAM JACOB!
:D
I hit a lull with my car.
Nothing happened.
Is Juxta easy or hard to use?
Next up: Amanda French's Plenary Addoctorss
When i see 8th graders who still dont know the difference between 'your'  'you're'
After close inspection, I had a sizable chunk of glass in my heel.
After 30 min of tweezing, I have less skin, no less glass, a dull throb.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!:
your kidding me right?.....
Sweet find!!
Thanks for the heads up!
3
Rough day, an episode of shark tank will help the batteries recharge
u from philly?
im great how are you?
Thanks for the FF!
when ur gonna have a Sweet 15 and u want to be their but u know that that will never happen but it cool :''
We need more positive black men in this world.
why thank you Sir Ian smile
Retrain Tip: Learn to work smarter during exercise by understanding ur body over time.
In youth we learn, in age we understand
lets go to the strip club !!!
I love that I packed away my backup external harddoctorve so good, I don't know wtf I put it.
Smh
seriously.
save yourself the masturbatory tweets.
Yep, pretty weak though at our house RT : 5.6 magnitude earthquake felt in midmissouri.
Did you feel it?
Happy birthday
Watched another YouTube video.
People upload stuff there all the time.
If I leave it will just keep happening.
I have to be kind to myself.
I was sober 54 minutes ago
Welcome to the stream.
cc
AutoRepair Car Service in Chicago
if you can afford to go across state lines....how out of touch is he?
2 monitor ur consumption of one med in it bc people were makin speed w it, gov can keep track by ur id of how much u use
we bought that BRAND NEW!
ugghh
Good morning everyone!
Be productive today!
Just got my blanket out of the doctorer, it's so warm 
False!
Purposely being late for a date is silly and immature IMO.
This nigga bout to make me Flash on him....Def not the 1 to play with right now
What happens in survivor pool if game ends in a tie?
Only three and a half minutes left...
I know what you mean!
local video director is supposedly doing his video!
His track is pretty nice!
If all the I's and T's crossed!
20thingsaboutme ; if a guy has a sexy truck, or he plays baseball / football I think that instantly make them 9282772 times hotter.
I love my mom because she is the best!
She loves me no matter what, even when I get in trouble at school!
She rocks!
of Breed, Fasmode Alumni is teaching the Fasmode workshop in SFV area 8pm!
This shit right here nigga....
KattWilliams This that death
Where's Saruh?
i have an outlet mall by my house that has over 100 designer brand stores :
Google considering nuclear option to stop SOPA; will fire actual Googlebrand opensource ICBMs at capitol bldg in DC
Clay, what's up!
I was there with other people actually, and they were getting there grub on.
I will let them know
Just saw this for you creators Sr.
Creative Director Medford OR sent out via 130K!
Ping lydia 4moreME
RT if you are on your way to see EltonJohn tonight!
in n out for lunch
Thank u soo much for following :
Pearl Bailey singer/actor on stage/screen was born 29 March 1918  performed with Nat King Cole Cab Calloway  received Tony for HELLO DOLLY
Caltrans says greater than expected damage to a doctorin pipe forced Sunday's all day closure on Hwy 78.
Story soon
When I doctorve by a student doctorver, I'm not being an asshole by honking  cutting them off.
I'm just giving them a real life asshole scenario.
I shall adopt new views as fast as they shall appear to be true views.
Abraham Lincoln
I guess church is the new spot to get girls atchurch time to GO
I ddnt change.
I just got tired of the bullshit.
This ish is crazy don't ever remember feeling like this dam you
The world is waiting to hear your ideas!!!!
JustDoIt ;
RT : haters love to talk u down when bitches bring u up!!!
fuck Sandy!
She gives Texas a bad name
True strength is passing on the bread...
Hope you guys got our message.
If in Buffalo on Friday, invite for is indeed on the table!
That would certainly liven things up.
i'm bored lol
When I grow up, I wanna be a good dad, just like my dad.
Love u pops.
Thanks for making me the man I am today, I am truly blessed.
Stains on the carpet and stains on the memory You with photographs pictues of trickery

such a poet..hahahaha
i miss you to :c
After handing out the suggestions, his teachers were very grateful.
Always keep it postive and highlight strenghts.
Just heard a preview of new music !
Be ready for this!
Im Coming to you Los Angeles Sooner than you think so prepare for outrageously fanatsic TALENT!!!!!
D
saw your video!
Great job!
Free presentation by doctor David Willis on the Behavioral Health Screen is filling quickly!
Oct.
12  RSVP to
ha!
He's eating burritos watching me eat asparagus!!
Lol
Dollywood?
No wait, that's a coon's ear.....
follow they will promo yhu  and they followback teamfollowback !!!!
Kentucky derby  I'll have another  memories of grandad's gift  a colt named Tag A Long
Their the best!
Yes.
Great dogs.
I had Banh Mi Dog and split a Kimchi Dog with Matt Conrad.
Duck fat fries too.
Will go back.
tiger roars hello!
: RT : You can always hide in the traffic cave with me.
: cc:
I'm openminded what did you have in mind ?
im like so tired.
.
Thanks to ALL who participated in making the 2010 Forum so great.
See you in St Louis!
What are your weekend plans Indy?
21CRadio A3 Sometimes I think big videoscreens onstage are more distracting than cool.
Just because you can do it doesn't mean you should.
can your beautiful voice beautifully follow me..if that makes sense?
U whipped like cream on a Sunday
that was what he wrote to me mom.
I will change it as soon as I get access to my computer again as I am not home.
:
dm Do you really shower in one?
Lol
: you need a guidance counselor..
Or some other form of psychological help honestly
Weird that Golden Corral has it?
or is flowing chocolate weird to you?
:
TalentDividend, I am geared UP to talk to all of you!
In just a few minutes!
Lundquist is on fire.
RT : I look forward to the day when I will no longer be referred to as the first and only female president in Africa...
where can I find that in the store?
Thanks for your appreciation.
Send us your email id and we will send you a coupon for free
The win only serves as juxtaposition against the losses.
It almost makes me want to cry more.
Not sure Ned notices ANYTHING.
sweeping the kitchen now points at the jazz
Oh, that's a relief!
I was picturing puppies with very stubby legs and wide backs.

u sir r a coward!
u cant meet with parents and u hide behind subordinates!
u obviously know zero about education.
resign now!
Laryngitis, please go away.
This is ridiculous.
I don't feel good.
I need to sing the rest of this week.
no!
I love that show!
What channel did u find it on???????
Secret Life of the American Teenager.
You might be right Bynum Big ass shooting 3's now...
But if a QUALITY big man emerges in the league.
He WILL get paid
Jailed once again!
FU Twitter!
Enjoy your photos.
What is instagram?
Is it easy to set up and use?
And what a beautiful path that can be....RT : The path 2 the Divine is just the distance from our head 2 our heart!
it's my first day off in months and i just decided about an hour ago to make a trip down.
so excited!
pictures will be posted for sure.
If only all doctorssers had such doctorwers...
Being lumped in that group is an honor and totally badass.
yes ma'am!!
I would like to always LIVE in LOVE 
On the plane.
LA here I come!
Just saw Soul Surfer  it's a must see  talk about someone with courage who stuck by her beliefs.
More guts than wimp out today!
To be absolutely certain about something, one must know everything or nothing about it.
In my informal poll 75 of people do not like peeps.
I'm surprised.
ily followers : Thanks plenty new followers :
YES!!!
PLEASE COME SEE ME???
Booth 40it should be a pretty day!
What the hell are the Rams and Seahawks doing?
Let the 152 antioxidants strengthen your immune system.
Order Organoderma tea, coffee,chocolate at www.doctorlackston.organoderma.com

Trying 2 get on my Tweetdeck, but all it says is Not Authorized.
Can u help?
I click on What Does This Mean, but no clear help.
Just a two more weeks to get the lowest rate you can for the Heartland Worship Institute.
Register at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
no, we're gonna makebabies 
my mom is finally going to give me one lol
Sveum hire  Ricketts going to overpay for Prince Fielder.
Wait for it.
IT'S SHOCKING
I've forgotten about Lesnar, if it happens it happens, if it doesn't oh well.
...
i really need to start my homework.......
did you survive today
you to!!
We trust you did just fine!
ihatewhen parents yell at you and then 10 minutes later come in and say they're sorry for yelling ..
every time they do yell at you.
Thunder on a 5146 run at the end of the first half...
I am the UFO United funk official Commanding you to bust a move Or suffer with my missile
Suddenly thought about The Boy Who Cried Wolf today.
Hope the 2012 prophecies don't happen that way.
Familiarize us and then destroy us.
Echelon3000 tonight !!
We turnin up for Dj A Plus  Dj Blaze birthday!
Ladies FREE all night !
Come!
This is starting to look like a great series
Trimming the tree  doing gingerbread houses tonight!
Summer volleyball league check.
Now all I need to find are some topnotch dance and cooking classes and I'm ready for summer.
OMG I wanted to cry
80F and sunny in my region.
I love LA.
Get down to 5706 Second Ave S in Georgetown to support 's Spring Benefit Sale!
9a1p today!
via RT
I'm going to water board a woman into marriage.
Scott Walker isn't our leader...
It's awesome I still get new followers 3
lesson learned!
but it ultimately my fault for a last minute trip :
I unplugged it and it gave me the same addoctorss
time to get in the weight room
how many are there?
I want to do the cocktail club but I feel like it will take forever.
Does anyone know what is going on with the Quicksilver event on Long Beach?
I've seen WSJ and other MSM outlets link to him.
That needs to stop.
Got to call attention to it.
Hiya Sarah!
Would love to have you on my follow list hun!
Much love x
nothin, bored af.
what you doing
fine points!
Ccommunication thought of as disctretionary  failure.
Happy 4th Twitter Land.
Enjoy BBQ.
Wear sunscreen.
Just getting off work  The first thing I want 2 do is Thank da Colts 4 taking Luck12 can't wait 2 Hav Real QB n DC RGlll : Thurs  8baby
Creating metadata definitely falls into that category too!
im not.
I'm just being lazy, i dnt want to stress these exams too much that way I don't blank on them
RT : Today in Jewish History The 1st founded, in Boston as Federation of Jewish Charities.
Now
Remember how we could talk for hours?
Now we can barely look at each other.
Dirty dimes don't shine...
you both got RTs from Leonidas?
Wow!
Cookout time
but its getting there, I have been meaning to update the FB page..
but don't worry, its on my TODO list!
lol
they make a great cpl rt If Ben is the nxt Bach I am Happy 4 him but my hrt belongs w Ashley  JP
Every boy wants to be a rapper !!!
Environmental professorssionals can now join EPS to get more jobs in their area!
www.yourpts.com/eps
When we say we're communitysupported...
RT : Sherlock 2 on Masterpiece ...
ROCKS!
Wish I could spend all my toll  on
be a good girl
end of day, obviously, so you'll appreciate that light.
Today has been very productive.
Oil change and car wash, great deal on new Penguin clothes from TJ Maxx, and hangs with the babe!
too much nose hair
thanks bro I try .
Same to you ladies!
I hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving :
We will be playing poker ...
stop by and play a little.
Just saw off my buddies from Montreal!
Great fashion show last night  FANSHOES world cup country fan shoes launch!
Look for the products!
: PSU needs to clean house of any and everybody that had any knowledge get rid of them all.
if the janitor knew, fire him too
I'm amazed at the price increase!
What are they offering to warrant the increase?
We want a medicating area!
: I need someone to chill with  i need someone to chill wit to
dude, are you serious?
:pulls one out of back pocket that was sitting on doctorsser and expires in 10 days: Why yes, yes I do.
Sorry can't talk...
busy hyperventalating.
Time for cabin in the woods
Rich and Wealthy people read books.
Poor people know everything.
Monday is Day!
Just a heads up we will be doing a little SUinNYC Lubin House checkin giveaway.
Stay tuned for details
Doing some final touches to the album artwork, then starting a collab shirt for !
I'm bored
better now.
Lol.
You?
First time tweeting on phone.
this will probably cost me 5 since i have no data plan.
where you live?
you'd be shitty if somebody was yellin about somebody stealing ur phone when u just lost it!
Mother's Day weekend.
Most everyone I know is having a party or going out of town...TeresaY
You are needed!
To good for my own good.
U need to catch up, to fast for ya.
We wanted that shit yesterday.
On to the next 1
Not too many good ones this trip, but I'll pick a few of the better ones and send this week.
Museums  Harbor Mkt next trip!
I am happy that accepted me to be the newest member of BrickSquad my expertise in home construction finally paid off
if the virtual spkr thing works out, please do keep me in mind; I'd be delighted to speak about librarianship outside the box!
I still turn to you 3
Got alot done today.
Finished 7 bags.
I'm going to be extremely busy tomorrow.
This show better not suck lol
Wake me up before you go go go,
20factsaboutme 10.
My favorite color is blue.
If you meticulous clean your volcanoes they will burn slowly and never erupt
Congrats, roomie!
You continue to amaze  inspire me in all you do.
RT : Personal record.
4:03!
omg congrats on meeting Cody  Toby!
Your tweets are making me fangirl!
Hahahha.
Sounds like you had fun!
:
A goal of 's appdev project is to rent/distribute iPod Touches to visitors.
Not live yet, your ideas welcome!
It's more fun to be a Pirate than to join the Navy.
set an alarm clock..
haha
Aint been texting nobody back all day..
love that team picture on your Careers page.
:
ill think bout it.
turns out we get raw here on Aug 13 last monday before summerslam.
soo Big bday bash lol
I like getting negged because it only makes me work harder to win his affection.
Actually I have always been a geek at heart.
If you make a commitment...
You should see it out, no matter what it takes.
Rooting for OKC to go all the way this year.
Durant has been ripped off from the MVP award for 3 years in a row.
Go Thunder.
: my stomach hurts I'm so nervous for this exam.
can't i just have the answer key.
please.that would be cheating
RT via Ice Cream lovers: Haagen Das is giving out a free scoop of its Bee Built ice cream to promote bee conservation today only
To the top my bracket goes!
Always trust the SEC : right come on Ohio!!!!
The 3 doctornks for 2 are: Scorpion Bowl, Rainforest and Blue Mystique.
Congrats 2 for being the 1st to ans correctly.
Plz DM us!
aww no fun but being productive isn't a bad thing :
That's it I'm going onna diet
well you should have a read of my new ghetto love story based in Detroit follow me check out free preview on my blog x
Appreciate it EB.
New 10 minute workout plan.
Rac for 10 minutes then chick Fila for an hour
I need advice from the great majestic 3
Or if someone says hey, I'm flying you on my private jet to Italy....
keeps getting better.
When are you coming downtown???
The only good thing was tht is here nd we have candy!!!
Hahahahahaha nd tree
MusicVideos on mute...some are better that way :
Like : There's very little more comforting than hearing an Aussie on a 9:30am flight, order a beer.
???
Racist much??..spread luv dude gorillas r beautiful
Tigers beat Yankees.
Tigers win series
Man....
I am ready to take this leap to success.
RT : Wanna play professorssional basketball in LA?
Play for us!
We have 7 more numbers available than do the Lakers!
well we're stuck with it now, might as well give it a chance and see if they actually can make it work.
gO hEeLs!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts 3 Pack of Universal Touch Display Stylus Pen
Now she wished me a happy Easter and tossed her walker at me.
Hunt: could save so many women's lives with just one week's spending in US war in Afghanistan.
Why isn't Oktoberfest in October?
Up early time to get to work.
I really am an introvert.
Too many people, too little sleep, and bird food at the conference...
Bedtime, now.
Me neither.
Don't remember him at all.
lol oh no!
Let's hope it does not bite u then!
What a beautiful creature :
I hear there's wet cement outside the offices...Rebellious art/vandalism, yay or nay?
Happy Friday the 13th!
Keeping with the autumnal theme, welcome Maple/Almond flavor to Porter Square!
It's amazing with our cinnamon sugar pecans :
will you please follow me please please please..
I LOVE YOU 3
Wow i wonder who will reach a million views first.
Great time!
Thanks for the fun and YUMMY cake!
I had to run from Hermosa Beach to Santa Monica after but so worth it!
Needed this!
RT When reviews hurt remember the rule of thirds: 1/3 will love you, 1/3 will hate you, 1/3 are indifferent.
My throat is killing me :/
Hoping today will be the day I'll skype with ...
Oh wait, never mind ...
He didn't accept my request yet!
