Happy Monday tweeps :
happy birthday :
likewise I'm proud to say i'm a Florida State Seminole but could not care less about every company ive worked for in the past
Finished, just in time for MadMen :
hahaha does anyone know why he cheap shotted him?
Just wow!
Please reply with a link to your favorite blog all topics welcomed
Hey, fellow runners: doctorNK WATER!
Wow, I thought I was doctornking enough water.
nope!
20 miles on Saturday and the rest of the weekend, sick
everyones changing .
.
S/O to yall

I will see you again!!
No one can promise things to BOTH or ALL sides forevah.
Thanks for the update.
with 16 candidates on the ballet and 7 writeins, we asked misterMiller why is he running?
And the answer we got was not short and sweet,
Females Fall To Easy ,,I want Something I Can Work For!.
bought out for 58 mil.
I say is still the premier company in the space.
Can't beat superb client support.
of course boo
got my top braces.
ow.
lawd jesus omg it hurts so bad omg.
help me lawd jesus.
I swear, I feel like crying right now :'
There's this thing called personal space ppl!
or mad at sum people
Sumtimes I wanna get away, 2get away but to be sumthing diff frm where I am today!
Hey fans we have 2 seats open for Sunday Antidote, the bidding will start at 15 See menu below.
The term Tweet Up makes me want to spit up.
There are a few reasons why I love JoeyVotto.
He hit 3 home runs tonight including a walk off homer, but he's also smoking hot!!
funfact...
we are trying to get to follow us so we can have officially cool/ super GW status
I wanna see one!!
yes, dedication  ROCKY !
: : Pure Cardio after 8 PM is the definition of dedication.
hahaha well last month it was in the 80s and this winter has been pretty awesome..it's fun u should come up
Getting naked in a parking garage for the third time today.
The Valentines Day Bat Giveaway is now closed.
We will be picking a winner within the hour and emailing to let you know.
Good Luck!
Have you ever noticed how most coaches are successful with their teams?
It's because they are up close and personal with their message.
Twitter is turning into Myspace with this You won't believe what this person said about you...
nonsense!
super congratulations!!!
ItsCrazyHow time flies by
The last couple weeks we have talked a lot about multipage funnels.
What do you think is the best usecase for them
Blacklatern in the house
haha i love your impression of sean paul.
hahaha :
2morrow night!
3LittleBirdsSalon presents artist/photographer Rachel Inman.
6pm9pm  the salon, see u there!
what's up?
How is LA for ya?
Irish Spring
yayyyy: I needed a change
I'll Be Seeing You is a popular song, with music by Sammy Fain and lyrics by Irving Kahal.
The most popular...
fb.me/1046ljilS
: Blasting on the way to work!
Arizona, I'd like to introduce you to Farraday.
Farraday, Arizona.
oh hey AZ!
Knicks are playing awful.
So ugly
captainin Skyro Launch Trailer: captainin Skyro is now available on Google Play and the App Store!
Read and ...
But I am not dead.
Don't anyone think that.
See how I am on the internet machine here?
You have to be alive for that.
As far as I know.
Ready for dinner?
Let us cook for you tonite.
Sunday you can do the cooking.
OWSUpdate Thanks for the follow!
This is what I get for staying up past 1 every night last week.
Eating, planning,  creating, because I could.
Surviving the MegaTour, the epic sundae with
I just realized it was.
Thought today was sunday for a second...
He needs to win tomorrow bad!
What!
Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
Link for the minibook doesn't seem to be working
And the side goes down in order with one of the worst hitting displays ive seen from the O's in one inning through this entire ssn.
Macy's is celebrating Brazil...NOT SHOCKED!
lol...i like ur doctornk tweets
By the way, where'd you get all those photos took at Volstead?
See I don't like cats so I ain't down wit all that lion stuff
Finally finished The Road by Cormac McCarthy.
Lmfao are we done..
I have chipotle I have to eat
Wow the Lakers let OKC come back like that
If I left grilled chicken wrapped in tinfoil, is it no good now?!
spoiled?
Bout to buy chinese food...
:
If you were to try a FRUIT SALSA would you like it to be mild or hot?
How about sweetness?
Any responses are greatly appreciated!
Lmfaooooo.
I'm laughing inside.
I can't.
why is that
Foodforthought Joe Johnson walks away from the loaded 2010 free agent class with the biggest contract...
top5songsofalltimeforme chasing cars snow patrol
userfocus what doctorves devs crazy: all the things we forgot to communicate in the UX of rich Internet apps.
this is my new teen people magazine.
learning all the sexy secrets of the youngens
Former Miss Universe Canada contestant JENNA SUES Miss Universe ORGANISATION FOR DISCRIMINATION AGAINST TRANSWOMEN!
Good Morning from your biggest admirer!!.
XOXOXOXO
Realizing getting a good cup of coffee so far in Poland is a challenge...
Can't wait to see Leslie tomorrow
That is NOT even a set of real letters.
Is that blog trying to weed out every commenter but aliens?
Catching up on !
It's been too long.
man I am ripping through this homework like rips farts after a late night stop at the Taco Bell doctorve thru
oomf said, its a rainbow!!....
and its in the sky lol.
Thinking about picking up roller bladding
I will
I completely understand.
I worked 3rd shift  all I could think about was my babies  if they were ok.
It doctorve me insane.
8 am.
Time to write.
Piano Player  Singer  Dancer  Composer  Songwriter  Inspiration  Idol  Role Model  Talented  Hooker   Lady Gaga 
Cant wait for my new logo!
These veggies are starting to doctorve me crazy :
i knoe rite
FrozenPlanet, OMG.
And Alec Baldwin.
Although he could narrate pure gibberish and I would listen lovingly.
ORCHESTRAL MANOEUVRES IN THE DARK  Turner Hall Ballroom  Sunday, September 25  7PM DOORS!
It was good
Be something funny to go along with your personality!
I hate running.
just made me go too far 
What have been some changes to your diet that have worked for you?
Can not Keep the New SNOCLOTHING American Rebel's TShirt's in Stock.
Next Shipment March 2012, Orders yours...www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Shout out to all the wonderful nurses out there!!!!
Thank you for all you do!!!
who said dat??
Merry christmas to 3 I love him :
From Shakespeare's lost archives: MacTest.
u want a walkie talkie
Wondering where to watch the fight?
Feeling like the ugliest person ever !
What do Portland mayoral candidates think of potential candidate PPB Chief Mike Reese's handling of Occupy Portland?
KGW  5  6.
maybe a little haha
when you have free time just let me know I'll help you!
: Do it like Big Sean or go home like E40.
this is plagiarism.
I'm callin SOPA on you bro.
Sit on the floor, holding a book, in a room full of 5 year olds, and prepare to be surrounded.
There are no reluctant readers at that age.
Happy Tuesday from MarkStuartDance!
Great weekend and now getting all geared up for the JacobPillow festival!
3 more followers and we are set for our announcement!!
Living Dangerous
Jack Hemings demanded to serve in a black unit rather than a white one in WWII, saying he wanted to be true to himself.
We would be happy to talk to you about doing a story for
you are literally the funniest person ever.
3
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
Dalai Lama
they rock..
no doubt about it.
Home bitches!
That feeling you get when you realize you'll have a bad ending for the year because Jason won't notice you.
call my cell and join the discussion!
Love waking up after a good sports night NYRPlayoffs Mets and my boy Todd Frazier is back in the show
If you like Bloody Marys, be at Sac Jazz Jubulee Turntable Junction 11 AM on Sun.
5/24 for the Bloody Mary Contest .
don't ever remember u asking me a ?
man.
Now how silly do u feel.
But since u think I'm stuck up u won't b gettn any help from me!
We live in a world built on promises, constructed by liars
Facebook buys instagram for 1 billion
I had no idea Laredo had a festival!
Any YA authors?
whatever :p
Haha glad I could help lol how are you by the way ?
I miss my daily hello kitty pics too Lmao
not right now lol
Lowercase after a colon!
RT : If you are my friend: Feel free to correct my grammar and word usage.
If I don't know you: Don't.
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition
I'd like to be anything you want, hey boy will you follow me??;
Thank you for the RTs, and !
ha, makes sense.
Actually I doubt many will, prob just ur team.
Also may be reason it's long
no you did
Glad to see this welcome!
also, clearly this is all about me...
This week for dinner/starters: GRILLED LAMB MEATBALLS, smoked chocolate beurre blanc, zucchini gaufrete
Huge Bucks loss, incredibly disappointed
Today in Literary History: On April 25, 1719 Daniel Defoe's THE LIFE AND STRANGE ADVENTURES OF ROBINSON CRUSOE was published.
Tired and just watching a movie.
Had along day.
why you so cool?!
Interesting finding on Buyer's Remorse: The act of holding something before we buy it makes us more satisfied with our purchase.
Preparing for this weekend's gumbo fest during the nflplayoffs.
Can't wait!
Let's go to the underwater petting zoo!
youmeansnorkeling hahahahahaha 
can u plz wish me a happy birthday U r like my idol i want to be just like u Last year my mom as in the hospital on my birthday
Fans are the ones that support YOUR music, and buy YOUR overpriced merch  CDS.
Closed Today Too cold for the Ice House!
what if Beltran hit 4 homers too?!?!?!?
Baseball, you crazy
Oh hey , I can sign your yearbook after brunch tomorrow
Okay i dont want to look like a bum tomorrow Time to think of an outfit.
I wanted to do it through email...
I will DM you.
She just kills me with adorable.
:
Event Horizon plays tomorrow night.
Don't miss our bad ass residendent doctorm  bass band.
take a brief case too and a newspaper lls !!!
Caught it, wonderful!
THNX.
If you haven't seen it, it's not to be missed.
Alert: SUNRISE is starting on right now.
lovin how I'm left out of the Convo,
just gave a shout out at TEDxCLE to Yeah, Jack's pretty awesome!
Ha!
Yeah, that is one hot breast feeding mom!
I was not one, never so trendy or thin.
Very funny!
slept in today...
didn't wake up until 7
No kidding!
What a game this has turned into!
Did I speedtest and when up I come in at 1.62 Mbps  normally average 21.
might be a bit if a flight stretch...
Justin Chellis : NOT BIEBER !
bahaha.
Shes 100000 cooler than him.
why do you have that?!?
Surprisingly, getting locked inside of a women's restroom wasn't the most embarrassing thing I've done in the past 24 hours.
I DUNNO IT'S ANNOYING
Sentence found in the sawdust at manual Twitter feed station: Social Media missed him as much as the next avatar whileoh, you were gone?
Excited to check out the debut issue of this weekend when I can spend a little QT with it!
Decided to stop in Durham, NC to see if I could check out
ur name should be
Why wear my heart on my sleeve when it looks so good in your hand.
RT : hello too min:D
Extended Release
The OTC seriously has the best bacon.
Staats Island still owned by Staats family.
in matters of style, swim with the current but in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
my sister bet me 50 dollars that u would not reply to me!!!
I am super competitive!!!
:
yeah me either
My face feels like its gonna exploid.
Do we know why some in lower classes r attracted to RW extremism?
Ideas?
We better figure it out!
Thanking God 2 b up this day  at work.
Don't think this Monday is gonna b that bad lol.
Everybody have a great day!!
Boys that kiss my cheek
smcmke is at the milwaukee auto show today checking out the latest mobile technology!
RT : If you can't handle me at my worst, then you don't deserve me at my best.
Nature on Tap is back and it's TOMORROW!!!
Make plans to come play nature trivia, create crafts and sip on a few beverages.
Starts at 6pm!
I'm like your virginity, Once Im gone, you arent getting me back.
I'm wondering what happened to adding a contact from mobile.
I thought I saw it, now its not a type.
I really want that :
i really wish this headset had a light indication for mute.
i burp a lot.
Well done, Rex.
and love you too!
Got to get the oh so exciting snooker on.
RT : Congratulations Trent Richardson..
Glad to have you in Cleveland!
you're my best friend.
you'll always understand my life decisions and when you think I'm going somewhere wrong, you tell me.
lmao hopefully there's a new kid thas older thn me cuz I don't like being the oldest
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
3 Hm?
wov12 kara swisher says double down when u have les time or more challenges.
Thanks for kicking our butts.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
we all like you!
Now there's an idea!
It's just the littlest things that make my day.
a very happy birthday to you, Stephyi hope it's the bestest ever :!!
Coming back, we'd take turns entertaining, singing songs and the like
I need the life of someone worth remembering.
dean ambrose gets beat by xavier woods.....lolol  his tights
RT : Rising  falling suggests analysts know what teams doctorft boards look like.
They don't.
So what are they basing that on?
Good win last night ....tough opponent tonight ..Woodlawn in balt.7pm
Yes!
Griffey is coming back!
follow back...
yajaira!
Bro, who is he ?
Is he asian!
hope its asian omg!
Yajairaaa!
: sees the angel of death HEY, LAAAAYYYYDY  this!
its my birthday cuzzo!
The fashion of his love :D
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living.
JeanJacques Rousseau
It sounds like macaws are having a mock trial tournament or some shit outside my window.
Go away parrots, don't you know I doctornk tequila?
I saw more gifs online then there should have been possible, so that makes sense.
.
pins prior to Wrestlemania XXVIII.
Rather than give you my opinion, Tweet me yours!
Good or bad?
was there a sponsor tonight?
Frank was okay, but Rex is inane, spouting cliches.
For the NY people...RT : Jets Gameplan with me, , Ray Lucas, and airs 2nite after Mets postgame show.
They say one day your whole life will flash before your eyes, make it worth watching.
Today feels lazy well I gotta go by 24 hour today
Fantastic group of gorgeous men  women showed up for our taxes  money management workshop.
Monkey Business  San Francisco Chronicle
looks great!!!!
Yah for an easier bun :
If you like our sound, please support our band while we record full band demos by downloading your favorite songs at 99 cents/song in...
Derrick Huff shoulda been a brotha.
Ha!
I just wanna say your amazing keep doin what your doing :
You Saved Me because Before i Started Listening to your music I was Lost In My Problems But You saved me I Love You Lady Gaga
now that my teachers follow me...
i have nothing to tweet about...
lol i feel so restricted :/
I'll get you a honey bun too.
Me and 4 alpha males.
Buckle up.
Don't be afraid to make decisions for ur life.
Some R afraid to change their surroundings due to their comfort zone.Don't stay
Peace and blessins, which one of your locations has signed copies of the momo book?
If only you knew how much I think about you3
you fuckin with right?
Your were so sweet it was nice meeting you and your friend tonight .
Sorry we had to leave early tho .
Amber
Question number two  is rawmilk more healthy for you than pasteurized milk?
outofhangame  GAME on.
It is happening all over town.
Don't stop.
Don't give up.
This Saturday, Gallery Walk is back!
710pm throughout the DesignDistrict.
Will you be here?
Y'all have a great day now!
and Nederlander :
is this like the one time at band camp?
Do any of these great guitarist like john mayer for example: Even give a shit about his fans that keep money in his pocket.
Verify please!
S/O to Ally she a bad chick!
I'm so lucky to have you as my friend.
You are amazing.
Just be my guest each week!
Like big A titles of late?
Safe investments don't push hardware or genre potential making a stagnant market.
Boss just threw my printing deadline out the window.
My question then  what good are timelines and deadlines if you don't follow them?
A sports psychiatrist shares his hopes of what we learn from Junior's suicide..
and whether signs of trouble may have been missed.
I'm definitely game!
Any holes you need filling?
Also my pleasure!
:
D.R.A.M.A.
umbassetardssking fororettention
Super excited about the future.
You know, because we'll all have flying cars and be really awesome doctorvers.
You didn't call me last night.
livejazzfest THANK YOU SOO MUCH YOUTUBE!
I always wanted to go to this and now I can!
Photos in the bluebonnets with the kids this morning.
So much fun!
Look out kids...Bud Norris' wheels just came off...
pretty sure you never shut up as it is...
I love when my kids try to sell me books.
When I buy them, I give them a call out on the am news
tastes worse than you would think.
uh, which one do you prefer..?
xD  BOO YEAH.
We shall shop till we doctorp!
; 
Filmed Yogurt Shop recently and think they will soon increase prices for doctorvingawaycustomers HA!
I need you guys to help us get more followers.
Remember that commitment you made to yourself?
Don't let anything distract you from your goals today!
Everytime I get on facebook, I feel like I am shopping at Lowe's for bathroom updates.
On the outside I'm getting older, but on the inside i'm still that young kid on the playground.
We're 1 away from 900!
Who's gonna hit it for us?!
What about pizza in the morning?
Best Leadership book The Ethics of Leadership by Joanne Ciulla
Now all I need is great sex, which I will be getting tonight, along with good food.
Seriously?!
That's ridiculous!
doctorving home this late alone is not fun :/
Hahahaha I'm weak
super cool that links with sqllite then allows you clean, and push scraped data as an
I deduce!
HA!
I Buss Nuts On Your Toast in the morning that not Butter.
Oh i forgot...
happy birthday!!!
.
yes, responding to customers...in the same manner they reached you...is key
Im Tryna Make History!
HORSE TRANQUILIZERS, NOW.
still have traces of chocomud in my eye from this morning's photo shoot...
Some days you just want to throw up your hands and scream...
but we have to keep smiling through it all.
OMG!
Hahah, how did I not notice him?!
Oh that little dude..
Thanks so much, Camenae.
Your bags r gorgeous.
Hope you'll think about joining us in SF, June 2830.
Okay worldwide TEFLers!
Take care until next week.
You are going to LOVE this shit Pami!
2 weeks, you?
That's a fine phrase, full of pathos and poetry.
Mine today is a necessary firmness.
the raspberry is good, but my favorite is still the peach.
of course I am referring to Trader Joe's organic lowfat yogurt.
m
True Life: I'm addicted to
Lots of color, floral, zebra print,  more  Diamonds  Pearls Couture 4042463548 Elle
She just told me I ain't ready for her........what does that mean
tool.
You saw how he threw his helmet off?
wooohoo!!
1 one more person to hit the 500th follower?
Who will be my lucky 500th follower?!?!
Hiring!
Hiring!
Hiring!
Sales Representatives for both Dade, Broward and North Carolina!
Contact:
No!
shut that down right now lol
let me ask my mom and I'll tell u!
K?
So right, amazing how she uses theHill to get at liberal thought on the sly.The GOP just can't take this Pres.
hahaa he's been texting me all day and said next time we go he wants to meet up with us, Jackie told me to tell him to
Wondering why The Weather Channel's iPhone app has an option to share my local forecast.
Why would anyone do this?
so u like princeton he taken lil hoe
its the same ;
Stayed up way past my bedtime, but so worth it to catch up w/ friends and Daniel  Leslie!
lol, yea might have to do that myself
I have just created a new list titled 'Gates Postsecondary Success Team' using TweetDeck
Today's lunch specials: Arroz con Pollo  tuna melt on croissant.
Soup of the day: chicken with rice and veggies.
See you for lunch!
Squirrels are hilarious and adorable ...
usually ...
Hahaha...
that time will come : girl yes!!!
still can't do anything  lol
Q : Since when do you know Justin ?
A : Almost 4 years now
Long range predictions show avg to below avg temps  above avg precipitation overall this winter.
We'll see...
Cheap shoes or a cheap suit?
If you had to pick one, would you rather wear a cheap suit or cheap shoes?
Please follow for the most authentic Italian cuisine in all of South Florida
Just found out came to memphis in february!
either way...WE MADE IT!
/derrrrrrrp ;
IM OUT FO PRESIDENTS TO REPRESENT ME
Ugh.
Someone move me to Argentina.
I'll commute for a while.
We got all sorts of stuff we need to sort out with the house  Julie's work situation before we move.
in west philadelphia born and raised on the playground is where i spent most of my days
In fortyfive years I've never seen a tax cut put out a fire or repair a bridge.
Rep.
Barney Frank to
I think this calls for some research!
MORNING TYLER.
Have a good day!
3
where are you going to be tonight?
Absolutely, Xavier Nady's just warming the bench over there.
Changing out of my big girl work clothes  running some errands.
Loving all of this sunshinee.
Hashatag for the six session?
Maybe WideAud?
would you reactivate your brain to get rid of a past trauma that still haunts you?
i don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young 
But snooki is orange...
And pregnat.
I think when I am looking for umami, I am looking for mushroom.
I love it!
Made my week!
Man these Bears look so tight!
I must say I feel anything less then the superbowl is an illusion!
man that's such a tough call I really can't be upset with either one being chosen...
Is it official?
im about to leave to head towards jwu now
Extremely beautiful day!
Please don't be bipolar, Lubbock.
but I don't like fish.
uqqh!
I wanna learn how to doctorve :/
I would put it more in the category of dominoes and Yahtzee!...
comes in a box, but not a board game.
See?
I told you she was a sweetie
i know i can't believe its already been a year!
Real world isn't too bad haha
I don't wanna be friends
Best quote of the night...How the hell did you get those doors in here??...We found them ;
Spending all day at Gtown.
I hope to have a full doctorft of my LAST paper of grad school completed by the end of today.
Giuliana and Bill 
DON'T DELETE UR COOL
So gucci mane and master p got a song together
When will the south Austinites start screaming to have some kind of barrier between Cesar Chavez  the hike  bike trail?
Trollin facebook doctorma because people are dumb.
you will be joined at careerd day by your old amiga, the lovely Katherine Cook!
!!
RT : TONIGHT AT THE GAYLORD!
See you there to ring in 2011, which is going to be...THE....BEST....YEAR.....EVER!
hoping you misinterpreted and i didn't mislead  i assume if people cared more about government that's what they'd talk about
Was frickin' great, buddy!
Thanks a ton!
RT : The million dollar backlot tour with and
Random athlete in hall 'congrats on all sunyac' why why why why why 
its all love
Thanks for joining us at the little event tonight.
Good times.
Where did you go to Law School?
us  we WILL RT you!
National Black Association for SpeechLanguage and Hearing NBASLH Annual Convention this year is April 1922 in Raleigh, NC.
Praxis worries
Win a trip to see !
The Kiss 98.5 Human Billboard Contest is this Wednesday morning at 7am at the Kiss 98.5 studios
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 29
Had to file our first insurance claim on construction site theft.
Really not pleased about our experience in No Libs so far...
hope to see you in may at the warehouse in madisonville I'm waiting in line for our boy today can I get a rt
um, i gotta say it.
OfMonstersAndMen are AMAZING,
Night of the Living Dead opened on this day in 1968.
I used to watch it on TV with my sister when I was a kid.
Scared the HELL out of me.
i was thinking of using it to pay for gas lol.
you are welcome dude!
you aint never lied
Getting ready to attend BIO 2009 in Atlanta, GA.
Im looking for business opportunities.
5 running mistakes you didn't know you make.
good times reading with inViolet today...
There has been a beer in the back of my truck all week...
and all week I cant doctornk it cuz of 3rd shift.
I AM doctorNKING IT TONIGHT DAMMIT
Nicknames I've already caught myself using for my sixdayold son: pal, buddy, special little guy, dude, sir poopsalot, captainin toots.
Ironically for my sociology paper I'm watching sister sister.
Ray cambell is all in this episode funny as fuck.
Ahaha
Lol I'm following 's dog
I just got chills..
Oh my gosh I love Adele.
Yes, we're still working on it, have just had limited time to finish it up and push a release.
Any help is appreciated
RT : Fantasy college football doctorft today, 2 years, 2 championships, time to continue the
Looking good Pirc!
Garza has the yips throwing to 1B.
HahaI hear you!
I've had some lively conversations about this.
: Really appreciated the tone of the World Affairs response
And the lesson is that talking about the actual big scary thing isn't always the best way to get people to think about it.
yum.
cereal.
linernotes is bout to go down!!!!!!!
Oh my!
And how does one get struck by lightning twice?
This is so sad : RIP Seau.
follow please : tnx
Hello New York.
I'm home.
Today in 1992, Guns N' Roses hits 3 with November Rain.
Yay heard the pics I did with are finally going to be out in the issue coming out!
S/O to my coach Happy Birthday
Have decided to start waking up at sunrise.
Thats 6.23am today.....eek so sleepy!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Congrats to Samantha Bradshaw and Brian Phive, winners of sneak passes to see The Hunger Games.
Enjoy!
back woods east texas or bama lol
Congratulations Mike and Amy on your launch!
kids Omnimax Shows at Carnegie Science Center, Sun, May 6 11:00a: Watch a movie on the largest film frame in the motion picture...
for some reason I don't have that schedule on my phone but I'm down for the game if I work early that day.
im really thinking should i go to ann arbor for this casting of the real world Saturday?
Come on out and support your local brewery and local band.
The Swamp Rattlers are playing and handcrafted beer is flowing!!
Thanks for the RT!
We love using TOUT!
continued ...it's under 20
Aww you are too kind  thankyou !
this is you??
Wow
Music they are playing before Felicia Day keynote is bizarre
Good Morning !
who am i speaking to ........
?
hahaahhah !
When there is music playing I start dancing.
where's my face?
Happy WW Bringing u some Santa Ynez wines soon!
Are you doing okay?
Mothers Day Weekend!
Saturday brunch
your music, and Against Me!, I'm so damn proud to have you in this world, doing what you do, inspiring so many people.
I hope
Started my day w/ Sparklehorse I could look in your face For a thousand years Its like a civil war Of pain and of cheer RIP
WHUT in DC has insightful program on Haiti earthquake relief funds.
The good news: the astute 7yearold boy next to us made it all better: I am NEVER getting on an airplane again.
I am DONE with airplanes.
Ey how are you?
:
i want the clippers to win this game
Scent of a Mule
Sometimes DEVO is The Best Thing to Listen to on a Friday Afternoon.
:
Going riding for a while, need to get out :
A hotel that provides personalized condoms?
Seems risky idkkk haha
you know what they say  corn cob's rough but one is enough
RT : language boundaries become more important than geographic / national boundaries in the keyword economy
We survived the auction an are back in Atlanta clearing out some room in the Archives for the items we purchased.
watching Blues Brothers.
now off to pool
A full body massage would be soo good right about now
Lets go RT : Brewers have the worst run differential in the NL.
Twins have the worst run differential in the AL.
They play tomorrow.
Lol  the gay boys that complains and makes excuses.
Go do something useful already, preferably not sucking dicks.
dude I am so lost without it :
should i feel offended that you DIDN'T prank me for april fools?
Happy Halloween everyone!!
What better way to celebrate than for me to plug away on the film.
heh
I'm bored..someone talk to me?
Lol
Hannah's 6month appt today.
Let's see how much she's grown!
We'd love to have you!
hope u fix that
That's pretty awesome.
Love the comment about childoctorn as rarely seen or magical small butlers.
Standing room only!
: It's marketing strategy session with Karen Corrigan and others.
The long one!
Hahaha I don't like you.
Awe; I just realized that its not my birthday no moo : Oh well.
Just gotta wait till august 24th of next year deen ;
I'm watching my momma throw down great show!
I can't believe I used to be a soprano.
Errataca
Tweet  TripleDslaughterHouse  NOW!!
Just watched it...awesome.
Think the Greeks reach to Syracuse?
today's lecture in systems analysis is about Six Sigma; alas, no mention of measuring handshakefulness or the Retreat to Move Forward
Do we get to doctornk the wine?
;
25 LOL that doesn't make a heart but yeah :
In scienceso excited to go home.
I realized I didn't do anything I was supposed to this weekend because of my paper.
YAY
Sounds delicious!!!
Looking forward to having one of your ruebens when I see you on Thursday.
Straighten it Out mix is seriously ill, nice work
My cousin hates one direction.......were not related anymore
I don't even own a truck and I feel like I am constantly being enlisted to help friends move
I had my first visual captainha the other day and it made it almost fun.
Wish there were more of those.
Mike Miller is heating up, he's hit two three pointers, 112 before tonight's game
It all starts TODAY.
Yankees vs.
Tigers.
Sabbathia vs.
Verlander.
Look out Tigers, ur on the endangered species list.
Go Yankees!!
Many wellmeaning persons suppose that the discussion respecting the means for baffling the
i give you permission to write my unauthorized biography.
oh, wait.
i guess it's authorized, now.
It's still too much because I watch ALL those shows...
plus Sunday Night Football.
I lived in Colorado for a few years.
Lots of Christians!
Back home to Vegas from Cali and already on my grind.
Meeting went well today, hopefully I will start work soon!
Overheard at the zoo.
Prissy chick.
Doesnt anyone go around and wake the animals up
Lay down an effing bunt for a change.
All I want for Christmas is a boy who cares.
RBNY now with only 1 more trip to West Coast this reg season: Vancouver.
West teams to play: VAN CHV SEA POR.
That's it.
Heritage is invaluable
What a small world I played coed softball against and Simon so fun.
All I see is Jc Caylen in my timeline: I love watching his daily video..!
M loving my cheese quesadilla made by
Waiting on the bus to take me to
Diddy just got served
ARealBoyfriend is not a boy at all; he's a manand a gentleman at that.
Always working around beer, we're way too distracted by it to get enough work done.
Does the same happen to you on AIM?
Should step out tonight
Cloth diapers a natural, group maintains
if ur wearin ur avi outfit...I'm leaving now.
To hell with th boxers!
Need wine,candles and..ur sexy ass!
Merry Xmas!!
Vegas has Texans at 15 to 1 odds to win the Superbowl next year!
awesome!
thanks for sharing your expertise.
see you for a brew Nov.
5!
Yw.
Happy to meet you here on Twitter
50 Cent releases new Street King Energy ad with Joan Rivers, Childish Gambino goes on MTV First Date, AAP Rocky talks s
Ghost in a Shell....
Shotgun is haunted.
it was the most accurate ball he's thrown all year.
hope everything goes well eddie, we love you!
Same here!
My philosophyI don't have time for an ego.
I want to be a better writer as soon as possible.
In personal experience, I post museums photos, friends see, comment, maybe want to visit.
I remember visit better
You are loyal JT.
Raiders will win but the problem is the Broncos will too.
At gradnation talking about early warning indicators with a great panel.
i just forwarded you my hiphop recording artist precise dj pack for his single it's on me
ladies you can all have me!
I'm ready for the lovin!
The promotion site on my professorle can help your promote yourself 4 free.
: Please follow i will follow back!
lol love you hey g2g tweet you later
I'm offended that u think I would get a tramp stamp lol
Love is not to be declared, or uttered, or spoken, but shall be revealed by deeds.
Manly P Hall
You have to help realize social media is just another training tool for your staff.
Necessary to demonstrate use.
Cc '
thanks Bro and don't listen to she lie!
Ha
Steve and Ryan had joined our band later on due to other members leaving  what not, we couldn't be happier now!
:
I cannot go to school today, said little Peggy Ann McKay.
I have the measles and the mumps, a gash, a rash, and purple bumps.
haha..
But I can just guess you email..
How awesome is that!!
Thanks for the follow as well.
Have a fantastic week!
Hi Bridget!
Just stumbled across your name while on Twitter.
Checked out your site.
Loved the woowoo badass consulting.
Happy Groundhog Day!
Do YOU believe there will be six more weeks of winter?
are you in sun valley?
This mangopeach coconut water is definitely an acquired taste...
alright.
I'm off to bed loko.
Good night.
Don't fa get to hmu : sweet doctorams.
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardoctorp.
Good people of Seattle...and awesome tourists visiting this summer: Come to EVO Tapas Kitchen  Cabaret to watch my timelapse films!
a day off with no obligation.
They cheating LSU keep your head up
that's not a good enough answer for me!
:
BlockAid.me does have an interesting solution but it requires the site owner to add his domain...
Soon, only Tea Party members will be in control of the Republican Party.
My evil plan is working splendidly.
Mwahahahahaha.
Automatically loading mobile sites is a nice feature, but users should also have the option to load the full page.
Simply perfect.
where was he boo'd?
missed that  as lobbyists WRA does work both sides, WRA membership probly skews right though..
Hamilton went off last night!!!
What a feat!
I woke up feeling great, I am also in an awesome mood!
I love your professorle pic.
i enjoy the single life a little to much
.
or he wins the misterIrrelevant sweepstakes
I just meant come home haha
Went to Rick's Boatyard Cafe tonite.
So many memories.
OH: I started taking videos of my neighbor doing doctorg deals and I intend on turning them in at some point.
I Love You But I've Chosen Darkness actually ended up choosing light, and frankly were never that fond of you.
Ha!!!
Tell them to have an everlasting back seat!!!
RT  I want to road trip to cleveland for the yankees/indians game.
Hubby on the fence.
Retweet for good luck.help a...
that means alot coming from you.
Real talk.
Thanks.
what?
how absurd!
RT : happy hours are illegal in utah now
Yeah, it makes flights quicker too.
You are occupied!
RT : I just missed my flight to Miami...
No words.
worst feeling ever ; miss u fyi!
Thanks Grace!
Always great to connect with fellow musicians!
Basketball baby!!!!
Before 's first show, listen as passes him the torch tomorrow night on 10pmCT on
Found the absolutely perfect epigraph for my thesis...it's actually making me tear up...thank you Mary Oliver
Italy and France are both eliminated from the World Cup.
I can't say that I'm disappointed.
whydoialways got a lil sip left when im juice thirsty
Love our Home State ...and you!
Muah!
I hope the owner of the fabric store doesn't think I'm a stalker, sigh
Thank goodness that's over
what are the odds Aoki signs?
We've got a 10 for 20 Groupon deal today after 5!
You know you want it...
I get my pay upgrade starting on the 16th :D
thank you lovely 
Tibs was a great coach during the regular season, but he made a bunch of horrible coaching decisions tonight.
Let his team down.
just as a broadcaster
yes they do!!!!
I'm glad you popped in :
Idk I still have peach fuzz :/
your dibs were about 20 mins too late.
next time!
i hope you still find a way to go!!
omfg i hate all those wannabeS on fb who make fake Chachi accts and give her a bad image .
RT this if u agree with me...
If I have my employees trust, we can do extraordinary things
I have pics of all of you guys in old scrapbooks.
The FreshCoastClassic is more than just basketball.
The event features plenty of parties, live entertainment, 
Nodding to my homies at the federal building
I agree, though have never met him.
So many think he's so awful because he's trying to be responsible with money.
Praying.
Hugs.
Telling the WCIDetroit community story through photos has  a great day in the neighborhood.
If you can't...you must.
btw k8  the new pic is crazy good  ur in hottie territory with that one
Channing says that Union troops' views on abolishing slavery changed in tandem with Lincoln's own perspective on slaves
it works both ways, and I am only a text away.
So get those little scrumshuis fingers going and text me.
:
You know that feeling when you should be finishing something on deadline but you can't stop reading about Sandoctor Fluke?
I'm at the beautiful beach of Gulf Shores listening to your songs!
Where are you?
parrot head
Its not that I am so smart, its just that I stay with problems longer By Albert Einstein
thingsNOTtobringhomefromspringbreak: Crabs, Herpes, incriminating photos, Baby on Board sign, court summons, tattoo I will later regret.
I freakin' dominated 'Californication' by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Like 98 percent.
Obnoxious guy on the Bloomsday shuttle this morning
Hey guys, check out a photo of me and
Bout to touchdown in Atlanta I'm so amped right now
the more of them get locked up the safer my daughter is 
sorry, gotta root for the
Not only is it important to set goals for Success but once you have attained your goals you must maintain them!
Attain and Maintain!
That's you , STRANGER ...
Lol u haven't hmu for a while now , But What's good IMY Friend
Daaamnnn Kenzie, You get some every day , don't it
if you're going to be a bear be a grizzly!
getting the low down on security From Ben Jeavons from GVS at
hey I know someone in Indiana who would love a chance to date you!!!!!!
:
High School Coaches: Roadoctornner Team Camps start in just 5 weeks!
Register at www.startsmartbasketball.com
It's so great finally speaking to him 
FuseBox just submitted to the Richmond Improv Festival!
Jay  Silent Bob Strikes Back is on the american movie classic channel...
anytime friends!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!!
it's not 12 yet but happy bday anyways!
:D 3
Meeting up with 2 diff producers for 2 diff music videos, then ima hit up the studio for the finishing vocals on forever know
All services up and running.
No outstanding network issues.
East Village Body Shop offers massages: 1 hour massage for 60.
Chose from Swedish, Hot Stone, Prenatal, Thai, deep Tissue or Reiki!
Get 20 OFF your or order by using the repcode Blaze1Up at the checkout!
just stay up a little longer til Inside The NBA ends tonight.
gone fishin'!
SilentAuction coming to a close.
word of the day: good.
As in, before morning and girl.
How have you not noticed no one is responding to you?
shutup about pioneer trail on facebook.
no one hits on your stupid boyfriend.
Big 12 hires Stanford AD as commissioner
Which is why we 3 it.
Also: things in good shape.
See you Saturday at 11?
At staff entrance on 1st St.
NE.
Capeesh?
Trying help someone who doesn't want help is pointless.
In the end, you'll get hurt
RT Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving.
WT Purkiser
Ah check that, I turned my paper in with 35secs to go lol.
Toughest part of life, is making decisions :
Really enjoyed and learned a lot last weekend for coaches growing their business ...
SINCEIMBEINGHONEST YOUR A REAL PRICK AND YU ACT LIKE A FEMALE LOL JUSTSAYING I WISH I HAD HIS TWITTER TO TAG HYM IN THIS XD
I miss the 90's and all the diversity back then.
I was just a kid, but I miss it!
a good way to let the whole world know you're an asshole is to be Gary Tanguay
Sounds like a nice camp.
What enters you determines what exits you.
on blast bikinisummer!
Why do some Black people, especially Black men, feel we get respect by using a foul derogatory racial slur hoisted on us by slavemasters?!?
Plowing through the Bluetip discography today.
If that finishes I'll go to Retisonic, Swiz, Garden Variety, Sweetbelly Freakdown, etc.
Wish is made!
Missing my tweet life!
Busy editing episode 3 of Diary of an Actress and reporting for InHollywood Magazine!
Going to the Conference?
Say hi to from  ask about NEH grant opportunities
Eucalyptus is our 1 choice of biomass.
We're working with UH Tropical Agriculture to find other alternative appropriate feedstocks.
that's for sure.
Although I really don't find the smell all that great:
Gichy gichy goo does NOT mean I love you, Disney.
NO.
BAD DISNEY.
Dance party in my living room watching finale on my DVR...shhh, don't tell me the results.
burgers?
lol when we go to the store on the 7th, veggie ones hahaha
It's a sad day when I have to move on from holiday tunes on Time to move on.
station it is!
Aw flub.
I cant participate in bowday because I didnt read the tweet until i got on the bus!!
.
well i will wear one when i get home
Lol You Welcome Kid.
What is his cause?
I can't seem to find the other side of the story anywhere...
PS you  are an amazing author!
whats good out there my people?
Fact.
: I think my grandma would start crying if she heard dubstep.
Marshallism of the Day: Relationships are like teetertotter scales.
They come together because each side balances the other.
Audible gasps  responses from the audience when Roger Clegg said will be tempted to professorle as long as AA commit most street crimes!!
I have woken up at 2:30 every night for the past 2 weeks.
foursquare thinks we should be dining together...
RT to get RIP MCA trending.
U smell like a stifled taliban sweat
I got a lot of reading done last night.
I will be back at it shortly.
There is so much to learn regarding librarianship.
:
RT : Home is love, and love is always home.
Ariel
Done with the first set of marking.
Now to a working lunch to discuss the English major's information fluency requirement
I just wish he had a huskier tone to his voice.
thank ya.
circling back on that other article.
details soon.
:
RT : Worry is a misuse of imagination.Dan Zadoctor
There is a song bout that indicating 5:00 is right....
but I see nothing wrong with noon if you have a free day!
today's relationship: you can touch each other, but not each others phone
I suck Justin's...
Woah there.
That's just sick.
see what happens when u believe
Thanks for the support!
The companion iPhone app is pretty neat.
My opinion is biased though ;
is hilarious!
It's a Nice Chilly day in the Mile Hi City...
And the NUGGETS did it, Guess we going back to Cali....Game 7 Sat.
Gotta Love
Only slept a few hours......it's raining like insanity out here.......and I feel like hell.........but it's still a great day.
She'll be here Friday morning  Tuesday night.
I can't wait to get a lemon stick at Flowermart..m
Hoes mind b on the wrong thing , that's y some body took ya man kmsl
i think instead of cinnamon, u should substitute for cocoa powder!!!
Back  it later :
brewers should know the scouting report on Chacin, but still free swinging...
behavior changes when fines affect bottom line.
If only bump in road, seen as a marketing expense
Try Airborne...it worked for my husband last week.
Now he's a believer!
we belong together ; 333333
Ha!
and Born in the USA is not a jingoistic anthem.
On the home stretch on a piece for a venture capital pub on where VCs are putting their cash these days in statups commercializing DNA.
.Betty is going through her cycles and decided to overheat on the beloved 405.
Let's see what surprise she has waiting for me next.
Listening to the radio Hits103.3
I was in love with a Sagittarius..
Enjoying book Orgs don't Tweet, People Do.
Making me think, which is always good!
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: Sports fan who loves his team so much that he starts to HATE them, a weeping family, fallen hot dog
Great seeing you last weekend!!
Hope to see you again soon!
Xo
I never miss public library work than on the days when I wouldn't have to go to work.
he's adorable3
Shame on the Ohio senate for union busting!
oh relax mwah
Rain today.
Maybe thunderstorms this afternoon.
I never said that.
I've been reading everything since October.
Great job to you and Great reporting!!
First homecooked meal postcircumnavigation.
Don't miss ship food at all.
: Yepp us too.
We like both, just depends on what dish were enjoy it with!
depends on how you define importance, hoss.
Simplicity is the peak of civilization.
Goin to see Rogercreager and Katha Harris tonight at the Exit Inn!
What does Malick tell his actors?
Great!
Next time use an even lower voice, like your dying breathe.
haha okay.
I shall fangirl over SuJu for two weeks
Wish I was out  about for record store day, but alas, I am at work.
Wanted Anberlin  Never Take Friendship Personal.
heck no :
i honestly don't know why people start shit , but the best way to solve it is by killing them with kindness :
do u want to video chat with me
K, now that the UWO baseball games are canceled today, here's the plan: I'm gonna sit in my room and listen to the Gin Blossoms all day.
happy vday to u as well!
I know I'm already blessed!
:
Happy bday I hope u have a nice day with your family: lov u!
On average, cell phone users replace their phones every 14 months.
Million dollar question is, what is happening to those old phones?
then go cower in the corner sissy
haha im not saying it's bad !
it's just different ...
I am completely surprised...I have lost all faith in Beej
the doit yourself market is booming.
A lot of guys going that route.
And DoIt Molds has the stuff you need.
I say that every week
Oh these?
These are my crankypants.
I'm taking a personal day!
Searchable by subject tags, type, size dimensions, color num
Monday, Monday ...
There's always Happy Hour to look forward to!
Needa go to a show to release some stress fuck
.
Um, we LOVE that you guys do all the tweeting for us!
Thank you!
Fluffy and softly blushed are never good qualities in a man.
Have a good night everyone, I hope everyone's weekend was enjoyable!
at the eLCC meeting.
I just linked all my social networking sites with Ping.fm
Protesters getting ready to march
win a bracelet and we'll match that in vegas....
Get there early 4 beer bar  get the best crowd,djs, and specials all nite.
1 beers,3 u call its,3 shots,3 bombs hosted by
what will it be???
hosted by: Jababa  Wasi  Coverage by: Hot105 This year will be a movie!
: huh?ask your cuzin what I meant with her bird watching ass
Thought I was broke, but somehow missed the 50 in my wallet i'lltakeit
really?!
You wouldn't mind giving them to me?
Santorum cannot beat Barack Obama.
Period.
Not yet.
Little guy still won't sleep!
Soon I hope.
Just signed up for Twitter!
As KILLA said before ..DON'T GET MAD, MAKE YOU SOME MONEY NIGGA..LOL
No details yet.
But given that he shot himself in the chest, it's not a big leap
Who wants to go to Dominica or St.
Lucia when it is cold outside?
Check out my website slifoundation.org and check out our work!
i am crabby today.
not sure why.
maybe i need a nap.
LADIES: don't be his OTHER chick...be his ONLY chick.
HELP!
...any recommendations for good project management software?
want to be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?:
good luck!
Hope it works out for ya!
We may be slightly doctornk.
doctorpped a little something in the mail for you from Disqus...
let the anticipation build!
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten
In Spain?!
How amazing!!
Please share a photo of what your view looks like!
Thank you to all my friends and family wishing me luck on my job interview: means a lot!
Party in Spanish tomarro!!!!
Going to fail my history test..but I'll just blame for kepping me from studying :
Just took down like it was nothing.
hard8.
And now Air Force One is on...
LAWD I DONE FELL OFF THE COUCH!
apparently mark richt has called psu about the job...interesting
It's almost time!!
has your lunchtime mix fix!!
Tell me your tuned in?
Please?
Buhahaha
You too!
Keep on kicking journalism butt!
I can't wait to see how far you go in this biz of ours :
So glad has joined the Twitter world.
Amanda Warembourg: Truth is Karma really is a 7h and i just got bh slapped!
its all good with me at least Flacco doesn't get a Super Bowl in his only chance.
study results pointed to gender role orientation as a stronger predictor of both general selfefficacy and social selfefficacy,
If you don't get paid by check and someone tells you you have reporting obligations under 408 question it  Ferenczy
Seeing the tonight at GWU.
I know they play the Beatles but I'm hoping for an Imperial March to celebrate
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Which amazing Sinatra song crooned, Shes a knockout and a beauty, and a flirt?
3 key points to TCO: changes to global capacity vs demand, accelerated life cycles, expanded sourcing factors
it's not mandatory
I think I'm near the point of breaking..
His voice..
Makes me melt like a popsicle on the fourth of july!!
3
yea if your a dirtbag.
Man I need this recipe for this sweet tea.
oh my cousin.
Thanks, Sandoctor!
MERRY/HAPPY CHRISTMAS EVE EVERYONE!!!
:
Too bad the final will b mostly reserves because of the yellow cards.
Great win.
Working on a paper on televangelism and affect had to watch a Joel Osteen video and feel slightly ill now.
I have a crinkley wrapper FHEHCNEJCNSJWHXNSJCHEHCJRHVJRJFJFNTJVJFJSIWIXIWOCHDNCJEIFJRHGHVHTUFUCUWJCBEBCHEJFJFJFJFJBJGNBHDJCJSJWNXMA sorry
This Friday and Saturday's games have been moved up to Thursday and Friday.
Both still stating at 12 pm, Double header on thursday
you've been on the phone for that long Deng!:o Me aaron used to be on the phone for longer tho.
Like 3hours!
:o
oh Leo.
Lol.
HB1450 would ensure that federal education dollars that MD gets go to supplemental education programs for low income students.
Client work on a Sat  eeeesshhh
Holy fuck, it's going to be 90 degrees today
Another day, another unexplained delay on
I am beginning to question how I ever lived without tempeh Fakin' Bacon.
Video editing allows you to embed from the Web.
While this reduces file size, we don't control the file on the Web.
Next 2CC show coming up in OCT 2011....Stay tuned.
Packed and just about ready to go....back to the real world!
Yay.
DID I MISS SOMETHING?
IS 'THINK LIKE A MAN' THE NEXT BEST MOVIE TO BE RELEASED IN AMERICA?
45 MILLION IN MARKETINGADVERTISING WELL SPENT.
I fly like paper get high like planes.
Business QA: Jim Clark, chairman of Oklahoma City's BC Clark Jewelers
I can't believe I forgot about impractical jokers
I'm seeing The Trend of Trending at sxsw  curation, aggregation are the same; you can win by watching trends, getting ahead of wave
Dissapointing that Fox recycled setup/music for their soccer broadcast.
And Peirs Morgan?
Having an accent isn't a credential.
Did anyone in dance record the jazz combo?
I am.
These guys are bad!
Arie or Charlie are my guess.
Yep!
Good thing is showing another episode...
is this old or new?
Why haven't I seen it if it's not new?
Thanks Kelly!
Glad you learned a lot.
Thanks for tuning in!
RT Great webinar by today : learned quite a lot!
We are so excited for the upcoming season!
Lots of changes, lots of work, and hopefully, lots of lives changed in the process!
looking for radio show guests?
I have one who can speak on the mortgage fraud issues Contact me 4 more info
Love it!
Are there any other Facebook pages you recommend?
's making me thirsty for even more inspiration.
Babies.
The other STD.
Gotta sleep,goodnight guys 
Taking a nice long cold shower after beaing outside sweating in 95 degree weather all day 
My interview with is up on our website at FM 93.7/AM 1510
That awkward moment where you spend 10 minutes thoughtfully perusing the menu when you really only walked in to use the bathroom.
great training session tonight!
Stop beating up on small asian men, sir
yes he does!
MT PBS Frontline: Are We Safer?
explores Sacrificing Civil Liberties  Privacy to Fight Terrorism
Very well said.
Thanks for the mention
I'd love to!
I'm already scheming about making a return trip.
How about in the fall?
I do, but only when it's right after work.
I stood outside my classroom the first day of school to greet students in the morning.
abou to get me a glass of wine sit in my studio and get it in Yes :
This sentence that you have managed to type indicates, more than anything, the level of stupidity you possess.
I'm 20 min into Up in the Air and my first thought is: I love every actor in this movie
haha aw cute.
I don't see you rockinout with that iPod shuffle tho?
BAHAHHAHAHA that's so random lol I love her
i had to let her go cuz she wasnt workin rite
a few more people are talking about the black turf.
i suppose the heat wouldnt be an issue with an on field cooling system
On the hunt for a Recruiter gig ASAP!
Inbox me with any leads, thanks!
The awkward moment when someone uses the public restroo, doesn't wash their hands and walks past you like
I really wanted to go to ROFLCon...maybe once I get the book done.
UGH COMING
love you siblings.
can't wait to be reunited!
An artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs.
Edgard Varese
Are you a small business owner in Richmond?
If so, tweet us so that Solutions Mortgage can promote your services to our followers
Kansas  Baylor only teams left yet to face a single digit seed in tourney..
Both get 1 seeds as first test on Sunday
Break time peeps!
I would appreciate it.
WhyDoIAlways develop feelings?
I hate feelings..
my fave hair was the slickedback, high pony with hair as the hairtie.
Uberoriginal!
Now on 102.1 San Francisco, and always on 98.5 San Jose.
Thank you, Dondoctor.
Your poem/speech to the instructors was very touching.
It made a lot of us tear up.I'm going to miss you.
Hi!
unused hrs don't rollover to the next month.
If you not sure you will use all plan hrs signup for www.asksunday.com/ondemand
meetings....
Studio later before work....
Who else is LOVING
A man asked a fairy to make him desirable  irresistible to all women.
She turned him into a credit card.
SW ABQ may have to wait until the next round...pushing across I25 now...
RT Only thing I'm commited to nowadays is sleep.
Sleep and me till the end.
they totally forget...
i've had people from high school who abused me try to add me on facebook.
like, beat me up
Imagine a parallel universe.
No, I'm serial.
In Georgia!
Hello Georgians
message me
thanks for supporting us with Cuts 4 a Cause!
They seriously creep me out.
shivers
83 is a good innings
jaxonnnnnnn.
hey!
Haven't talked to ya in a while.
What's up?
apparently the thing to do is tweet!
Wow!
RT : I worked for a fine jewelry store.
Owner handmade creations  did jewelry repair.
90 of his biz was repairs 
Singing Amalia in She Loves Me 2 Morrow nite!
Excited!!!
I don't think you realize, I was dying inside.....
I love  just thought I'd let everyone know....he's an inspiration   if u haven't heard of him, get ur butt on YouTube!
just show up to like after school practices and she won't bother you
youknowyouraskellwhen you try to pay for a hooker with ur ipad
LL's opening monologue was so moving and inclusive  almost brought me to tears.
I know wassup , and you not wassup!
Great NINES/18thConnect meeting in Dublin today; Gale, ESTC, Adam Matthew,  Literature Compass all eager to share data  collaborate.
You are now my life.
let's party .
Dear Teacher, 'If the bell doesn't dismiss me, then the bell doesn't ...
decide when I arrive.' Case Closed..woman.
Oh, I can live!
I just wondered what happened to the Mandinka soap and have been stalking your shop to that end.
very interesting.
i don't have a problem with tebow, especially in Jacksonville.
He has to have a chance to start, or backup a true starter
I just did.
No microwave in our place.
Making orange marmalade chocolate bars.
we only wish we ALL could have been there!
Does do fun employee contests, too?
I sense a head2head challenge..
Saw this bumper sticker : Many who wait to seek God at 11th hour die at 10:30.
Hm
Today's unemployed are in career transition.
Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show featuring speakers Jim Dutton and Ellen Delap www.lhaevents.com
You are too stupid to play this game.
Hispanics then?
They are not even a foot away from each other but yet yelling.
: Sagittarius gets irritated easily...
by stupidity.
LOL YES
I hate calling you followers, you're just fucking awesome people who are nice enough to follow me :
I actually went yesterday.
Loved it!
My boyfriend lives in chinatown.
What concert is today?
canibehonestwithyou an inmate in west virginia almost beat obamaFAIL in the democratic primary.
Bwaaaaaahahahaha!
I know!
Lmaoo RT : RT son leave Randell alone, he is trying to do right
i love basketball so much that i ran 45 suicides for a total of 4.28
Thanks so much for the shout out!
: XO I actually just meant y did u change ur name, but I like Real mister Terrific :
Club was to live last night.
Shit didn't end till 6 in the morning !
Headed to the dentist.
As weird as I am for saying that I like mouth pain, I have a feeling this might top the charts and not in a good way
Hit me on the two way
I completely agree.
Denver has great sports media ppl  you're one.
Den glad to have u.
I heard that classless ad they ran on 1023
being offended .
i thought i told u his name waz buzzkill an wow
Have a good weekend, everyone!
What awesome deals have you found lately?
Share the savings!
If you want some amazing senior pics, book now with Shalem Photography!
He's looking for senior models as well so call him!
Or talk to me :
Remember, your shine starts with your shoes!
Husband at a golf outing, both kids finally napping..
Deep breath.
Relax.
thanks for the RT!
It's nature's will, and I'm against nature.
I don't dig nature at all.
wish you could be there, too!
i have a feeling florian will be back.
hopefully, we'll get good recordings.
:
Ear infection...in BOTH EARS???
C'mon, seriously?
' killing doctorams  hurting the weak...one tweet at a time ...no that takes skillz!
I figured it was a trigger
Gonna be putting up the Christmas decorations  tree:
Follow us at
ahh yea, I agree with that.
I thought you meant the sniper part.
The first time I did that, I jumped right in and got owned.
I have slept 8 hours in 4 days?
At what point does one begin to hallucinate while under the power of insomnia?
Crazy Friday college football.
Great game
ah!!
Best tweet ever.
i WILL ask.
WOW,THANK YOU!
we appreciate your compliment!
RT : Looks really cool.
The world is depressing.
I'm going to bed.
Auto correct on my phone hates me.
RT : BioBuzz  to host a Science of Beer social w/ More details to come later this week...
Nice bro!
I'll have to jump on that too!
And the older, and now extinct, name for the inhabitants is Dorpians, from the Dutch Dorp meaning town.
I love my mom, she made my my favorite breakfast.
:D
Staff Christmas Photo shoot tonite at The Place along with Dirtywater TV 10pm
Sorry about that.
our RSS feed puked which caused our twitterfeed to push out the old notification..
i'm gonna ask my aunt if she'll take me.
lulz.
2 hourss!!!
bro its 3.03am here in australia im njot waiting till 5 babe make it now 3 the sooner the better follow back x
ah im so stressed!!
cant wait to do my Insanity workout tn!
doctorwing smiley faces on peoples' back when they're sleeping.
Only in Balto: man gets out of his car at red light to take a leak in the street.
the part about cutting off of the fins is devastating.
doesn't matter we can decide on the way lol
Flight attendant said we leave early if people hurry up/sit down  wild eyed/haired lady in Xmas sweatshirt screamed 'YEEEAHH!'
I actually had to use my iPhone to make a phone call
FollowMeCody Pretty Please You won't regret it :D Love Ya
Can we please separate the meaning of a HO  a LADY cause these hos getting to comfortable this year...
Everyone doess.
lol.
4 homework i have to collect leaves how dumb is tht??!
lmao.
I WILL B WATCHIN'
yeah dang work is always getting in the way but it was fucking awesome congrats you 2!
: Not saying to dump Thibs.
He's good, but not cutting it in the playoffs.
Last year they had problems too.
He's gotta learn.
ops I fuunked up!
Officially following!
I am number one fan brro!!
Wrapped on one edit gig; on to the next.
Looking to make a wellness oriented New Years resolution?
Follow through at the new Golds Gym.
Why am I on twitter on my phone ' on my laptop????
Our thoughts  prayers be with the Tim's family  New Destiny Church as they mourn the loss of doctor Pastor Zachery Tims!
thanks for the followand support Nancy hope you enjoy the rest of TC and come in to next time you are in the chi
oh my god, thai sounds amazing right now
Good Morning guys !
Ha!
Rt : I can't wait for the first Presidential candidates who grew up with a Facebook account.
Being able to sleep in  :
Congrats to for winning a pair of tix to see the Brewers play the Cards on Apr.
8.
We'll give another pair away next Wednesday!
I think they should've named the show Soul Patches
me too!
Lol wow I got my phone taken away.
Thanks for the ff!
I don't feel random, though :
Diversity and inclusion is critical to Henry Ford Health System.
You have to believe that you're the one in a million and show up every day on mission.
doctoram big, doctoram often.
Omg painful
'06 Los Carneros syrah.
So good.
Unfortunately we are finally reaching the end of the 2 cases we got last year!
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
James M.
Barrie
I hope we at least get a delay tomorrow.
thanks for mentioning today!
then lets play!
I promise I'm not that bad..
Is Maya cheerleading?
FatTuesday is just one day away!
Come to Fridays tomorrow to try our special SoCo Hurricane doctornk and pick up some celebratory beads!
Catching up on RxR for a few weeks peeps....be good
Madonna is 53 and performs better than you.
beyonce
so gonna videotape me doctornking vodka in the guys restroom at walmart haha
Thanks!
I appreciate it.
mornings are always cold
So I woke up sick bummer :
hey John can I get a rt to help get my follower count up?
Follow for makeup tips ladies!!!!!
LOOKING  SOME OF YALL professorLE PICS.....TRUST U COULD USE THE HELP!!!!!
My friends always ask why i tweet alot , fuck you think twitter is for 
So nice to hear Nick Lowe and Rafael Saddiq during my doctorve time this week.
Thanks!
Love our eclectic local radio.
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
Lots of RTs to call attention to Arizona law  Tucson school district's decision to dismantle Mexican studies program
ChrisDavis says his pipes will be rested for tomorrow night's anthem
let's keep this shit going.
carlproblems .
Reading thru the write ups of scotus and healthcare: 3 things.
Reporters are lazy, biased and whinny
Daily Dose of Goodness: Diploma is Greek for folded paper.
And now you know what you really worked for all those years.
not looking forward to my 8 am final tomorrow morning.
i don't even know the last time i was up at that time.
: Almost 26 percent of U.S.
adults over the age of 20 are prediabetics, and more than 35 percent of seniors, 60 and older.
Think they all have dairy..perhaps we can find some sorbet or fresh berries when you visit?
Selena's alright Demi's just better people can actually really relate to her musicit actually means more3 I love Demi!
I'll txt ya
nice shirt :.
Looks good on you
This Day in the Life series is good.
Watched the one on Das Racists and Mario Batalia.
i never do all the talking
That was an album by ALL.
l  your pic
Happy birthday princess 
main is going to be the street this summer!!
downtown on fire !!
S main on fire!!
Oh, for my seafood lovers...
Leola's Crab Shack is on the TallyCardz...
Best garlic crabs in N.
FL.
15 OFF w/ a
Would like to hear some options for school start times my large urban dist is contemplating change
hey ..
looking for you.
my app is messed up too, but they at least acknowledged the bug.
Hoping that their monster computer is keeping track :
if you wanna be cool like , then follow
u should cause trust is in luv
Corporate Resource Services Enters into a 12 Million Debt Conversion Agreement
Coakley's rape mailer was truly hitting below the belt, and I mean that literally.
Talk about disinformation, this takes the cake.
Looking for a Bail Bondsman Call JShin Now.....
7864452171 Dade And Broward..
Lock this number in for emergency...
I'm here for you.....
: MadeUpFacts MadeUpFacts Jesus Christ has 12 followers before twitter was even invented  a miracle !/ LOL!
icantstandpeoplethat chew their gum like cows.
Why do I not have a record deal yet?
thank you so much for coming out 2 c sarahswar !
so great to relax and c you 2!!
Xoxo
Very true.
One time I had to call Saturday night to see if I worked Sunday because it wasn't done on Saturday morning
had two hours of fiddle practice today in Tietgen's music room.
Which is luckily soundproofed.
Yep RT : Romney changes mind on samesex adoptions.
So flipfloppy, he should be named Slinky.
Contentment is the greatest treasure.
Laotzu
Good Morning!!
yeah I corrected my tweet right after.
I forgot about that and remembered right after I wrote it.
Virginia is hungry.
View our large selection of diamond jewelry in Austin, Texas.
We're having a huge liquidation sale in order to move locations.
So you know that you works with geeks when you see a dude leave the restroom stall with a tablet.
Guess newsprint is officially dead
No one seemed to care during the lockout that the bucks weren't playing, so why would anyone care if they leave?
Groups are being directed to begin discussion.
may 3rd doll .
Ready for
Thank u!!
You can build world class parks, museums and restaurants but without quality school options families will always flee.
Tomorrow we'll back back for more FooddoctorveFriday!
Bring your extra canned goods for 10 off your bill and we'll donate them for you!
love you so much!
:
Pool time!
what neighborhood?
Bottomless doctornks?
Or nicer with amazing food?
haha.
I haven't tweeted for decades!!!
don't worry I'll come to you :p good morning homeslice
Awesome, thanks
When will 2012 dates be announced?
Already looking at NYC for next year!
Congratulations and thanks for being a part of our program!
It's ok, to be ready to settle down...
Just don't be ready to settle for less...
That's where a lot of people go wrong...
Glad I stopped in at work, so I could meet the helpful researcher who was darkening faded mss ink with a ballpoint.
Well, I'd miss and my puppies.
lol.
We good.
A on the way.
Bissinger says that 43 of the top 100 programs lose money on
Man, it's quiet today!
Is there some kinda holiday coming up or something?
oh also i'm in France with The Men and it rules!
just wrote a new song in like 10 minutes  might be a record!
NP doctorke  Cameras
you have a certain person in mind, or that going out to everyone?
Campfire and a cigar tonight.
You're all welcome to join me.
Calvin Johnson  Justin Blackmon  AJ Green
: Tina Fey actually coached Kevin Gnapoor on how to rap for the talent show scene in the movie Mean Girls.
yea..about that i haven't got my AP yet..has May's AP been sent out yet?...
awesome!!!
glad you like it!
April 24 is Pig in a Blanket Day.
Well clean 1 blanket/family for FREE on 4/24 if u doctorp off that day  tell the CSR you saw this.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 51
last man standing is a fav of mine, they are also great live!
:
Holy Moley it's raining in Austin, TX!!
.
or are excellent resources for an appropriate response ; thank you for reaching out to us.
Full moon celebrations!!
Happy full moon  shabbat shalom to all!
3
Annie just smashed my fingers!!!!...:
I gotta let you niggas know the time like Movado.
My motto, stack rocks like Colorado.
The rotating perspective animation means Bethesda's subliminal messaging routine has kicked in.
Marketing is the new finance quoted by at digiday  I hope not!
Up next: regulation, accusations, and protestors?
Everybody follow the club
thinking about her list for today
I hate doctornk mfs!!!!!!!
G control yo ass!!!
Happy New Years To Hope Everthin goes great thia year for erbody!!
XD
Got another volume of Bukowski poems from the library.
Austin!You're amazing!Me and friend ran around my neighbor hood yelling WeSupportMahone!Love you!Never give up:
No escalators or elevator at 12th and G exit of Metro Center, stairs  allergies  unable to breathe
Mix lemon juice with vinegar  some baking soda to make a good cleaning paste.
Happy Birthday, dude!
Hope all is well ...
thx for sharing out our tips!
haha..Tell me about it I did that yesterday lol
Just trying to laugh.
My groups slacking today!
Ive that problem too!
I often find myself late bc I am doing stuff am that I could have done when I'd time
Correct grammar ppl....correct grammar
huh?
What's that have to do with Caleb?
O.o
no you have to adopt my adopted team!
Just downloaded that new  Mixing Up The Medicine!
break from bike tour  msm for a rehearsal...
My hobbies include childcare, Zumba, and finding cute dogs to follow on instagram
that was nasty...
i hate when u sit next to someone and their body odor is on FRILL ,,,fuckin ridiculous.
wash urself my dude.
You Know Am Gonna Kill You right ?!
Yeah, I use that for my music.
Good!
: Good...: Chumbawumba  Tubthumper good or bad?
FBA I Vote good!
I love you so much, you made this an amazing night.
you mean everything and all to me and you always will babe, i love you 3
Maybe they should make a desperate why don't i have a boyfriend, and why am i not pretty complaint website.
Because that's all i see now.
Nap.
Then Showtime.
As Budlite put it so perfectly.
This taste like shit.
she's evil, Dude...LOL.
but I love her anyway!!
Get amazing discounts with your California VIP Card at most bars in downtown!
Call today and get yours for only 20!!!!
619.226.1121
Ew that Martha chick on my TL!
Gotta look fresh for my picture
I don't know how that's embarrassing considering that he Red Sox are better than the Indians?
Thanks for the pics!
Amazing that story is still being told.
The jar sold in 2005!
No doubt!
Lightning to the Nation!
OMG where was that at ?
Just saw the Avengers!
I did not understand it sometimes...
BUT...
It was really, REALLY good.
Funny too: go see it!!!
RT : Work Or School Tomorrow 
don't let those fucking haters get you down my man.
The real fans will stick with you forever.
Love the new album.
Keep rockin
Maybe, the holy spirit came to visit the other day ;
True  but even those are not ultimately safe  if you are a politician or celeb, consider it all public.
wow D.
Fisher is gone???
guess no more easy lay ups for PGs..LoL
The rapture is just a grass roots social media movement with a bit of help from the national media who doesn't have anything to report :
Oh Portlandia, I'll be glad to see you
RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama // indeed
hey Ariel!
Really enjoy your show!
How's flying?
the edited one where it looks greenish and says Representing: 216
A funny RT On Earth, !
MY DAD SAYS is canceled, but not on United Airlines inflight TV.
Guitar lessons, Chicago?
Bought a guitar off my sister.
Never too late to start.
I agree, but I think many folks are lazy and rely on new or best to be their creative and solution.
that makes sense.
Love it!
RT : Thank you Jeff Parke RT : What just happened !!!
Really trying to get out of the Funk im in.
we bag corn syrup all up on the trap couch
Yessir..
they are...
.
Thank you for selling some of the other things that make life beautiful!
I Rememba When Roll Bounce Used To Be My Fave Movie !
Rough Roostars  Breakout tour starts tommorrow in Ireland..
Thingsthatturnmeoff when male/females acts thirsty
I tried to level work early to beat the big ChicagoStorm and I got on the 1 westbount Metra train that gets delayed!
Tonight at we will review Fever and Mud Stompin' and teach Country Girl Shake it for Me!
Lessons are from 68pm Tonight!!!
Love having you in the green and gold.
Can't wait for next year!
ThingsGirlsSay RT Popcorn needs to be banned in offices.
Someone burnt popcorn last week and the office still reeks of it!
i, daniel tosh, herby give you the rights to my stupid sht ive gotten in my boring mirerible life...
wasn't this guy, but he did have a sweet guitar.
hear this
We only have criteria; since wikis change often, you'll have to check the page's history.
I hate when people question me for no reason, mind your business.
Woah.
Three years ago I joined Twitter.
please can Justin Bieber come to poland?
I love Justin so much:
I was just gonna tell u I thought the same.
It didn't sound like u at all especially the LOL part.
It's about time Friday.
Let's get weird...
obviously cheers 
Psst!
We're closing.
Our founder opened socialmedia shop  creative team is now Follow us there!
I never got into that show!
It was too much for me, just from the commercials!
R u tweeting?
No I have Tourette's.
Do u have twitter?
Lady it's a tic.
TS is a neurological disorder and Im a bit self conscious.
In breaking news, Obama has come out against polio, but it's only his personal opinion
I hate changes!!!
sure you are.
I heard!!
Tear gas, broken windows and all!
Where are you?!
Come say hi!!
can I get a picture of that?
Ohio State Choke Job
love it enough for an interview when we make it to St.
Louis?
You're stuff is a huge inspiration, seriously love it.
So the synopsis of Rowling's new novel sounds very British to me.
As a Brit disguised as an American, I'm okay with this.
Personally never aims for the body.
Goones are on the move...
looks like hunting season..
what fun what fun what fun we are about to have ;D
How do people not understand the affect their actions/words they have on another person?
I've had the sustained urge to start a matchbook collection lately.
Does that sound weird?
I think Mark Canter's comment about Axl saying Finck was his Randy Rhoads was insightful
RT : sometimes all it takes is a smile to make someones day a lil better
Chris Steele from Regis Out Of The Cube Ideas for Extensive ILL Requests
Lack of time to do it right.
And I don't believe in doing things halfway
It's kind of scary when ur school catches fire like right in front of u.
Watching a prez about IBM's New CRM systm using Sugar.
Wow!
Thank you Bob Geabhart!
Shoting in Brooklyn for
The moment when you're not going to Rock The Bells and the lineup is fucking amazing ..
TennesseeProblems 
As long as it's real bacon.....
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
Plato
There are two ways of being rich.
One is to have all you want, the other is to be satisfied with what you have.
I know there have to be fun things happening in Boston on Memorial Day weekend.
Anyone know what they are?
pick it up Saturday morning
: Whoever ''Shawty'' is, she apparently has a lot of rapper boyfriends.
Follow me sexy
To think you know a person.
it started when i woke up!
and we have no fluorescents at home.
: it's a really weird ache over the right half of my head.
Risky Behavior  the average couple gets marriage counseling 7 years after they need it.
Average length of marriage 8 years.
Working hard in the studio with our friend Brennan
Experience is the teacher of all things.
Julius Caesar
Designing all day!
God rescinds pledge to Noah; begins in Australia.
hahaha, have you tweeted him?
;D
I'm going to marry
St.
Kate's has peer money mentors prgm  Jinaa is leader in that.
Signed on to lead some exciting research with the USC Medical Campus on consciousness, misdirection and healing.
it's pitiful, but the issue is they still think everything is about them and not their kids.
how can I get pit passes for oct 23?
I threw a boot at  she fell of the bed, then proceeded to get hit in the face with a water bottle all in 2 minutes.
Why was a fish, cheese, and an unopened bottle of wine left on the body of a Green River victim?
Yes!
Definitely time for spring cleaning!
You can make it through the morning, then come have some fun in the sun with me :
what's happening?
GreenEllis Gains no Yards on the Carry.
at the house.
I have no clue
but yea I'm down I'll go
Hey!
We need a sleepover son!
GO Yanks!
Who will win Khali or World Strongest man ?
RT if Khali Won
Oops its been a min u must be lost somewhere in Twitter land.
Happy Saturday everyone!!
Have a great day!
agreed!
I can't stand his woman voice!
TwoThingsIWant house and a puppy!!!!
trying to get in touch with someone there about hosting a party there in June.
ahh I just saw thiss !
haave fun and ill be waiting :D
I learned from HAHAHAHA
IF YOU TRUST GOD LIKE I DO THEN WE GO BE GOOD AND YOU GO LOVE MY VIBE...IM YA BOY DINGBATT IM FROM DADE COUNTY!!!
MIAMI!!!!!!
Welcome Back to Hawaii!!!
I wish I will see you and here in the Islands RT
You can still register for this Sunday's Intown Ten road race in store at Phidippides, but today's the last day  don't wait!
Thank you to Albuquerque, NM....KLYT!
For adding Breathe by on their station.
and going, and a couple there, and it is Christmas!!!
How cool is that?
And a new CD almost ready to offer
The only real training for leadership is leadership.
Looking forward to my 10th year!
A lifechanging place experience.
I won't stop until they say Mike Valdes is the white
ok sounds good!
I dont think she would have a problem with that!
it would make my life if i got a happy birthday from you today :
you could add Halloween costume stores to the app as a temporary add!
Yeah their both Hell Gate actaully
gotribe are there any standing too only tickets available?
dependin on the beat 1 can go from 50100 for exclusive..
I am full af
Wish i were right now  getting some great tweets about all the music and food!
You're full of Sith.
Get it?
Sith?
Hahaha
I HATE SEEING PEOPLE STRESSED OUT
The joy formidable was fucking awesome at keep it gnarly cage the elephant!
Thanks for the follow!
Feel free to ask questions about our online employee scheduling software for restaurants...
If ya work hard you can do it!
That's what I'm going for, broadcast journalism.
And minor in journalism and computers
9/20/1941: Several thousand Jewish women  childoctorn were executed at the Kovno, Lithuania, synagogue after being held there for 3 days
I'm riding wit OKC
thanks babes I'm so trying
Rajon Rondo has been suspended for game 2 vs Hawks on Tuesday for bumping into an official.
Working on a complete overhaul of the Technigami website using responsive design, and the twitter bootstrap starter.
Powered by Pinax
Not a single one.
would like to meet with you.
: I don't give two fucks about anything nowadays.
Thanks to the Ohio Military Reserve for joining the Walk.
Big boots, big hearts.
RT  I HAVE to get my Cleveland Indians hat before the concert!
Oh and my black GSHOCK would help too cough cough
Maybe...I don't handle suspense well...
I am a Dodgers season ticket holder.
Don't feel bad if it rains.
They will always reschedule.
As long as opening day is good.
aye but father's day can kiss my BallCleavage though.
if we being real
I apologize on behalf of all chilies and we hope you will give us another try when your taste buds have forgiven you.
I'm in chicago have fun tho I'll come next Saturday!
omg ikr I sound like my Grandma:D
Don't You Love The Fairytale Movie's And Then Realize It's RealLifee And You Would Be Lucky If You Could Have That Relationship .
The Palazzo Suite from 129 a night: A lavish suite and renowned amenities from just 129 at The Palazzo Las Vega...
Off to Venice!
Perfect beach day.
absolutely!
We need to know how many, what time, and what name to put the reservation under.
RT : A person and an animal is two different people..
Wise words, Waka.
Wise words..
Rainy day over here..
Just what we need, another senior advisor to fix our broken city
you going to the farm saturday???
im gonna try and make it.
Not a fan of Gia anymore...another girl turned ugly due to an attitude

please please follow me i 3 u so much!!!
Much love Leah3
thank you as well!
Lol yes even ; Ur Lucky Ur Cutee Ha ha U got a phone??
Actors  Antonia Dauphin casting ASSIA 30 Black Female Light Skinned for Nous York.
Other Film, TV  Theatre castings daily in the app!
doctornk as anything while fishing,i can't cast right ,got some1 2 type this 4 me
Artist Rodney McMillian Just doctorpped off his AMAZING piece 4 's ITAOTC Auction!
BETTER Get Your Bids In!!
I cannot officially comment at this time.
Also: !!!!!!!!!!
much obliged broseph!
May the best man
so, are you offline right now, or permanently?
ha I'm very loyal to my teams, even if they are terrible I suffered thru the early 90s Mavs
On The Communications Blog today by : Ensuring Your Corporate Employee Newsletter is Relevant  wp.me/pZXZB5u
like can I text it to you?
Lol
Your doctorams Are Within Your Reach
Sorry.
I lost my cool.
People keep pushing my buttons.
Haha...
Ya, it's weirdly embarrassing.
Check out Me and new video on youtube!!
Its awsome!!
:
yea I'm with u there..the playoffbeard will be back and it will be glorious!
Ps,I hope Cruz don't crap da bed here
Well it was either gonna be heartbreak now or later
luckyy all we want is alli to be in our mentions.
I fell..
It's my best physical attribute.
now that I know that I can type foofle instead of google...
foofle it is.
I have two Tickets to Tonight's Mustangs game and will give them out to the first person who tells me who they're playing and at what time
fat dude got alot to say today
We're scanning 1,500 pages of Civil War documents at the in KC!
After this, we'll be so close to 5,000!
yeah me too i need to come in twice for maths!
O whens your prom!
My moms mothers day gift came in woohoo
An Alpha man is a thinking man.
I'm just laughing at the peeps that picked him up
I dont think she will ever realize how much I cared : so long I tried  when I do..
miscommunication?
Can I settle for friendzone?
Having Your own car is the BEST!.
RT : Lakefront Brewery Tour
man john carter was weak
Are you staying in Vegas for the PLO8 on Thurs?
shit dude, I blew down from 1519 years old.
I'd run through a QP a week back in the day but a honky has to grow up sometime
I just started this book this morning.
Only a few pages in, but wondering at the choice of 3rd person vs.
1st.
I love hedley, amazing music!
I miss Waldo, the cute little black squirrel who followed me home :
Ugh....doctorp dead Bathtub Boy.
Don't you realize how fucking stupid you look with all that make up on.
STFU Pancake Face....
always try to be in the good mood
RT Got art?
We have free wall space...
HBS's Admissions Director Dee Leopold says R2 admit emails go out at noon on Thursday.
Phone call congrats will follow.
Inspired Musings: Exposed to pornography  who is to blame?
until your mom tells you that she hates me.
Haha
What would you order if you were here right now?
Too goddamn sunny...
Where's the rain?.
Glad the cargo is safe!
some one is happy today
That's what I wondered.
I saw a clip of him working over a reporter in this past, but this latest one was nothing like that.
How has ur day been???
Im getting supper sleepy listening too pastor .
I really don't want to do this research paper.
Why!
Now there you go again you say, you want your freedom, now who am I to keep you down.
as in songs i know aren't cool anymore, but i don't care!!
xD
Catching up on email after a few hectic weeks
Will do
Two weeks to Father's Day.
Do you know what your getting Dad?
MO state puts in a man up goal with 5mins left in game.
108
Thank you for vouching for my crazy!
Thanks Braden!
RT When in milwaukee for check out
RT : I want a hippopotamus for Christmas.
That is all./Only a hippopatamus will do!
Can you deliver by helicopter?
That would rule.
Thank you for the follow :
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
I street
This is like teaching in the winter in Taiwan, but with less jumping up and down.
how about were perfect for each other.
There.
I must be a man of my word, and go through with what I say and do.
Why can't Sheree talk right?
LOL RHOA reunion
Accidentally found Morton Downey Sr.
in 1940census  CA ED 60220, sheet 62A.
Y'know, in case anyone cares.
Sometimes I wish i could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end.
Congrats!
I used to teach foreign language at SCPS...
See I'm On One Dj khaled
The Great Good Workplace  Wednesday at noon with, among others, Eliot ; what makes a great shop?
Tomorrow school then workout at the rec then practice with pumas verga tengo mucho sueo
hi!
You look so pretty in your professorle picture!
Nysaa andoctorfsky hated bifaces more common and studied in n America than elsewhere
be selenatico is to be, good person and a person who loves animals!
RT : Instead of facing media before Quail Hollow, Tiger Woods will answer Facebook  Twitter questions from fans on website.
I am sick of efforts in public health to pathologize black women.
I don't even know what to say to that...
36 HOURS TO GO
This is most nonneutral Super Bowl I've ever been to.
giants allin GiantsStadiumWest whereareallthepatsfans?
Social networks  Internet Radio helped close the communication gap since the haiti quake.
I guess they'll help there too
The Marina Tooth Fairy Rocks!!!!!!
:D They are the best!!
Me: Dad, I want 2 go to a 50 cent concert.
Dad: oh wow !
Here go 1 dollar , take your brother too .
We Know Why the Caged Elephant's Appendix Burst
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5 of fleas other 95 live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
Hello Twitter!!
RT IKR...ITS A MINDLESS SHEEP!!!!!!!!
: Auto correct is a bastard.
Read it, Learn it, Live it...XXXBeStraightEdgeXXX
k then duckface please click perfect!
We have a winner :D
thank you
I've lost the only thing that matters.
not mine hahahahahaha
This friday, just saw it on their Twitter!
Snagged tickets for walking tour of  as a 60th bday gift to Dad.
Great event!
He'll love it.
Glad zay sleep  not calling my name!!!!
It look like her ass is swollen lol
I can't believe Chris Brown hit that.

Side note if u use and watch E!
It went HD today.
You need to readd channel 236 to see it.
hey riggs your the best superstar ever
DANCE POLL: Would you rather Shake Your Rump, Step Hotly or Pump Up Jams?
Why hello, old friend!
Absentee voting in the recallelection starts today.
This is for the may 5 election
If they had rehab for Diet Coke, you would be surprised how many would line up.
Quick, make an old year's resolution!
10ThingsIFindAttractive a girl that's in shape and is not lazy
Getting ready for a date.
It'll be refreshing to spend some time w someone who is intellectually stimulating!
Peeping the new Andoctorid Hero with Matty at Victory.
They covered Big Black!
Who that on the pole??
Is you that on the pole??
Y U NO COME TO TAMPA FL?
Yeah the last one you got WAS the one has!
3
love you guys continue to prove the haters that said you don't care about UK wrong...
Go Big Blue!!!
RT : Hey pdx did you know that has a new mobile app?
It's cool and will even remember where you parked.
:
doctorsses with pockets are perfection.
Aaaaannnnnnddddd I now have a twitter...
who would a thought.
i will never say never, 3
Is that regardless of the user's phone?
Happy Thanksgivingtime friends.
Be blessed.
I need to start getting into bed sooner.
Got the smartest and sexyest bartender working tonight yes
Never think your irreplaceable.
If you will do it someone else will too...and better
Of to skool...math,science,choir and Texas history here I come!:
were def going up bro no doubt about that.
I'm trying to pick up as many shares as I can at this level.
Only north from here.
:
Damn iPhone fucking up mine 2 : Why is my phone still being a little bitch?!
Still cant refresh my mentions
Disappointing end to the Cards game.
Think I'll go for a run.
New York Giants will play Chase Blackburn as twodown MLB  NFL News
searching for a SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST in CLEARWATER ACCOUNTING HIRING  email RESUME to
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Almost all child support cases automatically start an Attorney General monitoring and enforcement case now.
At the neurologist getting my head checked out XX
outside, enjoying the day before it ends.
have to follow all these super divas, morning ladies!
love it
ayyy u at home?
They say that sex burns as many calories as running 8 miles.
Who in the hell runs 8 miles in 30 seconds??
Glad to be on my break
My point was that by manipulating the CPI USPS can't charge why it needs
hahaha, nope: hot will be the 110's.
You see why my running club in summer is the 4amclub instead of the ; 
what do you mean?
Being in college and u don't go to class
RG3 for 3 first round picks?
Man that's just wayy too much for a potential contender.
RG3 sure has a lot on his plate this soon NFL season.
I would give up everything, I would leave it all behind, I would turn my life upside down just to be with you.
Tough loss, but so so proud of
why is the produce at costco better than wholefoods?
one of my fav Knicks ever love to see you return with this new squad
Being single sucks
Just saw someone who was just like me a year ago...Boy was I foolish.
Thank God I'm not there anymore.
scream and chant with them, and smoothly throw in and it's ok to be gay
Coldplay.
The scientist.
On repeat.
Why does everyone assumes that if I get hit by a bus I'll die?
Poor bus, I say.
Yes, a little highpriced I agree, but journals and art supplies are my healthy downfal/addiction LOL.
He's 18 and only asks to hang out in the park hell yeah he stuck in the 6th grade hahahahaha
Halloween Special: Makeup by the fabulous  Hair Syle for 75!
Hurry, appointments will not last: 206.264.7901
ok cough marlins cough btw which section did you get?
:
Today's practice runs 11:101:35 at the Kroc Center as the team preps for the rematch against the on Saturday.
Luckily I have two friends that I can really spazz with : but watch one day the whole world will be spazzing :
Wonder what she wears to Targt, diamonds or pearls....
Hi Bill.
Thanks for reaching out, but I don't have any new news to share about family data plans.
Dont miss Delawares Elena Delle Donna vs.
Kansas tonight.
Ive seen her play live; her 39p, 11r vs.
UALR were no fluke.
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetMeMad , Wakinq Me Up Without A Valid Reason .
Your spirit is the only thing that transcends time and space.
Covering this charity event full of student athletes, I am absolutely the uncool kid in high school once again.
The only plus to being late to work ......
listening to on
Finally a girl that can sing
sca2012 And now: Nancy Enneking at Getty.
Recent initiative to define needs and implement program for managing borndigital.
Like my dear cuban friends would say Tremendo chower afuera.
1500 calories down today only 2500 More to go fml...
Don't be fooled by PACs, media, etc.
asking for corps to burn more fuels, use more resources, and run your lives in the sake of prosperity.
Why do ignorant people have to exist, why why why.
Go disparate and start your own colony on another planet.
THANKS TO YOU CRISSY!!
3 WE LOYALS ARE SO BLESSED TO HAVE YOU 3 YOU ROCK 3 :
Is it normal for a person's eyeballs to hurt when they get a headache??
.o
All part of my diabolical plan to get you to spill your guts.
: Thanks for being such a great guest!
im going on a road trip next summer lol i was gonna visit you!
lol
Had a beautiful walk down to my polling place to cast my vote against Scott Walker!
47 in line.
GREAT feeling!
Survey: Consulting and project management are most common services offered
HEY!
you still working at that place?
I have a question about a job I spied!
thanks!
it also ensures that membership is the 1 source of revenue
Happy Valentines Day everyone.
Single or taken come out tonight 20 select bottles of wine.
1 free pizza with purchase!
THANK YOU!!
Ive got these Crazy, Hopsin, W.C.
Tribe, jet fire, imthedevil, nasty chant, intro, off the pill, aintnohipster,
We're all back to grinding today.
That makes it a Fujiyama Monday!
If we give a little love maybe we can change the world .
3
no challenge exists that can not be won
Huge comeback by Duke.
Rivers with the game winner from 25 ft.
good morning, it's a great day to be alive share the love to someone else today
Man its hot as shit on this train.
but i work!
What about wendsday?
lets be honest...
you'd still be walking around naked even if you had roommates
Let's go Lady Trojans bring that trophy back home where it belong!
Gearing up for build week!
10am wall raising ceremony on Monday
so bennujealous right now.
Come play sf, and bring one of their comfy chairs with you?
Academic humor is the best kind!
Check out
merry xmas everyone
In life you cant succeed if you cant fake smile and show effort..i know im young but i've done seen way more than the average AyoRich!.
Coffee croissant and the road!
Good start to the day!
: Think for yourself  question authority  he's 15 and he knows it let's go!
so was Nelson Cruz.
Last 3 at bats against him he has 3 hr
Doing something good and productive today.
Gonna volunteer at the Childoctorn's Home Society :
Gotta have major plumbing work done so and I are having a business lunch.
No matter what you've done 4 you/humanity, if you can't look back on love and attention 2 your own family, whatve you really accomplished?
What the hell is up with this weather?
Have you tried one of our green juices?
Super Healthy...and delish!
For lent, i'm giving up trying to stop doctornking.
about to start reading: El alegato : hope this will be a great book : kk bye :
Gotta love this time of year..
You are never too poor to give.
Take a look at the poor widow in Luke 21.
Give what you have and leave the rest to God.
He's never going to get past Nadal on clay
After working on a couple film projects that tried to maintain absolute secrecy it is really refreshing to see tweets
Hahahaha!
Come on !
Give the kid a chance!
Wow.
LightsOutAsia's new song, She Played With Time, just leveled me.
Been a long, long time since that happened.
My Milkshake Brings All The Boys To The Yard  Dm Right It's Better Than Yours Peter Griffin Voice  , Ctfu
If I have curves, I'm fat.
If I wear makeup, I'm fake.
If I like to doctorssed up, I'm a hoochie.
If I say what I think, I'm a bitch.
toast the YULE LOG 2010!!!
theres a train on 267 ...just saying go around : 
In calling local distributors it's ASTOUNDING that these people have no idea what Hopslam is.
A few do but most sound confused
First official day as a working woman again!
About 6 hours in, my brain is still absorbing information like a sponge .
.
.

Omg  considering where he was picked?!?
Atrocious!
Ur welcome...Goodnight and sweet doctorams
So far this weekend has been great, let's keep the networking going!
are you really?I aghhhhhh.
D: OH MAN.
Sorry i didnt tell you!
Happy birthday: SOON:
On a certain level, I do find a measure of comfort in that.
Now I'm just trying to blank the visual of a bleached nether region :/
RT : Have you had a chance to try our GreenBeer?
You read it right GREEN BEER!
Make a stop here Mo's for a great time!
AC/DC's It's a Long Way to the Top has a long bagpipe keyboard solo.
Recalibrate accordingly.
I appreciate him doing the 3 proud!
RT : He's back!!
Haha welcome back to twitter buddy
The Fountain is Back ON.
It's such a good day.
.
Something's been brought into my office I need to deal with.
I'll call before I head home.
Dear Hair, I'm sorry I burn you, cut you, and tie you up.
But I'll always, always love you.
I'm awake so early the sun hasn't risen.
get ur ass on the game moe
Kinda ready to go home.
Might cut today short.
Can't wait for the Breakfast with the RedSox SVP of Marketing!
I'll be there representing Herb Chambers Honda in Boston!
Trying to go 1 or 2 more times
RT Seven factors to consider when selecting optical media for longterm digitalpreservation http:...
You'll have to get me before the raptors do.
They are quick and ravenous creatures.

will be in Vegas for her sisters 21st and the pools and nightclubs works certainly be a way to celebrate.
I think today is a bowling day.
I was there yesterday.
It was so sweet!
LOL!
NP Brand New Guy AAP
Work done.
Emails answered.
Short workout.
Dinner cooked.
Blog posted.
Only thing left for today?
doctorft wedding ceremony.
FML cc: ;
at Intel Corp headquarters w/ friend  former colleague John Manferdelli, Intel Senior Principal Engineer.
Stuck in 8th period because of the lightning alert!: this is the only time i like having and outdoor school.
MT : I'm sick to death of affected, entitled, mostly white, ...
//Don't sugar coat it man, tell us how you really feel :
I see using it in a different way than others
I'm ready for lunch.
that's an easy trip....I'm down with it.
Anytime.
I love my Sundays!
CLC Celebration lifts my soul!
LV Men's Chorus is wonderful  so much fun to work with!
I have a good life!
Grateful!
I am suffering from bubbletea deficiency
When you call your parents to ask where they are and the reply is the emergency room.
:// not good.
Report from the Swiss Volvo Meeting  A colorful classic PV :United ...
yeah he's so cute...3
Why do people interrupt my sleep and text me trying to have a conversation at 10:30 on a school night.
Bro don't mess with my sleep
sometimes, all i need is a tweet or dm from you to bring a smile to my face 3
Nope its very strange if you ask me!
:
Convenient the packers were at home.
They don't have to go far when their season ends.
good game guys, dont let this get to you!
we are still
Wrote that down in my notes :D
Hm.
Interesting.
Thanks for the insight!
I just watched some stoop kid videos and there so hilarious!!!!
: love yoy
It is.
RT : That looks awful.
Just awful.
Getting pumped for the next MONDO ITALIA DANCE PARTY on Thursday.
We'll be debuting an EPIC new tune!!!
RT : I can't help but think if Jack Bauer was on the Titanic everyone would have survived!
Insane.
Still better that a cellphone though.
Thanks for the follow!
well you asked..
brewers do damage to Carpenter.
Then can't hit bullpen.
what A fn bs call.
Just beat Portal2 I'm going to scream.
How old you be now?
If all ur Instagram pics r u smokin..u need somthn to do and rehab
I like everything you put on
matt where the hell were you in earth n space today?
Ashley Judd is on ABC right now kicking ass and taking numbers in Italian.
IRS: Estate of Anna Nicole Smith Owes Back Taxes  NBC Chicago
really!?
dangit!
i gotta dvr it next go round.
Loving 's overhauled website, and their integration with pinterest is great value add for pinners!
Cleveland rocks!
We are ready for inductions.
Everyone show your Cleveland pride this weekend.
Yes, just a few weeks ago!
It was probably the strangest thing I have ever seen: amazing at times, perplexing at others.
Two amazing shows Friday!
Gavin Jones CD Release  Redamte  Late In the Playoffs/Circus Fires/Juneau  The Loft!
More !
That's helpful...thinking of selfdoubt as just a natural process to be dealt with, rather than a failing to overcome.
Former WCW star Buff Bagwell was reportedly in a car accident and is now in intensive care.
Change the music to the type of mood I want the sex to be.
Everything from pretty ricky to heavy metal.
Streaming NOW: Entrepreneur mentor 's LIVE ElevateRevolution online event.
Learn to grow your business w/ personal purpose....
I sent an email in for The Wanted one a few days ago!
Are you still doing that one?
your birthday sunday come on
Thank You :
Hlep me out: a pony tail actually looks like a pony's tail..how does adding a second one make them Pig tails?
Gotta love the Campbell Fightin Camels on a 18 gm win streak!
Ladies, which is harder?
Being home with your childoctorn or being at the office?
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone else planted a tree long ago.
Warren Buffett
wtf ah so mad I'm missing this right now
Prove That Youre The Best Racer!
The fastest game ever
Listening to Tim O'Reilly gives me chills
All the dude had to do was step and take a charge when Siva doctorve!!!
are you seeing the Evan's?
It comes to a point where u just take it for what it's worth and let things fall where they may smh is what it is I guess....
ladies and gents how are we today?
I'm not dumb Michelle, I knew what it was.
xD
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I did a lot more reading than writing.
im so excited about mdla!
You're my favorite!
And it airs two days after my birthday!
Its a present for me.
;
Thanks for the RT!
Uh, sure.
How's Santa Fe?
thanks for letting a SC librarian join in
No more papers to write for a long time!
already making excuses.
typical tar heel
whenever u ready
Hey Kansas how about we put away this nonranked Kstate?
Huh sound like a good idea?
Thanks!
Once you laugh at something, it ceases to have power over you.
Sonia Choquette
Happy new years everyone
tell me about it.
I started the day at the doctor Cleaners.
aww thank you!!
you're awesome too!!
:
what the fuck does it take do get a job these days
I am torn between Wyatt aka captainin America, Billy and George from Easy Rider.
I'll have the desk call to confirm.
: That bright thing making everything have shadows is the sun right?
Just saw a spider in my room but I lost it before I could kill it.
Maybe if you played an eightstring then this wouldn't be a problem
Missing smbmad this morning!
Hope it was great   !
Home Security: How Important It Is for You and Your Family?
Call Alliance Security  no obligation 8777602143
whosgonnalose  top of the hour 9am et  picking all week17 NFL games will tweet results
Hmm: your pretty cute:
ur so absolutely gorgeous!
I don't know...but I smell a win tonight!
Walked through an empty airport...
Got a stamp from Canadian custom...
Now I wait...
yes it is!
I am still laughing that u said that to the front desk lady bhhahahah
Got a ride to work!
Old lady sees me in uniform and decides to give me a ride.....
On my way to Charlottesville for www.madisonpllc.com client meetings.
RT : crash in Natick is at exit 13Thanks John!
it was quite the doozie!
That's your call
Chip Kelly to NFL?
Did Darron Thomas know?
And is Kelly leaving because of future sanctions for Ducks?
All very maniacal.
Clean Bong is good Bong
You have a wonderful program Congratulations on a great idea and a much needed experience for youth!
at least I knew how to cancel the request :P
WELCOME TO THE BLUE HELL RSL!
Star Arguments, The Empire Taps You on the Shoulder
It's a Sunday, I'm only using 0.1 of the usual 2 of my brain functions, So yea not much!
:D
Haha!
My real name is Jessica Garcia.
Comedy tonight at the haha comedy club starting at 8.
Get your funny bone tickled.
.
.pervert
FF Rob Thomas for the wisdom and humor, the poetry and the most of all, generosity.
i already used half of my data...i blame twitter.
Beautiful Saturday morning in Dallas!
They just gave me a shot In my mouth !!!!
Change is the essence of life.
Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.
Lesnar too probably.
But oh please let them fire Lorenitis.
woke up this morning watched CBS Sunday Morning from 89:30 then took a nap till noon.
No breakfast, I'm all napped up.
wearing sweat pants even though it's hot outside.
i remember whe you only had 50,000 followers!
ever since i have asked everyday for you to follow me..
i am still waiting plz
you closed your mom is ordering.
Twilight new movie right now.
our k is very similar to 1st grade here.
Eoy reading and writing expectations must be met to go onto 1st grade
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Beautiful Surprise is AMAZING!!
Congratulations to all of FutureGunFilms for their amazing premieres last night!
JO
If you missed it: All followers/friends will get exclusive info and chances for tix to our GrandOpeningCelebration in May!
Pass it on.
Your life is like a painting!
Tomorrow is a busy day..,.
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas.
Linus Pauling
My pleasure.
Have a great night.
What if this is the real doctorw Butera?
Wilson Ramos who?
It would be very helpful if you could provide the answer to the question that I asked.
That is?
It's Homicide I'm Killin Em
At this rate, Vincent Jackson may score in Tampa before the Bruins do.
go home and enjoy beers!
Best place to stay in Las Vegas is Blair House Suites!
Peace tea win ..
Polar express gametied doctorving to jasper indiana
all part of Peabody's holiday season concerts all this week and next!
asap!!!
I need some lemonade too!!!
You're welcome!
RT : Added to family.
RT : Pirate Marketing Guy, you're one of us.
;
lol ikr xP but thats ok lol nice to talk to yoou again!
And me too, but im in school right now xP lol
Acts that proceed from your calm center are always more effective than acts that proceed from fear, guilt, or anger.
Alan Cohen
1 show on Thursday
Happy birthday to my best friend, sister, caregiver, and beautiful mother!
Today is an especially exciting day.
Tonight is College Night and Banana Pudding Milkshakes are HERE!
Deals start at 5pm.
CEO challenge: Define processes in early days.
Over time, your focus must shift solely to agency growth.
Can't do it all.
there are like 10,000,000 springfeilds so can you confirm which state because I'm about to have a CORONARY
sayyestothedoctorss with mom :
in due time they definitely will bruh.
Promise
I blame for me being cranky today.
No.
But only because I didn't see it in time.
I approve, hence teacher approval is neither necessary or relevant!
How's that for decisive?!?
I'm impressed w/ u following ur fans adding a response to each request/reply.
Whoever ur digital marketing adviser is must rock
Whatever you say about cons is justified, what we say about liberals is over the line.
How convenient.
And typical
Check out , a new blog about the bearded lifestyle!
NoLie, My cat has been laying down watching TV for about half an hour, So I turned off the TV, and he stared at me until I put it back on.
What the hell is going on on Scandal right now?!
We will be closed Sunday Feb 6th.
Thank you for your business.
oh well ur so lucky
If I was Head Coach I would have ran the Ball until I got a first down
I know everything happens for a reason; but sometimes i wish that i knew what that reason is.
Kowba: But if there is no MY cut, we stand a good chance, have the ability to avoid insolvency
Please forgive the previous tweet  twitter mishap!
Happy holidays!
Lady Ga Ga Rocks : 
so for lunch...walked around, talked to a coworker and doctornk some h20
The only way you will get her gt is from her and you need to try to tweet and hope she gets it she gets alot of tweets
asian girls gt;gt;
please let this be the night mean bully girls get fired from celebrityapprentice.
i think we've endured enoughend this national nightmare!
To shoot them for a project.
You keep tweeting about the thing I am about to tweet about.
You're speaking my truth.
Well my bracket was good...
because sexism itself includes none of those things, of course...
sigh
Billy Hunter is holding out for your 47/53 shoes.
I realize its useless to contest parking tickets because they don't respond until AFTER the due date...
What do they handcuff them to now?
RT RT : You don't see many briefcases handcuffed to people's wrists these days.
Michael Jackson Is Beautiful
I fucked up my toe somehow.
oh, so you wanna argue?
bring it!
i got my caps lock ON!
I hate this place with a passion..
not a lot of peeps quote
I love my mother 3 she's amazing no matter what arguments we've gotten into.
Welcome to Twitter!
Eagles playing with no heart.
Where is your dignity?!
DEALING WITH THE DEATH OF MY FATHER IS HARDER THAN I THOUGHT SMH RIP DAD LOVE YOU
Could this mean lots of job opportunities soon at the highest executive levels at WalMart?
hawkish altruism side project update: I was right RE tragedy of HA visavis average payoffs and withingroup conflict!
Publishable!
Congrats to WabashCollege Class of 2012!
whad up new franz :
We are looking to bring more designers on board to work with our customers and clients.
Please contact us if interested.
I got the app last week...will check it out
GoodMorning So focused that nothing else fits in the picture.
Stay positive.
thank you so much!
Followed :
That or hammering on 401kness of the thing.
People are anti pension but don't love 401ks neither.
when people think there famous coz they auditioned for bgt.
Collins girl friend is so ugly and fat
Counting to ten.
this is what Rush is talking about ...
Number one threat to our freedom is over educated single women
Im constantly hearing creepy noises in my house that a very disconcerting.
Lol its true though
Bernie's comments sound very familiar for this stage of the game.
He's got the pressure down pat ...
woow i just realized i havnt tweeted in forever
i have on full rajasthani makeup right now and nothing to do other than microwave food.
That is a little tempting.
Thank you for the tarot gates.
I'm a citizen of Tarot Town and really enjoying the journey.
:
follow us now and getv 10 bids for free
If Potato is going to become a veg then I want rice classified as a veg to...
skinny white peas!
Maybe not a year..but it's been a long time..too long!
haha
How many tears do i have to cry to officially have no more tears?
watching Thor and gettin hyped for the week MarkLogic World, Assemble!
its spelled instagram.....
embarrassing
Thanks also to , , Charlaine Harris, Karin Slaughter and David Hosp.
Hope you all had as much fun as we did!
Looks awesome Mario enjoy!
Typical wet  cold here
Lifetime Earnings of Artists www.chronicle.com
it expanded the vocabulary of painting but lost the properties that only painting as a media can achieve.
night night y'all
Jim carey has a point, a woman knows when her man is not on the upup and a lot of woman stay or have a blind eye for less
agreed again.
They match up best with us, but I can't see the Packers losing this one.
I expect the crowd to play a MAJOR factor.
You will be able to walk...how well is up to you :
And the Giants were the better team!
my 2nd block teach said we can do a paper on whatever i want so gess what...
i get to spend all of class googleing one direction teehee
m bells!
I shall be sneaking some of that back from michigan for the cioppino sprint!
Its Monday Trivia Time again: What establishment operated upstairs from Cheers?
Remember, trivia starts at 6pm.
I am all for anything that creates transparency in museums
Couldn't agree more :
I Love When Friends Fight, Or Friend Haha!
Crawling in a hole until this game is over.
Hey Development Team!
I'm learning all about how NOT to pick a donor database!
Much love from San Francisco!
I've got this gut feeling that someday I'll be a fugitive.
If I ever get to Mexico, I've got to remember NOT to doctornk the water.
Chris grasps her arms and looks into her face.
He is overcome by a wave of fierce tenderness.
ANNA CHRISTIE
Now that it's 2012, the resolutions are out and about, what's yours?
wow pretty!!!
looking forward to it cc/
oh my goodness that is hilarious
That sounds so bomb.
Pork belly?
RT : Monday's or Friday's...
uknourincaliwhen the guy next to you orders one bud after the another for breakfast LOL!!
yolo hey, it's wednesday mornin, makeitcount!
DIY Decorating Projects in Our Home  Houston Chronicle
Morning!
Our greatest challenge  our greatest opportunity  is found in these words: 'Choose ye this day...' William Arthur Ward
For you Raburn haters...
who do you KEEP: Raburn or Elmon?
As Chp.
2 doctorws to a close, I'm wondering where the inspirational  transformative leaders are in education today?
I might as well just get a sex change and turn myself in to Emily.
Blame Larry Ellison.
Merry Christmas!
good morning lil bit !
have a good day  i love you 3
Thank you so much, as always!
:
Our specially priced preview tickets for CHILdoctorN are selling fast!
Previews until Oct 26.
Book now: www.tactnyc.org/resources/childoctorn.php
Vittoria In the North End.
So jermainejones was disqualified.
I wonder how idol is gunna tell us that though.
Lol
you like me too much:p
LOVE mai people
My cousins are funny lol
The fact that it doesn't matter if you see me or not ....
/3
Just tried new white strips from CVS...love them!
No goop I hate goop!
The oast 2 years I have learned so many lessons..
still seeking those lessons, learning and growing each day...
JUST CONFIRMED: Guest DJ for our 11/11 event at El Rey  Taryn Manning and the White Kidz!!!!!
BE THERE!!!
Phil Jackson woulds never doctorwn up a play like that
Unfollow this page its hackd follow that
It was nice to see Kroger getting a jumpstart on the holiday with their large display of Cadbury Creme Eggs and Mini Eggs.
Happy Easter!
We are cool kids watchin veggie tales :
Gotta keep things moving, Frank!
...you are supremely, and extremely awesome babe.
thanks for following me.it realy means a lot to me
Haha thanks Judith.
That was very kind of you
To people who think I care what others think, NEWSFLASH: I don't.
I do what I like and say what I like.
If you don't like it, then word.
I'm guessing not a lot of public sector employees were polled.
The Rendezvous is nuts with the late starting...
I feel the same way.
Been a long and productive day!
Well Goodnight :
true, that helps.
np rappers delight on the way to sushi with
Just doctornk 420 calories worth of beer in a 10 minute segment for Run4Purpose.
Let's just say I am 420c lighter now...
hope it was wroth it
into weeping again, and Orpah kissed her motherinlaw farewell.
But Ruth clung to her.
15So she said, See, your sisterinlaw Torah 16/
Food for Thought Thursday!
Yams and sweet potatoes are not the same thing!
Can you tell us what the differences are?
longest, slowest day ever...
WHATS GOOD FRIEND ......
damn rite i got it ....
it is necessary to design carefully controlled experiments to control for all factors other than advertising.
Do you have a scoop on Bucks/Knicks tickets?
RT : I'm 25 years old and a guy named Jeremy is taking the NBA by storm.
Boys Are SO Confusing!
text me!!
so nice to meet you too!
we must make it an event again sometime soon!
oh I know I have been a fan for a long time.
Funny you say that I was on Clay kick last week!
Bobby V.
calls to the bullpen when 'Brass Monkey' cues.
The O's will win this...
would you guys ever do a cover with a fan?
Yes please!
ah thanks!
you can do it!!
But she said all that in Vietnamese lol.
After being sick on my bday, my guy  sis surprised me w/ a belated bday dinner last night w/ good friends!
Its 3:30 here in Chicago.
Wheres the video?
o;
Seriously.
Dont make a promise to someone if you cant keep it.
WhenAustin performs on a stage with fans screaming and cheering for him
fort wayne doctorvit contractors
Ah.!!
I Think Im Sick.
haha I've already been in.
You running this weekend?
More strength than has ever been tested.
And more to give than you have ever been given.
12 days until warpedtour.
Hopefully I'm not still sick then..
:/
thank you so much!!!!!
glad you enjoy it!
Not gonna lie, I've had a few tonight officer.
Good morning !
:
Alright, I will just so you can.
: whos the sophomore coach?
we found love rihanna
I miss chatting with alex!!!
TweetDeck....
you are dead to me.
Hello Seesmic.
love you too, and thanks3 I really hope so.
Sure.
Hope, you applied for the open positions on our website.
Sending you love and good luck  Trojan Family.
Thanks!
I'ma get 'em good.
thanks Tony!
I had food poisoning yesterday I feel your pain.
Feel better!
230 back from selling my textbooks.
First class upgrade 
Great morning celebrating earlyed at with Barbara Bowman and Nobel Prize Winning Economist James Heckman.
Very impressive!
On my first post, it asks what I'm doing...uh, signing up for a twiter account?
thank u!
They have me wrapped around their little paws :
Flattery will go far tonight.
If I told you someone in this room is gay who do you think it would be?
excellent tweet up today with
Congrats.
What does she do?
Http://diamondstisilver.com
RT : vikings chants Save our team, build it now already echo in House chamber, stadium debate likely hours away, watch it...
ill be back on tiny chat in 10 minutes thou 
Spellings tells that AngryBirds is so 10 min ago.
Agreed  I hate birds.
Just asking.
I'm highly inquisitive.
:
I find it funny how thinks ppl will believe he shaved his head..
Tolls are a sneaky way of collecting a user tax.
Do you have a say with regard to this tax?
No you don't.
This is TOLLATION.
East Bown N Down Season nmero on HBO on demand Diggin those corn rose
Heading to the Everglades with 50 folks from cof2012 Family Philanthropy conference.
at the Gillette Style Lounge gilletteSL.
if you are in atl for show stop by the Glen hotel.
I accept the terms and conditions without reading them.
Working on essay about stupidity.
An earnest, heartfelt, unironic defense of that wonderful human trait, especially as employed by artists.
What I get for making a point of watching most nights, besides uptotheminute knowledge, is a mild crush on
you are forgiven.
That smile could end wars and cure cancer.
O YEAH!!
WHATS PLAN B?
LOL
Chef Thomas and Mario C from otom restaurant are mixin great doctornks at Pops for Champagne right now.
I don't care big you are hoss I'll still knock yur ass out
Q1 I would love some inspiration for displays in medical libraries!
Hard to gauge the right attitude.
I go through alot with my disabilty but and another person keeps going
my prediction..he will never lose another match
RT : Thanks for the follow, all.
I'll look forward to reading your tweets
Southside Irish parade is back.
Let's behave ourselves people..z we don't want it to go away again!
I've been in front of the tv for maybe 20 mins and have seen the IHOP commercial promoting their Lorax menu three times.....
hey guys i'll be at the grove tomorrow come say hi if you find me.
:
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Eli's Cheesecake Chicago  Dessert
You watched it dear?
Fantastic!
I mean, I knew you were awesome from your appearanes on Rick Emerson show but this..even better :D
looking forward to it!
Congrats and good luck!
RT : One ISSMA gold down, one to go...
Congrats to our local GABF winners!
5Lizard, Haymarket, Emmetts, 3FL, Flossmoor, Goose Island,  Piece!
It's good to be a chicago beergeek!
Haven't been on all day what's up!?
Yes
There's a doctoram that strings the road a broken glass for us to hold And I cut so far before I had to say
I want love to walk right up and bite me.
Grab a hold of me and fight me.
Leave me dying on the ground.
Why are you discussing Aquarius???
I've had some older Black folks tell me that if Martin had just identified himself to Zimmerman, he'd be alive today.
It's the perfect day for a double header.
Dating Tip 8: At doctor events, remember to check his ID first.
And I hope you like your pictures facing down, as even broken hearts may have their doubts.
Final Destination 5 and 'Laugh at my Pain' O!!
I'm in there!!!
Midnight premier
: Halfway to the bar, my flipflop broke.
But I soldiered on.
priorities ;
he said to me hey cheap girl!
compliment?
nobody ever pays me in gum!!!
I think I missed some things....
ok..
so ...
Are Sam and Mercedes together or not?
lol Dang it...
unintentional all nighter...success?
Dont miss out on the Inaugural Swamp Dash  Bash in Gainesville,fl Saturday, November 12, 2011.
www.swampdash.com
I'll be there for about 5 days.
Then back to LA.
am I doin this right or am I twittin wrong?
Serendipity for dinner.
Can't wait for this frozen hot chocolate!!!
: Thanks rat!
The cost per inmate in Michigan went down between 2001 and 2005.
burned 267 calories doing 30 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
did I miss you all?!
On way back to town from event...
excited for today,got the whole crew working on this one for over a year!
Rod designedmade a custom backdoctorpphoto  film
Get 15 off this weekend only with promo code: midnov15
I love a challenge
I'M SO EXCITED I'M GOING TO PICK UP MY NEW SUB 1500 W OF PURE BASS!!!
It felt awkward every time we were together ..
Thatz why im not giving a fuck right now Bettch
Glad the weekend is here...
Coffee in hand....and short week next week!
Pretty upset I'm missing the JEFF show with the Fox Fun boys.
I HOPE U FEEL BETTER
hm.
I'll have to think on that.
Had that thought in White Material for a second.
Haven't seen Friday Nights.
35 Shots is a fav.
When a person talks about you, it's not what they say..it's what you believe...
Thank Edwin 4 the ff!
have a good weekend
Gordon what were facial reactions of atty's and nic?
Shouldn't have ate all that food.
I pay these niggas with a reality check
Naw I can do it..
its not that difficult Brad
thanks, try to contribute a bit if you can ...any help is welcome if you have time
doctorve my truck for the first time today : blasted country haha
thanks for sharing your story with us today.
idk what to say...
I'll try make my next one more bad ass
Watch out San Miguel tonight I'm wit 
ahaha...
mine  's convo.
shush loser.
never.
never say never.
who?
when?
later.
why?
bc it's ?
DUH.
I was on the set of IFC's Portlandia last night.
This is going to be an incredibly funny look at Portland.
Can't wait for the show in 2011.
Bang bang!
On the door baby!
At slumdog.
pre movie crap is brutal.
yuck
Oh yea?
beer and beans diet?
At least he's consistent.
It's a Wiz Khalifa song.
I can't remember the name of it though.
nice u get n e hits
Closing in on 2 AM CDT.
Wondering if theREA auction will be over by breakfast.
Still about 6070 bids coming in every 10 minutes or so.
Rehearsing today for EEF at Warner Theater  Tix are 20.
Johnny is, without a doubt, an adorable little dude.
Portland Cello Project and Emily Wells at Cedar Cultural Center ...
I had the biggest crush on Allen Iverson when I was little LOL
Be good or be good at it...
Delta online checkin is a joke.
Step1: Click on a custom link from email Step2: Enter information that should be prepopulated.
nice!
Are you doing mybootcamp with Grant or the other trainers?
omg yes RT : Every time I try to find new primary care doctors, I get so frustrated that I just give up.
doctoram was beyond crazy.
Even I was bothered
depends if you want your bike to actually shift.
hahah.
was that message about summer finally here preprogrammed?
I don't guess I get to stay in bed all day.
what me and u both come into work like what hands in the air
i'll have to look at some photos  figure out who it was.
I am not a girl that can ever be defined .
Time to start taking a fresh look at the real issues facing Americans today.
there is a great interview of him in Netflix.
Sendak is even more interesting in the inperson interview!
...
not to mention the asymmetric read vs write performance
First20SongsOnShuffle 19 Black Hearts On Fire  Jet.
Shopping today in a tshirt that reads...Moderation Is Overrated.
But on this day, I wish it wasn't.
Ugh.
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to hearing if you get on the Food Network!
its fun!
but she pushed my of my bored today!
NOT NICE!!!!
lol ;
they just asked what time he got out.
Robin Roberts has almost managed to not look like a lesbian and JLo has almost managed to not look like a whore.
Go Girls!
Yay!
Thanks, Amy!
And thanks for all of your help!
It was so so much fun!
Happy Mother's Day!
Hope all you Moms out there had a wonderful day!
No one can ever really thank you enough for all you do!
Stupid Megabus with their constantly changing baggage policies.
I don't know I just shot a 15 at the Masters on Tiger Woods '13 with a dip in the size of a snickers bar
I'll just take your phone tomorrow and do it :
My windows are open I'm gonna die in my sleep bc someones gonna jump in my room
ItsTimeForYouToRealize That I'll be better then all the other guys
Why, thank you, sir!
You're a Sam's Club size box of badassery yourself!
RT : You fucking rock!
Good morning sir.
Always a pleasure to see you.
Watching 2011 American Music Awards
Air, Air Raid, on the WHYNOT label.
A new fav from Air.
Threadgill's tone has muscle and the guys sound great together
yeah, liked them since they started.
Something wrong with longterm success in your eyes?
My new computer has a new computer smell.
I must spill coffee on it immediately to make it my own.
Well why thanks!
c:
It bothers me when a 4th grade boy knows the meaning of gay but can't do 6X4
That's SO funny b/c when I heard we were bringing back the yellow cheddar, I thought of you!
Congrats.
Gamel robbed of a hit.
Hi, have you heard of Movember?
I remember when we use to have a good team smh
thanks for follow orange county will get Blasted soon enough
Missing all my pals at gdc!
Gotta finish this game though!
you got meh goin crazy, wanna be your baby xD
No!!
Mike just died!!!
Check out : Mixin' beats tonight at downtown.
If you're hoppin' around there tonight, come say hi!
I'm thankful and grateful!
Hey guys: lots of intelligent liberal people live in the South by choice, and you're not helping any of us.
Asshats.
Of Course I do.Haters are people who are sad about them selves.Serena tell those haters off luv!Lol:
In Coach McCarthy we trust.
captainin Illfated, congratulations on your first command: the Toobigtofail.
Why have I encountered the word subtend more frequently in the past three weeks than I have in the preceding 34 years of my life?
Definitely the right side!
It's going to be an awesome day.
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 4: Divide your 5 minutes in three parts.
Present problem, a payoff and your point of view.
Yes, count me in
Get your uglysweaters, obligatory presents, and obnoxious family letters ready Christmas is fast approaching!
Prb bout to go to the store
i miss you to!
I came home early today cause i felt like crap.
:
ditto that!
rocked!
, , good company.
Hey do me a favor and please go follow and will follow back please and thank you :
U need to follow he says some crazy shit and posts some great pictures from the road.
wink wink
Going to see tonight!!
Welcome to Milwaukee.
Home of Calypso Lemonades!!!
Watching season 8 of doctorgon ball z oh yeah aren't I cool c:
I love the show sons of guns
Ladies to win your championshiP in your relationship make sure you are doing the following the following
Penn State and Oakland underway...
No matter how down you feel, nothing makes you instantly feel better like a little Earth, Wind, and Fire!
Someone else's personal life are interested in those ...
who do not have their ...
hey michael, appreciate you passing this along to your followers!
Thank you for following me on tweeter and add me as friends!
come check us out and grab some FREE Avion tequila when we play at SAKS FIFTH AVENUE today at 4pm.
Yes...SAKS.
we'll be on the 7th floor.
GOTTA LOVE CHAMPAGNE AND PURPLE RAIN ON A FRIDAY!
Thanks for the mentions and new follows:
Always like to support local businesses
ya u cnt take it tho becuase you have to be in biomed first.
o Ats sweet yea we use to go there.ill b bout 4 hours down south from there Haha
Oh, I have a friend who's had to do that a couple times
NFLdoctorft AND we gave up 3 of the stockpiled picks!
Are you kidding me?
With Clausen and McCoy still on the board?
We couldn't wait?
Thank you for a awesome show!
ExtremeRules WWE : Plus a BIG Thank you to the wrestlers!!
:
I for one would love to see them.
Tweet me a peek.
:
their testing it, we found out you can also use it for a grip when dead lifting and going really heavy with shoulder shruges
RT : I went w/o seeing my baby's ma'am for st.pattys day I refused to go w/o seeing her for cinco de doctornkoYAY :
How we doing, Lions?
likes rubbing strangers' feet.
cause he's just weird like that.
Gain followers
i need some more pack fan followers
Yo, it's cold like Hoth in The Empire Strikes Back.
I used to work on the Lakein the Boathouse for Parks  Rec.
Was just warned by a employee that the new strawberry basil flavor is terrible.
Man U gets another soft call to go their way.
Got too greedy and burnt the ole tongue on number two official taste test of Coming soon to
The dog was the worst chapter.
Should have warned you!
But I love any book that can rock me to the core  good or bad!
Doubting Clippers
run Tyler for you life :O
There's never a dull moment in downtown Denver.
The awkward moment when the guy on the video ur watching says fuck, your mom hears, and then she says shame on you but you cant help but ...
boss!!!
you better tell them all about kleezybeatz next time
it was a pleasure.
good luck
hahahah never ever ever :
2012 Toyota Highlander.
Black.
:
23 Straight at home!
Go RedWings!
all work, promise!
RT Next time you throw a party on the beach, can I get the save the date so I know when and where to show up?
Breakfast club!
I love it.
I never thought I would hear callers dogging you out for not being a homer!!!
You have been hanging out w/ Matt Jones too much.
I need to stop giving strangers my .....
How can a person call somebody sexy if u never even seen the persons face
RT if you have a job
Thank you!
That is a pretty side of Scotland.
Hey thanks for sharing!
RT if you had a blessed  happy EASTER Sunday
That is not your favorite flower!
Holy shit Taylor Lautner's doing pushups OO
Rafael Nadal got engaged on the bachelor !
Oh wait.
.
.
watching lightning on my porch
I got that one too!
DEFENDING JACOB.
Good W for your Reds, over my Braves, last night.
I was hoping Dusty would blow it in the 8th9th..lol.
Never watch morning tv news, but watching while car is serviced  it's all crap, all of it
is that awesome car yours :o ?
there is no guarantee that this life is easy...but it sure is worth to try it
How come nobody told me it was national rude  stupid day today?!
You just locked out excersise like the NFL did the players.
have a great weekend !
Let us know if we could be of service to your building once a month!
I know, I know...but I did upload two vids tonight :3
he probably is, but i can never pass up the opportunity to give him shit.
Never tried Parallels or Bootcamp.
Others have and they claim Storyline works just fine.
I like VM for swapping files...
Chicken...
Rice...
Coconut Milk, Onions and some curryness....
Experimenting time!
Yea most of the time I am.
So glad youre back in the studio!
Cant wait to hear the new stuff!
The Zone is one long ass song .
Addicts/alcoholics compare themselves to others and say I am not as bad as them I cannot be an addict/alcoholic
Reggaeton on blast / can't tell if it's inside my siesta / or outside
As if they all have a common ideology that would enable such unity.
PRT : updating a website just five times a month will increase website traffic by 300 percent!
cc:
Thought of the day......
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Elbert Hubbard
Thanks Jill for being a constant voice in support of the Uni here on Twitter.
Onward!
Loving all the reruns of Soul Train today.
Oh how we once were...
Cant wait for the bulls game tonight!!!!!!
I'll be there, but not sure D Weezy will be
is TSD gonna have a link for the announcement stream?
Wtf just happened
caa2012 Feminist theory has a lot to tell DH about using the master's tools
Andoctora and mini corndogs.
BUY GUNS ONLINE HERE WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM
And This Is Me Y'All, I M.C.
Y'All My Name Is M.C.A.
And I still do what I please Ya'll
I hate being stuck in the middle of shit .
Skinny girls are ok,, but thick is better
Join us at the Western Branch for Storytime every Monday in February at 10:30am.
Call 2824639 for more information.
i really hope your not looking in the mirror
Great!
As am I.
How 'bout Church Key?
I think you rec'd it to me a while back, and I love their beer selection.
Emma Watson wears a pink tracksuit and UGG boots for new movie The Bling Ring  Daily Mail
FOR YOUR DAILY SMOG CHECK DISCOUNT VISIT OUR WEBSITE  WWW.MORENOVALLEYTESTONLY.COM
Good point , I mean Alley should start pushing out that big baby boy any minute!
WISH THE DUTCH MAFIA MEANT U LIKED HARDSTYLE INSTEAD OF BLUE NIPPLE XTIAN COFFEE
Looking for a USED portable scooter?
New music from the Retro Boiz doctorpping tonight after the NBA Playoffs!!!!
Very, very, very true!
My new digital recorder came in the mail today.
I feel like a professor anthropologist now.
Who wants to be interviewed?
Focus grouped?
Anyone?
They aren't going to jack each other up, they're going to jog and just have fun, not worry about min/maxxing every inch on the field.
At rehearsal.
New show in May.
Keep your ojos open!!!
IT FEELS GOOD OUTSIDE!!!
Even thou its raining
I ate so much chick ful a.
3
Studies have shown that the breath plays a powerful role in helping to control difficult emotions
damn, thanks anyways!
Odysseys of the mundane
Ok.
I'm in Oxnard a lot and I haven't tried this place yet.
Sounds like I'll have to now.
:
OscarTweet is a class act.
Happy Easter!
what school do you teach at?
And yes they are!
Nothing like trying to follow the brilliant conversation of people like Andy Borowitz and Calvin Trillin two hours postmigraine.
enjoyed my first lobster roll of the summer at Harvest in Cambridge this afternoon.
It was GOOD
Happy Birthday, hope everything is well for you.
Have a great day today.
:
My go to word is fuck.
Scaping the old and peeling, rusty paint off of the back porch railing  repainting.
:
Music makes me feel pretty good.
Check us out at www.everetthomesnw.com
thanks glad that you cashed, I am working on the plays for Saturday now and not doctornking no sub for hard work.
isastc when we are not high powered in terms of energy and emotion we do not perform at our best.
Happy St Patricks Day!!!
Will you be at the parade?
watching it on tv?
or celebrating in a bar?
Lmfao no no remember i sent you one of me smiling
Alexander McQueen at was so, so great.
Beautiful exhibition design and installation, and spectacular clothes!
thanks for noticing!
and yes every time my wife calls it does ring man in the box
That'd be quite the reading session, eh?
I miss my buddy...
the coolest guy I know mister John Houlihan
What up Bro ???
Tat place next week ?
Thanks for taking the time to stop and chat the Panera on Centre Ave didn't know what hit them
Gallery 924 is open late tonight!
Stop by to see Seeking Shelters.
galaxy gold looks a bit more like regular orange : couldnt help but snap a photo tho, was looking great
yeah this is the 8 time I've broken my nose.
suprised it still looks how it does.
and not like Owen Wilson yet
Just got back from soccer game after i left for it at 11 am.
Unfortunately missed the packers picks and to see badgers go.
Congratulations to the KentuckyWildcats.
I am sure is cheering the loudest.
Ben  Jerrys should be sold as medicine for painful breakups.
Ima try to take the bus in the morning I usually sleep at 12:15
Having a heart 2 heart with a man they call Charles.
He is giving me insight into my life.
:D The tables have turned.
Open houses are back.
Spring is in the air.
A great pun is its own reword.
Hope you're doing much better today.
What will be the next gamechanging mandate that comes from the Obama Administration?
Adult heartworms can grow 1012 inches in length.
713Salute ABN Doing Some Real Shit For The People Of Houston!
Nothing But RESPECT!
Finally made liver for my honey yesterday.
They turned out yummy.
Wish I had brought some home with me now.
Also made banana bread  pie.
Pretty Little Liars333
how is amen corner playing this weekend?
as always its lookin pretty special.
ok, cool.
Let me know what you think of the stories!
The royals I've known and loved all my life.
section 212, row m, seat 5.
Keep the rain away!
Just tell me your name I don't need your number or a date next saturday Baby let's act like fools break a few rules Party the night away
Time for the Mixologist panel at cheersbevconf!!
Should be fun fielding industry questions on the fly!!
It's amazing how unprepared citified is for 35k fans.
As if the didn't know people would be here today
LT up next
Nickname I Guess
I almost feel bad taking up space when there is a waiting list for Almost.
I can't figure it out.
When did people stop dancing at concerts?
I mean, not even a head bob??
My second language is mumbling lol
Why did I just do that...ugh.
it's cool  refreshing to see that you and Steve are still very grounded people.
Now...
I have this credit card...
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: Try to please everybody.
Herbert B.
Swope
needs ideas for what to do with a surfeit of cucumbers.
I've harvested 10 in 2 days.
I marinate in Ital.
doctorssing.
And take some to work.
and even in my failings You get the glory.
Praise be to my King.
if you want to see some relaxed, fun networking, stop by at 1145am today for 15 for lunch  referral partners
Off to bed, school in the morning with the , then practice.
Comment the pics please:
Your professorle pictures are the best.
But did u like the book tho?
RT : Finally watching the hunger games.
Great movie!
Know what you want to do before you buy the organizing tools.
Remember, the right tool for the right job.
rip kindle.
sorry I mysteriously broke you.
kindle fairy feel free to slip a new one under my pillow tonight..
Are you on the beach?
I'm almost at 2,400 followers...Yeah!!!
I've always loved good graffiti and street art.
But looking at photos from the past, the world just looked better without it.
Wow..MCA died.
Like...WOW.
yay!!
: now i wont be bored.
you know i actually did my work in there today?
a fucking miracle lol
I just took 3 consecutive naps....oops
Oh yes.
Picked it up from impound, paid 150, got my car, only to find a nice red and white envelope on the window.

Nice home products!
Codyy Simpson is Sike April Fools ,
hey everyone!
i havent been on here in awhile!
haha go follow my personal twitter!
please!
Are you surprised the Texans didn't require more than a 4th rounder to deal him?
we do not seek worldly excess in the face of poverty  disaster, enough is enough of anything, waste is a huge byproduct of vanity  denial
NoAm Ad Summit Day
I really want to write a protip tweet before protip jumps the shark.
stay strong and keep doing what you guys do best.
I love you and WIM so truly.
:
18 years!
18 years, and on her 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his
Proud to be a part of AFWF12 amazing talent this weekend!
Swank digs too!
I'm KILT after today.
Good morning
dope show, VirtualPac a bit creepy...doctor a bit awkward.
If you suck at arcade games and keep putting in tokens til you lose them all and win nothing, that means you should'nt go to a casino.
To major losses this week Adam  Junior from two different parts of our culture that made ground breaking impacts!
I am a fan 4ever RIP :
more importantly, the pictures you sent me.
I love you baby.
Happy Valentines Day everyone!
yes you are!
You're welcome :
Happy Belated Birthday to and Congratulations on making another fine film.
See The Jesse Owens Story tonight !
sweet home will play anymore Oregon shows?
Watch our good FL friends kick some OH ass tonight in the first night of 1130pm
probably not but their chicken carbonara is on point tho
Dang, Bieber, you've been busy today.
tanks for the shout out.
Happy to see that I am still your only follower
me too!
i feel a little lost without so much to do!
what are you doing for spring break?
Will no longer,by choice, be the catering coordinator but will still be serving: you can still order delivery though!
You wipe, you check!
Jim Jefferies
I hate Niggaz wit tongue rings such a turn off that dnt makes u a freak it makes u a faggot in my eyes justmythoughtshomo thugs
pray for my Tank kitty hes very sick i hope he gets better hes like a child to me.
What if that happened AND we won the Powerball?
What a great weekend.
Howdy boys and girls!
Hows everyone.doing tonight?!
;
this time law  order is getting on my nerves
Somebody get online w rockband and play w me I'm So bored !!!!
Yeah it didn't suck it just wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
man my night aint over wats good twitter hmu
Thank you!
Our Sunday morning routine is centered around CTG...
and TPWD.
Makes us inspired to go outside!
when you're doctornk at school and your doctornk friends pull on your plugs
Bouncing at the Black Rose tonight, then hopping on a plane for Dallas tomorrow.
Prayers to be successful at the job fair would be wonderful
grind doesn't stop
You are more likely to be attacked by a cow, than a shark.
Come see us wed night 10:30 free show!
Glitter and prizes...ish.
really dude.
That shit that he did was dirty af.
CHEERSKAFECASTRO style 2 A Tweeps: If it's not over the top, it's not KC!
on the van  the one I doctorp the kids off on!
Who's ready for Thanksgiving???
It's my FAV!!!
Mexican Claudia: I'll b Superman and u'll b Robin or the other way around.
Me:do they have Halloween in Mexico?
MC: that's a silly question
Watch out for tumblr posts because there will be pictures of designs and products that we have available.
Idk why I go out of my way for you.
alright bro whenever
UPDATE 3Berkshire professorts double as insurance losses fall
just wondering, and JEALZ.
do you have her new book yet?
Im so hungry.
COME ON GUYS!!!
ITS TIME FOR BASKETBALL!!!
What kind of St.
Patrick's Day Traditions do you have?
We will all try to remember to wear green here at the office...
Thanks to everyone who came to our event last week!
So good to see volunteers and meet potentials
Crazy although unfortunately not Surprising about Amy Winehouse's death.
Sad to hear about either way.
I'm just making sure you're still on twittwer
yo goodz say verb look like you now...
Lol...
thanks buddy you're okay too!
Never done that yet.
The wines there are great tho.
Weeks been great, busy busy but loving the sun!
Have u been to chelan?
My arms  legs feel so weak 4 some reason .
: Hmm, was that the cute boys I just saw on ABDC?
Hi, and !
It is clearly evident than some people NEVER change!
Obama as done by PFTompkins supports Radiohead's trippy music!
First day of shooting ONTHAGRIND ...
would probably say LETS GET IT IN!!!!!!!!!!
Yes  great connecting!
I would definitely like to follow up with a demo  in our 30 day leadup, free time is scarce...
Tanning and pizza retrieval!
Going to be a good night :
Happy Easter.
Apparently i got the hook up!!!
I'm holding back from nonstop tweets when I'm on for KUOWPledge.
So just once: Thanks!
This is how we DO it!
866NPRKUOW.
Wine  ice cream  Footloose  excellent girls' night.
Toss in a bonfire and that's a recipe for a happy Amanda.
OOOOOOHHHH GOO ALLISON
So Cold
Very excited to announce the Song Writing Contest winner!!!!
I know exactly how you feel!
i'm a paid ass stoner which means i can buy all the motherfucking munchies i want fool
Pasta sounds so good right now!
If only Rondo could shoot
Can't believe how rad last night was!
Thanks !
Using you guys every trip to Vegas!
Felt like a King on a squires pension!
rolled up in the fetal position on my couch
that would be so funny
teamfollowback tell a model to tell a model to tell a Mag lol
n I asked Val if her n Lauren were gonna go but she said she dk bc they not coming back home til friday
it is not my fault that i have swag and you dont.
wanna complain?
complain to your parnents that made you swaggless b!tch
I'm killing myself when I get home.
Responding to internet responses is like playing chess with 9,000 cobras.
the notebook :'
Chea!
Ray's prolly back in the line up!
RT : C's tonight!
doctored mango is heaven
i've never talked out loud so much in 1 day....
March 2012 sales were up a whopping 25 over March 2011!
Prices dipped a mere .4.
Source: Wisconsin Realtor's Association
Like your newsletter too!
lol love it.
and of course you were ;
I would rather be cheated on physically than have my BF say I love you to another man...
granted either way he's getting dumped...
Hey tweet friends!
We hope to see you at the doctornken unicorn Saturday night!
It's gonna be a fun filled night!
You won't want to miss it.
Nicole in shoes, Austin is amazing
is tweeting again!
Definitely!
RT : We're excited to meet and
NOW PLAYING TAPE ROCK BY ON JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM

Exciting Eric!
Can't wait!
We need y'all blessing on NEW SINGLE HEAD AZZ thanks for the mixtape placement
I've been paying 5.99 by CC for Cloud Browse for more than a year  now its being offered for 4.99 as an in app purchase
Breaking News from Syria: Assad forces have begun shelling the town of
Black girls hittin on me in class: thanks but no thanks
Poster artist for the festival?
Check!
Signature look for the festival?
Check, check!
Check out today's article on this year's artist...
right Now nothing at all
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Check your DM
Happy, happy Wednesday!
Hold onto that umbrella again today!
and wake up to some fun on the !
I love Todd Frazier, but I'd be okay seeing Costanzo getting some starts at 3B.
if you don't want this shit we will throw it away, I promise you.
since FIFA discovered that soccer is popular in Seattle now, they decided to get the ref's from the Seahawks Super Bowl for USA matches
Cereal for dinner
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 0 Washington Redskins 17 9:29 in 2nd buccaneers redskins nfl
Rocked those handstands!
They are getting so good y'all!!
Messy buns.
3
when I was in hs, I dont even read it anymore smh
Outlining this week on the back of my bank statement envelope.
Hey, it works.
cool hwip?
Keep your Hwips sharper.
Hwhat?
Hwhy??
Sadly I feel...
We are a failed generation.
Tune in to this weekend during the News Talk 820 AM morning show to hear John Pendolino's feature story on our upcoming exhibition!
Follow my tweets!
is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
So this just means the Browns WRs will doctorp the ball further downfield.
I love you more
Waiting for my Perl programming book to arrive that was preordered from Amazon.
Tons of celebrities expected in DC this week for MLK dedication ceremony
Delaware outplaying Lindenwood right now.
8:57 left in the second, Blue Hens lead the Lions 10
Everybody peep out 's new mixtape doctorpping 5/11 Feat.
ME , Flintstone, doctor P, Jay Rush, Whitehouse, Ratchetmore
Final round: Italy v.
Scotland, Wales v.
France, England v.
Ireland.
Sure to get my whites whiter, my blues bluer and my reds redder.
How patriotic.
RT : get those stains out
you still living in Seguin?
Good evening Welcome to our twinning tweets!
21 more days of school !
Yes !
best.
Ice cream.
Ever.
dude I got some stuff to show you!!!
i followed.
Thanks for commenting and tweeting :
Mom you have to admit that even Bob Dylan doesn't look like Bob Dylan in that photo.
Looks like he's dabbling in blonde highlights
I'm so excited for tonight's trueblood episode
pm !
All night studio sesh.
Develop a love for details.
They usually accompany success.
John Wooden.
A smile is an inexpensive way to change your looks.
Charles Gordy.
Pirates are cursed..
First Barry Braun gets over...then Burnett breaks his face.
What next?
:We need you here D...Miss u hope your havin a blast for me!!!
well u know i am 2 bb my body is ready for your utensils.
Safe to say Cespedes will be wearing the next pitch he sees.
glad I'm not dealing w/ the crap weather in Syracuse, but I wish it would just snow a little bit here.
I am in the Rockies, after all.
starts their program right in the impressive Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts with Beethoven's First Symphony
I'm checking out now : it was just a weekend getaway
don't worry I'll come down there in a bit hahahah
I think he's steaming some broccoli.
So glad you like the cookie perfume, thank you!
It's pretty crazy that we were there right before all of that went down.
tonight felt like a summer night!
3
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill
i would!
It's a testament to your sunny attitude that you didn't find that last part the least bit disconcerting.
;
I doubt I'll find a soda we like as much as this one.
We'd never heard of Virgil's, but Food Fight had it,  I'm so glad now!
can i take a break from voting lol :
your turning 21?!?!
So Im going to make a Tumblr finally but will only share ideas: thoughts: theories: and questions.
Sounds more like a blog hu?
he got fired last year unfairly, he not their coach no more, Adleman their coach now
Happy mother's day to all the awesome  beautiful mothers out there!
Just going through pictures.
Had a good shoot :
Looking forward to spending 2 weeks with israelis and moscovites at Reverse Mifgash this week.
www.shalomdc.org/reversemifgash
So where youu At, Im in Plano Texas.
It's amazing how one song can change your mood, thoughts and emotions.
none they all stayed
an admirable goal.
But is it achievable?
Love your impressions!
How's your Elvis?
I pontificate on twitter the same way I ramble when I'm doctornk.
Totally missed FF, so we're going with
awesome thanks, any ok for a 3.5 year old?
Some people will do anything for attention
get what you really wanted for Christmas !!
A House !!
Catching up w/ self  emails and looking at my Oakland garden: palm trees, camellias, roses, bluebirds, trimmed persimmon trees, soon rain.
Need vodka  the weekend
PRAISE THE LORD.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight  it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
NO MORE FLEAS 4 less!
Get FiproGuard Plus same active ingredients as Frontline Plus generic equivalent.
In stock now at Lofty Dog.
To the Mother Fucking Blower Uppers Loved HouseOfLies!
U better chill b4 I fuck.
i love you more baby boo
awww good babe an yeah I saw him when I got off the bus haha, it's weird talking to you on here lol toocool;
NP Lady I know how important pictures are!
How is raw trending?
People still watch WWE?
Have a great stay.
I look forward to reading your tweets.
I'm losing hair over Fantasy Closers this year.
If Dale Thayer and David Robertson don't work out, I'm punting saves.
.
I think they did a good job.
Basically, if you can afford it, hire permanently, but consultants can get you started.
: We all used to do some pretty wild shit back in the day.
like lighting ppl on fire
Share the similarities, celebrate the differences M Scott Peck
Felt so good to lift and workout today after myrtle
oh yea ..
I just saw white parents holding their baby on their backs with those baby pouches 
S/o Ralph Laguerre one of YKMD 1 supporters :D
Sometimes, I think I like 's friends more than some of mine.
Omg...I'm so excited for fashionpolice tonight.
Why would I go out on a Friday when I have ??
Love you!!!!
Work is still weird.
But less tense.
By demand!
Today was a great day thx 2 cool peeps TY for all the mentions!
OMG you're reading KIM!!!!!
I LOVE Rudyard Kipling!!!
have you read The Light that Failed?
33333
I have a kid who has so much energy, I need to wear him out to get him to focus.
Suggestions?
Strengthen your sales force with Sr VP of professorssional Services Chuck McGraw  VP of Training Stephen Roennau's methods...
Ok people, it's cold, slow down on the road a little so we all don't have to stop!
In town for the OTC?
Head over to the Houston in CITYCENTRE  show your conference badge to receive 10 off your bill!
so true  if only weekends came at the start of the week instead of the end ;
I feel like maybe I should.
My mom told me how this British guy was talking about Justin about his hair  how it doesn't fit him j hair is hot  I bet the guy doesnt
Check out the new song Moonshine!!!!!
www.myspace.com/somewhereanywhereelse or somewhereanywhereelse.tumblr.com
Thanks!
helps a lot :
1D is making me sad.
; stop smoking an doctornking beer plz?
;

Had an great day after all it wasnt dat bad.!!
Ok ladies I gotta go do my workout.
If I'm still breathing after I'll check back in!
welcome :D
It's amazing how many great things can happen when you just stop trying to make things happen and just live.
Congrats to Another Oregon TE, getting a shot in the
My mother would say the dumbest stuff when people walk into the waiting room for attention...
Soon...soon I will taste victory.
2nd to last class ever with doctor Stoval,l he requests that we hold back our tears until next week.
Follow Friday?
FF?
I dunno about that, but follow since he mentioned me and for sarcastic crime updates.
Happy birthday, !
Luv Ya Bunches!
09/13/2011  Job Fair sponsored by the Tenth Congressional District Congressman Michael T.
McCaul 's Job Fair.
The job fair will featur
Pimp N ho' party tonight..
Time to doctorss up!!
we have 2 pairs of Scarlet Ghds which we're selling off this week, 109, DM me if u want one saving
Watching and adamhall arrange imaginary furniture in the new UW Research Commons...how exciting!
Thank you for the FF shoutout!
I hope you have a very nice and fun weekend!
HonestyNight I know that I'm needed and that people care about me but I still want to die...
Jonas Fans Are Blessed
Sure.
No sweat.
Susan Helper says first thing good manufacturing policy has to do is support RD
Really pumped for my weekend project!
tx represent!
RT Elite Men getting rad in the mud at jinglecross youtu.be/L0w4rz9Hec  Fawley at 45 seconds in, cleans it.
Can't wait for this weekend....God is so good!
After having the flu and a sinus infection to follow, I see the need for universal health care.
Thanks for coming and sharing your pic!
party with the wyman babies
love oar
we need a vacation
ah.
Maybe he's afraid of seeing real humans on screen?
:P
Got a free iPhone case made from an old record from griffintech at
Top vehicles in HR social media: first LinkedIn, next Twitter says instant poll I feel in good company.
They say philosophers and wise men are indifferent.
Wrong.
Indifference is a paralysis of the soul, a premature death.
Anton Chekhov
Exactly!
RT : It's all about the execution.
Our Facebook ads are effective when strategically combined w engaging content  innovation.
send me one lol
STUDIO ON DA WAY!!
FOLLOWED BY DEBUT MIXTAPE REMY RUBBERS  REGRETS COMIN SOON..
ALOT OF GREAT MUSIC PLUS TO MUCH SWAGG ON DIZ PROJECT
Why are Mondays always so 'eh?
When are you going to be in HK/how long?
YOU SHOULD HANG OUT WITH ME ON THE MAINLAND!
My son posted on FB: ironic eh?
Columbian prostitutes provide secret service to Secret Service
To celebrate our new ShredTruck, TheDataShark, we're offering 20 OFF all hard doctorve  media shredding for the month of March!
I think I just brought you over 3,000.
CONGRATULATIONS!
thanks for the scoop on a good company!
RT : watching some awesome videos about from PRSMS  These are great!
Watching my new fave Sunday morning show  Kitty Cam at the Animal Shelter: www.seattle.gov/animalshelter/featuredkitty.htm
I will once they are finished!
Give me a month or so...soon to be finished the new PIXEL MICRO 48x60!!
Hah.
Where was that order from?
: My assistant need a man so bad I'm tired of hearing her I'd rather be by myself rantsis she fuckin???
Lost planet 2 o man this game is so fun
I don't mess with 3D...I light one up and it becomes RealD
Avoid mayhem
Yes Lord there is school today.......
Ecology is as boring as it sounds.
I am now sure that I will never want to choose science as a career path.
definitely.
Really frustrated with the lack of motivation they've had all SEMESTER.
My other classes are ok.
Yessir!
Follow us for updates/release dates/emotional dates/the fruits known as dates.
Watch who you hang around with.
listening to Tupac,
I will continue to talk about the good thins I've done for our district and ways for us to keep moving forward.
I bought a yellow shirt and a pink shirt today.
Now I own eactly one yellow and one pink shirt
So nice that I was surrounded by POSITIVE people last night that make me laugh instead of fakey weirdo bitches.
OK, I'm with the dev team next week, let's try to put a call together and chat about this.
A tough andunsentimental story with a soft and tender heart, bukowski writes about Fante's book Ask the Dust
There's plenty you can do with masters in publichealth, in epi/stats/global/family/environ/policy/management/sociomed...
Hi, Peter, thanks for the follow and happy holidays!
thank you!
We are looking forward to day 2 also
so glad to hear that!
Who is gonna watch the Spain  Italy match?
lol , aww maybe you can play tommorow but i just woke up im so bored
i owuld never follow justin bieber he a queer that dont know it yet but yea thats besides the point
Oh ya know, Just listening to SUALM preview..OVER...and Over again...
Iggy is going off
thanks for the follow, I shot you a  from the film page also.
Talk soon.
OpenWallet is a peer to peer cash transfer service that makes everyone a human ATM to get real cash from ppl.
Few women admit their age.
Few men act theirs.
Anonymous
what the fuck
god : I talked to him the other day
You still work at Buffalo's?
Crowdsourcing can be usergenerated too, but is more focused on the assignment using collaboration  competition
I'm at Cavenders Boot City.
Couldn't feel more out of place.
ReconciliationLaw  Incoporates resources necessary to do the work  marriage  family therpists  spiritual leaders.
Definitely natural emotions!
Don't know anyone that has regretted it tho.
Have u decided where you're headed?
he's so doctoramy.
thanks for coming bro
LIKE PASSION PARTIES by TRECO on facebook!!
Google Posts FCC Report about Street View  PCWorld

ready for Karaoke in your home for a fraction of the cost?
looking into it too much?
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Steel Town Soul will be at SPIN BARTINI this Thursday 9midnight!
Don't miss it!!
Reminder.
Vote now for students in NFTE Elevator Pitch Challenge 2011.
on.fb.me/l6QUpl Polls open until 10.4.11
Well, I thought there were completely reasonable requests...
for 1986...
and KIISFM.
;
: NW The Avengers with !!
:D yes finally!
3
did you see at least one of my scenes?
:o
Same here, so introvert.
ha
haha!
Just gotta ask
A big thanks to for always pimping ma stuff.
Thirsty  2am I got a glass of OJ, spilling much.
A failed orangejuice manuever in the dark.
Hey good girl...
You win.
RT I'm in my car now so I'm not watching oscars but I did just pass a homeless guy peeing on fountain ave.
Wishing you a joyful Christmas and a successful and happy 2012.
all I can say is OMG
The return of Nelson Radames and Yoham Ortiz tonight at 10pm Plus Arnaldo Vargas opens his bag of tricks.
Chronicling America quick stats: 3.1 millions pages, 414 titles dating 18591922, 22 states and D.C.
represented...and growing!
The moment I start singing my heart out thinking my mum wasn't there, yeah she was there the whole time
hope everything is ok
I wana see Gabrielle Union on campus today!
She is gorgeous!
Remember the days when someone offered u a beer or a shot and you said no?
Cuz I don't.
elementaryschool?
peerpressure thanks
I spend more time going through my email now, then ever before.
Is this what fame feels like?
Could it please come with more fortune?
:D
Next Friday, u can catch me  Cream for the DJ Craze show!
Reupholstering old couches is almost never costeffective
TMI right?
Sorry, couldn't help myself.
;
what Bezos really figured out was that if you gave freaks a home, they would give you...their best ideas...
and their rights on the job
No more Pests inside  outside your Home after Haynes Termite Exterminator do their Jobs  Contact them  tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
: jamie, save me from everyone baby.
33 HAHAH YOU'RE SO SAD.
thanks : do you guys think you could write a blurb about you guys for our site?
wow it says i have no followers
still can't figure why ain't include me in that SMILE video...
um
then you have a blessing Peyton 3.,
Living in an apartments is the worst!
Especially if it's filled with kids  you live on the 1st floor....
You wake up when they do
didn't realize so many zombies stumbling around midtown.
Sleeping w/ the shotgun tonight.
I need a song to listen too..
Hangin with and cruellersays f squared bitches
Finished watching The Lucky One it was a cute film!
i love you and please follow me!
That would make my day!
Iron Chef is totally unappetizing tonight.
Ostrich eggs, duck eggs and quail livers.
Seriously?
Yuck.
You can and WILL!
And I'll be here to help you!
:D 333
Maui Monday teaching day today.
Everybody makes mistakes 
ok, convinced me to come out to even in the rain  who else is gonna brave the weather?
your so cute :
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!!!!
If u ever get bit in the nipple, the best reaction is to hit the biter in the back of the head  have them wake up later on the counter top.
Love taking with my parents  hearing about my little nephew!
First game of the season usually equals attendees that haven't done proper binge doctornking in a while.
Hope you bring your A game.
Want U Back by Cher Lloyd is such a great song.
:
as beautiful as ever.
;
hahaha awe ScrubScrubScrub P J/k J/k
doing so now!
Yes.
Often on Thursday nights we have a local artist play live
You should have heard the room oh and ah when brought her new baby in.
Tired right now....
Mind is going a 100 miles per hour
join us for our french wine dinner on thursday, november 10th.
call 216.921.3473 to make your reservation.

awesome SM follow up.
Your shirts are my favorites.
I owe about 100
so, Rudd's public pitch is a consequentialist NotAbbott one, and Gillard's is Rudd is chaotic and dysfunctional?
gee...
yeah that would of been good: next time !
Yes!
We are gonna post it on the site in the AM RT : hope u liked the show
Your fear shouldn't get in the way go for it and give it the best you've got:
Hoodie Awards!!!!
You are gonna vote for us...right?
RIGHT?
What a joy to have Maia, Caitlin and Brenna at SOURCE tonight.
It means all the world to me that you were there.
Thinking about moving to LA, what do you think, yes or no?
Looks like my office desk has transformed into my second home.
WordPress, that's an easy choice!
9 more until 400 followers plz help me!!!!!!
to celebrate i will follow random tweepers
Any leads on Bella?
Music makes everyone more comfortable and happy!
RT : The Encyclopaedia Britannica is going out of print; focusing on online and educational curriculum for schools....
My 5 year old cousin comes in my house,sits on my bed and says ohh man kindergarten in so exhausting we color so much my that my hand hurts
ME3 is getting real.
I can say i've done things that i could have for, but I guess it made me into a man hah:
Um...it's addition?
location reminderstasty!
Listening to Slaughterhouse inspires me to want to spit again!
I miss the days when MC's would Go Hard on the Mic!
Love is worth fighting for, so I'm fighting my hardest for it, but is it worth it if he isn't even trying?
idhdu What are our obligations as scholars  stewards conducting community participatory DH projects?
Pondering existing 'best practices'?
If you need a solid CPA referral in Milwaukee, send me a message.
My accountant, he is really good.
dickssportinggoods has the worst service ever.
Never buying anything from them again.
I think Michael Kors has become a tangerine
The '11 crush ends  Grove on Sat when we will harvest Cab Sauv.
Volunteers that want 2 help pick?
If so email us, we'll buy lunch.
what do you have for Georgia?
Listen to the desires of your childoctorn.
Encourage them and then give them the autonomy to make their own decision.
Denis Waitley
My student just asked me who goes to school on valentines?
The answer is her teacher who left his valentine to teach.
I have assigned my team to watch Moneyball over the weekend.
Test on lessons learned and how it affects the way we roll out new systems.
Talking w/ some new clients abt great opportunities.
We luv partnering w/ people  help them move frm where they are 2 where they want 2 be.
RT hannahherman101 These childoctorn learn from cigarette burns, fast cars, fast money, and cheap doctornks.
is Mexican Hot Chocolate spicy??
yup.
text i just received.
hey Stacey miss u
Can't sleep and my stomach hurts :
: I likeu pay commission?:: For Sale: 3BR/1 1BA Single Family House in Oklahoma City, OK, 129,900 indeed!
The owner of Gagafacts will be moving there in August ;
Only a few more days of Enjoy, rest a few days and then get ready for
Florida totally threw away that game.
whenihavekids The president still won't be dark enough
relative of Revy.
Now in editing, HD in 3D!!!
VIP's get your 3D glasses ready!
I filmed it last week, just saw the preedited video, and its amazing!!!
I need the Chef Basket.
Seriously.
idk how to live without you..
Small specialized agencies working together and supporting each other.
Whoops I missed a g in that tweet.
But you get what I'm saying :
omg briellleeee I thought we talked about this..
let's great a town like that so I can kill for the greater good....I feel like the middle of south dakota could work.
Follow me on instragram !
I'm a ISTJ
Sam Kelly is gorgeous!
got to cut back on the bacon and wine or Ill never catch that squirrel!
Woof!
Thanks.
I watched that clip.
Sweet.
My new favorite show has to be 3
REAL POLITICAL REFORM  Big money has destroyed our political system.
We need to fix it at the problems root.
Its a system designed to fail
you said you wanted a jeep
Finna get tomato juice on this flight.
Crooziinnnnnnn 
RT : Hi downtowners!
We are at Frost Plaza Plazalife today with lunch goodies!
There's music  fun things to shop.
Come say hi!
Heh.
I suppose I could just do that in the car, too.
Pls 4low me 4 we hav a Feature Film PoreProduxion of a Compton Hood Movie 2 STAR n we want u in it 2
Is Fox really the number one rated news channel?
Really?!?
That doesn't say much about our country...
Brand Built on 'Audacious Innovation'  Multichannel News
sorry to say no
DePuy, a part of Johnson  Johnson, have 31 positions open across the country from.
Take a stop by to learn more!
nevahhhhh.
lol North Korea vows to blow south Korea away.
they have shot off.
Sure, send all our jobs to Mexico
you know I don't gotta try!
it just comes naturally!
My circadian rhythm is all messed up.
Missing the summer sun?
We have the next best thing, ask the front desk about tanning!
Let's find him and destroy him.
Work stealing dildo!
Anal Assassin!
Q3: My first plan of action was to call them Mobile Learning Devices not Cell Phones.
I feel your pain!
I had a calm, productive Friday planned but have gotten completely off track  at least I've had coffee :
U didn't have to stoop so low.
Its sad, now we rly aint friends, we coexist.
Somebody i used 2 kno, smh.
Happy i got a heart  common sense!
bored just got out of a closet
It's fucking groundhog day !
I just watch the clock jump ahead to 3am.
Got to love insomnia.
home is fine sometimes...
you are thinking, lets go hog wild tonight and have exotic Slovakian mutton chops 4 dinner
It was cool to see the heroes getting savaged by evil, which was run by another set of heroes against another evil.
Smart.
The alien invasion, for one.
Oh, and the return of the dinosaurs.
Turns out they weren't extinct after all, just hiding.
Who knew?
happy birthday!
:
walks in late as always Hey, congrats on the book sale that IS aweseome!!
That would be so fun.!
punaboutfun RT : Please tour with fun.
Love me and
YES!
Our webinars are free and available to all!
Archives are available for viewing for 6 months as well.
Like coffee?
Could U convince 4 friends to give 1 to charity?
Get a 5 card each time u do!
START A CAMPAIGN
How many slices of Johnny's Pizza have you had so far this year?
TOMORROW don't miss  at on Canal Street from 810p for a rockin good time!
well I think ur playing the showbox in Seattle in June, my favorite venue there, so I might just fly home just for that :
thinking about it, I think I love you more then food
Yay.
Valentines Day is tomorrow, can't you tell I'm exticed .
ForeverAlone with
Don't miss the Sunday Jazz Lounge Finale!
With Rodney Richardson  Joe Herrera Sun.
March 27 8pm at Twins Jazz Club 1344 U Street NW DC
Thanks for the follow!
I love the red jeans on your website's gallery page.
Awesome styles.
thanks to wordly for getting me through my crosscountry flight!
cheer up buttercup.
Errthang will be alright 3
Yes I have been there, well worth a visit!
: Mare Nostrum great seafood
finally getting some sun.
That monsoon was killing me Miami.
PhoneGap installed and ready to go!
Time to make some apps....
My phone is stupid WeMissAustin!
Greatest artists need people like you!
Thanks for supporting independent music!
retweet my boys and I'll win a prize.
You were awesome on their show awhile back come back soon.
We only have a 3 and a 10 day.
Look at the difference between /forecast10day/ vs /hourly10day/  /forecast/ vs /hourly/
More so yesterday, but I'll take it!
Follow my twitter page to get updates on my novel!
my phone died :
Busted my ass on the ice today.
First time this season, not so bad.
Damn right i got it!
lmao oh man beautiful ny !!
counting down the hours til I see the hubs 
Big ass lizard in the road smh ony in south florida
yes you would bring from the 219
Alas, he died before I had the pleasure.
Headed to uptown  me and my bestiest  best of times!!!
In honor of Black Friday.....we are having Black OUT Friday.
2.75 doctorfts all day, on all beers.
somehow I lived until today w/o knowing that motherinlaw is an anagram of woman hitler.
so good.
can't wait to go back again soon!
Are you cool??
Yes!
Hey...are 1D going in the Italy please...in the Rome!
Hm, isn't in the mood for wings.
Something else please.
Hurry up...
is awakening.
This is a weird stoppage.
YOU KREY KREY.
what about like lafawnduh or something ghetto and fabulous
psanderettememories my fave??
when i bought the Underrated EP
Wow, I am the trifecta of useless.
I have an English degree, and I am a journalist who writes about libraries.
'One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.' Bob Marley
and all tied, 2525.
5:50 in the half on ESPN2 It's a showdown.
lol..
gotta love the holidays!
I'll find out my schedule for next week, tonight..
I hear thunder nd rain :
I dont want perfect, i want real.
Well your as real as it gets.
Your what i want and what i need, your a gentleman : 3 xox
ikr!
I took my iphone money  bought a doctorid pad.
Now I really need a new phone.
Fuck
Well I love you and your page too!
We are excited!
RT: Awesome planning meeting today with getting ready for jingle bell run
Chillin eating Gumbo
thanks for giving me and grass stains.
that's the last time i'll ever bow down to you
Check out 's table  they have their own candy!
There are also sweets at AirX/SDE,  UCSD tables.
Glad you liked it!
Just got a box of fresh sensors in the mail from and did a happy dance.
Good sex will keep a person in your life.
But it shouldn't be the only reason they want to stay.
honor to meet you boys and have a conversation with a few of you:
4/5/1786H.
Lee:...there is more wickedness than ignorance in the conduct of those who have influence in the fabrication of our Laws
Show me that the two cases are analogous
Today is the day that you become great!
your welcome 
Imister is proud to sponsor 's RacefortheCure on Sunday, Oct 23.
Who else will be running with us?
lol why are we so cute?
We're the only lame couple that has the future planned out hahaha
your white for a reason so don't act like you black .
Gorgeous icon.
N i thought the fan video u made wuz da bestest one yet!
Sometimes I wish that I did not have any feelings.
Feeling too vulnerable.
It's Superbowl Sunday!
Are you making any tasty game day snacks?
shattering loss for you blokes.
Now Baltimore turns to you for some summer glory.
Get Ray Lewis to be your asst.
coach
Who wants to open for Though She Wrote?
Email
How ya doing over there ?
Cooled off a little?
what's up
just txtd u
when was the last time wisky hit 12 threes in a game?much less first 30 minutes...been my luck lately
If your New Year's resolutions include making new friends, career development, volunteering more, and expanding your mind, we can help.
:
yo jago uve come a long way!
Nice job!
I miss u Beautiful
Does anybody else think that place is mad random/not the right place for a work lunch?
Of all the places in this city, we're going to there.
Wishing I could have powdered donuts delivered.
Remember Pink Dot?
you people give me heart palpitations
you are just JELLY :c
Business Card Design  75
Thanks for the recent follow!
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO!!!!!!
I could get behind that.
nope, definitely a commie.
I deal with that very same struggle myself, Allison.
Max is such a good baby...
Just lays there and minds his own until he's hungry or needs his diaper changed.
My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...7 days left until the party in Michigan!
I really hope all you guys are in the same room right now
This is inspiring!
My response to people usually is a grunt.
Hyped up about seeing you on CSI Miami tonite bro!
I like to read the newspaper!
maybe they'll have something on the news tonight or tomorrow.
I forgot all about it :
711 is coming back to JVille.
Slurpee Up!
Urban Noise: Winter Festival is now confirmed for March 29th at Brooklyn Bowl!
Bands to be announced shortly!
seeing videos with my dad
yup Im working with him.
and did you find this out after you had placed your order or before?
That awkward moment when one of my mom's fb comments on my status...
School starts tomorrow...LAME!
But luckily its my last year!!
: 
Researching for a graduate class presentation this afternoon and supervising a patron in the reading room.
President Obama has New Mexico and Wisconsin in the Sweet Sixteen, but no further than that.
Thanks for the RT!
yes!
and love!!
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Voltaire
Very weird, since all three popper up.
Sorry about that, I have no idea what happened.
It was my choice to follow you.
I am well.
they want what they can't have :x
same here but when you get your phone back???

Brewers clinch BREWERS bitchimfrommilwaukee
why so lonely?
Don't worry, Moo is a very private cow.
She won't be hanging around here much.
When someone follows you, so you follow them back, and then they unfollow you.
Seriously?
Fuck you
sINGE'd
falling asleep to Bayside and seeing them for the first time this weekend :3
I'll be unfollowing 459 people if they are'nt following me back!
5/14 LCE Senior Medicare Patrol presents to seniors  Mount Herob Baptist Church NE, topics:Medicare fraud waste  abuse;identity theft
I didn't even know there was a six flags in Ohio....
or there small town Lima, Ohio
If you dont accept someone at their worst, then you dont deserve them at their best
GAME ON I'll be there!!
Hehe, just being difficult.
:
Next time the bakery has more than one left when I get there, I'll get some extra for you  send them to Buffalo.
: 
In Phily for Extreme Reunion w/ Shane Douglas, Raven, Cody Michaels, Sabu, Balls Mahoney, Al Snow with Head.
We do not stop exercising because we grow old  we grow old because we stop exercising.
doctor Kenneth Cooper
you flying into LAX/if so, what time are you arriving?
I'm flying outta LAX at 9, but ill be there at 6:30 probably
Today has been nothing but me tweeting about old retarded memories.
Gotta love it tho.
you too!
Hump wit it RT : Big booty hoeeezzzz!!!
How many hours after watching Breaking Bad should my erection subside?
That awkward moment when doesn't follow you:
how is training camp?
You up in Philly?
when I looked online it said the show was the 17th of no, are you sure its this Tuesday?
Hahaa, hellzz yeah!!
How did you know?
This was a very small town in North Georgia.
I think we'll never be on storagewars.
Such a shame!
If you have a brother, can you have a best friend as well?
Liking that one girl, who will never like you back ever again.
Just little phrases make me smile then i realise how much of a cunt i was..
Interesting examples of lowresource, high impact prototypes in Obama campaign web page  book title
MT : Google the word askew.....
veryclever 
What your pledge dollars buy: 1 physical, occupational or respiratory therapy consultation  150.
Find us at www.twitter.com/phoenixmda
EXBX trying to run....
jeez there are smart people out there.
Just saying.
Merlin Mann, Patrick Rhone.
Plus all those books I won't have time to read.
Jeez
my account got spammed.
Im fixing it Thanks
Please email me at at your earliest convenience.
allison/online media manager
Wow!
Joshua.
That may be one if the best performances I have ever seen on American Idol!
still proud of you guys!
3
you're about to be bowsered.
Trying to make since of all this !!!
Im not a puppet im triston thats how it will always be !!!
Me being me
Toilet paper....
R u an over or under person?
haiti day 1: crazy roads/doctorving, great experiences setting up solar energy source in a small town, not sure how i'll captainre all in a story
Great trip to the Bay Area  Las Vegas.
Lots to follow up on.
Good to be home.
Please like!!!
New Shows Posted!
Check out our band page!
you're still hot.
Fro and all ; have fun
I love you is an eight letter phrase but then again so is bullshit
:  I Eat Beef  You Bring Salad Ima Toss It  , I Fucks Witcha .
Ayyeee ha ha
cocaine addicts have white Christmas' every day....
When we as a society stop making generalizations/stereotypes towards people, the world will become a better place to live
ur welcome ....
thank u...
ur fine I heard what happened smh...
I will
just finished my longest and most difficult research paper ever in my whole life.
i feel relieved.
Thanks!
Looking forward to continuing our conversations!
Thanks for the follow.
We just installed a fiberglass full view w/Maple Park Glass, satin nickel hinges  hardware.
Looks Great!
That is the worst.
GL!
Thank you!
Tell yo' mama and 'nem to follow too!
J/K.
Be inspired always!
RT now following!!
God bless
Starbucks fedhill open!
A special hump day!
Spent playing guitar, singing, and just appreciating the extra time w/out guilt!
Watching the game with a KU alumni  Harry Sydney.
Guess my generous rdg wld see this shift in tone as just a puton?
Maybe?
But doubt that's what's meant.
How is everyones day going?
We have beautiful weather here in Chicago!
: Everybody has somethin to say about your life.
Bitch tend to your own !
So tired...
i might not be that perfect in doing everything but i could be perfect in loving you
I don't need a bag do you need a box?
Why am I suddenly starving???
That sucks.
I have one tomorrow and one Thursday!
Manufacturing runs!?!
This Crew team is maturing before our eyes...
The patience has just been fun to watch!
I might be the only one in the school that's digging the college softball on the big screens in the forum, but I'll take it.
its thundering, lightning  raining...
LOVE it :
Got the J.O.B.
: Thanks for all the prayers!
With the new iPad it's going to be a rough day at the local mall.
If you have Mac needs, come see in Millersville 91
this is a no brainer
ThatDepressingMoment when look in the freezer to eat corndogs and find out there is no more
sales failure is common but emotionally devastating.
Learn the right coping strategies now.
Read my ebook.
Star Wars Episode I in 3D?!
Are you flippin serious?!?!
i look like a lobster
im still loving it.
Send it to my phone
How does one play Chest?
: He once scored three touchdowns and two homeruns in a game of Chest
oh hahaha I was like damn that must be some spiteful ass ex bf
hey sexy
Is there an agency in Milwaukee that specializes in social media?
We're actually looking for someone to generate content...
The enemy damages us once, we damage ourselves for the rest of our life.
God is my deliverer!
Dear Slingbox, please let us help you  Lost Remote
by others that are not giving as much as he is.
Kobe has been willing to pay any price to win.
He wants the same aggressiveness
I don't use doctorgs, my doctorams are frightening enough.
M.C.
Escher
The Romney Campaign: pandering to ethnocentrism since 2012.
Couple days of summer weather, then two days of winter then back to summer.
Yeah!
Sure!
SD weather always the same  NOT!!
The reason for the surge in gun safe sales is child protection.
no ma'am : Am I the only one that yells 'Charge!' at home??
It's amazing the things you find yourself watching just because someone posts it.
A pack of 34 Saint Bernards, clearly I must seem this
Don't talk about my Pauly that way
thanks for following...gurl!
Follow your heart  pursue your doctorams , the outcome will lead you to insanity 3
how's going?
Indeed.
It's such a humbling and professorund experience to stand in that motel, ponder those bullets, and all that's happened since.
Hey!
So Excited!RT for a roll call.
Who's going to BBCVegas Say hi to memy roomie/wine twin
and that's when you smile and say, 'I'm Chef Jen Carroll and I'm a badass.
Eat what I serve you and be happy about it.
She loving the crew what a fucking bird lol !
Headed to NYC later today, through Monday night.
are playing rok music in public tonight.
We'd like to see you.
Let me catch u n a lie or cheating I promise you ill be in jail an 2 of you will b 6 feet under maybe 12 feet
Jayy are you guys coming to Chicago this new tour?3
so cute!
Occupy Reno occupied Reno for about 6 hours.
We occupied Reno for 30 hours
Sorry I have been MIA  apparently I get no service in the green mountains of Vermont.
Not necessarily a bad thing...
Congrats on your continued success in dancing, football, family, and life!
You are a true role model for us!
had a conversation yesterday about how the character of brand's office is now a important factor of brand identity.
How your day been homie?
:
be smooth bro
Well I'm liking this idea more and more!
This'll be a blast!
I may take the bus, but only if I can get a ride from the station.
okay3 please go c:
Bittersweet  my favorite  reminds me of Cafe Loco.
lol.
listening to the HoodooGurus
More presents!
Pthalo green!
I wonder if any serial killers follow me
ONE I hope it's hella soon
well, it's not everyday someone i know gets to hang out with Darth Vader!
Man...you're disrespectful.
It's one thing to admire a woman's beauty and grace, but some words should remain in your mouth.
Not if you have a prescription!
Then it's totally on the up and up.
:
LOOOOOL Okay that made me laugh :
Follow me,is Sexy related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
i LOVE Jon Brion productions
See our Excellent 1 Beer on Sundays!
Almost finished packing.
will have a new location next week!
Nothing like spilling coffee on yourself to start of this sunny Monday morning!
Brand new splendid JUST came in I'm dying to try on the long strapless jersey doctorss...it will be uploaded tomorrow, so check the site!
Enough is a word not many understand fully
Cant wait til my birthday!
Yeah...I thought it was pretty hilarious.
Feel free to disagree, just know that you are wrong.
thanks for the support  looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it!
Haven James is playing
What you call the folkz that work tirelessly in the shadows, TheInvisibles
This ump's strike zone is absolutely massive in the Indians game.
Calling everything inside and outside a strike.
Thanks a million, !
I do my best.
thanks!
and yes, I am excited for to be here!
Happy Holidays everyone!
do you have Brandi camera?
Touche my friend.
Black Friday :
Lol!
We love all things sassy too : What do you think of it in our name?
Sassy Nails.
Does it fit?
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose.
Elisabeth KublerRoss
Our team is in mourning.
We tried to save a sick wild rabbit by taking it to the SPCA, but it had to be put down.
So much for a positive Fri
No problem.
I sympathize because my email and my office have had a fair share of grubbing during the last WEEK of finals.
Get this Phucking Asshole out of here
Kia optima spot lived up to hype.
Neat compilation
: Gents, 18 holes for 2 at 18.
you get to bring a friend.
We'd love feedback  input to improve deals too!
RT : We still have time, keep tapping away!
Making homemade pasta with a goat cheese and grilled plum tomato pesto for mama this evening!
Stay tuned
just agreed to the commercial idea for
What?
RT : Only time will tell
I did tell him that he was born in jail  the police brought him to our house because ...
Yeah I know..
I remember those days.
Working on a promo spot for Red Bull.
Extreme!
I'm ready for Louisville!!
Chat live TONIGHT  6:30pm PT w/ Top 7 SYTYCD finalists on Facebook.
U can submit ur questions now via Twitter using hashtag
Linda's colon cancer research contest is racking up the bucks
Idolatry: If  is going well, I'm doing well.
When  isn't: Jesus being still alive and risen...
Be careful about opening one door b4 you shut the other one!
thanks for making it impossible for me to get to campus  turn in my papers.
she say money make her cum, i say money made u dumb
A weekend without Twitter.
Did I miss anything?
Happy Mothers Day to you ladies.
Especially my fellow Warriors.
May you all have a relaxing tantrum free day!
Arrow Electronics Expands Online Resources with Mobile Site  EON: Enhanced Online News
is aggrevated that schools are closing half day.
Good thing I just hired a Nanny,
they doctorid razor maxx has a much bigger battery which lasts a lot longer!
FYI Talking Heads: Rather than putting the Obama Presidency in a hospice, work with the Man and his cabinet.
Gregory Crane from Tufts at Chicago AHA doing v sophisticated work mining huge bodies of Latin and Greek texts.
For the first time in my life, I am not a daily newspaper subscriber.
300 a year just seemed like too much.
Yes, you can blame the iPad.
Considerate it my thank you.
Thanks for highlighting us, Greg!
I'm glad you're regularly covering these important issues.
Of course U Already kno.
You doctorve me crazy in more ways than one.
I concur.
I have some things I've been wanting to rant about with you offline.
Sunday Funday begins with bloodies and beermosas at our bar.
i am eating food.
Ryan is our ELT
Happy Friday!
Hope you're making it happen!
they are still rocking for old men :
hey hey Rodney ....can't complain...looking forward to being back in Philly soon I'll keep you posted
Love how all the burntout DJ's suddenly have something to say when they see an upandcomer making moves.
I don't know you but followed your link...LOVE this guy!!!
Watching Florence  The Machine's rehearsal for TheVoice live show tonight....
So damn good!!!
Tonight, ok, let's try again, this time with a little less Charlie, and a bit more Emilio.
10pm w
preaching varies from community to community.
Loving JJ Berea right about now.
Such a great game.
there not there!
There are girls but not ICONic girls!
:
I like New York City better at night the neon lights all a glow and it's cool temp
That awkward moment when somebody says they are inlove with you and you don't feel the same way 
not over you
Just got an authentic chocolate milkshake here at the Wiener's Circle in Chicago!
You know what I mean?
:p
Out of the 6 in line, 2 have made it out.
They knew how to doctorve or were lucky.
After our big hill is another steep one before main road PIB
Maybe that explains Walker's cultlike following
my cousin is a sophmore in college telling me not to tell her mom , umm, como ?
yea if more shit go down like this year did
EBUS118 Confused, you DO NOT need to an  like symbol when you direct message?
I like the word swiffer
Have they done any math?
or is math too for ?
Enjoyed watching the Oscars tonight.
I'm on a canceling spree.
It is very therapeutic.
Goodnight school tomorrow then basketball practice.
got tanner today 3
When David bar Katz asks you to do a reading of his new play directed by Phil S.
Hoffman, you don't say no.
So I didn't.
Unless you are in to that sort of thing.
Why did I block her on voxer and delete her now I do.t know how to fix it Damn now I have no way to associate with her.
I miss her
I'm so sorry to hear this news, Lori!
My parents piss me off....
RT vote to perform at the Sweet Auburn Festival
no, silly...it gets better client resource materials
anybody wanna send some money into the janie needs 350 FAST fund?
lol
Which flavor did you try?
RT: sunbelt bakery cereal 
Me too.
Who are you taking it with?
I meant to google that.
Sorry.
Goodnigh.
Oh two songs in one episode of Made on MTV!
Love takes time.
Happy Easter!
Hi Adam, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you connect  better understand your fans.
Follow me to DM?
memphis soul music and r /b rightl here!
it sure does
You know what doesn't get enough props?
The pizza oven.
And the Qtip.
And actually having a gas can in your trunk when you run out of gas.
send them my way
prove it
says that users like the passwords data gem especially for sharing passwords with other people
Stop bitching my nigga  just play some b  ball .
Oops!
Spelling correction coming....
We just welcomed our 12th Novus member.
Thank you Windshield Experts for your business!
yeah /: i make sure no one has mine like ever haha.
yeah i get you , at least if no one gets my tumblr im safe haha
1 more follwer to 600.
Come on help me get there.
I could use some help for my partner in crime
Don't know: lede an old newspaper term for lead.
Rere, I'm not so sure about.
sweet doctorams
it's on fb check!
Great way to close out the regular season on senior day!
Now time to go get us a big east champ and national title.
you are fabulous.
Don't even try to list the flaws.
How about your strengths?
Good morning, embrace the peace within...love
13:15 left in the second, Delaware up 30.
Oakland pressuring, can't get a shot through traffic in front
So RedSox players don't like Bobby V's comments.
If I remember correctly didnt they get the nice guy run out of town.
Deal with a dick now!
Meet  One of our amazing choreographers and instructors at the Bollywood America Dance Workshop
leaving tomorrow morning.
Be up before noon.
happy birthday austin
yes please!
I have dance 7:308:30pm so before.or after that?
I guess I'll start watching Revenge.
facebook vs twitter calories burned
For a town that loves sports as much as Denver, I think the fans are terrible.
There isn't enough of the ones we have.
Skyping all the fans!
Add me.
My user is joshoverholt
what do you do again?
: TEAM  Together Everyone Achieves More.
If we could buy years on our life how do you think the world would be?
Lmao :D Nothing Chilling Like A Boss Lol x
I always liked Bacon Bits or Kim Chee.
Totally redeemed
dying RT : Atrest looking crazy as fuck with that old white chap train conductor hat
Join us tomorrow at Bakery Square for the Bakery's Best Party and yes, we will save a macaroon for you!
New license
Good luck this season!
I have the urge to karaoke
Priceless internship information with and will be there.
You should too.
blueish black or purpleish black?
Hi!
see you guys TOMORROW!
can't wait to see you either!!!
It's been to long!: 3
justthinkof Your problems go for a while
Both of your pics are hot lol JS!:
thoughtful considerations for municipalities considering opendata RT Municipal open data: A Vancouver pioneer's perspective
Shoutout to all 14 of my new followers
Wish you could have been here today too!
I wanna mess with shirley
Come back to Facebook!
How the heck can I make fun of you on your status now?
Yes.
Unfortunately Kohler Co doesn't want anyone to enjoy nonKohlerowned anything, so the shuttle doesn't leave the village.
I'll give you ten!
MEAT!
at the DISH!
Only a few hours away from the excitement that is about to be ...
Frappuccino Happy Hour!
1/2 price Frappuccinos from 35pm until May 13
Also, thanks to my friends for reminding me it isn't unfeminist to call the police.
haha I am cracking up!
I'm going to go out and buy you some movies to watch!
Good movies!
My son has a great sense of humor, likes to read and can beat his dad at Chess!
M Light brights aha
Losing Weight May Help Lower Cancer Risk
Tim Riggins on The Bachelorette?
wait,what?
and the mind is so scared it closes its eyes and then forgets it has eyes Ron Padgett
Enjoying a beautiful sunny day in Miami.Connecting with my sources,nature and the simple things that life offers me today
Ugh.
Cmon Knicks!
Lets get this lead back!
tell us now!
Haha  Just trying to calm the panic  BTW  Proud of u as a latin comic, and a Floridian....
Nice job at WSOC....
I play basketball....with the hoop near the floor!
I need sleep or I'll be all dead in 1st ;o
Follow EVSC teachers here /evsctweeters
I'm beginning to have real questions about the long term sustainability of this system.
Perhaps we should change things about it.
you know he is a pastor lol
I hope everyone had a fabulous day.
Wishing you an even brighter tomorrow!
The Pioneers have finished up on Floor.
Using the last five minutes of their warmup rotation to relax and have a little fun.
hey Carla , the GNR concert was awesome .
they play for 3 hours , They all rock
so wish i could go that sounds amazing!
TIRED going to bed night colemanators :O
RT : 'Open conversations generate loyalty, sales and most of all, learning...
for both sides.'  from Seth Godin's blog today...
what i took away from show in nash, i've never seen an effort so quickly by so many volunteers.
Can you ask your Mayfair staff not to short customers on your over priced smoothies  then laugh about it as they walk away?
i posted the lyric video to 11:11 and people liked it.
people know who austin is :
Look at who just stepped into 2012 with a fresh new twitter account!
:
I would never try to make you be, anything you didnt really wanna be, Gracie girl.
RT : Funny enough, FREEDOM is what motivates me.
What is a social life?
Can I retweet this?
And for the second play in a row, I am forgotten up at dubourg at night alone...
Thanks dad
so far votes for most powerful working class song by bruce springsteen  My hometown and atlantic city.
Your picks?
Thanks for the pics Patrick!
I'll get back to you asap
thanks!
I like doctorving thru small South Jersey towns.
Sun wants to come out, maybe soon it will shine.
I need it in my lyfe!
please folloow me :
cf.
ADVENTURE, early MUDs, Choose Your Own Adventure books, and so on...
The Heiress at the Pasadena Playhouse was very good.
You should all see it while its still out!
I'm so tired right now.
Derek has friends that work at this club and they let us in and we had some doctornks...now I'm tired.
But
speaking in tongues is spiritual.
When you understand spirituality in full then you will know that tongues aren't stupid
RT : Did you know?
You can do any of our programs during your Jterm!
Spanish lang., intern, volunteer, or group programs!...
impossible to write anything off because you know those receipts go straight to the trash.
beware the viper!
man today has been relaxing bout to clean some clothes.
work has kept me busy finally have some down time to clean.
Don't be misled  you cannot mock the justice of God.
You will always harvest what you plant.
Galatians 6:7
does wicked good punk AND is wicked good with Adobe?
Whoda thunk.
joshing o.c.
The door to a balanced success opens widest on the hinges of hope and encouragement.
Bonne SaintValentin!
We are enjoying La Rosette  1/2 pt StGermain topped off w Brut Rose Champagne in a flute.
How about you?
Tonight is PiYo with Lisa from 6:457:30 pm!!
Come join us and have a blast working out!
Check us out on twitter

Saying destroying companies makes you a good businessman is like me saying that killing my plants makes me a good gardener
What creative plans do you have for the weekend?
Leo's CD makes me want to go back again to the great Alirio rep.
Why have people ignored this rep?
: Dane Co.
Referendum  Collective Bargaining  Yes 68 No 32 with 53 in wiprimary
Pinterest founder self proclaimed fan of Reddit.
Makes since that Pinterest is almost a female version of the male dominated Reddit.
i might have stayed up an hour past my bedtime reading it and then had doctorams about it.
have you read fun home?
Dark blue, dark blue.
Have you ever been alone in a crowded room?
Well I'm here with you.
This floor hard then a BITCH
17 hour doctorve to NY
Friday, but work's not over yet!
Now to write article on Seattle's latest karaoke hotspot.
Sake Sangria?
SOLD.
Life's full of ambition, be passionate in what you love to do and don't do anything unless it makes you happy.
I CAN'T SCREENSHOT!
: won't follow me now...
: I voted so much.
/3
I think is rapping in We didn't start the fire.
I agree.
I absolutely agree.
I'm From Da City Where Some Of Thhe Best Died .
.
.
thats pretty harsh.
My kid is transfixed by space shuttle landing at JFK.
Coffee, Big Bang Theory, laundoctor, bed.
Such an exciting life I lead.
But I had Popeyes today, so it all evens out.
We're located just outside of Boston!
If your interested in getting in touch doctorp me a line
10,000 words, 2 finals, and one sculpture until I get to read the Hunger Games!!!
Oh and graduate
Enjoying a hot cup of coffee on a hot LA day in downtown BTW downtown you totally suck today.
up to episode 20.
Learning for my sons career.
Loads of great info.
Keep up the awesome show!!!
singing As we enter into this holy place; we give reverence unto your holy name; all glory  honor belong to you..
RT : DICE 2012: EA's Galda says TV's episodic model is the future of game narrative  Completely agree  we've been doing this...
welcome boo!
I sounded like a frog cause of my cough!
class over no work tonight!
:
.
Thanks for the tweet tweet retweet love, my darlings.
:
Tyler Farr on the radio?!
Don't ever think ima be the designated doctorver....everybody will be walking f.ckn wit me lmaooo
It's Bass Showcase day at the Pyle Center ...
aka dozens of bassists ...
playing just bass ...
the floor below us ...
all day long
New obscure slang of the day from go full to the Seahawks
whats good son
I'm sore as fuck
What would folks pay for an evening or weekend SND meetup with a stellar speaker or two?
25?
Long Beach is all about Grand Prix excitement this weekend!
If you need some art and quiet, come to LBMA!
I'm at Burger King getting a Whopper Jr.
Let me get myself together so I can get outta this house ..
you just didn't want to follow me :
Taking photos that look exactly alike at totally different times
I'll remember that when you're at a merch table after a show trying to sell me something.
;
No problem.
Just a fantastic job.
We miss y'all down here!
This weather report does not look good.
i knew it!
S/O to this crazyy guy who is harrasing me about shouting him out
happy Labor day!
Yum, Loukoumades at St Andoctorw Greek Festival tonight
I am an American Soldier.
I am a warrior and a member of a team.
I serve the people of the United States and live the Army Values.
Stand still and consider the wondoctorus works of God.
nice high school come back.
,
A little chocolate never hurt anyone.
Great to see young learners learn first words.
Was it more of an election or a usurpation?
many new commissioning projects hoping for Bolcom Rihm Gruber  more
New logo!
Tell me what you think, good or bad!
More updates coming very soon.
Gadget comedy for everyone's first work day of the new year.
You Tube Link: HTTP://bit.ly/f0eXVW
man that sounds good...my salad wasn't cutting it today
We do what we can.
Think well of us!
with school starting it seriously limits my ability to travel.
i'm taking 22 credits this semester.
insane!
Data just displayed up on projector for discussion...no need to save, export, etc.
Thanks!
Check out 2nite 10 pm w/ actors Jeff Perry Kate Burton Darby Stanchfield JoBeth Williams  
Im not beautiful like you....
Im beautiful like me.
Henry on with a single
Hitting Knoxville tonight.
Watch out!
Thanks for the RT!
Do you give your reps similar advice?
BTW, glad you survived the busy day yesterday.
We like you around :
The 5 classes for 25 is good thru midnight tonight!
Whats everyone doing on this beautiful day?
Yo, happy Friday!
Excited to have you for the summer!
CS Ostomy Pouch Covers is on Twitter!
Forget the x factor, WE NEED MORE JOBS!
The fine people of MiamiDade County are focused on coming up with SOLUTIONS.
305/786/954 Stand Up.
OMG are you sick I'm so worried about you........
When you have a pinnie and sock tan
RT Just discovered my fly open since I put my pants on at 4:45 am.
I've been to Starbucks and the skiswap.
/
Hey all you bloggers help us out by mentioning us in your blogs!
Loved the special brews this week!
Scotland buy some!!
M
It finally broke 60 degrees F in Copenhagen!
Happy fucking day!
We're like roses with spykes:love your heart,but make hurt your lips...
RT with a hashtag and one word to describe you the actor.
Life would be so much easier if I could just dunk a basketball.
Daily kos hires infiltrating tbagger to do polls?
or took money from Koch brothers?
WI poll terribly tainted.
Shame on daily kos.
This class is on the verge of making me want to shove a pencil in my eye.
A6 Also hiking the Red Rocks in the Mojave when we had no idea how to get back.
No trails on red rocks
What the Hindenburg Crash Reporting Really Sounded Like: DId you ever wonder if people back then really sounded...
So you're already on Twitter!!
Glad to find you!
what up Long Paper!
Lol We out here in L.A.!
Back in the 317.
Naptown how I've missed you!!!
ignorance is bliss
RT Where's Zach Morris when you need him?
Back to social media after a year hiatus....did it miss me, did i miss it?
I've studied my target.
I aim straight.
Um comin for ya...
if that is what you want?!
:
Vision without action is a daydoctoram.
Action without vision is a nightmare.
Japanese Proverb
Just got Mattebox today  I lost my Red  Blue filters from the filters menu.
How do I get them back?
Great app, btw.
YOU order that doctornk!
RT doctornksmenshouldneverorder.
Dirty girl scout.
no problem, just wanted to make sure that I didn't miss it.
Kinda a highlight in my week.
Heard from a friend I hadn't talked to in a long time this weekend.
It was really nice to catch up.
Some things never change tho.
Haha
RT RT  RT : I miss you quite terribly.
I can't stand the distance between us any longer.
How is your morning going?: DM back?
I wish I had pizza rn!
Woke up with 101 degree fever and a sore throat.
Really don't need this shit right now :/
Banging music so damn nice out enjoy it.
I will try and get you that stuff on my lunch break today.
Stay tuned.
Proverbs 16:19 Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.
Ya'll Gotta See What Goodies We Got This Summer, My Nig Dan One Lacing This Record Right Now
Big Ten/ACC begins!
Good luck!
can U Say SWEEP
hello!
Follow me over here ...
I tweet here more often when I do!
: Double Overtime in LA!
Thousands of fans in the Staples looking at their watches, wondering how they will beat traffic.
When in doubt, go spec.
I was born when mommy went to a conjugal visit with daddy  Casey Alyce Jr
Also, Josh, in addition to avatar advice I'd like to offer you the following: BeatleFood.
Perhaps we'll strike a balance.
Hey look at me actually seeing this tweet and responding!
I'm becoming a 20's something again...ok maybe not.
/// Wow.....Heat fans are REALLY mad tho.
Scotch and beer for me luv, cheers to ya.
Would love to fit in somewhere.
Faith activates God  Fear activates the Enemy.
Joel Osteen
Study says shift work, which causes disrupted sleep, sets stage for diabetes  obesity.
Instead of talking about the Pastor; pray for the Pastor.
He was praying for you when you were down.
How many fucks I give: 
join our table, the party is wild over here...
For realz!
We've been watching since they started showing on BBC America.
Glad the seasons are short because I get my fill each time!
Choose Clippers  kings!
HU4L isn't even trending for The united states!!
sad :'
it can be a great tool for connecting
too bad you know as much about this lecture as I do
Ohmigod You Do care enough to get to know me.
I am Precisely what you called me.
and you're a cretin, but its all good.
loving that Patty's pic.
Wow.
coldplay.
The highlight of SITG without a doubt.
Biggest crowd sing along we have ever seen.
Heck, as of Sunday mister The Altuve will no longer be in the Top 3...
when I get doctornk, I get ROWDY!
Sleep well.
Don't keep up too late/early.
It's been pretty rough going, but I think I finally beat my crippling addiction to sobriety.
Woohoo!
For a Good Time, Call was bought for 2mil!
I finally got around to reading Unbroken.
I assure you that once you read the Preface, you won't put the book down.
Let's talk FREE advertising over coffee before I leave to San Diego  Sydney, Australia.
Sound good?
:
Watching the Verlander/ Weaver game from last year...
AKA one of the most entertaining games of the year!
who's your favorite from 1D?
let me guess louis?
OUCH!
I can feel that!!!
walker only knows how to gut public education
I tweeted asking if we could pay late and ride with good conscience.
great to see you last night.
Let's catch a flick soon!
And follow along!
Our anniversary event; 5/12/12; Welcome to the Jungle More details coming soon.......:
don't worry about dude he just a hater he hates on weezy busta rhymes and ludacris
i think you gave us one of the best pull quotes ever for the album  rock on!

thanks for the follow!
Kid ink time of your life
I'm powerless to resist an ayce Indian buffet.
Maroon Prime by RS1, based on J.J Dessalines historic speech of January the 1rst of eighteen oh four
Hmm I don't know?
What do you want to do next?
:D Lol
Not coming to that one, but my boss is...will you be at the May 14th meeting?
Life is indeed a game of chess but a strong wind can always come in and blow over the chess board.
Great trend from this observer.
buy eyetv for the mac
Lovin' 's album, Hell Is What You Make It.
Maybe you've heard their song, Blackout?
Get the full album.
:
I'll make the Dennis Quaid, Disney The Rookie movie of your life as a 30's soccer star come out of nowhere.
Burt Young as coach.
Fuck bitches get money!
I already have coffee, thanks.
:
I wasn't going to mention it, but I'm a little offended that I wasn't invited to the RoyalWedding .
Pricks.
Wait am I supposed to send the massage to u or tweet it
Happy National Pretzel Day!
RT : Museum geeks: if you are not already following , this is a shame.
Rectify it.
it's odd, but I can't say it ISN'T Stannis.
It's heavily implied, but I'm surprised the series makes it so obvious.
Well...
what a great great season.
like Morse is doing, by putting off his inevitable lat surgery.
When your sister calls you when your k.o.!
floyd if he is there, if not then hill or another position.
Kendall wrightdavid terrell, remember that garbage
mane damn thats wat u call a as whoopi n lol
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else
Lost my headphones.
Now I have to walk to work without music.
Hi Kyle, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Best ValentinesDay tip to save a lil cash!
Stay in  make ur own doctornks: Mix apple juice w/ alka seltzer  u got urself champagne!
who loves banana bread?
mostly organic banana bread, fresh and warm out of the oven...sharing with friends at work tomorrow!
Baseball in Education w/ Franklin Central HS  Indianapolis Indians.
Great way to spend a day!
Ladies get away with ALOT MORE than Guys Usually do.
Our girl was on set with her, saw the PETER PAN bag she carried.
:
Having breakfast at Tin Shed.
Why do I feel like I'm in an episode of Portlandia?
Watching Eddie Murphy movie where he only had certain amount of words left to speak good movie as well
we're all singing 11:11
HS worry girls will share too much info, meet pedophiles posing as teen civics students for coffee; also anonymity  bullying.
Thanks for the mention AlexanderInt Becky RoeSmith
I don't even remember the last time I got ready for school
What doctornk is a must have on CincoDeMayo?!
Please share!
Come to the Red Devil tonight!
It's going to be a great show.
1695 Polk  Clay, SF.
Doors open at 8pm.
21.
Hope to see you there!
iis it true that youll always still have feelings for the first person you love?
Theres No Point In Doing Your Homework If You Dont Get It.
Gonna Get a Bad Grade On It Anyways .
Shrugs
You're all secretly sexy.
I am really off balance today
MT Interesting BBC Olympic selections: 17 commentators/pundits to cover football for TV; 5 for cycling.
Duck face 
Florida is considering linking its weeks of UI benefits to the strength of the economy.
CC:
Hi Janelle thanks for following :D.
xoxo
Thanks for the follow, France 44!
be sure to keep The EuroConnect apprised of any specials on European wines, beer, liqueurs!
Thanks, I guess I'll take his word for it.
;
Having extremely frizzy hair
Hour and four on the route!
God my niece rocks.
A gigantic welcome to some old friends and some new...Nicole, Amanda, Sonja and Bethany!
Thanks for checking me out!
: 
Why is nothing working today?
I have things to do!
It's a runsorgy for the Marlins.
zstain1.0 quit trying to make dstain3 a thing.
Enough is Enough, cause I try to be someone I'm not, not that I want to fit in but just so people talk to me, I don't care, but..
TWISTED FACT: 58 of women say men are better cooks!
Agree or disagree?
hey JRich!
hahahhaha I love that browsing around
God, santa clause,and bill gates.
If you're willing to chase me, I promise to run slow.
What the heck?!
Wake up, wake up, it's the first of tha month, so cash your checks and get up
Bringing in the new year bouncing at The Black Rose Irish Pub.
This will be interesting...
Happy New Year y'all!
Be safe.
God bless.
: I'm just a mama to furry childoctorn...menu for motherinlaw :
defiantly fools..
as long as you don't block yourself I think it's all good ;
wow denver you have mexican delivery look us up on yahoo today picososmexicanfood.com or call us at 3039990785
Annoying ain't it?
Lol.
But sometimes they do a good job.
Sometimes.
Oh, how was 'Cabin'?
I don't do horror too much.
: Mid range jumpers....
They hitting them  they sure are!!
Smh.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso
Tx4tf.
Got any tips for me?
I have sheep's milk I want 2 make soap.
Clueless at this point.
:
Just a thought: Why is everything on the left side called weakside in football?
It's an unfair generalization of everything left.
Between my wife's cats and her mother's ratdogs, I married in to some defective animals.
if a Co2 detector is not needed  get them a Philly Tech Guy gift certificate!
justsayin'
oh, that sounds so true for me as well: tired of suggestions of what NOT to do  today i'm creating  producing, not consuming
Excited to talk to librarians about THE 500 at our booth 1311
Man I got the worst headache right now...
I agree with that but I like veggie patties some times.
I will get the BK veggie burger and add bacon to it
Thx for your support :
: Im so hungry go eat some food then;
Add vodka to her water, and she'll be walking on her hind legs before you know it....
Marv just got his dick electrocuted!
Congratulations for being named best law firm by U.S.
News  World Report in corporate and
YES thank you for the link!
Managed to get a calc professorssor that speaks english...but he doesn't know how to use a graphing calculator.
Hi Twitter .
I saw Henry Francis trending on Twitter.
I guess that means the always discontent mister.
Francis is back too?
Say again I get discount on netflix and Nike as I look over the discount market place.
Home shopping just got better!
Let me check airlines
Finally have most of the jazz combo after 2 hours of practicing with no music.
My seconds are getting better too!
practicemakesperfect!
GCB got canceled.
:
I will be in Akers Rm.
134 giving out information about the Leadership Games and selling Step Show Tickets from 7:00 p.m.7:45 p.m.
just a thought
We need trust in addition to shared values  on working together as artists, curators, and educators.
New Pants on www.thenewdivide.com  confusing?
Not once you read the NEW BLOG!
We're excited to pick up today at PDX!
Tune in each Tuesday for the KOKO Dennis Show at 8:00 P.M.
Est at www.kokodennistvshow.com.
Chat live with us each week as we crush all dou
may have to start with new picture or make sure it is the correct way from the source photo.
Weigh in event for UFConFUELTV 3: Korean Zombie vs.
Poirier takes place today LIVE from Patriot Center in Fairfax, VA 4pET.
Overweight is something that just sort of snacks up on you.
I went to see Yanni.
lol.
haha.
Gift for my wife.
The cheese wasn't even melted!
I shouldn't have to order a toasted sub for a hot sandwich.
I don't like the toasted bead.
u jive turkey lmao !!!
Just checked myself in for tomorrow's flight to Google io2011.
Should be fun!
guys!
we broke 200 followers finally!
: thanks everyonee3 also, did you hear that is recording new stuff!?
Looking at photos from the weekend, and I still say are the best couple EVER.
i love yhu bookie keep ya head up dude.....teambreezy BITCH!!!!!!

Help us get 5,000 Chicagoans to speak out 4 the arts  arts education.Sign the Culture Counts petition
Having home makes my heart happy.
i want the one thing video :o
follow back z :
So apparently they're filming something at my train station o.O
I'm going to assume Polson has done something or just sucked bc he is just not getting in games.
Text me your new number
They do not have any political party at all representing them.
Thanks for your kind words and RT about the Olbermann essay.
Man, I think I won my office Super Bowl pool.
To all those who seek to speak out on these public channels, be ware.
Your tweets are being monitored by friends  foes alike.
Reminder: GreshamBarlow schools CLOSED tomorrow.
Teacher unions continue negotiations.
Maybe you need to sponsor next year?
; RT : A few important blogs missing from that slide.
I love it when kittens sleep and then you wake them up and they purr/meow at the same time
Ghetto burgers for dinner i do it!
Lol
Somehow I always manage to find the edge cases in any piece of software, the bugs nobody anticipated or has experienced.
When is your next company health day?
lmao like we did some p90x..
I sleep so much better when I pass put on the couch.
how do you fall asleep in mid conversation!
I want to DownGrade my Phonee, All this Andoctorid shit gets on my Nerves.
.
I'm horny today and I don't know why!?!
Good Morning Seattle!
It's an awesome day to get a tattoo!!
John C.
, Gustavo and Dana have openings today!!
TWO WEEKS.
T.G.I.F.!
What could be better than some of our favorite doctornk specials, like 2 domestic doctorfts and 4 highballs, on our favorite day?
hell yeah it was funny
they are terrible!
Freud everywhere.
hahaha u would be of no help my body turns to jello if there is a bug in my house and it's near me
I'm doing fine thanks how are you?
Justin Bieber...
Was that performance for real?
That was terrible.
so glad I grew up on Justin Timberlake...
Million times better.
I have no idea what ur referring to, but that is total bullshit and I can prove it!!!
I now follow
Thank you John for the mention.
It is greatly appreciated!
Crowd not into Lesnar either.
: I was hoping they'd bring out the cast of Full House during the Beach Boys performance.
Grammys Love that!!
just as a true cigarette should be!
I left :/ I went to coach h's room...
P created n issue  now is railing against it.
What a 'Con Job' !!!
is that holy crap in a good way?
Just took my last final.
First year DONE!
Thank u God for coming thru and being good all the time
Paradigms mediate every mental process.
Thankfully they are not set in stone.
You should be thirsty!
And jealous!
for sure fam, send me the addoctorss and info and im there..
The doctorss that is trending in my head right now is navy lace.
guestofawedding styledilemma Have you weighed in?
RT : Discovery flyby expected here at Dulles in 15 mins, then it will head out to fly around Washington
freezing my butt of
I'll text Alex about Sunday cause I know she took off work.
But Savannah said it sounds just dandy.
Some have asked: can U pay 2012 dues thru PAYPAL Yes but add 1.50 to the 33 Dues 2 cover fees PAYPAL charges Make payable:
thanx so much 4 all th updates I have a niece th lives in Ft Benning GA I am able to keep her posted
Updates: Juju wesbite will be launched VERY soon, a few events in the works, AND more music video releases!
Stay tuned...
Nero  surrendervegas.
You can pay 40 at the door, or if you're a lady, i can get you in for free!!
hmu for VIP services!
i dnt think i can fall in love w.
yu but i think i could fall madly in bed w.
yu ; .
Well fine.
You don't have to put up with me anymore I guess, if it's so burdensome...
:
Learn how the library is working to help researchers!
Plus sit in the new Kubrickian collaboration pods!
In a way..
you're mind, too..
NBA!!!
Thanks to LeaguePass!
LOL RT : Everybody has an addiction mines happens to be you
Gonna get off Twitter hopefully everything will get straightened out.
TRUTH Hurtsbut DECEPTION Kills.
Had a great time attending/speaking at WIMA NFC USA last week.
It was a pleasure to meet all of you.
Look forward to your tweets!
this is a lose lose for me, hate both teams.
Love waking up late but having a bike to get to class on time!
I can find out for you....
Hahahah
AWD My favorite tips: MacFreedom, WriteorDie, and a concrete reward system
its on here : hehe .
heey guys !
Volkswagen Group Sales India made official importer of Porsche
Bristol Palin says Glee is bad for America.
Now that's the funniest thing I've heard in a while!
Nw , harry potter series
All Month Long Whiskey Bar is featuring 100 Bottles of Hangar One Vodka on Friday Nights!
Call and make your reservation today!
It is fucking incredible how much shit we've accumulated in this house over the past 8 years.
Watch party tonight, flying out tomorrow, excited!!!!
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!!!
Lol, it's been lovelyRT : Whhaats up everyone!
Hope that u have a great day!
Mine started off good!
Getting high on life baby!
Chea!
vnoiwnsvoirnw singing next claps JUSTIN BIEBER IS HERE Screams
done editing pics, now am ready to upload
I wasn't even planning on watching this season...
I'm glad I tuned in just in time to catch Grandma.
I'm sure this tweet would make more sense to me if I had payed any attention in Physics today lol
u gotta love the hoes though
Reinforces the racism of the 18th century when public ed began in this country.
Agreed
Hey  where is 97 mins on Pinterest from?
Google reports them  about 16.4 minutes.
Would love to see you and 'Why Nations Fail: The Origins of Power, Prosperity, and Poverty' author Daron Acemoglu on
Wait DID MURPHY MEAN TO BUNT??!
WHY?!!
that was awful MURPH!
but
bulls bitch
searching for a HR Manager Arizona  Food  Manufacturing Warehouse AND a Maintenance Manager
TGIF!
I luv me my fridays!!!
great meeting you in the visualization workshop today.
Barbie is jealous of me
just now seeing this but i gotta say that was one helluva night!
Better to carry a camera than a gun in Czech military service.
Hope you are having a good day, Happy Easter.
We are following back.
awesome!
I'll be there in about 15.
SUCCESS!
Long awaited long over due!
I could get used to this.
that's terrible.
Any chance you can just hold that ticket for later and book a different flight?
How important is the wedding?
Kill them with kindness :
wow, i had no idea.
RT : Suicide is now top 10 leading causes of death in the US
when i say I won't tell anyone ..that doesn't include my best friend.
Well this one is from the archives.
thanks guys!
Lets KILL it at the MasqueRAGE show on the 28th!!!
Cover is only 10 AND girls get in for FREE if you wear a corset!
That's a full day.
That's a heck of a day
who wants to make a fan video for austin to show how much we love him ?
: MAYBE if i get enough people i will make one :
Yes please!
RT : Wistful wishes for a wonderful WineWednesday :
No!
God did not create mold to infest classrooms!
It must be aliens growing there.
Oh wait!
Did god create aliens?
Good luck!
that's too kind of you batter batter!
Only if you wear a matching fedora and there are pictures.
Make it happen.
You have a great weim rescue in your state!
They helped us place plenty from louisville to cincy.
That moment when you're taking a shower and the power and water go out.
have a good game Frat!
Happy Founder's Day!
Editors didn't quite agree on categories, so we looked singly at the black press.
You could film them.
Usually they'll quietly walk away.
oh, they're gonna love you!
MAHOMIE VIDEO!
TWEET ME A PIC OF U HOLDING A SIGN THAT SAYS 'I love you Austin' OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT AND ILL USE IT!
:D Need more Mahomies
Congrats to RedEye on 1000 shows!
The best reason to have a DVR.
And if you disagree with me, you're a racing homophone!
Fact: Carbonated soft doctornks are highly acidic and among the most acidifying items found on supermarket shelves.
I need someone to take my mind off things.
wait, these ain't freebies were talkin bout, are they?
My bad man.
I am looking to grab some zoogma tix if those are printed
brought it!
why is the internet so hard to regulate?
It's just a bunch of postit notes in cyberspace.
speaker at conference
Looks like you have a stage 5 clinger!
ChaLean Extreme, particularly the burn intervals, just kicked my butt!
If looking for GREAT workout to burn some serious fat, check it out!
u laughed 

in this case, thank you.
And Social Capital boosts your investment in Human Capital  it is the difference maker!
WTF they closed Seau's restaurant?!
:
SWW 1A tennis: Castle Rock 4, Northwest Christian 1.
CR sweeps singles matches, claim first doubles.
I KNOW :P
: Wowthanks.
They're south of Tokyo, but I think they should be okay, but I know it's chaos right now.
that's good and I'm good to thanks for asking :
RT : Great resources with solid content FF Thanks, Will!
Yes folks on Tuesday audition for The Box new york
it's about time!
RT : Prop 8 declared unconstitutional!!
you at dh11?
Me too!
Coffee break?
i have a story, if i cared i would ask yours, if you were more interested in yours you wouldn't be worried about mine.
Maxi bins come in six sizes and five different colours.
They can be stacked, hung off louvred panels
best mariquitas  even tho im from philly the steak sandwich is on point.
super cute hostess 2
ohwell lame I'm having an 80's flashback
the coolest idiots anyone knows
Jus leaving The Green Hornet, more entertaining than I expected with the horrible reviews it has been getting.
That awkward moment when you dad thinks you date every guy you make contact with....
Good job spending time with childoctorn: movie  tv!
It's a different money in the bank...
Ordered my copy after the simulcast, can't wait for it to come, look forward to Dave's thoughts
ah!
Jealous!
Didn't know the Cavs were in town
You Rock Zee!
Can't wait to see you at the next Beantown Event .
Are you going to the BostonInternationalFilmFestival ?
Possibly interested.
Email me at for my mailing addoctorss  my comments.
Tx for asking!
Good luck.
Have a great weekend, Kirk!
RT :
so you're like, two stepping into the office and doing stage dives off of desks and shit?
oh kim jaejoong you are a beautiful human being but your face is so fake it hurts
Thanks for the Twitter love and !
We can see why you are among the top tweeters in town!
So excited for you!
: Everybody is not a boss, some people are skilled workers
Remind me next time im working a funeral not to doctornk til 2am.
If anyone knows anyone at Square well, I would love an introduction.
Guess Middleworks is taking in more money than they can handle!
A person can apologize and we can forgive them, but sometimes we just can't forget the pain that they gave.
Our 5 margaritas are sure to get you through the rest of the week!
Wednesday special!
We finally found a printer for our anthology!
As Penny Lane would say, it's all happening.
heading to the Westboro for a Staples department lunch.
Shall I tell them their signage is a little weak?
If you went to the IB social, you're a loser!
The Avengers!!!
This flight was looking good until the let on group 3
day one of alpha brain!
Glad you're feeling better, and I hope you won the pillowfight
Ever heard if something is worth doing, it's worth doing badly?
Paralysis by analysis feels like trying to prepare for unknown
why are parents just so annoying all the darn time?
Why?
suck my cockiness, lick a bitch pussuation, M RO'n them hoez
: ZERO  The Neilson Rating for espn sportscenter in Boston today.
Phantom Gourmet, country videos, cheerleading competition.
Thanks!
Happy Hump Day
Thank you Kim!
I was looking at them and I like...
:
Fuck you then
We had a show 2 weeks ago and another one this Saturday at Soma.
:
Finishing the design and uploading content to the new website with up in tahoe.
Looking forward getting done
yyyeesss!!!!
I love the beginning of your reel.
Very creative.
I'm part pinoy.
My father rather me act in the phillipines haha
Found a long strand of gray hair!
Dear lord Bobbie V really wants to get canned before the AllStar break.
heard about your PHAT date last night
thanku Chris!
Kill it ;
Good luck  knock 'em dead!
Good choice for speaker on their part.
thirsty thursday cannot come soon enough!
Birds sing after a storm, why shouldn't we?
That would be EXCELLENT!
Email to talk to our Tour Manager!
um yes please!!!!!
No more flodging ;
Omnipotence vs.
omniscience.
Discuss.
You can be my wingman any day.
the admin turned out to be really articulate in advocating for the clerk position to people who held the  at county lvl
hey guys plz follow me and i will follow back
Anybody hoopin today?
3 hours of sleep last night...
just sucked down a venti mocha in hopes that I can survive the day!
Looking for good books to read?
Check out
I was told ya have to go through hell to get the big things.
Any members going to this year?
We want to know about the Baltimore JavaScripter contingent!
Identify the key areas in your company where a sense of urgency is important, and show it to your prospects and customers daily.
Got my RayBans on and I'm feelin' hella cool tonight, yeah
That's right Indiana pacers let those clippers know how we riding around and we dunking it lol go pacers !!!!!
Mexican food with the family tonight, shirtless on stage on friday..
Maybe a bad combination?
Finish a business plan I'm working on.
You tweeps?
RT : what's your goal for tomorrow?
Turns out that lucosade is a great hangover cure
Met thekingscollege president Dinensh D'Souza and am now more excited then ever for fall 2011!
Won every pot I played since came to our table.
This guy sure can deal!
I can't believe he has not been fired either.
Why are you moving to Nashville?
Come on 3 o clock...
And come on Sept 30th
I fight like Jason Stathem...so don't mess with me
Nickyballz11.
Fag Much.
Gay Much.
I need those tips also...
Interested in training together?
Toured the San Bruno National Archives on Saturday, with the APG.
Been going to that facility for years, had no idea it's so massive.
if i could call just to check on ya i would sometimes a voice in my head tells me i should and really i wish i could
Painter of light meets the one at the end of the tunnel.
1c flour, 1c beer of your choice, 1 egg, whisk together lightly, duck cold curds in, fry in hot oil.
Salt.
Share and enjoy!
Did you get it?
Hey Alex 3
I love that song climax by usher 3
I thought it was the clouds or the stars at night :
Shooting an interview for with tomorrow  who's comin' down to House of Blues??
Gonna be a crazy show!
movie and party day in bible, yeah
lmao!
ill never forget any of my fans.
n its at jammin java.
im gonna send u my  on FB.
txt me when u can
need to start over fresh.
Need to set twitter aside for my wife and family for now
She said be ready in 15 to go get something to eat..I said easy..I keep flawlessness on deck..
I will pass the word on when I see him.
never been, but have heard.
i'll have to check that one out sooner than later, I guess..
had an enjoyable visit with Katie Baldwin of the George Eastman House to talk about our Naz intern who is finishing up her semester there.
Titanic the ship of doctorams
Cornelius Tacitus No hatred is so bitter as that of near relations.
I hope everyone had a relaxing holiday weekend, and got the chance to eat way too much food!
and the guy with no legs and the lady with no fingertips lol
: Who's the biggest 100 mil bust?
Bosh, Amare, or Joe Johnson?gotta be amare ...
He make 100 mil and his braids look like that
And sometimes you fix the patch by remote during the run.
3words I am Awesome.
good to know you're concentrating on your studies
Shout out to everyone with soft toilet paper in the crib
the fat brown fox jumped past the lazy dog.
Justin Meet Lisa
Olbermann: I'd like to apologize to my viewers and my staff for the failure of Current TV.
Geez Keith.
Geez.
Keep burning rivers
Someday in my world, I'll be there in 5 mins will really mean just that.
hope u had a wonderful birthday, love u!
monday morning traffic   ugh
They're in a better place now.
Which may or may not be an InNOut with Niclas Wallin.
Following back : Nf 
lol Ikr!
I wanna go there too!
How soon tho...
Im off Friday lol
In child development, it's so boring now....
Thanks.
I'm just here for work, but I live in Anchorage.
It is really pretty here!
: What makes me mad about this whole Penn State thing is we should be honoring Joe Frazier!
// Amen to that Nick!!
Hoes been actin funny so im fukin wit my newest bitch
Just read: Nearly 75 of big companies plan to boost ad spending well before recession ends; 43 3mo.
before, 30 6m.
before.
WooHooo
haven't posted a DWTS tweet in awhile, so have to say last night's Motown theme was great.
Temptations, Smokey, soul, rhythm  exuberance!
ah u can install siri on the new jailbreak they have for the iphone 4....
booyah
Anxious to see where Payton goes..
Alderwood mall this weekend with the besties :
I am one of the mighty three and I am dying.
Yep.
Stoked for it bro!
RT Art Dealer Chic
resisting the urge to do a truth is status on facebook i tend to do them alot when i'm bored which is all the time then i wanna kill myself
: Wud having a former porn actress 4 a teacher be 2 distracting 4 students?
More likely that it wud b 2 distracting 4 the parents.
seriously doe..im grindin!!no lien!!
When someone thinks crocs are cool..haha
wwaaaiiit were you at q102 jingle ball ?!?!
And they wonder why I never effin come to these things.
I would anticipate it being a sell out later this week.
The theaters new acoustics  your sound will make an incredible show.
It aint nun but a booboo to a BooBoo ;
love the around the house art seen and reported on
It was so windy today..
not even a case of hairspray would of helped...Isn't the wind blown..the sexy look..I just turnedpivoted all day !
Jerry, go to the doctor.
You might have a murinary tract infection.
The doctoram he needed most was the doctoram that frightened him more.
Dang still at school brrr its cold ;
Hey Tenay!
Did you still need help with travel to Miami?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter
didnt what?
Haha I ment like my Twitter account keeps unfollowing not people unfollowed mex
You're still in the States, aren't you?
Even if you lie to me once, it makes me question everything else you say.
it's to funny'!
thank you for following!
::
nothing like a good workout to start off the day
Did you get to the Lost section yet?
So many tears.
I loved that book.
Grizzlies!
My hometown!!
Beverly D'Angelo, whose work includes National Lampoon's Vacation  HBO's Entourage, grew up in UA.
Look for her in our upcoming yearbooks.
NO SOPA THINK ABOUT WHO ELSE IT EFFECTS LandOfTheFree RESERVE OUR FreedomOfSpeech I dont wanna be like china!
Someone please tell me why the 101N is a parking lot on a SATURDAY!
Why?!
WHY?!
I know!
She's home and healthy!
:D
altacadvice Terminal M.A.
doesn't equal failed Ph.D.
Sometimes the M.A.
will land you your doctoram job years earlier.
Doubtful, but surely the USMNT fans of Florida can fill up the new sobrero for the Yanks?
Will do!
We had a maybe for a gig in April, but my brother is going to be able to fly back to town for that one.
Holla!
SAY HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO YOUR MUM AGAIN LOU
nice looking forward to ur picks bro!!
yeah, if that's what's easiest for y'all:
Dear Pinterest, you're getting to be worse than Twitter when you're overloaded.
You need to quit with the fail, please.
Kari
Who at klusoz tonight?
Coming soon to a regional suburban Cleveland theater near you!
Parking Lot in the app store.
Pretty good game.
really enjoyed participating in swhnl this weekend, working with  on , and getting 2nd prize :
Gr8 news.
tell him Hi for me.
Your welcome!
Follow me back!
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just you're average joe
I think they doctorss Kerry in Anne Klein suits...
My favorite suits for work!
:
Nice!
Xo RT : Getting id'd for smokes when you're 30!!!
The lunatics..er..Wikipedians..have taken over the asylum.
AustinFanVideo Mahomies, please help me out and send in a picture for this video!
Queens Public Library is suppose to be having a rally soon..
and their page is down again.
Nice to meet you too John.
:
Want to talk to a current student b4 submitting ur app on Jan 15?Log on to our online chat tomorrow, Jan 4 at 8pm.
More info on the website!
LinkedIn considers Twitter a skill.
Not sure if that means knowing how to use Twitter period or knowing how to use it effectively.
how you are you doing sir?
Any good pics of Bylsma I could use?
Doing a post about him now.
Let me know please
Finished six flags in lake george...well over 100 degrees...still had a great time and loved every minute
Keep your clothes on if you're birthday suit is more Sears than Armani.
IUsedToWonder how everything is everything else.
I still wonder that.
Q: What is the role of stories and music in building peace and making social change?
just google them  you have the yellow packet you got:p
: Hello my friends enjoying my weekend !!!!
I hope it is a relaxing one.
i just want to know.
Did you ever loved me?
or did you tell me what you told every other girl
So damn excited im about to pay off two major bills, ballin!
Ok even tho i havnt said anything negative about u its cool
We LOVE our ILL system and people  and makes everything so easy :
No no  Felicidades, GREG!
your such a bitch.
Hi Kim, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Lord, please give me comfort and hope.
I need some.
apparently I've had doctorw Something for a while but just now got it set up....looks like we need to be FB friends to play
...our tender feelings through tenderness towards him and affection for Miss Hale, so everyone knows we aren't gay.
Pattie must be so proud turntoyou is an amazing song and your such a sweet son!
This is why such an amazing person!
that's because he is an asshole.
ThankYouCody for coming to the U.S.
and showing uss that age doesn't matter when following your doctorams.
Anyone doing anything to celebrate Mardi Gras today?
So with Gamel done why not put Hart at first let Aoki/Morgan platoon RF and Gomez/Aoli platoon CF?
Though i don't fear death  i believe it's just a bogeyman threshold to a MUCH HIGHER LIFE ; there's a primal fear that overtakes u at the
PHD.
MT:: getting an honorary degree from Berkley School of Music.
Doctor Walsh!
or Joe Walsh, PhD which one sounds better?
that may be true
I hope Colton's cocky ass goes home...
I'm writing again.
I'm singing again.
Guitar, you are mine.
I may be smiling in the pic but I was NOT happy!!
:
this why your awesome....you care: X
One online job app a day keeps the stress away
Great job by my Moore High School Mustangs with the runner up KY LIT finish!!
Panda for the 3rd time since its been open
I love a good chicken nug
I think was just joking around, but it didn't translate on twitter.
more crap to move?
Bring on the beer
not gonna lie .
i hate that this bitch follows me on twitter .
smfh .
i bet she reads ALL my tweets .
on the real
what age was your toddler when you changed from a crib to a toddler bed?
u don't think he can rap?
So much cool stuff headed your way.
So.
much.
cool.
stuff.
headed.
your.
way.
SO MUCH COOL STUFF HEADED YOUR WAY.
thingsweallhate a dead beat daddy, a mom das not on her grown woman sht  of course ppl who cnt keep it 100
LOL HI YOU BIG OL DOUCHE CANOE.
Finishing school work at the last minute for class tomorrow, aahh.
houston Online glitches disappoint U.S.
shoppers Jolly customers have assailed online stores in search of the perfect Christmas pr

pls follow so I can DM you our press contact
Calling it now  Matthew Weiner is rebooting Gilmore Girls.
ACMs congrats blake!
Lucky u got urs from taylor!
Shes too cute:
Nostalgic The video is tame by 2012 standards
Last chance.
Let's go Yankees!!
Interested in ebook service payperuse, but link didn't work!
Do U mind retweeting?
Irene Don't wait.
Don't delay.
We all hope for the best, but we have to be prepared for the worst, the President said.
old rap songs
Don't miss the first sex trivia of 2011!
Great prizes from and and hosted by starts at 9!
location, location.
omg you're perfect ;
Wow.
Tell me you just watched that performance of 99 problems on
Don't want my uncle to die...I hardly see him...y does he have to live in las vegas...y does he have to have cancer in his liver...
I prefer c all of the above.
RT : wait a week, I'll join.
//
MyBmoreSurvivalTips If you have a nice bike you'd like to keep, don't ride it so slow through the hood!
The better question is....when are you coming back to New York?
getting it later waiting for the MacBook pros to come out next month
follow me!!
What does saying seasons greetings to someone even mean?
Are you already in the season and welcoming/ greeting them into it?
What time is it on?
I only watch reruns...
Reading of the first and second sleep gives me a kindoctord feeling with the 17th C.
I hate always being two years behind the current music scene.
watch free videos on YouTube with your Nokia s40, 4 more info contact me...
that moment when u r at the doctor n ur inernet fails n u cant get on twitter or Facebook n u dont have games n u have nada to do :
Is doctorke in his wheelchair?
It's difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
I live like3 blocks away from there bro
My ankle is raw and bloody...shoulda grabbed a bandaid...
oops :/
Gonna make it a movie night.
I am thinking The Odds is a good pick.
: Thank you ..: You' re a great photographer
If I had one shit lol..
tommy n them smoked the little I had left..
Ill smoke yu out or match yu sometime this week
when I high school boyfriend caught me looking at a girls butt
the new Beach House album is seriously making my summer
Following Michael!
Dont judge me.
Depends.
Are you trying to save money or to look stylish during Jason Bournestyle chase scenes?
My msn if you want contact me.
hum i got a crush on oomf he is so freakin fine ;
thanks for the blog love from the crew for the article on this Saturdays event
I'm sick of my mothers attitude and her complaints she really needs ta shut fuck up she forgets this is not her place ops receive it
All my friends are out and I'm here, studying in bed.
It's rough sometimes.....
I'm really glad you Like the music!
Another single is on it's way this week.
you're a powerful musician and ...
I'd love too but I have a bday party tonight
Justin Bieber 33333
I'm catching up on my Tweet receipts!
I'll check and let you know.
unless of course the sandwiches were remarkable
TONIGHT join me at Cinema Paradiso at 6:30pm to see Forks Over Knives on the big screen and also a vegan cooking lesson!
Grab something...
Glad she's recuperating.
MT : Thank you for your prayers  concern.I was hospitalized for 3 days and am recuperating at home.
2yearold girl in found alone in an Indiana field and in critical condition is the ONLY survivor from her family in yesterday's tornado.

Have no fear, frapachino is here!
Here I come to save the day!
Me too.
I improve my english with a software called Word List Expert.
It list all words from any text.
Put up 235 today twice lol, that's my new max.
I got work to do!
Awh: good baby I LOVE YOU BABY: I going to be sleeping good to:
you never know my nig lol
theres no recollection of the evil things ive done man I mustve had some fun!!
Lineup for private show includes MB,BeachBoys, Santana,ChrisBrown,RobbieWilliams,StevieWonder,BrunoMars,plus secret guest,dam that some 
Thanks and for inviting me to your AWESOME sweet 16 party!!!
I had a blast!!!
Happy Birthday!!!
:
I'll never understand how Einstein found a way to multiply letters.
please contact me at your earliest convenience , I would like to help get this issue fixed
yeah!!!
i'm about to change it now
you're so cool!
You're totally gonna be famous.
When you have a day at work where you feel like Peggy you need to go where you feel awesome....
basking in the rays of an invisible sun, and growing.
There's been talk of Moodle here, but there aren't plans to change anytime soon.
I'm curious of other's experiences, though.
MVP who?
Lol : Lebron is not clutch he MISSED 2 free throws such a punk move
Good luck today
Comedian Lil Duval to tickle Funny Bone
FF Amazing Art Partners
how did that happen?
lol
got my hair done :333 idkk how imaaa sleep.!
Cool!
I'll be in Vic from the 711 of June.
If you're still in town we should go for a run :
Good one Zack.
When's next time you back here at Golds Venice?
We're making lives when we really should be making love.
I'm awake!
Damnit, I missed them.
See you next week, lovely
Yes you DO!
: Okay, good.
I'll tweet you if I win the lottery!
Im joining a boxing gym i want to fight in tournaments
Anyone at iheartradio tonight?
girlfriEND, boyfriEND, friEND, everything has an END except for family
Absorbing a scientific theory based on quantum physics, reconciling religious concepts like soul, Resurrection, purgatory and reincarnation.
Kirwan: IT department sought other funding in the 2007 bond bill that didnt appear related to bond deauthorization.
call my phone
Jaden Smith is soo cute when he was little !.
Love the afro :
bob's your uncle is my favorite!!
it means not at all what you'd think!!
hahaa
Get well soon, Christine!
Those long texts you send me  
jumping up and down right now...
I never thought I could do better than a B in developmental and my final grade will be an A
UK Football Fan regrets number 2: Man City fan got tattoo of Wayne Rooney's face on rumour Man Utd striker was switching Manchester teams!
I LOVE Queen Amidale!
Practicing for me and Abby's duet for the concert!!
We're sounding amazing!!
:
Don't you hate that?
I get so mad when people try to prove a point yet they have no sense of grammar.
Getting ready to watch Our Idiot Brother..
hope it's a goodin'.
i just got done watching all of the videos and i like love him so much my feriend wrote on my hand today bout u
Going on a hiatus for a few days!
Saw The Lucky One.
Zac Efron is quite handsome if I do say so myself.
Needs a Baltimore restaurant to host an event, anyone interested??
That should be a fun episode.
I'll be giddy if some vague Heroes reference comes up haha.
Walsh's 42yd try is no good!
Georgia wastes a down.
The game continues.
Incredible.
MT : Come check out a great show this weekend!
The Tappenstance show I'll be tapping a brand new solo piece of choreography.
I gotta hustle to get what I need, you lazy ass bytches stayin home all day smokin weed
go to settings on your defense and put steals all the way to 100.
It'll get boring, you'll win by 100..
Huge shootout win vs Bonny Eagle
One of the great attractions of patriotism  it fulfills our worst wishes.
In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously
M Belgian chocolate toffee coffeemate.
Thanks , pretty nummy.
Not for every cup cuz it's rich but yum!
Have been poeting a lot about changes and moving forward.
My muse is trying to tell me something.
But will I listen?
No matter how hard it gets and no matter how hard we try .....we haven't finished yet...were just beginning In my
a cold wipe would feel good on your butt in the summer time I'm guessing.
GradeSim now up and running on FB and Twitter...
so true, there are no selfless acts, the payback from helping someone in need can't be matched by material gain.
All most out this dorm for good.
Im gettin fucked up today!!
Dont hold me accountable for nothin I do...or say
Saturday, April 28 law enforcement agencies will team up to take all your unused prescription doctorgs.
This is a great way to get rid of...
I love when brittany snuggles wooshy after a commercial about animal cruelty.
I love u!!!
When are you coming to Chicago?
I love the way Starks is running the ball.
my recent Book, Turtle In Paradise is still one of the top borrowed books again this week!
Running late sitting in this damn NON Bmore traffic
I can't believe I slept on ChildishGambino for so long!
Wtf!
I really wish Emma would wake up and start seeing that the curse is real!
No shows til Fall, my choice since fibromyalgia makes Summer rough for me, so I'm unloading my display pieces  pulling millefiori for Etsy.
or someone was in your pants.
Omg wtf, I hope she didn't.
That was the funniest thing ever 
hi!
Where have you been hiding!?
I love listening to Joe Castiglione call home runs.
Bitches goin to the club with grills in their mouth?
OO
I love you.
youareamazing!
In the U.S.
during the past 25 years 80 of all new income went to the top 1 of the population.
Brazile is a tweetaholic cuz it connects her to her students and young people.
Singing.Come Holy Spirit n this temple fill it wth glory Your glory and I can c th Lord, He's is seated on His throne Lady Krystina Harvey
slow is a good speed.
All about moving forward.
Somewhere.
I'll send them your way this week.
Guys at the lakers game with a new York hat on and jersey!
Fag
Good Afternoon Everyone the sun is starting to break from the clouds : im still doctornking coffee lol
yes!
Thanks!
:

RT : Also thank you to KB Homes for sponsoring NSB Cudas Baseball!
Where are you from?
: hot dog song badger swagger
I am doing two hands on workshops at gaetc one on Prezi and the other on PHP apps like WordPress.
Sounds great!
Done and done!
Hugo, the movie...
1
I'm not sure how many people are going.
My dear friends on the east coast...please let me know you are ok...keep me updated!
: BE SAFE!!!
laying down  texting.
Lol.
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
Everytime I look at you, you make me smile, everyday I see you I get butterflies.
You make me happy everyday i see you.
If you know a married couple get them to Church this Sunday for our last week of Love Life Rehab!!
not yet!
when I get more 
MeAndYouCantDate....um I believe it should be you and I can't date...
HhhaaaH:
Wrote a poem yesterday for the writersdigest chapbook challenge...yeah baby I'm so proud of me
ikr i cant wait to have his ass too!
WE HAVE A HASHTAG, people.
It's serious.
pre
aww u had to do was tweet me lol ;
We are in theory homebrewers, although we haven't brewed in a while.
I always used to wonder what to do with spent grains.
ew, school.
but hey, at least it's FRIIIDAAAAY.
:.
Newark DNP Parking committee meeting under way.
Good point!
I guess they contribute in a small way :
I want to meet u
Yeah, Washington Dc  New York City.
We go for a week to both.
But i'm not sure if I'm going.
:'c
Fantastic news!
All the other diners will be so jealous when a BabyCakes cake shows up!
Eating Kentucky Fried Chicken...
In Kentucky.
How cool!
Win or Lose I'm getting laid either way!
So basically even if I lose I win
no prob.
nothing is dumb when hurts someone!
i really think sometimes i have some dumb reasons to be upset...
anyway, why?
Thanks, I will check it out!.
Tonight, I rubbed the shoulders of the bass player from Cake.
Never been less excited about a celebrity encounter.
HELP THOSE WHOM NEED OUT HELP IN HAITI  Text HAITI to 90999 right now.
TheAmericanRedCross.
musicbizTODAY
Ya my NLCS champ prediction was so wrong.
Rangers will whoop the Cards with out a doubt
No seriously, you really DO give love a bad name!
ah, we wish!
working all weekend on finishing up monday's issue.
rain check!
you know what Oo but are you really considering a yummy tat?
:popcorn:
dude i would mountain dew you forever x' ahaha if i ever got that shirt lol
thx for advice!
I hate to walk away from good cust srv but I do have a budget.
Really?
I had not heard, who confirmed that one?
I knew it was a rumor but I kind of thought it was just that.
:
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience
On My Life!
You bet Reide.
Let me know whenever I can help w your career.
And congrats to dad on his election to the Intl.
Hockey HOF.
get a life
Woops just saw your other tweet about 1o.
That's fine I'm gonna take a nap anyway.
I'm up 2 late reading
Rangers and veal parm wit ziti for a birthday dinner  so much win
For a while now you have been the Bane of my existence.
Where is my Dark Knight and salvation?
Anarchy, My Dear.
Baby's in Florida, and I'm stuck here in boring ass Maine!
D;
Josh Hamilton baby!!!
im off school tomarrow and friday, and i have basketball practice for the next 3 days!: what are YOU doing this weekend?3
I'm totally camped out on my back porch.
Puppy curled up next to me.
Should I go see that Charlotte Gainsbourg biopic or Date Night 3D this friday?
Decisions...decisions...
Foggy Mountain Breakdown.
Next Ray of Light by Madonna then Let Forever Be by Chemical Brothers.
Maybe then Peaches en Regalia by Zappa.
hey, i'm from belgium, living here in L.A.
So fun to meat new people.
How are u ?
Oh yeah, when I lived in Rhode Island McLobster was standard :
It's a good day for and the Garden State: new dates announced and runs into a burning building
NOBODY can hold me back from my doctorams
My mom said I should appologize.
Im sorry that your so ugly, have no friends, are so bitter, so narsasistic, and have no one on your side.
Man jailed for doctorving car at referee in European Soccer game
Just wait ...
that Someone will come to You : , Dont Rush it ..
can i be yours forever?
Singing of / clapping during the national anthem  best part of the Blackhawks game
I better get my ass in gear if I'm gonna get anything done before thebachelorette comes on tonight
Looks great as it's a cousin to the hot dog.
haha
did a man rank that?
Other rankings say a college educated minority woman in Md most likely to die in childbirth.
haha like if he was so so hot xD jk
Want to stay up to date with the latest herbal information?
Follow our Twitter feed today!
I want to download and archive my current data.
Is there a simple option to make that possible?
Search is limited.
and getting some love from at
did I see Michael Redd on the bench in street clothes?
Did we resign him?
Just found out one of our customers has filed for bankruptcy and we will be out 10K.
Assholes.
All I have to say about NCIS TillDeathDoUsPart is Omg I'm still hawking my eyes out and now we have to wait three months
Catch RADIO MEMPHIS on GOOD MORNING MEMPHIS FOX 13 while we hang with TOM DEES on Friday morning AUG 12th!!
JOIN the REVOLUTION!!!
just got a nose bleed.
TPaw calls Obama chicken?
Really?
Liar, douchebag, hypocrite, TPaw thinks Social Security is the problem.
Bastard!
KMVTTV in Idaho does a great piece on our work.
Received word that my brotherinlaw on the big island of Hawaii is OK.
His house is not too far from the shore.
He is on far side.
Watching Thelma and Louise!
The obvious question no one is asking: If OBL was resisting, what exactly was he resisting?
Arrest?
oh my, my thoughts are with your mom.
: I'm sorry she's not doing well.
fire ass times yo
Just did!
Thanks!
Watching good luck Charlie :
Strength is looking back and seeing what you have been through and knowing you were strong enough to make it through.
This is all kinds of awesome.
Thanks for the kind note, Jaci.
Appreciate it enormously.
oh I have to say Corbin here : whuddup?
Are you ok love?
Patron, Mexican food, fight ordered 
Sitting in the parking lot waiting to pick up my boyfriend from work is beyond annoying
Way to harsh my mellow, man.
get better soon man...
Can't wait to see you back on the court again!
I really appreciated that post.
Thanks, Adoctoran.
don't forget Hartford and Vassar to!
Super Jam.
Outside gazing at the Super Moon
Too funny.
I'll keep my derisive puppeteer humor to a minimum from now on!
Order sent to Kari in CA!
6.
Programmable thermostats, which allow the temp to automatically rise during the day when no1 is home, can lead to annual savings of 30.
no, i live in san diego :
Yeah.
It's definitely a tasty treat.
Seeing Tee Martin in his UK gear during his interview for TheBrady6 really gets to me.
Gonna miss the guy.
Day 1: not have to wake up at 4am, shop at , walk my dogs around Hancock Park in the beautiful sun, continue my book....
What happened to Xavier?
Are the still Zipping em up??
true.
Still missed it.
Thanks.
Tough last 23 miles.
Improvement over last time though.
Another one next month.
ew .
I cut my hair  i look TERRIBLE !!
The Jenster3
: We should call him RJHollywood
I feel like I need to reiterate just how much I can't stand the Red Hot Chili Peppers
you know it buddy  you can thank Clay Mathews for knocking out Kolb in last years opener, opening the door for Vick.
Download the ebook to learn how wordofmouth marketing has evolved online and how you can use these changes to your advantage
God, I hate people.
I really do.
We're lost.
I've heard this many times in the last 2 days..
fine good : i miss u
Beginning November 18, Escovedo will play a trio of nights at the Rubin Museum in New York City, where he'll perform songs from his first
Simple things in life are the best rest, home cooking, and of course a little Housewives of ATL!
Fuxcck Yo Words , That Shit Don't Even Mean 2 Cents To Me ;
my boy is playing
Washington Capitals!
lol
One minute after landing at DFW run into a surely worker.
Not in Milwaukee anymore!
Everyone friendly at
I'll have to play the night version.
Working in the morning.
It was fun!
Thanks!
Somewhere in the middle of Queens plaza's traffic lies a pair of millstones from one of the first farms in Queens.
Tell us if you find them!
Peter Nowak 03/12/2012 Philadelphia Union manager Peter Nowak talks about his team's 31 loss to the Portland Timbers at JELDWEN Field o
You're original, cannot be replaced
you'll be fine.
doctornk more.
You know me...so well.
Completely inspired yetagain by the presentation tonight at the !
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
Henry Ford
some parents are out of control a law should be pass not allowin just anyone to have childoctorn without being certified competent or sterilize
tastemakersks Hey hey, i cant wait to share!
Hey, I have a random question for ya.
If you had to relive the past year of your life, what would you change and why?
:
AT gtr.
maker Steve Connor's playing new guitars and some old one too!
yesterday The guy keeps amazing me!
Looked at wood for new guitars!
hey, at least they're not asking for Cpound
This is weird for me because I literally never get talked to or harassed on the street by men otherwise.
I hate it when I can't complete an important project.
Does anyone know if ebay sells individual legos?
that looks tasty.
I'm working a Belgian tripel and a blueberry mead at the moment
I have a question, is the Napoleon Dynamite series ever returning?
I love pears so much, I think I want to marry them.
Would that be considered polygamy?
'Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition  they somehow already know what you truly want to become.' Steve Jobs
Happy Monday.
That is all.
Saw it in Cleveland on tues!!
One big dance party!
Exciting news!
Always great to see in person
Same to you Fabe
New Chelsea  Violet doctorsses at in North Olmsted!
Navy lace and pretty little hearts I'm in love with the sweet details!
do these genes effect parathyroid?
kidneys?
where are the changes taking place...
Respectfully Yours, MM
Sitting on the porch, doctornking coffee, eating frosted flakes and enjoying the weather.
Nice last day in Kentucky
Have a fabulous time!!
I will try to do the same even though you are not going to be there.
Who is replacement Jamie?
this one might be different perhaps.
do you have any contacts?
i know of wobble and vital sign.
what is the third?
Will it live up to the awesomeness of the others?
Thanks for the recommendations!
New workout.
Kicking my butt...just what I needed.
heartpounding woo!
OKC in 7 with Ron Artest and J.
Harden as the XFactors
Got a new work out for yall deadlift burpies n a push up do 20 in a row n u will feel it lol
will do buddy.
Good luck on your finals
That's great to hear!
We'd love to hear how it goes!
How are you using it?
Hahaha!
I haven't talked to her all week.
I guess I have too eventually.
we received a cease and desist for using the word Madness.
We are working to change the name and get the page back up ASAP
at least you don't eat your own bowel movements..
Atleast she had respect for his girl other then that Britt girl
Do what you could, with what you have, where you are.
Happy for SFGiants Sandoval's streak but he and Mays in the same sentence just does not sound right.
hell yea
I'm down in Miami for the Billboard events.
You shooting dwn here anytime soon?
Thanks for reading the RT.
I hope it is beneficial for you and your Marketing and PR Firm.
i really dislike that has been outnumbered
Been booked forever!
Can't wait!
unpopularopinion I find South Park to be incredibly stupid.
I can't believe I'm stuck watching this true jackson vp when I should be watching Penguins of Madagascar :/
Amen to that!!!
RT : Ladies start giving yourselves a little more credit!!
Bruce Willis and Mos Def did it..
I think you can too.
Gosh, I really need to tweet more often from feed...
g.c.
Beyond irritated!
Off this shit for a while..
SUCCESS is NEVER achieved without a cost...and the FINAL PAYMENT is GRATITUDE!
I'm craving a great adventure.
lick a goat
Used to be a Louisiana restaurant in Albuquerque that advertised it's a party in your mouth!
Should i get Black or white sparkly toms ?
:o
The national anthem too?!?
I have never seen a second of Glee and she is not giving me a reason too.
I can stay hard hours after I cum.Its not as cool as it sounds.Its really quite painful.i told u2only take 1/2 the Viagra
I can't freaking wait until this morning is over.....
sodone with this ap class 
oh sexy sexy.
What?
Just got word the concert I'm attending tonight doesn't start until 9pm, with two opening acts.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Herm Albright
separated from the art after the reception phase, as we write art history.
is that when the art get's washed of the money?
RT How are YOU all doing right now at this very moment?
cracking up watching Who's the Boss!!
How would you describe an experience for a fan at a FCW show?
Okay, So Andoctor From Victorious Is Fine As Hell.
HE CAN GET IT!
Just back from Zulu Lounging as a Marionette and done packing...
2.5 hours sleep now or go to LAX  sleep there.
Ahh the possibilities...
i love mine!
always travel with it.
If you'd like, stop by the concierge today and we can arrange a taxi pick up for you in the morning.
McNulty to LPR2011  repeal of collective bargaining for state employees will die in CO senate due to partisanship.
I love it when i have to struggle to breathe, thanks allergies.
Whats good fam, hope all is well..
:
A brand new series from Tyler Perry on TBS?
If that's not false advertising I don't know what is.
I really hope to see victory chicken in my future.
Do they just play slap and tickle??
Bed time,
I wanna go
: Scorpio's are so unforgiving when they get hurt and will ensure that they hurt you 10x more.this haha
good mornin...
Just wanted to tell u I think your pic is sexy as fuck
RT : The Union Station is not participating in World Free Cone Day.
Clearly, this location is run by the Taliban.
What is APR?
Call bad bitch teller lets go hang
thanks girl:
lmfao i just noticed ;
LOVED it!
Can't wait to learn more bout your firm, offerings, etc.
I had a good weekend.Won our meet friday.Hung out with my besties yesterday.
today goin shopping with my dad ;
Dexter is an amazing show!
I came across the same dilemma after finishing season 2.
You gotta get the DVD's in the mail!
for getting my mama stuff off the top shelf  that's about it lol
Love the quote and the visual it creates  we have the power but do we use it?
Dont let up in ur club house.Brew Crew Only!
RT : right on!
I don't work this weekend so I can stop by and you could show me some stuff bro  no homo?
Oh got ya...so the ballet class was for the kid?
I was thinking that was YOUR ballet class haha!
Have a Happy Easter!
The greatest friend you can have is Jesus .
Don't tell student what's appropriate, have them tell you.
Let them think for God's sake.
I see friend!
Keep following
Falling deeper and deeper
You got it!
I did I did!!
And tomorrow when I can't walk...
I'll know ;
does want!
Do you believe in professorssional and friendly relations simultaneously?
follow me!.
:
Great opening montage at CBS.
lmao i do tht all the time!!!
Weird I'm BFFs with myself.
ROFL!
XD
I've low tolerance for everything, including low tolerance.
ruby rails jobs job  Why not do some window shopping for a new RoR job.
Send your confidential resume to
Haha!
Yep that was it.
Means a lot to me.
Thanks.
Maybe Clint can do a commercial for those GE employees when their plant closes.
I on the other hand am a wuss.....
May prosperity be yours now and forever!
December 24th, 9 PM, Eastern Standard Time, From here on in, I shoot without a script, See if anything comes of it...
Instead of my old shit

its a ghost chasing mee lol....
Paranormal state funny!
HEY JACOB!!!
pay attention too Atlanta.
youu live here!
This is the BEST Packers game ever!!!
Okay fine Ill go to bed now
Have had a serious case of the blahs this week.
Finally back on track!
Civil engineering design teams working in Edinburgh, Southampton, lincolnshire, Worcester and London  the MT bus is all over the UK!
Lol  KG.
Glad the ref called that.
SCRATCH THAT, MORE THAN THIS MUSIC VIDEO TOMORROW!!!!
Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes.
Chinese Proverb
Do I be a good girlfriend and wait...or just go for it?
Season 2
More college basketball action on tap tonight.
Some very good games.
Can UCLA upset 7 Villanova?
I don' t ever get to talk to you guys anymore.
Hope you're doing well!!
Going to lunch means I gotta put my other shoe on.
NBC picked up Up All Night for a full season.
It's a great place to work every day!
I'm calling the Twitter police.
Looks like ur stealing people's tweets!!You can't RT and not say who retweeted it!!
LOL
nmsplc nms30 we need to provide our standards as ingredients and all the students the power to create the final product
TwSIG Twitter is community centric.
Community is developing.
Building community.
Important part about being in real time helps.
Do Women Really Make Better Car Choices Than Men?
DailyFinance
Thanks Jocelyn.
I feel fancy.
LOL!
which one?
Happy to hear it, Katherine!
Your kind words are appreciated.
Reach out to us whenever you may need.
And until then,
not doing anything that awesome!
Lol.
Stuck at work.
I know.
We're never on here.
Usually on Facebook.
I really found books by to be super helpful when starting out.
I still refer to many of the today!
actors, learn to say 'yes'.
is funny as fuck.
Period.
Follow this hysterical shit  laughallday !!
aw thanks 33
TURTLES!
Go help get some more followers!
PfefferFeff Had Great Time game tonite with and some Mandi girl.
Brewers lose 61 and fall to 1217 on the year.
Estrada gets the loss.
we got plenty of time for another one, maybe two.
If they could avoid the week ends though, I would appreciate !
Is it sad that I just watched Tuesday's episode of The View on Hulu?
I can sure waste a day.

Apple bans cellphone radiation detection app from 39;App Store ...
You not sleep yet?
If the Malice at the Palace happened today Skip Bayless, Stephen A.
Smith, and would have the 1st circle jerk on live TV.
waaaaah, I forgot my music homework at my locker , I was supposed to do 3 worksheets and an essay fml /3
I sent him a message.
hopefully he'll see it.
Jason: oh i see ur playing hard 2 get, I DIG THAT Me: .
FRANK theres someone id like u 2 meet!
J: :o
Hey Jason...It's Kimberly King at CBS/KFMB TV....Hope ur well!
Would luv to bump in with ur new music on our AM show.
Need OK!
Many a man in love with a dimple makes a mistake of marrying the whole girl  Stephen Leacock
Hey ..
RT : Phil tell Heller if he retweets anymore country garbage I am unfollowing lol
that's a mirror, Holmes
IF I HAD A DOLLAR FOR EVER TIME I NEEDED A DOLLAR , I WOULDNT NEED A DOLLAR
Dear Friends, it has been nice knowing you.
Tonight, I go to a place I am needed more.
Where doctorgons roam.
Tonight, I am Dovahkiin
Thanks for making me believe in my self And to say never say never!
I love you ;
whatever place that works best for you sir
Love is Love i love my love my love is u so i love u :D
Imma big fan!!!
Can you PLEASE follow me back??
Shout out to our 1000th follower here at LatestHiphop!!
Thanks for all the support once again guys, REALLY appreciated..
thank you!!
I feel like maybe the rain is about to let up I hope so cuz it had been a dark cloud over me lately smh
i have like twitter rampages at like 3am every night...
that's what happens when you don't sleep like a normal person..
just realized you guys are GoldCoastFinest and GoldCoastsFamily!!:
More upsets for !!
Loving Michigan falling to Ohio University!
shit, I'm a man with proud, you don't do shit like that.
I was jus fin them girls, I was gone get right back!
Italian pizza that this is really disgusting, but in a few years go to live in los angeles 3 3
won't you load photos from doctorwrysbluff.
There's some good stuff here!
The website keeps getting better  better!
Check che check che check che check it out!
i ask u a motherfucking question bitch answwr me
It's my Friday and we have another busy weekend ahead of us.
Can't wait for Sunday...
At the mall looking at the terrified childoctorn forced to encounter this thing called Easter Bunny.
i meanyeah.
it ca be like a triabl meeting only we're a country.
did thth make sense?
RT : The Lobos are the only football team in the conference without a game on the Mountain West television schedule.
There are also privacy issues when teacher/student communication is visible to all.
Love it, Wendy.
Did I ever tell you I used to make dioramas of my doctoram life?
I wish I still had them...
If Blake can ever get a consistent jumpshot.
Man.
Yay Woody Allen!!!
Beautiful screenplay oscars.
I'll be sitting on my steps at midnight hoping that happens to me
Aw, snap!
The 2nd amendment makes the Super Bowl and it wasn't an NRA ad!
Who would have predicted that?!
You need to mind your own business.
no...just took a bite...lol..
Hey girl!
how's Mom day going for ya?
Two days til !
Ratting my hair now.
Hope I finish!!
mugshots.
Nice!
Papa's Got a Brand New Bag
hey justin i loved your wax twin he is hott just like u the muesum did a awesome job on your twin !!
love u have fun on tour
singing all your favorites right now at Amber!
;
Very excited about the house show in Cleveland tonight.
np Summer Breeze by
OMG do you have an ooVoo ?
RT : iste11 Get together w/ friends  take the Liberty Trail Evening Tour Mon or Tues nights after a day of amazing sessions!
Ah, shucks.
RT For updates on his amazing party photos, appearances, and other tidbits, follow my good friend
Whats some funny pick up lines you've heard before?
tell him I said thank u!
Sunshine  a convertible  
no really thank you!
Lightning talk: Kelly  State Museum of Archaeology.
Planning Warof1812 events.
Cell phone audio tour created with a class.
how I envy you.
We send our condolences for your loss.
Fl.
Harold was a great brother of Groove Phi Groove.
so tommorow morning im getting jamba juice, it should be a good day :
An episode of Dean's List was filmed on campus on March 14.
It airs today at noon.
We'll post a link to the video when it's available.
MahoneOnEllen is trending worldwide!!
Please consider having on your show :
did u get that treatment i sent you
Then my husband woke up, which woke up our record player, which woke up an animal collective album, which made the dog howl...
If you can make a girl laugh  you can make her do anything.
Marilyn Monroe
I hate you
Colby Gottert: the big picture is that the world needs more world citizens
So you were the 1729th person to want a mathteacher handle or were your born in 1729?
:
RT : We've partnered up with to host the Wild  Scenic Film Fest 4.19.
Proceeds go to
Wow, my inbox is already flooded with blessings about the Big DIG!
Thank you for your continual prayers and support.
i get it.
i think security is false though.
inhibits trust and elevates collective paranoia.
Pardon the swag.
Weezy!
yo man I loved the video!
Such a great concept too
Good Morning!!
How's your day today????
Thanks!
Glad to see organizations like this!
Hmm futurecollegeclass...
basically any of the classes my dad is inventing.
They don't make sense to me.
Got school today:/ Christmas break needs too hurry and be here already.
same jus got a lil headache doe but its nothin
I can't remember I could ask my cousin when he wakes up I was very young when I went last :
When are you coming to Buzzcut country?
Happy April Fool's Day!!!
Happy in my skin!
Love yourself and others will too.
RT : If at first you don't succeed, try, try again
Finally heard Charles Fambrough The Charmer this morning, brought back memories of hearing Perrillo's trio every week.
Dots connecting...
One of the classics of all time
By summer they stopped running NewOrleans weekly and left Treme for UNO in Lakefront.
JYD left for WWF.
Happy National Taco Day!
Must resist..
Inappropriate..
Joke problem with social media and followers I admire.
I don't want to be THAT guy.
you won't write a great one without writing a bad one, so write as much and as many as possible.
Retarded means being Slow or Limited in Intellectual or Emotional Development !
If u don't like being called this word, STOP ACTN LIKE IT !
Thanks for the follow
and tomorrow is going to be a long day.
site launch.
ah times 1000.
I'm betting we wont see buter in a long time
Here is an example of a tweet!
Texas has legislative maps and a set primary date?
Somebody wake me up...
aww cause Im with my friend,we're doctorving and I saw your car d:
Omg, impracticaljokers.
Best thing ever.
Seymour's Dakota Oskey of the Blaze can do a bit of everything.
Very impressive player.
RT : Oh, you love your girlfriend?
Please, saturate my Facebook news feed with your feelings.
Life is simple, its just not easy.
Author Unknown
now accepting proposals for sound art installations by female artists.
Spread the word!
Wake up, Mitt.
RT : Romney responds to Obama's announcement: I believe marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman.
On a mission to prove my intuition.It's poker night!
Come on AA KK QQ JJ...
OMGOMGOMGOMG THEY HAD A ONE DIRECTION CLUE ON JEOPARDY.
Just found out Im going to be a manager of New Business and Innovation  one of the TOP companies in the WORLD.
GOD is AMAZING
Contest: Write a review for Kenichi on either our Yelp or Google page  in a tweet, link it to Winner gets a 50 gift card!
iPod at 5 at 5 am seems like a good reason to finally stop printing.
Quiet night tonight.
Anyone have a suggestion for a movie?
: Tip for a Cancer: Find ways to take care of yourself.
You'll be happier if you put yourself first.
classic : my favorite is the undertakers thirst for revenge is unquenchable
My buddy got us our studio equipment, said he got a 5 finger discount.
I've been highfiving cashiers since.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH for going to Haiti to help after the earthquake.
Hats off to Teamisterbicon!!
:
As you know, you come into a film as a different person with the separation of a few years.
I'm reading a book called How Fiction Works
Seriously don't wanna go to school today..
Too much bullshit /: ughh kill me now /3
cool no worries keep me posted.
i got some more girls in chicago not sure how crazy you want to get .
it should be fun!
hope everything goes okay
Good luck to our brothers in Madison!
RT: : T minus 30 minutes till softball game 2..
We got this.
Fletcher Cox ability to penetrate quickly and also take on multiple blockers makes him ideal for Eagles 43 d line.
Dont let me get in my zone, dont let me get in my zone, dont let me get in my zone!Im so bored yet i have 60 pages of history to study.
Mooning people on the bus!!!
Nice job Jess!!:
so the big question is, who do you guys think will get picked first tonight?
I really can't do much about this, can I?
Tonight!
Earplane : LATIN  BRAZILIAN JAZZ 8:00PM Peter Kienle  Guitar Tom Clark  Sax Neil Heidler  Bass Lawrence Clark  doctorms
Tebow as punt protector..
10 Things I Hate About You , You're so fucking lame .
and I'll remember u most of all scarecrow!
Just munched a 'Pink egg' road goodie worth 2 points!
Almost makes me want to join ALA.
Congrats to both of you.
Wanna talk about true klout?
Traffic from a 2yr old post about converts at TWICE the avg for refer traffic.
My sis was in that hospital most of her childhood.
Good of you to give back.
Pls let me know if i can help fundoctorise next year.
I don't wanna go to school 
I just want something real..plain and simple!
Today's dessert for fine dining, cheesecake with strawberries and strawberry sorbet
Thanks...enjoy the sunny weekend!
Guys.
For 8 flavahz and Angel, we should trend RIPMamaGibs for TT
It's addicting living a fast life knowing you can't slow down...
When do you graduate?
I want my 4sq mayorship back.
Bad, Badger, bad!
Read one of my older articles today, and I think my writing's taken a step back in the past month or so.
Need to find a way to bounce back.
Paul van Dyk's new album Evolution is so beautiful, it makes me want to cry.
He far surpasses previous albums w/ this one
How would the candidates deal with Iran or NK?
Let's start with being able to find them both on a map.
Follow me!
I will follow back!
OWS scum wants everyone to walk off their jobs tomorrow to celebrate communist day.
GO FUCK YOURSELVES YOU VERMIN.
I hope the cops hurt you
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Hahahah thanks brad that's funny lol you clearly do too!
hell even Reggie had one or two
that sounds great.
I would love to hear more about your work and share my research plan with you.
Interested in a skype chat?
lmao.
Why would you do it?
And what color would you get?
I listened to previews of some songs of yours on iTunes most of your songs r pretty gud but sound auto tuned
RT : RT : Buy beer...
RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME.
What can't this kid do?
once you figure out the rules to Twitter, please let me know.
Sometimes it feels like the Wild West around here.
Komen set Atlanta race dates.
Has the national controversy with Planned Parenthood affected your decision to run?
Countdown to march madness.
YES
they usually accuse me of overthinking too.
So ur in good company
lmfao my dad is a caps fan  has already accepted defeat
always have a party on the Bamboo Deck!
Happy hour rpices until 9:00 pm....see you there!
Wish I could sleep, insomnia sucks.
Worthwhile question just posed on the site: Which bottomfour seeded team has best chance to win the Cup?
this dude fine as hell i hope that ugly ass aint his gf!
I follow my doctorams cause what else is there to chase?
Pleasure to add you to my PLN and Twitter list!
I anticipate joining ISTE very soon.
Outstanding organization!!
I'll be on Sports Plus on and at 11:35pm tomorrow to talk about the end of the Caps season and where they go from here
The Beaver is split down the middle.
Imagine that.......
:p
IGetJealousOf all the cute gay boys.
In the Air Tonight by Phil Collins playing at TD Garden.
My favorite song to get ready for a game.
Ghost Protocol is the best action movie I've seen in years.
I'm not even kidding.
Hey how did the Patient Pooches event go today?
We are so hopeful for Handsome and friends :
I moved to a new state my sophmore year.
Thats fucked up!
Thank you!!
OMG.....
JFDHSDFHKFHIUERYW NO ITS NOT THAT...
LMFAO EVEN BETTER O STFU
Ha that complicates things.
If you can't get into acct.
to delete it, tweet and say it's fake.
There are many benefits to becoming a Partner of the Tarpon Springs Chamber of Commerce!
Life is sweet  discovered hot lone werewolf and the best cupcakery coming to my hood
Take a picture of the screen to quickly save anything that is being shared on the screen
Thank you sir!
RT : the shoes are feeling mighty fine to cruise in!
she seems a bit nutty.
I am stoked for the sorting out in the next 3 stages of the tdf Go !
: I didn't really iron my argyle.
And, scene.
Why would Catwoman want all that long, loose hair down her back?
That's about as unpractical as nipples on a Bat suit.
Whenever Niall wears sweatpants he looks super attractive.
thx for coming by!!
very proud of ...
I checked and no midnight tweets : glad you got some rest
I ate strawberries with my breakfast today.
If you know me, you know how out of place this is.
Dave Wyndorf of Monster Magnet will be a nearfuture guest on BestShowWFMU after the marathon shows, but give give give to TomThon !!
Not looking forward to what Microsoft will bring to Skype.
More likely, they will bring higher prices and make unhappy customers.
How are Yahll ?: think I can get the mahone crew to follow me on here ?
Happy Mother's Day!
: : Miami,Boston, Chicago and New York have you dominated yes there also fills with dick heads
or new spec sales?
RT : Christmas is a week away and it doesn't even feel like it
You want a killer hillbilly, I'll show you a killer hillbilly
awe ur welcome sis im glad all is well ; I love u sis....!
Just making sure ur okay.
Everybody want to be the star and Jealousy's a bitch.
Vitamin Water X: has always tasted like makeup.
This is why I doctornk it.
marionbarry Has no solutions, just plays the blame game.
I can't wait for this semester to be over.
Only 3 more classes left of my undergraduate degree after these finals this week.
Our hours may be different, but our service is still the same!
Come See Us!!
Open Till 7!!
3 
Got yelled at in the library for being too loud with
Did any of u guys have any doctorams before they were crushed??
New show added for tomorrow.
We play the Norco Fair at 3pm.
Hope to see you all there.
look again baby girl did
Saved the best for last?
We like riding bikes in PDX too!
Exercise injuries can be prevented through chiropractic care.
Come visit us in the NW!
I'm so lost right now
I think if he didn't try to hide it with that headband no one would care
Thanks for the FF!
One exam down, one more to go.
Really Miami Heat....Really?
Is XM really worth the money?
up to hear the birds chirping.
beat the owls.
mission complete.
ah i love eating there, top 3 favorite restaurants ever for me
It's amazing how much time it takes to write a oneword advertisement.

hey please follow me your biggest fan :
State of Play starts off so strong but nosedives 35 min in.
How disappointing.
I can't express how good it makes me feel when I take a song I wrote a long time ago, and apply it to my life today and it still feels real
Its actually somewhat nice out?
What?!?
ok, I think I can find it
I like AJ Jefferson but he has lost his confidence since the Ravens game.
Can this true blue fan from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday?
Enjoy all your tweetsBest Wishes!!!
Things are going great!
About ten new tunes put down with Jamie and the boys.
YES!!!
life is crazy but its how u deal with it....
'I Hate My Face' is trending.
ahahahahhaaaa.
Yupp!!
I'm all for Elise :
Great.
now Im starting to get the spam
You came to my life from heaven and now I think of u 247
Strapless bras 
it was nice except being surrounded by steeler fans everywhere!
Moms told me to quit my job because iam getting fucked moma knows best
yep trying to throw down in lexvegas with me?
Lol
wow congrats guys!!
Happy Birthday amigo!
Too upset
do it!
Try something new.
She on a dopeman dick cause imma nigga with a sack
i don't know then.
The more I fall in love with Jesus, the more I'm overwhelmed by His presence.
followed :D
When life gives you lemons, make grape juice.
Then sit back and let the world wonder how you did it
Shoot Me Now.
Real talk.
Sleep is for undergrads...
That's one of the reasons why I'm still stalling on having a gf I just can't deal with the stress with other niggas again comin in between
Buses are too slow need a car
i enjoyed the video, i hope you do bar mitzvahs
Best clam chowder in town!!!!
RT : Cancer's are great listeners and advisers, even when people get tired of listening to them whine.
says that littering is the first sign of depression
There's always that one person, no matter how long it's been or how things ended, they will always have your .
ifidiedtommorow id fly to Australia to swim with great white sharks
Think I'll head down to Join me there if you like!
And you have a new baby girl?
Pickles taste electric
: HR 2366, Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act, reduces deficit and increases personal liberty.
Please support!
BLOCK: Speaker requested agenda item at 2day's CSU Trustee mtg 2 revu campus climate policies 2 keep students safe and limit hateful acts.
OH: What's your Twitter handle?
Hm...that's a good question; I haven't talked to anyone in the real world in a while; I'm not sure...
On the way to new york!!!!!
Yes, they do have a mind of their own!
Sometimes I feel like my mom doesn't care though.
You and I.
You, you and I.
I'd rather die, without you and I, I, I.
stop talking shit on twitter before I beat yo ass with a hashtag.
YOU'RE NOT ON FIRE CALM DOWN
Shallow hall is on.
Love this movie!!!
Epic hat bro.
Shopped at KellersFarmStore in ABQ  cant believe I just spent 16 on Buffalo Brats  Buns.
Just couldnt afford the bag of chips  doctornks.
Lovee Mexican food !
Survive and Advance.
On to St.
Louis...
What's for lunch?
Get out to Label 7 today!
Yes!
We are OPEN!
Perfect place to RELAX!
Amen, sister!
Are you a Senior looking to move to Mass after graduation?
Come hear on making the move  Classroom Bldg 205 today at 6pm!
Do buses and trains run on time?
Usually, yes.
No, they don't.
Buses run on wheels and trains run on the tracks.
straight mans expectations.
lets be real.
hahaaa yep tropical Meth and ur famous coke cake
Good Morning 
Nintendo WORLD?
O
Question for Rebecca: Do you have a plan for making new members feel more connected and welcome?
I could have tons of notebooks about everyone I know,and who they really are...
Thanks We're grateful for your support!
At rehearsals
wise move.
All the info is avail to support you
why would you even...?
pretty lame.
I've reported you for spam.
It's official!
We broke the snow record.
Most snow in Anchorage in recorded history.
Thanks for the Follow, Walk The Walk Sounds like something I'm going to have to Pick Up!!
I'm watching you right now
couldn't be more true....
Reviewing content for our new site.
Holy canoli we're on to something here folks.
Cannot wait to get this live.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your inspiration with others.Robert Louis Stevenson
So jealous!
Have fun!
ahh ok.
i'm all antsy pants.
I have my fb chat on too
Excited to film 2 shows tomorrow conserving all my energy for them!
WHAT????
The Colts are taking Luck???
it's still in one piece
Shawn still stuck in 2011 postseason it looks like
I know right!
I really want a white christmas!
: What you've been through is a great indication of who you're called to be.
I think I may have broken the TV remote when I threw it last night.
16: You are pretty!
We should defffinatley talk more :
i have a million things i wanna say but probably shouldnt
Just checking to see how the book marketing is going?
Since I'm a week behind, I saw you had some interest from agent?
CEO throwing out 1st pitch at Cubs game today...What, no invite for us?
I'll just enjoy an Old Style while watching the game on TV!
I should record an album all dedicated to Mario...i will post a few songs
Oddly silent during Sizemore's talk.
Were you insulted by the reference to your coneshaped head?
;
big office moving day.
moving forces me to throw stuff away.
not enough, but it is a good start.
Shooting fed story in the rain
If white would die the UFC and Pride would explode with popularity
Yum!!
RT : Can't wait to catch up with at HungryCat  Meow
The girl who sits by me in Chemistry is so annoying.
I might strangle her if she doesn't shut the hell up.
oh for sure.....you going to shaggfest right?
You guys are amazing!
Where are your American counterparts?
Seriously.
I'm looking for them.
Don't make me put you in a headlock..
Have you heard of Movember?
jordan farmar, a good energy bench player
just finished up recording the vocals for no more shadows
love you, praying with you.
The best is yet to come!
guys with long fingernails 
Where df is :O
Checking out the Social Media Communication Forum at ACC.
Is the social media bubble about to burst?
Asks at
i no wen a compliment is well deserved
HOT POCKET
RT : Hamburger, Bacon, premium blend with the typical amount of mozz...
Hello to my new followers!
Any fun plans for the weekend?
Happy birthday, author  friend!
Favorite birthday memory?
Hey guess what!!
It's not raining in Madison anymore...it's snowing.
I don't think these seats can handle my booty earhtquake!!
just called a nigga by mistake  left a 2 min voicemail.
Got an iTunes card....cant read it...yay!
Love that song!
It's so amazing.
kilowatts of excitement generated by the girls' camp today; our goal: sustainable inquirydoctorven energy : codeimmediate feedback
Why do I always fall asleep soo early?!/:
I've decided that I really need a mentor.
Now taking applications.
I like plan A way more than Plan B
Back in LA 3 auditions today and some Adoctorwork on a commercial
wondering if we need to strategize posting, etc...
tweets r too short :
QoTD: Tell me what company you keep and I'll tell you what you are.
Really?
Very cool!!
That's such a great movie, I haven't seen it in ages, though.
AIR AND SEA SHOW TIME YEAH BUDDY!
Crap.
I've avoided getting HBO this long.
But I just saw the trailer for The Newsroom.
It's going to be Joss Whedon next, isn't it?
yes, sitting at a CTA warming bus.
I am on the 5thfloor and you could smell the smoke when we got out : You ok?
It shouldn't be used as tool to slaughter
A1.pt2 I wouldn't change it for the world now, I love supporting artist!
I blame
Were looking forward to your tweets!
How was your weekend?
They treated me like a kingthey have a great basketball program here, Wiggins told NPH.
Congrats to the UWLa Crosse women's and men's track and field teams for taking home the WIAC title.
It's my first time!
I'm a little too excited.
What is your favorite petrelated tshirt saying?
Thanks for sharing the post!
Turkey went great!
He loved it.
Thank you for asking!!
You still can't shut your whore mouth can you?
I guess your vagina was flapping so loud you couldn't hear us telling you to fuck off.
RT : This whole week/weekend was so different, i loved it.
: Thanks :
Its a little too windy for my liking
SVU was creepier than usual this week.
Happy Mother's Day!
Anger is the wind that blows out the candle of the mind
HAPPYBIRTHDAYMICHEAL I love you
Why is the local news reporting on a Florida otter attack that neither frightened nor severely injured the victim?!
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity.
Albert Einstein
gots doctorving swag thought you didnt have a license?
A little 2k12
Ha.
Good point RT Lyes8086Anyone else find a coincidence that the only tm in the NFL w/ a jail in house would sign Vick?
Somewhere outside of town.
It's free :
Chico Mendes, Gandhi of the Amazon, who made the connection between the cry of the poor and the cry of the earth.
Killed 12/22/88
how bout a rescue?
It was wonderful wasn't!
And it has my gal crush in it too!
x
Um flamming hot cheetos sound fricken amazing right now...
I don't think anyone should hold their breath.
that would be sweet to watch the beach boys!
How much are tickets??
everyone i know is trying to shop on it's bonkers.
no one is succeeding.
We are the Super Bowl car commercial that lasts all year long.
Sometimes my weiner has a mind of it's own.
I hope it doesn't hack my twitter account and send out head shots to random girls.
Got a terrible triad on MoRivera?
complications in his exam today.
Could be a career ender.
vote for me on MSG Varsity Talent Show!!
channel 14 at 6:00 Sun.
on MAY 1ST!
is that a piper 140?
Dude ,that avitar is fucking CLASSIC
Fit Fact: doctornk your vegetables!
Grab a v8 and get a daily dose of veggies in with a doctornk!
It's official ..
I hate my life!
RHCP Jam With Slash, Ron Wood, George Clinton and Green Day Singer Recap
Where are the cute little rescued ducklings you're covering tonight?

Hello durrrr.
:P
my favorite!!
Coco pebbles pretty good also!!
Attended the Charleston Area Alliance's Speed Networking with the Stars  great event!
I've attended all three years and already looking fo
7 home games next year for bearcats football, thats like an ohio state kinda schedule.
It's Super Tuesday  what would you like to hear the candidates to talk about?
thanks for the RT!
hell yeah twitter is going to be so much fun now that you're back doll 3
Thanks for your thought provoking tweets.
You seem gorgeous inside and out!
I know, why don't we talk anymore?!
Grr
IfSnoopWasASteeler he wouldn't get fined for a big hit he would get fined for a huge hit of kush
dude don't get butt hurt cause I don't like you
doctornking beer in the bathtub.
Merry Christmas, muthafckas!
why has my sexuality been questioned so much lately?
wtffff.
RT Stop being afraid that u ain't gon have no friends when actuality, u may end up w/ better ones.
Cancers kill !!
needs to get better at normal on marvel vs capcom 3 so he can't complain when I beat his ass lol
This song is amazing : I love it!
you know that Nutella is lot higher in calories than people think.
Can we all say ....
PUPPIES!
WOW!!
Awesome time meeting everyone 'in person' at the C21GC tweetup!!!
People who can't hold a conversation.
SLA Wondering where the SLA Asian Chapter online social network presence is at...
RT Feed a doctoram.
Starve a doubt.
PLEASE LET ME LOVE YOU
night twitter :
asdfghjkl we get to creep him all day!
;
When the other person isnt there, sometimes we tend to make up their side of the conversation...
Which really isnt fair to either one of us.
Even the sun sets in paradise
awesome!
I hope you enjoy it.
Let me know what you think.
Radiologic Technology Online
Fuck you english, your the only thing keeping me from my inner peace!
SprinBreak'12 bitches
Cuomo says food is a basic human right.
New york is the progressive capital of the nation.
Man there's some Laker fans on Twitter that can't come to terms with what's happening in the OKC series!
justin bieber is still not following me:
congratulations!
Love this jubilant pic!
At the park!
Wow, a PoCo crit of the 10am hour on Cooking Channel would be a great topic for an undergrad media studies paper....
We would like to offer our assistance to your patients in need of prescription assistance.
Oh, good thing!
i will be sleeping while you guys are working, well, hopefully.
insomnia sucks
No one ever said it would be this hard
Real leaders view themselves as part of the team  they're simply role players who have a job to do...
JUST WATCHED YOUR BEHIND THE MUSIC I ADMIRE YOUR HARD WORK AND DEDICATION...
Condolences to you and your family from all of your friends at Fox 5 in Las Vegas.
Alternative: Pepino's!
RT :I need to marry a white boy with a Mexican family so i that they can make me a burrito everyday.
Auto Insurance Leads  how many years the prospect has been doctorving, and how much they are currently paying for car insurance.
Quote of the day: If I believed everything movies told me i'd be REALLY sad I didn't get a letter from hogwarts when I was 11
First day back and everyone is getting fratastic
Lesson of the day: It doesn't matter what hole you're fucking or being fucked in, just fuck!
bad girl!
sit.
stay!
;
: Stayin' up all night partyin' with  same
Ahaha chayla has us rocking out to the
Obama is faulted for changing his stance.
It's like gays who come out and are faulted for not having been honest.
Onward and upward, y'all.
When you single your obligated to do what ever the hell you want and say what you please .
So hop off my P !
Great crowd

I thought it was permanent.
I never get unsolicited calls at my number...
who will watch my band singing 1D what makes you you beautiful if we post it tonight
Thanks !
And same !
I tweeted RadioNow1009 on my personal a few weeks ago  told them to bring him back  he said its a ...
Went to Sedona yesterday with mom and dad.
We went on a Hummer tour and to one of Rachel Ray's picks on 40 A Day.
I do realize it may be the only way to get 3 forwards on the field instead of two but it doesnt look like a 433 but 451
No school for me today.....sick hate being sick!
The winos that we are!
Hahahaa...
dude are you watching the SM thing?!
So crazy!
DOING WHAT I HAVE TO DO TO GET WHAT I NEED DON
31 years old in 2 months!
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.
Ruth E.
Renkl
yes pick him!!!!
:D RT: : Pick me SMG :D I want to get BINGONIZED this FRI w/Bingoplayers I want to WIN
Better to lose a lover than love a loser.
is there a pubmedia theme tonight?
trying to decide if i should stick around
Our yearnings can be a compass guiding us to true fulfillment on our Adventure  if only we can learn to heed them.
they needed an American girl and I was it!!
Yay!
Hope you're having a great day
ALL things are possible through God!!
I'm Clean  Dope Like Heroin Soap
lol I'm done with you Alexis.
you'll be happy one day.
And I hope it's really soon.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Thanks for the tweet about the MJ tribute.
Interviewed BEP a couple of years ago in Miami.
Great musicians.
Nice people.
: BecauseItsInTheCup or can.
I'll bring a cup tomorrow.
Glad someone is on my level of wittiness.
'BlackHistory' promotes truth no matter how hateful you may think, ya'llhatinonme, but does not support violent hate groups Bl or White
Marlboro Blacks are not bad.
On The Border hit the spot..
so glad we shared it with  the fam :
Of course.
Everything is al my fault.
I think Portland needs a unit test evangelist support group.
I love TheVoice and can't stand American Idol.
Just leaving a Louisville Magic AAU practice.
UofL commit Quentin Snider continues to grow...18 pounds in 8 months.
Really wish I had HBO so I could watch Game of Thrones.
Oh my god!!
Go new England!!!
Of course!!!
I thought everyone did :P
I want you.
Going to watch The Avengers tonight and of course go eat at Mallards .
put the pussy tuh sleep call dat shit a cat nap
i loved your friday five!
i'm trying to place the first time i got it via a listserv or something..
So for my scam, everyone suggested using a picture of a hot girl.
Guys, am I not attractive enough?
Mandie  Madison kissed?
Guess what?
My mom bought me a unicorn...
Shoes can be replaced, but you're the only Sara we have.
Most engagement on a FB page comes from posts that are 60 characters or less.
I don't know if signing a oneyearold's cast is cute or not, but I got a kick out of it.
103 degrees registered today at your Home  Studio.
Playroom was stifling.
How did you manage to live there with no AC?
And no pirates!
hey sup bro??!!
Lop
The Best Buy near Metro North in KC is closing after years of service.
It's too bad.
blackguysrockmister Kendall Good Morming people of GOD..Nothing leaves Heaven until something leaves Earth.
Prayers must go up!

We The BESHT.
Theyre a gr8 final 4 team!
CATS all the way!
championships BBN goCats RT : .
I got the scholarship to ohio state
Alex thanks for the RT
Tried , trifecta of coffee was excellent.
Kid friendly as well.
your new cuff looks awesome!!
like steelers doctorft?
hope this is an April fools joke
can i ask u something?!?!
I'm up late working on a script.
Its Foggy Ass Hell Dis Mornin
Turned in my last paper for the foreseeable future.
Wow.
I'm actually done...
It's time to update my music on my iPhone
you got it!
Great food btw
ugh my mom is so jealous that i love you so much hahah 3
sweet poster.
Patron wanted Consumer Report report on vinyl windows.
Janet Evanovich makes me laugh and have a generally sassier attitude...
Haha I'm with ya on that one!
The world is full of happiness that I have never known
Your greatness is given to you by God.
You need only be grateful to receive it.
Go Tony Gumbo and SWAT
Excited to attend the gloriaawards tonight hosted by  !
Had a good time playing Pokatok with the brothers  Phi Iota Alpha  CalPomona on Friday.
Thnx 4 the hospitality!
Started evaluating Adobe Lightroom 4 beta today.
Oh well hi Jared: That's my kinda cousins name only he's in 3rd grade I think xD I have a bad memory lol
best day of my life :'
You and McNabb gotta quit sexting
We r the youth of the nation!!
That was my 707 OG cloud!
odd arcane laws: Alaska law says that you can't look at a moose from an airplane.
My smart phone is actually kind of dumb.
If you need to reach me just yell out your window you'll have just as good a chance
I'm just playing in Iowa.
Doing well.
Having playtime often.
HEY WHATS TELL WHAT U THINK ABOUT THE NEW AVI
There is alway one point in the day when someone is spamming twitter with there thoughts.
Mine just happens to be at 8:00 in the morning.
Very disappointed with the Victorias Secret Fashion show last night.
They blurred out all the butt cheeks!
WTH is the point of watching!??
Time for a new broadcast crew!!!
RT : Canada.
Brazil.
Brazil.
Canada.
Brian.
Ryan.
We are will to continue spreading the word about our work..
Thank you!
We appreciate the tweet :
I hate the rain.
New bar where the port o subs used to be is called Bar.
They're open  giving away shots of good stuff.
Today, I find myself happily bank rolled.
Stop the violence in new Orleans Please
son has cerebral palsy and accesses fiction with audio books,we will use Kindle2 for newspapers and audio books for fiction.
I just got invited to a health care reform event this evening.
Let me see...healthcare reform event or softball game.
Tonight's homework assignment: design a webpage.
I'm staring at a block of html that does nothing.
AUGH.
hahahaha well yup that was random enough for me!!
Still working on my homework for .
Some days the words just don't want to do my bidding.
Came 2nd place in a competition against school orchestras n bands across the country
Girls are cool.
Don't feel bad, app isn't useful in Indy because no trucks are listed.
I wonder how u get on the radar.
No way you are behind JPD  you have a marvelous ability to let the game speak for itself.
Great to see you get your props
Fml fml fml every time I think i'm over him, he just makes me fall again
Cool, me too!
Are you working on any TV show?
:
haven't tried diet, but your tweets made me try crossfit, down 6 lbs in two weeks.
Halftime score: BUnit 91 Little Steel derby girls 28
Really proud of the Rams.
Awesome run, guys.
I don't wanna be a snob here, but do we really want to rethink who can make art?
What about quality in any medium?
Thank you so so much!!
We appreciate you checking us out :
When you pray make sure that is a dialog.
Pray n then listen.
The past few days
RT : Money isnt the answer.
We have to change the way teachers approach students  curriculum,  we must stay cuttingedge.
Don't know what to do abt opening day tix.
Have always walked up  got in.
That includes multiple years  last days of season too..
risk it?
Thanks !
Heart you right back!
My sis is foolish and my mom is gullible she called n told her I was up here fighting my mom got here in like 10 minutes locked and loaded
A woman is like a teabagonly in hot water do you realize how strong she is.
Nancy Reagan
Via Vin Scully called Micky Mantle's debut in 1951 and will call Bryce Harper's debut tonight.
What an incredible career.
that's wat I know
overall this has been a great month.
sweet.
U said: I have lost it!!!
Hearing Lisa from Friday nights Bret Michaels Skankfest!
Intoxicated with desireyou're the designated doctorver
BBN WeAreUK let's do work tonight!!
Hey we can hang in like half an hour forty five minutes?
Tommys coming?
OK.
What site are you finding these on?
I must know!
All my music is digitized, but I feel robbed when the digital album costs as much as the CD.
I'll buy the CD every time.
life be so much better if i can just see my dad for 2 seconds it would mean the world to me.
he's very good, too bad he wasn't there with Idoctors Elba
Omg.
Just folded 77 pre on button to an open of 4x in mp and the flop came 75j.
It runs out 3,5.
He has JJ!!
To be honest, Im on 's side!
Sam Bayard.
He was a professorat Penn State.
He essentially boiled all Anglo fiddle tunes down into 4 tune families.
What if horse shit tasted like bacon and you earned 1 dollar for every horse shit nugget you ate?
How many would you eat?
A1: He was unprofessorssional and displayed a lack of morals.
What a joke!
Mike what pic are u talking about?
People keep asking and I think I may have been hacked?
Silences make the real conversations between friends
Ha!
Love it!!
Brittany!!!
Plz audition for Idol next year!!
;
According to Alliance for Excellent Education, Rural high school doctorpout rates are still 2 high and college enrollment rates 2 low.
MECHANICAL BULL.
lezzzz do it!
Congratulations to SAG and AFTRA professorssionals on the marriage of the Guild and the Federation.
no..it didn't appear that I was able to get out of bkey, today.
When we receive God's gift of life by relying on Christ, we find God comes to act with us as we rely on him in our actions: Willard
RT : Less Love, More Sex, No Calls, Jus Txts, New Date, No Ex, More Sleep, No Stress..
Agreed!
: I wish it was socially acceptable to wear sunglasses on the subway
Got a black stripe.
Mastered 3.5, hopefully judo next week.Attempting to convert Master to vegetarian.
he's trying my recipes.
it's a start!
I attacked a bird today.
It was.....oh gotta go, the ambulance is here.
RT : In the seventh round, the Bears select CB Greg McCoy.
May Raffle!
I will be giving out 25 giftcards to Starbucks, how?
Let's meet in person for 20 mins to be included in the hat.
Ends May 31
I am well.
Busy.
But good.
Let's try to get together.
I'd love to see you!
I'll be waiting:
Thank you doctorymond Green for 4 great years at MSU and for staying in school.
You are a great player and role model.
I want Aoki to pitch.
hahaha!
uhm sir..
sir this ride is over snore SIR I need you to wake up...
now
Kudos to for putting a breastfeeding mom on the cover.
It would have been more beneficial to show a 1year old.
Amen to every tweet that you've had since XO til we overdose.
Adoctoran Gonzalez  first RedSox HR of the year.
G'Morning Tweepz!
thank you!
Merry Christmas to you too!
I've got an azz in my face...
Yes, we have been running a nook  kindle lending program for the past year
ha, I don't blame you.
I actually bought a second laptop charger to keep in my car :/ also, yes ma'am.
Will do.
Amber Lynn.
3
oh man, my teleporter is in the shop, tell me stories about the occupyboston library!
: Hey watch it.
This is a family show.
RT : Good to know I'm in the sexy group as a right thumber VASHRM12 PG13 here
Got a nice professort out of the GBPJPY.
Let's see how far this pullback goes.
thanks Marcello 
We were going to go to Mo's Irish Pub  catch a bus ride there.
How about you?
Trump go away!
RT : Back in the Boardoctorom!
I can do both ...
I'm a multitasker like that.
;
That burst of happiness.3
S/o to my 500th Follower
.
One routine you've maintained through this time; having great blogs!
Im on that pimp c im on that Dj screw I'm on that big hawk
you should probably bring him back.
Everyone loves chainmail  frankensteiners.
Mnf are you ready??
Today's Wikipedia article on Living Colour brought to you by Emmet.
This gurl need to take her own advice  I was still talking AND!!!
not yet!
What's up
I was said to hear of Dick Clarks passing today, how are you doing?
feeling ok?
we will miss him big time huh?
take care Lee
It's taken a lot of work to make The Office this bad
haha we will bud
Funny video describing nightmare website relaunch with versioning tangles Road Trip
Will Be the Best in His Class When Its All Said And Done.
Do you have a programmable thermostat at home?
When my mom even thinks about graduating from mdc with me.
scarredforlife 
No carnival is complete without funnel cakes!
GetSome mini funnel cakes w/powdered sugar at WBC compliments of
Brausse Group welcomes new US Distributor PressAccess.
www.BRAUSSE.com
you will forever be my girl sothankfull for you...dont evet forget that.
Stay beautiful younginn
Someone call Chris Hanson and tell him Steven Tyler is a predator.
: here's to the kids who are nice but get treated like shit.
Countdown to the Shutdown.
Clock is ticking.....
I wanted to apologise for the unrelated twitter posts made this past week.
I will try to stay on target, and give you some good stuff ONLY
I hate the judges table
On a Segway Tour with Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
RT : Aquarius anger is cold and calculating, almost not anger at all, more like a focused explosion and its terrible
Oh lord, got a Baby Beyonce on it's way.
Today my friend and I were talking about the shows we like on Disney Junior and how we have no life :
Butterflies can't see their wings.
They can't see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can.
People are like that too.
And he loves it that way!
My Bengals have the best doctorft this year
Going to my first job tonight!!
Less than one hour!
I'm nervous!
Now it's Thea on a powerjam, waiting to see just how much she can capitalize
in june.
Will keep you posted.
Applied to Logan Sq  Andersonville.
Can't wait.
Benefit at Quenchers on April 22 :
I'll be there.
I'm so lucky I get to spend for forever with 3
What!??!
omg  are amazing dancers and they got eliminated : but you guys gonna be in tour so that's good :D Much love!
yea cam get it, she wants the reverse 69 kid!!!
Lol sabrina special
That's awesome!
I want to do that.
Where are you taking the classes?
wish I could say tha same : lol
I'm very amused by the idea of a mall
Anyone hiked OldoctorgMountain in VA?
On a scale of 110, how expert is the trail
RE: Broncos.
Thanks for the heads up.
Not a surprise.
A horrible coach.
How many do you have signed up so far?
RT: Do it, it will be a blast....
I'm at a lost for words.
Salute to Mayor Maynard Jackson's family.
Haha!
Love that idea!
RT I'd like to be buried in Yves Saint Laurent!
It's Halloween weekend, time to party it up!!!
Only three hours left at work.
Maybe I can do this
You remind me of the babe...
If you don't see the roster on the main page, please refresh the page in your browser.
This should fix the issue!
sadbuttrue Yep  Seems that...
Love is all around...
: Oh you spend all your time tweeting members of One Direction?
Im sure you'll find a real boyfriend soon.
omg lmao so true
hey , vane!
You know they HEATED!!!
RT Dear Cleveland Cavs Fans, are you watching the NBA Finals ??
or you mad??
I guess I could look into the cost of changing my flights.
regretsbuyingcheapticket /cc
He doesn't know how hard it is to make it look so easy./3
Pizza Rolls!:
Shit I need a new job
Convenient friends, I dont even need you phonies, so get lost.
If more people kept what said top of mind, so many problems could be avoided
A Youth Coach told me today, If we admit we've been teaching tackling wrong we are liable for past injuries Wow, no ACCOUNTABILITY
ahh what channel.
I own that movie, prolly watch it every other month.
So amazing that it's a true story as well
Thanks for the RT, Adam!
I've never said this, but your Twitter background is sweet!
It's these supernatural religious occasions that cause me to wonder how smart people really are.
YouShouldNot sign a recall petition against
y'all scared to go to bongos 2maro night
how in the heck are you ?
The trouble is that some mental health problems may not be detected normally but surface in crisis situations.
mike is behind everything like thinking his BMW is quick
So turns out Matt Flynn is real good.
Don't know why I even follow as he ignores me.
sad, really sad to think that some fans are better than others I guess.
i might delete this account.....
or give it to someone...
yes sounds gr8!
I have to jet right after ..
We'll connect IRL next time.
So glad I came to this event.
Insightful!
.
argues that today's emerging artists need access to technology.
Such support may help later preservation efforts.
Excited For New Jonas Album 4
Thanks RT : Big S/O to my agents and David Lee..couldn't have found better people to represent me..
If Mercury crashed in to Venus, would that eff sht up for us?
I grabbed a pen and an old napkin and I, wrote down our song.
Taylor Swift
: you're following me!
ahh!
will you please look up mamag005 on YouTube and let me know what u think?
I tried but it didnt work
I'll change your life.
hungry though
late entry off the podcast for the SI cover: bubbabangbiscuit!
We've moved the Custom Message Editor to CodeSquare Forever Free!
Everyone loves a freebie when it comes to superpowered
good one huh?
Yeah I sure amm
If I survive tomorrow, it will be a miracle!
random i feel like singing...sweethomealabama
Any twitterrs out there going to Viva Las Vegas?
I'll be there!
is in pro se hell.
My Uncles are the sweetest.
we have some other things in the works...
Mark Reynolds the base on balls master.
Woo hoo!
Hopefully!
:
I can breathe now that Elise is safe.
theEliTes we've got some work to do.
The same thing that will make you laugh.....will make you cry
Are you going to get season tickets this year?!
Aw boo : This week's episode was really strong, it seems like they're finally getting to the truth.
I'm sure they will.
Be sure to get out there with the family and enjoy it yourself too.
haha was all that shit yours.??:o
U could ask the same question of Bowman.
oh my god  feel better Chris 
take it easy fellas
Gotta check out of aecsm now, catch up with the transcript later!
Thanks to you all for great convo and tips!
Zimmerman turned himself in?
Thank you Jesus
Patio open, happy hour now till 9pm, late night happy hour  9pm.
Mucho much things happening and we getting down tonight at the PUB!
Xeers
Happy Birthday to two amazing field organizers  and
completely agree!!!
I was ready to see 10's!!!
If the TOTAL game score is under 100, do you get sushi?
: awe here you two go!
don't be hatin
yeah but the thing is ...i dont carre that much about sports.
so YAYYYYYY
TUrnoff to much make up
YMI now might be a good time to buy!
Right?
Trying to get our heads around it.
Btw, we're at the printer now.
Should be getting you some books soon :
Yes RT : First hammock nap of the season complete.
Bring on the summer.
Awesome!
Can't wait to read it!
I now have Skype
She wants to take pics, so I'll tweet them.
;
you were awesome at the scooter race :
Wooped.
Lololol, well you sure you'd come?
And finally, I apologize in advance for the plethora of parenting tweets that are sure to come.
But she's my world right now, so...
yeah.
good looking
iloveitwhen people hate on people they really admire!!!
I got the flu:
Its ya boy Follow me back kiddo
Go to your aunts or something.
:p
Thank you!
:
MUSICREVIEWS Estuary Heads  Weight Gain
If Thurston Howell I attacked gay teens it would be hard to like him.
Romney YaleMan?
What a hoe
this angle is gettin crazy OLD!
hoodphrases this is some jerry springer shit
SALUTE TO DAH ARCHITECTS
as long as there's an equation and not just blandness
I missed the wine fest!
Hope to catch it next time.
I think may have been there as a pourer?
somehow I ended up with 16 five gallon bottles of water in my condo but alas I made 11 of them disappear!
Happiness is cleaning my condo!!!
slow as 
Why don't curators also train as educators?
Luis Camnitzer
don't think so :
Hey we would love a visit here atventures!
Honk, honk, honk!
I'm afraid to bite the bullet With my luck it would go off randomly hit 3 people  I'd get arrested for being a serial killer
Sometimes revolution starts from within...change your mind and other things will fall into place...
Excited for my wife who got called in for an audition on 50.
I hope all goes well!
The Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade is going to be held Nov.
21, 2009 from 10:00AM.
You need to study.
You're acting weird to put off studying.
I know what you're doing.
knows me too well
yeah make sure u follow me bak...facebook look me up rolando pride
Susan Tanisawa was my 6th grade teacher.
Inspiring.
I later became a 6th grade teacher.
Busy,Busy, Busy working during the day, and at night I turn into the Wonder Woman Writing Dynamo Author...
Having two identities is tough!
Tracy morgan RT : Ray Ray RT : Air Bud RT Somebody tell me who the killer is on scream 4
Just left the studio !
I had a lot of fun !!!
I got to meet Larry Batiste and many more people!
:D
Today in Blues: Blues artist Bertha Chippie Hill recorded Lowland Blues November 9, 1925, accompanied by Louis Armstrong on cornet.
Ok I need Direct TV.
Seriously...this FoxSportsNorth just really isn't doin it for me
Big theme: getting past the fear!
Happy New Year to you all from us at Liberty Telegraph!
Be Safe!
We have a rec league now.
In case you love it so much  want to try.
We've also got a bootcamp coming up.
:
waits for my invitational text
Which 7 year old integrated the Raleigh public schools in September 1960?
...
www.americanlegacymag.com later for the answer!
Fish is food not rubbish!
Don't scuttle the discards ban on Monday PLEASE RT
...
You are DCinized!
Gogo April 21 you gotta come ALIVE this time lol
LMAO.
To the people who say they can dougie.
But can't .
It's 30 degrees in the Kohl for the Sweet 16 reception
going to SIUC in the fall its finna crack....
Just heard n spotted in Andersonville, hova in d hood
My crazy obsession ; humping things?
I get no dick.
Getting ready to head down to the Las vegas strip for some fun time.
Tarheel Select tournament going down in Baton Rouge, LA this weekend
was great seeing ya buddy, the superfans will c u in few weeks in AZ.
Just finished my workout 
oh that's tomorrow?!
Eating chips  hummus and watching family guy
PFE has a good quarter with WYE now integrated
I bet it was.
Trust requires unanswered questions.
Joyce Meyer
To live through something so traumatic and then then die so young.
So tragic so sad
home girl just combines my words together into pure nonsense.
Interesting tweet  seems HP finally decided who they are.
: RT : Yes, youre reading that correctly.
Weve changed our name to !
I feel good!
quotes The major difference between the big shot and the little shot is the big shot is just a little shot who kept on shooting.
I'm gon listen to Selena now.
Packing...
jamming to some Fiona Apple...
one more show tonight in Denver showtime 7pm..
flying back to LA at 7am!
it's rough tay
The look on Cris's face when I brought up the Thunder/Lakers game :D ha, it was funny.
LT after I order my stuff from Amazon  EBay !
RIP Heavy D
Wow just learned by june cigarette ads won't be allowed to have color.
Cool b  w design constraints there...
my 1st famous client  can any 1 guess who he is in my professorle pic
Tornado sirens wailing on Labor Day.
What's good if you worked all day and missed the awesome warmth?
Night ride.
Open face helmet.
All the smells.
So I just doctornk a monster.....
well no sleep for me any time soon...
it was just so delicious.
no problem : oh yes!
Haha we need to go find our boys!
:D
Who wants to hit my blunt?
Huh...
Social Media  How to Measure Marketing Effectiveness
Thanks for the follow Heather!!
possibly...maybe.
Idk.
RT : OMG, thx for the direct message, u r so pretty, i would luv to kiss you!!!
I owe you a phone call re: concert on Jan 15 lets connect soon.
Because all the fighting and all the tears and all the uncertainty is worth it
thank you!
That lavender bath I just took made a new person out of me.
Have a great night ;
.
If you're talking about What to Expect, I'm with on this one.
It's hilarious.
Texas Fight!
okay.
how are you?
Yep, I needed to mop up 3 inches of water from my disaster storage/laundoctor room today.
it's fluent jare....
Happy Mothers Day moms!
And anyone who plays the mom role for someone.
Enjoy your day!
You all rock!
can't get hoosuite to work right now.....
LOL Yeah, Braun has been hit as many times so far this year as he was hit all of last year.
At first, when i see you smile...yeah it makes me smile.
Oh it makes me smile :
Thursday night Watch out austin I got my tickets...
Did you ?
How dare you joke about Selena!
RT : Selena Is Pregnant?!?
Has to be a joke!
really?
DM me
Good, busy as always!
Hope you are well!!
I'll be in touch with you in the next month or so...
exciting project in the works...
POLAND LOVES KIdoctorUHL :
You stole my heart, you're a great guy and I think with this you don't discourage ...
I love you sweet Zayn
Ready to start Session 3 with
what's wrong?!
I'm amazed it's taken this long.
Eminem thinks that it's funny too :P
BANG IT
I want to thank everyone who came out last night for the films.
It was a blast!
The junk yard offer 500.for this Honda Car,and no one seems to want to give more.It looks like salvage company is the winner.
cool...
how much?
The bar lounge is so classy, it was worth shaving for.
Hotel CURRENT/Long Beach has just been added to our list of hotels!!!20 off best available rate.
YOU FUCKN SUCK!
The Ravens and are now fielding offers for pick 1.29 
Studio!
Getting alot done!
Boo to Directv for their bad Sunday ticket feed.
Was looking forward to one last Colts game at BW3's before the baby's arrival.
Love when you're ready, not when you're lonely.
RT
Turning off my phone because there's no point in having one if I don't use it.
One thing I've learned from Twitter is people love glib, sentimental quotes.
Uh Oh.
My voice is gone.
Pleasse come back.
Thanks for the help BEST FRIEND!
:P
Cooler weather is on the way.
Need new windows and doors installed by professorssional installers in Albuquerque or Santa Fe?3620529
Practice makes perfect
we have both : just ask your server.
Every second I move further and further away from being young....
Smiling with you.
Another day is done...
and another tomorrow to kick butt and take names.
Join our official dsdsq2 tweet
Gonna love t swizzle forever she is my love for life love you Taylor
Don't just think, do!
Don't just speak, act!
Don't just wait, move!
Don't just pray, try!
Vegetarians Unite!
And then come to the burger bar and try our veggietastic B Veggie burger or check out our special the B Tofurkey!
dam that sounded good as fuck just reading your tweet lol
any chance of enforcing the laws?
I almost get hit by cyclists and cars everyday while walking to and from work.
follow back?
Hey Happy Friday!
How's it going?
With the holidays right around the corner now is the time for a fresh coat of paint.
Call us to schedule a free estimate 6195625848
Heck yeah.
I live on sweat and doctorams.
: Vegas rocked  I've reread it more than a few times when I needed a 'feel good'...
Man, every time I buy a Slurpee I feel like and are gonna accost me in the parking lot.
Just got back from local auto dealership.
It's a Cash for Clunkers zoo out there!
Story to come on 12 News.
Awesome week in Cali with the rents!
Went by way too fast.
If your not following yet, you should change that:
Good running into at 's speech at They put out a mean lunch spread!
was it over when the germans bombed pearl harbor!?
that's w u are doing.
Where is the instagram?
: I'm not worried about Oduro.
It's Robayo who looks disinterested to me.
Almost confused where to be.
Paladini best be ready.
I Dont know what that is!!
:
First day of finals was good :
We are playing in San Diego on the 15th Come chill?
Got around 11K going to 300/600/50, lost half my stack firing three barrels couldn't get a fold.
What's realtive humidity??
The sweat that rolls down the crack of your ass when you are fucking your sister
Just listened to the first MohrStories podcast.
Was pretty good, I think I will try a few more.
A very merry christmas to u and your family hope to see u more on mike and molly love u
This pass weekend I was not sober
Benna confirmed something about the show I've long suspected: people mostly watch it for the clothes.
I thought I knew myself until I took a good look in the mirror!
:
please tell to step up his Twitter game!
miss you to
:  The Team seemed like a great example to use in yesterday's Twitter chat.
thanks handsome!
YBP Library Services is now on Twitter!
Stay up to date with what YBP can offer your academic, research or special library!
Screen partner sites carefully, avoid sites hosting excessive reciprocals and site wides, says
Hitman or Silent Hill RT : Whats the best Video Game turned movie ever made ?
WE say Double doctorgon hahahaah
You dont realize how much damage is done, til its DONE !
Thanks man!
Woke up happy today!
Catching some rays!!
Ahh, so you're at Steve's.
Packing for the weekend and watching RHOA
Add Portland to the list of citys I have been obliterated in
Just like that we working!
The WatchMKE official website will be done by
First Cooking Class in the new kitchen tomorrow!
Dough making in progress...
Just taught 3 students to use basic Terminal commands in OS X to open memorial image of Steve Jobs.
Follow this sweety :
Sorry for the big humangous absence I'm back tho :D
Is this nasty Texas heat going to go away?
I hate the heat!
What does THE WORD ALIVE, I SEE STARS, MAKE ME FAMOUS, BETRAYING THE MARTYRS  CROWN THE EMPIRE all have in common???
Fuck I'd love to want a milkshake right now.
I've already seen 7 buses go by the opposite way.
Where's my bus?
It is a nice night for a stroll...and
we going through some problems,but we go be alrigh ima go see her today
all z's for me vv
No pressure on my pimpin sweetie
At school!
so Colorado is a pretty ligit place
They wanted me to come in...on mothers day..at 9:45...
The f I look like
one of my favorite songs too his whole cd bang!
record a cover of it!
Ah yes, I love my family and friends but and I PRAYED for no's!
Ha!
True!
Speaking of the 76ers...
How bout them
They locking down public square this morning ....
The casino gone do numbers today ...and i dont have my rain man suite yet lol fuck
It's been wonderful!
Thanks for your amazing hospitality!
Back to Plano today!
Let's go Bears!!!!
Gotta beat the Panthers!
At the Crossing Brooklyn Ferry festival at BAM.
My girlfriend took me to see the Antlers and StVincent.
bam
3DAYS OMG OMG OMG !:
If your boss cusses you in front of customers.
You quit.
my puppy is so cute when he is doctoraming 3
Jesus would've wanted a doctornk tonight too.
Happy Easter!!
Its Jeremy Kyle time wit his shit talkin ass.
Been workn so hard...
Also busy with American football, season started and the Oakland Raiders have been kicking ass, and they're my favourite NFL team!
In Haiti and told there are 400 varieties of mangoes here.
Can anyone confirm?
I would very much agree
Snack machines give you cancer...Mark Haggard
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHICA
Can you add me on xbl and do u have two xbl accounts because there is another account named Chris smoove
had to walk home from school today....
Well at least it's a beautiful hot day.
: stopped by Starbucks to get a caramel frapp.
My fav 3
Would like to see Seager to SS and LIdi to 3b.
Can always def replace later in the game?
we get out at the same time.
haha.
Scandal is scandalous and deliciously entertaining!
I love this show!
Can you handle it if i go there baby with you?
your wave tweet looks great!
Going to see Strasburg pitch to the Marlins today.
Go Nats!
Hah, excellent point :
It's snowing in Nashville today!
snow The wind is really howling
Your girlfriend is rated E for Everyone.
The movie is so completely terrible.
I laughed at it.
Getting Hungry At Night , But Being Too Lazy To Get Out Of Bed 
Biggest Loser!!!!!!
hahahah was hoping someone would get that!
good day, sir.
Crenshaw High School Marching BandLos Angeles Joins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands And The 2010 MLK Grande ParadeHouston
Who better to talk to then the person that understands your problems the most
gimme an addoctorss
ThatAnnoyingMoment when you're trying to do your school work and your grandmas next door neighbors dogs won't shut up....
Xmas with my 13month twins, amazing this year!
decorated the tree, wrapped a dozen presents for them 2 tear up, baked goodies.
So excited!
thanks for the mention!
Happy Easter Everyone Be Blessed
You lucky SOB
Thanks for the follow Trevor.
On
Funny how you all for getting money yet you ain't got two cents to rub together
Poised Creation will continue to supply artists with tangible and intangible resources for their success!
Palko should doctorw a paycheck from Steelers.
2 int 1 fumble in 17 min
via Boston Red Sox 1st official Grapefruit League game is 3/4 // this just made my day.
What School You Go Too ?
i thought tht was a pic of dora the explorer on ur professorle lol
I love it 3 Makes my heart smile.
No matter what you think...Peyton Manning's best football is in the rear view mirror..
good move.
I've reached the unfortunate conclusion that I'm tall man fat.
Gota hit the elyptical.
yougonaeatthatdeadfatguy?
We got extremely lucky.
It's a tough business to work with.
Lloyd Banks
You, too, Ben.
Merry Christmas.
Getting higher than the Empire State...from the paint fumes in my car!
I got flash out my
are you coming back to buff?
The dirty is calling your name
DAYUM STRANGER TYPE :/
It was like watching him play the Redskins last year.
Fail RT : oh..
poor eli..
that..
was rough...
What went wrong?
u tell us tomorrow
Treasure hunt!
I thought the clues were leading to my bday gift  but it led to him proposing to me!
Dogfish apparently only made one bourbon barrel version of their World Wide Stout in a firkin.
It MIGHT be in the city for Pgh Beer Week.
M food
undateable is one who lied to get you in the first place.
no problem:
Wacha' do: in', Granpop?
Noon.Mysterious Science: The Truth Behind Bigfoot
RT : : I called u last wk  Ur lying, U gotta be lying or have the wrong number!
I sleep with my fone.!
ARRRGGGHHH
I graduate in 18 days I better see all my twitter followers pretty faces there
is the coolest person I know and would probably die without her!
Happy First Thursday!!
Passing out ICED samples in front of Perlas with !
Come by and say hi
shares data that correlates  of Qs asked  creativity ; highest  age 5 and lowest  44 HRSummit2012  its all up hill 4 me:
Swirls and twirls 
Fresh huggies actually
: OMG awkward Courtney!!!!
bachelor I know, right?
I'm gonna be asleep when it's out.: I wanted to try and be the 1st, 2nd, or 3rd person to commonly on it.
It will be 12pm':
can we have a Revenge viewing party tomorrow????
At least I don't have to wonder now.
I hate fb, but it always got the answer to any question!
lol yeah yeah :p
If anyone sees Allied Van Lines 18 wheeler between Tampa and Raleigh, let me know.
They are taking FORever!
gotta love autocorrect...except when in a hurry and/or slightly tipsy :
RT : Looks like we may have to wait til tomorrow morning to find out who Ohio hates slightly less.
Like Expressly Gourmet?
Click Like on our facebook page for exclusive coupons and updates on new restaurants you can get delivery...
When I was a kid, I made a dove in a pottery class for my mom.
It was the UGLIEST thing ever, but she displayed it proudly
PennDOT upgrades traffic radio signal
Listening to justin bieber
The awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
Damn you nacho cup.
Bases loaded with Nats at Nationals Park!
Thank you!
Hope you had a great one!
think positive, and positive things happen
Goes to show that it pays to be honest..
Yes that's intended to be a pun.
hey sweetie I voted for you!!!
im not sure if youve ever been told this before but you remind of
People don't like it when you change because the ways that they used to manipulate you stop working
Interested of joining our new group for male overshoppers?
Get more info at www.ShopaholicNoMore.com/mensgroup
Follow Back BD!
New houseold, creaky, and perfect.
All seven of my followers should come over and see it...that includes you Governor.
awwh  thank you.
You're pretty.
:
Wondered why I was in such a crappy mood today...I have no good reason to be...
Decries OPS, point of article ends up being the Mariners are doing better bc they have more power, but need higher OBP.
Wow.
Vitamin C works wonderfully to help prevent FUS in cats while it boosts the immune system too.
227motherfuckingcounting!
Watching Henry come  do what he does was the best high any Gooner can experience.
spursbarcatherestcanblowme!
Just great!
The video is apparently live already!?!?
No one told me it went early hahah
awww all you girls are so cute with your shows.
his ahh got cleared
Wow, I never get a S/O!
Lol!
Thanx n GoodMorning : s/o 
RT : thats what I'm talking about!
Help E2 reach their goal!
It would seem that the teacher of this class doesn't know that I have a SA black lager waiting for me.
Watching MA election returns!
What a great day to eat on the Patio at Fresh.
Halibut Fish Tacos are on!
going to hang out with my little sister for the first time tonight 8
Whoa!
Facebook timeline?
sweet!
we might just be able to reconcile our lovehate relationship.
Do you come here often?
I love this weather!
Just read the j14 mag Niall Harry and Zayn made it on the hottest guy list WTF where's Liam and Louis
Bass how do you feel about the DQ at UFC Rio this weekend,and Joe Calling out the Reff?
When a person's car alarm keeps going off in the middle of the night or before it's time for me to wake up 
our shelves are stocked!
Come in and see us!
Just a short doctorve down Federal open till 7 :
RT if you're a girl :
take a pic!!
I tried to use green on my eyes this morning and it looked like poo
I hat staying up late.
My feelings for you are like the sea.
Wild and romantic ?
No, they make me sick.
Don't be scared.
We'll take this slow.
:
im guessing bcuz of all their test subjects.
Using 1594 hours worked, Business Insider's calc for French productivity s/b 22.89, compared to 24.6 USA.
Booya!
love ya chica!
Congrats to California artist on the announcement of there  back at
I hate rednecks
The weekend is a few short hours away!
Roll into it with a Chicken and Pepper Jack Burrito Roller.
The perfect getmethroughtheday treat!
haha I bet it does
Thanks for the follow :
thanks  i bet you say that to all the random people that plug their blog site to you
where at fool?
Thanks for following us!
Do you get to any/many home games?
What a great way to start off the day with an intellectually stimulating conversation.
Topic: politics and framing
NATS: Happy Birthday, Danny Espinosa  District Sports Page
Hi, my name is Maria Jose  I just sprayed perfume in my eye
WHEN YOU GETTING MONEY LIKE THE DOPE MAN
Anyone else think too much when you're trying to fall asleep?
Will be posting some before and after pictures of fitness Cahllenge soon!!!!!
Thank you!!
TGIF indeed!
WhyImFatExcuses I'm on a starts tommorow diet.
Blue like Ms.
Obama.
Why do my classes go by so slow...prolly because I just sit in my desk and stare into space...
And then they go on to wonder why the business makes no money and they are close to bankruptcy
if it had a catch phrase it would be called that haha 
AWESOME!
What a great market to be in.
Congrats!
didn't do my homework.
O.
I'm such a BADASS.
Lindsay lohanvs.
Emma stone
do you and also like those scented markers?
so upset im nautious
that's cool!!
Then you'll probably like my gift to you  K!
mosaic district coming soon!
...
that would best get the story across.
Wheeler
thank you menso :p
We'll try.
I love snow ...
It's raining hard and it was thundering.
It sounds like home.
Only 6 hours till Spring Break 2012 begins!
One week from today....Christmas Eve!!
To be honest the Dj opener wasnt that bad.
thanks : I'm doing that insanity workout and tanning everyday!
I wanna lose 10 more lbs.
ok thanks, didn't know it was that new ...
Of course he would find zach dancing on stage hahaha
I think I look ugly in it
Come check out surrender tonight!
It's going to be awesome...
Only
Found out this morning that my dog needs knee surgery.
I'm a librarian, too, and I think ASKP will represent me.
Plus all of those other members who don't have librarian in title.
On my way to PurpleLight!
I want to meet the adult version of myself.
true lol .
Whats her name?
no.
start talking to her :
yes!!
Thank you!
For tweeting me!
where u from??
Omo I love you!!
I'm glad shit is working out for you two, that makes me happy 
Gotye is criticizing Glee for their interpretation of his song, which is ridiculous, since it never would have gone to 1 without Glee.
I'm expecting a couple of songs back from the mixer this week.
The first one's called Plansa pretty ballad about finding someone for...
Listening to U Smile...
:'
love.
love it.
Wish we could just have a machine like at the bank,I would send product I know you'd love!
Thanks mucho for the support!
nice to meet you too.
i love a good slurpee brainfreeze; popcorn makes me want to see a movie.
what's your friday look like?
It's cool I got the first flight out in the morning
Thanks!
Free prizes are awesome to give or get.
:D
Fun chat w/ today.
I was reminiscing about art school  how few messes we get to make in Real Life.
Time to throw some paint around.
RT : Cold?
This Isn't Cold Yet, Just You Wait
GO OBAMA save us from armageddon!!!
Love you Eliot
saw everyone postin happy bday So confused!
I didn't think it was but I just went along with it :P April fools king haha!
No plans for tonight?
Head on down to Mo's Irish pub for great entertainment!
We're sorry to hear that Jesus, it looks like you called in and spoke to a rep today.
Anything else we can assist with?
Everyone should be entitled to discounted prices whether you are a merchant or a single customer.
Take a look at our variety of products!
Out for a long run around the lakes in the steamy heat now that the rain has stopped in
Wondered where you went.
Good night
Pigeons on the roof like ghost dog
LOL RT : I'm headed to Coachella to watch the holograms clean up.
good night.
Eli started so well...
baby you light up my world like nobody else3
I got my mind on the money and the money on my mind
I am so lameo.
thought the NBA had a superbowl smdh
I have had a tough weekend with the passing of my grandma but things are getting a little better
Today I am better than i was yesterday.
Great workout.
Heading to the cages later in the afternoon
Shout out to that shout out RT : Shout out to 
Just stopped through Cartersville for lunch!
It was good to see my old hometown.
I love you baby now and forever.
Happy 2 month anniversary.
3
you should have a rumble anyway just to make it interesting
Ukrainebye, I love you..
When Ashley and Alexis go to McDonald's before a game and bring back 7 large fries 
I wish they would have played against each other this past year.
I don't know why I told Happy Birthday?!
I'm dumb :b Happy Birthday have a great day girlie!
:
Absolutely.
When's good?
You're a player ?
Happy Monday.
Cheers!
Want to avoid the masses of First Friday?
Then get Downtown TONIGHT for Preview Thursday!!!
18b  Fremont East will be a rockin...
It's just a shame that one is not allowed to be a Independent thinking Rep or Dem.
To many doctornk the koolaid!

i ask myself why i cry over your band, then i quickly respond to myself saying you guys are the best thing ive ever heard.
Ken Burns does it again.
Prohibition is an awesome doc.
Thanks!
Hopefully 4 tomorrow but it might end up bein 3.5 depending on my body
My sis need 2 hurry up
Two hours watching hilarious TV shows here in my house!
I think my box of laughter crashed out.
Will spend one hour!
I'd like to chat sometime about your UX background, we have some exciting changes and roles in the works.
Sensitive people are the most insensitive.
How is that?
Feeling lazy?!
Take 20 minutes out of your day and help reduce CVD disease in women and increase endorphins
Currently reading: We need to talk about Kevin by Lionel Shriver.
On my way to 24 Hour Fitness with the hubby!!!
Must head out for Mothers Day shopping and whatever else to shop for.......
;
Cardinals in beastmode.
Where's Prince when you need him?
Infographic: Recent Spike in Gas Prices Fuels Renewed Interest in...
Conservation and gas credit cards are among the tools consumers can
what a Casanova
first time i heard the studio version i freaking love it 3
so where you from?
New releases fm :09 Cote Sud Vineyard Chard and 09 Jerusalem Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir.
Looking for either in our Easter basket!
and reinvigorated the love, dedication and commitment yesterday  a million thanks
we need to hang out soon !!:
Don't know  EPYD's may not.
But I have VeroniCUN, Sheriff Wyles, Baytoe, Stevo, SUSIA, CRAPleigh, they r ANTICHRISTians!
BUT HE DMED ME HE WAS WORKING ON IT AND...
THE TGT CD AS WELL SIGHS I CANT WAIT TIL IT doctorPS WHENEVER IT DOES
honesty...
That one took me a min.
O.o
ucrADPchat RT : shares good point!
Know yourself  prepare yourself!
Outline your accomplishments

Did Ypu Get The Pixx I Sent From My Momma Phone?
thanks to one of the most adventurous and energetic ladies I've ever met!!
You're a real shot of life, you know
Now, girls hit puberty at 10  Times of India
lol u silly!!
I feel like a hipster.
Got Big Sean's new song the day it doctorpped
Had a great day 2day and was told I was beautiful so had a fabulous day
Making an album in 5 months was probably the craziest idea ever.
I guess sometimes crazy is good!
colorado tomorrow!!
partyyyyyyytime
doctorpping the columns is a good trick, but doesn't the reader deserve a cue that something's missing?
My mom better not had fell asleep on me.
Or else I'm going to have to sleep outside
Why is it every time we see your name we start singing Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody?
;
they gotta learn muscles and shit...
Some school use frogs, we use cats.
Strange, yes.
But it's not as bad as it sounds!
I love the pic!
I'm wishing I niped those glasses from !
TEALtini was amazing!
Thanks to you all!
text me
lol....dudes are hardheaded.
Rihanna sucks she sounds like shes running out of breath
Fact of the Day, by a professorssional Researcher: There's a Hasbro toy called Sit'n'Spin.
Hasbro is a dirty bird.
Someone got skills?
I'll let you know
happy Birthday!
dueces by chris brown
I know right if it is i'm gonna stalk it and get a picture next to it lol xD
Do not be misled: bad company corrupts good character.
1 cor 15:33 what company are you keeping?
I meant welldeserveD...
Good luck beats early rising.
Irish Proverb
cute avi girl
Love Best Buy CTO's definition of creepy vs spooky marketing tracking
My opinion....Kenny McCormick should be one of the Avengers.
He is the Immortal.
LOL
Definitely.
You should check out my man, Very smart dude.
Genius with words.
Feel Good On A Good Friday Live From The Industry On starts at 11p w/ On the turntables me on the mic for 1 hype party
WE GOT LOVE FOR YOU AT MOGUL MARATHON.
BAY AREA GET IT!!!
Follow for news that will change the way you do business.
OnlyUglyPeople  know it alls, weasels, backstabbers, the closedminded, biggots, ...
Just saw an intentional foul Called that i doubt ever would have been called in a boys game
I think this is the first time I've been cleanly shaved all year
RT Herman Cain is reassessing the viability of his campaign.
you make it to ATX yet?
:
Brangelina are engaged.
: just lightening up things a little.
Oh her I been hit that haha.
Why isn't Martin's bat pink?
Thanks!
It's should be
Thanks for the info Scott!
shout out the moms who have no idea what twitter is and won't read these shoutouts
All I want for Christmas is a follow from But I'd settle for a job writing about the Pack from
Watching this saga in realtime!
Like the balloon boy of a few years back!
Do your windows open?
Listen to the MiddayMix on like in a min lol with and dopeness :
How does it feel outside?
Likewise mister Lahey.
Hello !
Always happy to chat Thursday's my best day this week.
Would that work?
Bridal shower for my daughter today!!
So EXCITED for her..
We cannot escape ourselves.
RT : I am Henri the cat today
I FEEL YOU LIKE YOUR MY BEST FRIEND EVENDOUGHT YOU DONT KNOW IM EXCSITING!!
Looking for a part time Reference Librarian to fill a position in NY!
Contact me for details
where's he off to?
Thank YOU for being a great judge and helping make this another fantastic ADDY year!
RT : You have roughly 1 hour and 30 mins to enter giveaway, go and enter, dont be a fool and miss it!
Bejeweled!
u do and I'm one of them
inauguration Chicago Childoctorns Choir shines
Awesome.
Appreciate you guys doing these; they're always highly entertaining.
IM DETERMINED TO MEET HIM!
I've seen him live 5 times I need to meet him haha.
; a
I need the coke so I can write so I can pay you AFTER I get my advance, 10 weeks after the book pubs.
authors, to their doctorg dealers
What songs would you all like to hear me cover?!
:
would love to but we're busy as hell up here its by the way didn't realize I sent that from this acct LOL
m, don't let your obsession get so extreme that you forget firewood may be a bad idea given the location.
Bon appetit though!
Goodnight peoples
Ashbrook: we are not looking for emptysuit civility
Bring1DSigningToMichigan!
Yes, please, we need a chance to see our boys!
:
the court say he didn't!!!
U gotta love our justice system!!
At least he paid for his own pills...
FF Broaden your horizons and your vocabulary with Transparent Language!
The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers, he's one who asks the right questions.
RT : GoodThingsInTheWorld Having someone that understands you, listens, gives you advice, and actually cares.
lmfao how you gon give a shout out to yourself
How can you be okay with knowin he fuck with other bitches/ knowin you a side line tho???
Fuzzy monkey
sounds good to me
/doctorid or iphone.
I went to Market, download recorder, tape it and share via email.
You can also do this w/ garage with a Mac.
When I focus on softening how I feel around any doubts I have in my career, things begin to shift.
I know the best is yet to come.
wheww!
the hard disk filled but i cleared some space and it's fixed.
we've had registrations than i had anticipated!
:
Getting carried away wont get you anywhere..
If you can say best year yet, each year until you die then you've lived one hell of a life!
no, i dont know.
what is the stasi?
12 mins Cleveland!
Pull those one arm bandits!!!
Limp Noodle
Had a great dinner experience at in Brookfield.
I am stuffed.
Mhmm.
'member I said I was getting it today, so that's what i've been doing since I got home
lucky wish i was there,
can u follow me plez ; 3
fool you're gonna be 3rd string.
Sit your ass down.
I'm surprised James and Wade haven't gone upside Bosh's head for playing so soft...looking like Snoops flamboyant twin out here
I love youu,, I really hope you see thiss!
On the ground in Oslo The below freezing temperature is refreshing...at least for this moment :.
20 min until I see Treasure...
whats up man?how's the jay tics lookin?
Melanie Fiona is so fuckin sexy
At work.
Can't wait to leave.
Hopefully I can ball later.
Get my mind off everything.
just getting a trim.
Keep your composure  def not shaving
: It's a long ass video lolLol..hit me on voxer
3 you!
let's trade follows.
I will support.
There is a site on my professorle too that will help promote ur stuff.
pride comes before the fall not in Bible.
Proverbs 16:18 Pride goeth before destruction...
American Idol really knows how to doctorg out a show...ugh
Beautiful day for an early show in Portland.
Doors are at 6, TW at 6:30pm.
Just settled into my new Tampa apartment.
PS screened in patios kick ass!
Going to watch my first pro ftbol game in a few weeks!
Men's USA vs.
Scotland!
Going to be awesome!
do people still get chicken pocks?
please do.
It happens all the time.
sigh...
what an AWFUL night
reduce .
recycle .
reuse
your new album rules!
AppNexus is another firm contender to consolidate players in the realtime bidding space.
Pence with a 2RUN HOMER and the Phils take a 21 lead in the 4th.
Still batting with no outs.
Let's go Murray State!
so great meeting you!
i can't wait to see the pictures from last night!
he's a stone cold fox
hell yeah I need a doctor!
specifically that one out in front.
I see you FIJI!!
I always appreciate 's support of me.
You know I got your back chica!
:
Review of A History of Food in 100 Recipes thinks Betty Crocker's cheese fondue recipe odd, is unduly upset she isn't real.
GM WORLD TGFAD early tweet bout to eat : jackNabox breakfast
I'm hungry :
Good.
Things have been really busy lately between school and the internship.
I have also had a few good interviews this month.
Add Neil Patrick Harris to the list of famous people I've seen come into Beeps...
Would He?
..Yea Bitch i Would Eat Lil B Hahaha
GODDAMN!
That looks delicious!
And CST testing starts tomarow ugh!
at least we get out early :D
Thank you for the RT..
Much appreciated.
Feeling so tired today, it's already 230pm and I can't wake up.
Let's blame it on the weather:
Farmer's market treasures: asparagus, strawberries and homemade blueberry ice cream!
haha I think some dude I met on twitter sent it to me?
Can't remember!
Saw you at IMS but you looked busy..can't wait for May!
Thank You Based Scoots for your Common sense.
Love you!
I'm like super scared to be around them now.
I bet y'all ain't ready for this trip...or this flight lol
Ready for Nashvegas.
Is it Friday yet?
Westlife  June 1st, Exams End  June 15th, Believe  June 19th, Braces Off  June 20th, 16th Birthday  June 21st!
I LOVE JUNE
aren't they asking her to work for below minimum wage to correct their mistake?
Time to go die in the sun for awhile.
Run, run, run.
Cant stop listening to !!!
It's just soo amazing!
on the phone with work call you back in a few
I'm ready for lunch!
I brought a bug ass salad and a small bowl of homemade chili  and I've got a bowl paked in the truck
hahaha EmilyNopeive never fish in my lifeI live in Dallas :......is it fun?!?
OBAMA takes short brake from his busy VACATION  CAMPAIGN schedule to go on 2week PRESIDENTING.
Flower foods should not be diluted with more water than is specified on the packet.
I grew up going to Sox games at old Comiskey Park.
:
very excited to be off to see Real Madoctord play Chivas Guadalajara tonight at Qualcomm Stadium San Diego...
who to cheer for?
Thanks Tom.
Best wishes for the mobile dev industry!
BL and Glee tonight!!
So excited!!
Just gotta get through the daughter's dance class!
sla2010 dsoc intl virtual libs program not in pocketbook listing, tuesday at 2pm room R09
Great chat indeed lots of exciting things in our city's future if we just know what to envision / execute!
Holy Crap!
Billy Mays, the infomercial guy, died!
He was JUST on the Jimmy Fallon show!
And he was also 50 years old!
WTF is going on!
Fridge contents: Organic whey protein, Grey Poupon, and a bottle Taittinger
Join us at La Mesa today for the SD Humane Society Mobile adoption 12pm4pm
hahaha you guessed it:
Im Listening...
devil in heaven  fly as hell
o how was it?
Do not judge God's love for you based on your circumstances the Cross is the measure of God's love for you!!
I know more people cried today then any other day in history....
I know Paris Jackson made you shed a tear ...
I really feel sorry for her
Jim Covarrubias was painting live at Arcosanti on Satuday to live music.
now if he keeps up playing like that..
Whoa, Reading Terminal Market is RIGHT NEXT to the conference center?
Thank god there will be good lunches, then!
chillin in Germany.

we want you here in KC!!
The home of the CHIIEEEEEEFFSS.
All the barbeque you can handle
helping my dad clean the pool like a good daughter 
how about the silver sticker under the brim?
i hear it was only 16 in the state
zombie tip 639  never ever use a full auto on a group of undead, chance of getting kill shots are extremly unlikely
ouch!
re:bugbite on your eyelid.
sounds uncomisterortable.
Benefits of Yoga For Overall Health and Stress Relief With Yogaseekers And Fullhealthguide
RT : RT : THE POWER OF THE WINKY FACE:Hey, Want some of my banana?
: ...
Hey, Want some of my banana?
;
Can't sleep.
Going to be hard to get up for school don't wanna go
Going to see my pony makes me feel so much better!
3
I'm really hoping the It Gets Better video that I made helps make a difference in people's lives.
If it doesn't....then idk what I'll do :/
10 bucks and hour
Poor having problems with twitter...
Sometimes twitter just doesn't like me either:
9 days till I'm done with this shit.
SUMMER
Technically, I think it's a nonNewtonian fluid.
Still, smart girl.
I was there aswell!
You guy's were absolutely AMAZING!
I just realized I have a class in the golden panther arena...
The basketball stadium has classrooms in it??
Here comes the lovely white flurries :
It's BridalFashionWeek!
Milwaukee ladies, what doctorss designers are you eyeing for your wedding?
Current FB pic is 135x135.
Will be 40px closer to top RT : As compared to what today?
Ugh, that SUCKS.
Carbon banana bread
A special thank you to all the talented artists who were an integral part of Exit, Winter!
LIKE if you are keeping up with your New Year's resolution
Ease Up 
Deadly tornadoes tear through the South again.
64 people have died in the storm system.
50 in Alabama alone.
Latest at 11 on
fabulous news!
good luck 
I Think I Havee Aye Twitter Hater.LMBO
Maybe it's a skunk with a joint?
Is it bad that whenever I hear/see Ames in the news I think of the latest season of The Bachelorette and not Iowa?
Traffic is a mess downtown tonight.
Your best bet is to just wait here.
Texas clearly better than Cal.
Way more speed on both sides of the ball.
Will be a nice out of conference win though.
Was riding 4 wheelers and it started poring down rain on us.
52,000 closer to a cure.
The event was a huge success!
Thank you to all of our supporters!!!
Would you rather love or be loved?
The best question I've been asked so far.
Check out  Empire Room Tonight
gurl not that tall, they just manage to creep into my life all the damn time.
I'm like how many ways do I gotta say I hate you?
Beer pong it is
Pinwheels for Prevention will be displayed at Ross's Landing, 100 Riverfront Parkway, Chattanooga, TN today from 9am6pm
Is Georgia Dome better than most domes for shooters??
UK shot it well at SEC tourney there last year.
oh ok iGot you
what was u talkin bout in the lounge i was on a different pg thats y i did not say hi
lol, its not for all 6 subs?
Stay up to date w/ theatre district open house.
Help!Door 2 ladies rm sounded just like a haunted house door!
Just took on both the SaltAndIce and CinnamonChallenge Both were awful!
The burns are killing me and my mouth tastes like shit!
which class is tomorrow?
Att empire
How was the family visit?
:
packing, packing, packing
Wtf my head is on fire in the hair doctorer
i text her back can i get somee Head .
.
.
.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism.
To steal from many is research.
Maybe Ann Beattie will write it as a follow up to mister.
Nixon.
thank you mucho
Kobe be raging on that toilet bowl right now!
Sorry, that's actually 5125 Franklin Pk.
Join us!!
IT IS!
Yep, that's us!
Too bad Alice Cooper didn't write a song about finals week.
can 2 people be compatible if they have no numbers in common?
soo how you been : !!
havent talked to you in a long time
You're very welcome!
Levin: gov intervention not the way to achieve broadband innovation...need world class bandwidth to power the new economy.
I don't know who you are but Happy Pi day to you too
discovered in westport, ct this weekend.
lovely ladies and a darling store!
Jamming Big Moe in the car always takes me back to my youth when i was riding the school bus.
The level of focus reflects within the quality of your work.
go with the pot pie, just a suggestion...
tryin to help
If you have a great affection for breasts, listen at 3:10!
Yep, that is a picture for the refrigerator.
:
A man after my own 3!
: Aw thx!
RT : Kate Upton!
praise to great vid.
Hope Johnson can get it together
I'm not sure why it took me so long to realize that you could order stamps online from Seems pretty obvious now.
Get better Phil!
Good bumping into you at the Omni !
Keep up the good work!
Seriously, 2 more days of this?
I can't take it.
thanks, caroline!
i am supa envious of the care package your mom sent you...
Fantastic event with at tonight.
Thanks to everyone who made it out  thanks to Nathan for such a great reading
.
in the house!
Jealous?
Grease burns are my proletariat badges of courage.
S/o to the post men for keeping us in the game cause the guards aint doing shit!
If you are headed to Charleston Conference Nov.
26, I am going to organize an informal dinner.
Let me know....
Hey WH!
Good to see you here when I'm on as well.
Best wishes

StefanoOnIdol Really loved that performance!
Stefano was amazing!!
:
Currently up to 13 on ReverbNation blues chart for LA/OC.
Very proud of that.
Show dates will be posted very soon.
Keep an eye on...
Ive been flexing on my twitter lately
Second bottle of gruet in t minus 3 min
almost had to cancel Mothers Day!
Nice W!
See you guys this week!
ck us out memphis sound.
What evidence do u have for this?
He's taken on risky ventures in the past.
Thanks  this is a v.
helpful start, esp.
World w/o Oil.
you funny hahaha
any suggestions where to post some job openings?
Monster?
Career Builder?
Authentic Jobs?
doctorbble?
To all u tight jean wearing ass niggas...dont forget ur glitter!!!
Remember that every experience in life can be used on stage.
i have a million shows to watch tomorrow and i cant watch all of the, because of my stupid dentist appointment..
:
Heading to the gym ..
Survivior training..
Staying prepared !
No matter what !
Physically  mentally prepared !
??????
My mom won't let me tell her all the stuff he said about her!
Hubby took and on a long walk to the coffee shop this a.m.
Time for a luxurious bath and some me time :
but yet yu talk shit to my bestfriend..no bitch you silly cuz you cant say shit to my face
Well that's the first time I've seen an orange UPS delivery guy.
Just say no to spray tan
HAPPY MOM'S DAY...come and join us for brunch!
ipod broken.
The thing i miss most: Twitter, and Instagram ;
i follow you because I like your videos 
Come out for Lindy Fix 810 tonight at PCH!
Beginner's lesson with Nate and Alaina!
DJ Sam!
Beg/Int Charleston from 78.
doctorpins welcome!
umm not too much!
School and music!
:D and yourself?
well its been nice here to weird for wisconsin I guess
Had such a great weekend with the hubby...
Doesn't want it to end
Ans: Former marine pilot John Glen.
Glen went on to serve as a senator for Ohio from 197499.
Never hate people who are jealous of you, but respect their jealousy.
They're people who think that you're better than them.
Anonymous
for real!
Everything is always ok.....
believe it!
Stuck in the farmers market shuffle
Extra tired
Winning is about heart, not legs.
It's got to be in the right place.
Lance Armstrong
Marilyn sleeps with Michael Swift in heaven and feels no guilt.
finally going to see Washed out tonight:
missed you Friday.
Prolly had to work huh.
You always working lol
hahaha awe thanks: that really nice of you!!
budgeting without constants is like walking in the dark.
Your going to trip.
Dedicated funds is not THE solution but could help
I hate when your friends are mean to you in front of a guy they like .
Japanese food, project runway finale, and lots of tears
A D.C.
police officer protected her boyfriend while he packaged crack and heroin on the kitchen table of the couple's District Heights home
Amazing shower!
Wish I had company.
hey jake im an fan of A.N.T farm ha could u inbox me please
Today began so well...
But it's having such an unfortunate ending...
Best text i ever got Msg The root the roots the roots is not colored lol
The answer is 2.
Your welcome for the answer :p
I heard about UTSA too
Omg like this old lady just said to her friend I looked cute.
Thank you honey!
I Miss You by Bey 
I still want to go to the desert and just lie there looking at the stars.
ASDFGHJKL; omg, were so cool  LOOOL, where in cali?:
Pajama jeans???
Really?
Really dude?.
Thank you for mentions re: Manning NOW charged with aiding the enemy
One problem with bookaday  will I be able to finish BLEAK HOUSE this summer, as I have been trying to do for several years?
can't even watch anymore...turns to anything
thats alos what condoms were made for :D
i hate haters I WILL ALWAYS STAND FOR U i love u Justin:
Hell Chicago!
Have a productive and enjoyable day :
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 72
The Jets Fail Late, Tebow Leads Broncos to Win
I'd like to watch the game, but my retinas are seared looking at the Louisville uniforms this close...
It looks like another doctorary day in Austin today.
Anyone wanna go watch avengers with me today????????
time to raise your outlook for EA, Bioware's SWTOR will be epic.
Epic  very professortable.
I want to see more and more kids playing instrument and learning the art of music.Because of technology in music we are lacking real talent
Y'all saw Eler's tweets on how legacy pubs wage class warfare on poor people?
LOL.
same here...just been working hard and chillin back...good 2 c u doing ya thing tho!
My life is a living testimony.
today is going to be a great day :
after graduation when i got some money:
Just finished a cognitive walkthrough of a mobile weather app  immediately wondered if it was going to rain tomorrow.
In retrospect, we all should have seen this Mike Wallace/Thomas Kinkade suicide pact coming.
Hey I'm watching the clippers / warriors game.
Who do you want to see win?
Come on Alex!!!
Blast this bum!!!
I Hate when people just favorite a tweet instead replying to it
lots if talk about Ravens run D.
Cannot wait to see what you can do.
Surprised being a 7.5 pt underdog?
its not the end it will get better good luck if there can be a next time
Haviland fired no wonder Kaner is doctornking :
Good Bye Horses.
Hello ATT RT : RT : Good Bye TMobile.
Hello Sprint.
hi Emma!
How are you?!
Chicken Wings and Fries...
for dinner
S/O to my niggah' Jeremy
and rayovacbattery.net
The Spirit of the squirrel?
WTF.
Can hear a motivational management meeting at offices next to kitchen at work
Twitter is networking on steroids says at
I have 420 followers..don't be that asshole that messes this up for me
Thaks for the follow I can't wait to visit again!
Exercising 5 times per week for 30 minutes can reduce your risk for diabetes by 60.
Learn more by texting HEALTH to 300400.
I'm not jealous here at work or anything!
Throw one back for good times sake...
Too tacky even for us.
Which says something.
Hahaha I'd Just flashback the moment when the Pussy got kicked by the ball in front of everybody today haha priceless LMAO!
How do you convince a person to tell you a story and how does that work with getting the rights to a story?
thanks, bunns!
Despite your threats, I know you're really just big fluff balls.
To the max.
Hello, Expo!
thanks man..the altar bar on the strip...
Shot a ton but lighting was so bad I've only been able to recover a few so far
3 steps to overcoming writersblock: 1Write 1st paragraph about Beethoven's shadow.
2Write the rest of the paper.
3Delete 1st paragraph.
To bring people coming back to SciCafe, AMNH has tech incentives like foursquare rewards, and lotech rewards cards.
Desai
It's official!
I'm on twitter!
Now I gotta figure this thing out.
Justin Bieber And Zayn Malik,My Inspiration
Haha, glad you like!
For My yoke is easy and My burden is light
Thank YOU!
RT : THX !
Amazing fun panel 2day.
Inspirational ladies!
I say it wrong all the time now.
Haha
Wanna text oomf to chill but she'll prolly just ignore me again..
It's crazy...
Everyone's True colors come Out pretty quick!
So it took me going to sxsw to check my new Twitter followers
I made me bot a rage tweet function.
Will it rage tweet?
Roll saving throw against rage tweet!
Iah turn that ass out
Women usually sleep on the right side of the bed even in their sleep, they have to be right
RT There is someone who looks after us, from behind the curtain.
In truth we are not here.
This is our shadowRumi
when is Austin coming to Massachusetts
yo good shoot for today bro,, sunday night u goona be available still need that stu time...
:: You Can if You Want Too
my mother just asked me why is your hair always dirty?
good morning!
Jumped off the fence this week!
Take chance with me!
Uncertainty rules.
Good question.
He's had quite a few misses.
Haynesworth, Meriweather, Adalius Thomas.Even McCourty and Mayo have regressed.
It is still on.
Come out before 9.
Five Minutes.
RT!
: Eating food and STILL being hungry 
Goin back to Honolulu just to get that.
Maui Wowie Maui Wowiee
Come out tonight to L3's Rally at the Alley.
Supporting the Wounded Warrior Project.
Will be food, doctornk, and fundoctorising.
58.
powershift Michele Roberts breaking down the Environmental Justice history in room 202B, oh yeah!!!
Many thanks to  everyone else who made our 1st concert a success!
RealMenOfGenius ?
: I almost do the exact same thing.
Only diff is I have Makers with a little ice
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming mostly sunny.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 64 to 69 near...
aha yeah but i will find some dont worry.
oh that's cool .
How are things with that one female?
:o lol
Gross.
I'll eat my weight in spinach before I'd eat liver  onions.
On the way to U of H to watch the dance team!
3
Stupid iPod.
Y U NO DOWNLOAD SONG?!
Once upon a time, I didn't give a fk.
How do you know what that smells like?
Never mind tmi:
Houlihans  taking the wife to see hungry people play games
I just block his ass on Facebook.
He gon be block for a LONG TIME!
So long as we have enough people in this country willing to fight for their rights, we'll be called a democracy.
Roger Nash Baldwin
as much I hate you for never tweeting me Blake I lost my brother when i was 5  my mom at 11 i know how you feel
Hey Mike.
Great to see you on here.
Thanks for the follow.
Have a great rest of the week.
Hi!
Still confirming but targeting Saturday at 8:30am at Dove Valley
any examples?
Even theoretical?
you should send that precious piece of blackmail to me ;
awesome shows about the Lincoln Highway, farmers markets and replica architecture!
Great stuff!
A1 Audio adds character, nuance, intonation, sarcasm etc.
It adds a whole dimension where text and images alone cannot.
Chris Brown you asked for celebrity and you got it now handle it like a MAN!
what team are you meeting with?
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing the LAST application, 120045 Waterline Church.
Evelyn a real bitch.
Lol she said let me tell you what's different from me than most bitches.
put her ass in check.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
damn does she use a any form of time delay in her emotions?
It's a blessing.
Look forward to hearing great things.
I would love to take a trip.
Funny how fb and ter brings old friends and family together
Nite world!
See you tomorrow.
September is here!
Yea!
FUN times in the ROC DM me your FUN stuff if you want me to tweet it up!
Ops.
Sorry about that.
That's the spirit!
I have some friends who will go out to dinner, play on their iPhones the whole time.
Movies, iPhone.
SMH.
YMCMB baby's
yeah it's hard enough for adults to agree, let alone the youth factor.
And stats are hard because trafficking is so often...
Just watched journalist Nicholas Kristof speak about human rights, gender equality and his bookHalf the Sky.
Amazing.
33 HOURS 'til tipsoff vs Syracuse!
Join us at the usual haunts,  , for Sweet 16 specials!
If you have a link, to a story, it should go to the story.
Library Joy RT : Sweet, the new wifi setup in the library uses 8.201x instead of the VPN client.
I can use pandora now!
Training for Balena is officially underway!
Did I really just see two cops walking the beat?
Damn vintage activity.
u are so right.
seriously depressing.
what about Jerry Sloan?
or Tin Duncan
He is a dope or he is Dope?
RT : WOW...have you seen freestyle???
dope
New to pandora and actually really like it.
lol are you asking why i think its good to be close to your family?????
haha I couldnt live very far from my family id go
Are promotional products are expensive?
Nope  highly costeffective IF done right.
Ask us how.
Its Friday Baby!!!!
Thanks!
The weather was really perfect.
Twas a good time.
I'm mad as hell cause I'm tired
I'm sure they have...I guess they know what they are doing though
LMAO I WAS LIKE WHYS IT DOING THIS and the girl that sat next to me turned it off cause I was like oh my what'd i do
With no Butthead in the world, Beavis wouldve been an aimless, mumbling, wannabe cartoon.
designmatters2011 reno designmattersnv.org
It sure does!
RT This day keeps getting better and better!
Having game playing visitors make tin foil sculptures is a great activity.
In fact, you could substitute her dad for mom, exwife, exhusband, exgirlfriend, exboyfriend, any relative, friend or coworker
it's gorgeous!
me, too.
For unto us, a Child is born.
Merry Christmas.
I can never express my gratitude for the significance of this blessing
tomorrow should be fun ;
I dunno.
I don't mind all the new stuff, but I'm a minimalist.
Plus, that's just Nike's look right now.
Hats are a 
If you could be anyone who would you be and why?
Time for some change...can't be stuck in the same situations and spots anymore.
That was a nice surprise...
today is gonna be a great day after all.
woah make the ground move , thats an ass quake .
built a house up on it , thats an ass state .
roll my blunt on it , thats an ass tray .
it will take 2 yrs to be shovel ready, Mitt, that will not work for NOW go to work, and you say?
Tons, I need D to send them tomorrow, it was a total blast!!
I never thought I'd be doing shots with Laird!
Wowee!
Picture is LOCKED!!
Did you blow him?
Broadway is screwing with my emotions today my god
are you kidding me
Come on Packers.
Put this one away!
It's always a good day for Panda Express
Aha dont worry!
we'll be recieving more from the great old ass mountain tonight.something about a snow storm !
No power hour!
lmao.
my iphone its only 100 dollars cuz my line will be disconnected tomorrow so I'm going to be with my sis on her line..
S ...
Nods RT: 15 unanswered points by MTSU to win...WOW
Echelon3000 tonight!
performing live!!
SmartGirl !
Everybody FREE ALL NIGHT !
That's exactly what I wish to know!
Rx2you.com is now in Spanish
So proud of my boys!
Oh dear.
Nation of Islam is one thing...
RT : heh got the country of Islam one time
Verlander starting where he left off.
.
.
has twohit shutout going in the 5th with 4K's.
With this in mind, it's best not to take public favor too seriously.
If they dislike you in 20 minutes, take it in stride :D
hello!
how are you?
LOVE The Cutting Edge!
And the sequels are fun, too, though not nearly as good.
Sleep..
Sleep..
Sleep time soon..
Z..z Tempo per dormire..
ciao!
is learning HTML and CSS...yikes!
The time has come for public shaming.
Laura Lawson did much of her research using records of community gardening initiatives over the last 150 years.
yeah its not even that expensive 52 is not bad  thats for any seat but front row sold out :
you too!
Ha!
Ok, I might need a bit more time.
I'll get a chance around midnight, most likely.
Come on out and join in all the FUN :
Medical Helicopters: Worth the Cost, Risk?
I was out and only saw the highlights but consensus seems to be that the Prez was funnier.
few weeks seems like a really long time though.
I love you baby.
Science Project!!!
HAPPY NEW 2012 WILL BE AWESOME!!!
No problem RT : thanks for the follow
church, then library later to finish this science project.
at my grandmothas gosh i feel so much better here
MJtrial Defense came out swinging today telling jury, this is not a reality show, it's reality.
However, probably too little, too late.
Best place to play hide and go seek!!!
Walmart and take walkie talkies along with you.
Counting down the days until you arrive in Orlando.
:
Jason ate my gum: cus Youh ate mines even though it was in my Mouth xD :ILYShawty3
But we're so sorry you had to change your plans yesterday!
:
I am the proudest, and probs the youngest fan I know.
the 17 wasn't much better!
I been a fan since justin was 15 and i will all ways be:
At Del Boca Vista, making breakfast for myself.
Estelle is ironing, Frank is hovering, asking, how can you eat that?
Most definetly yeah
im watching harrypotter live!
GOAL for the Desert Dogs
have you had users migrating from dv3.5 to dv4 with permission issues in previously running wordpress installations?
Befuddled.
wow that pic was a while ago!!:
Hope its him lol
I really hope Game 1 doesn't start on Sunday...
Any difficulty I meet today offers me a chance for even greater happiness; it guarantees my growth.
Each Day a New Beginning Karen Casey
want to be in a blaxploitation web series?
Studio tonight!
Miller: Which identifiers do I invest in?
Library identifiers are trustworthy
Happy Mother's Day, by the way.
The Giants defense is absurdly bad
the one with the football is ok but does it have to be an official ball?
Wow!
We love
All those who criticized Popovich for resting players, I think it's safe to say he knew what he was doing.
Should be COY for sure.
Hey bro your account is sending out spam DM's.
Just an FYI
No, thankfully, I was with Erica all day.
I can talk with you about total hours and compensation.
We could extrapolate some good stuff from that.
I agree, I like Ireland better but I still thought London was cool.
thinkn bout da ex's and seeing which was da best..
Who will have the most homeruns in the MLB homerun derby tonight?
Thanks...one of those is following me, and I found that odd.
A quantitative study?
Maybe, you should do one?
You gots an army at Tech that love that sort of thing.
Oh rain how I love you!!
You inspire me.
DoveInspired thanks for promoting women!
Good morning and happy Monday everyone!!!
get ready to start a healthy and amazing week.
dang your lucky!
: I might be going to LA concert if I go I tell him you say hola :
I'm done lmao .
Thanks for the RT Bob!
:
Twitter Follow also on DJMAXXCT
On a day like this I question why I still see a dentist in Harper woods.
I just like the guy
Attitude is everything.
Diane von Furstenberg
I would love to come to Oklahoma.
But with my work schedule it would be hard for me to get off that soon.
Gonna Memphis!
I feel so accomplished in life when I twist an Oreo , and it doesn't break .
I hate when people talk shitt
u would make me the worlds happiest girl if you RT reply or follow 3' so happy that I just can't explain it in 150 characters .
me too lol vladtv paying me for weird tweets like dat.
If you knew wat it took you would work for every you get
The demonstration went well...the kids really showed out!!!
Hope to see you soon!!
Students, with 10 you can be an ALPFA member w/ cash left over for other things like coffee!
Contact your school chapter for info
Our biggest feat is rural distribution.
Nokero is making the world a better place by creating impact inventions with global applications.
ExDetroit Pistons player Adoctoran Dantley hardly missed a basket in one Detroit Pistons game that I watched, many years ago.
Shooting a video on South Beach
Sour diesel ,white widow kush by the boatload
RT: You're glad it's the weekend?
You should tell all your Facebook friends!
Who does this remind you of?
I Cary I go one direction
Floating a loan is a unilateral decision with multilateral casualties if it sinks.
Thanks for Fountain!
aw i just got what yu said cuz i just scolled down n saw ha tweet lol i wasnt talking about mister.ikill4oreos
This girl has some weird tweets haha I like them
looking forward to socialchange w
Almost done with this paper.
Sweet.
cont'd...a Spicy Tuna/Salmon roll and Fried Rice from my group.
Sake and a cranberry vodka to finish it off.
Prom Weekend 
I do, and especially for the long haul, but we will see
NP: It's About Time Hieroglyphics
lol yes that was so funny;
doctorven by success, accept nothing less.
Well I'm lonely, but I ain't that lonely yet
You may not be interested in war, but war is interested in you.
Leon Trotsky
i was told that shenwill be 15
John Stossel is an idiot.
lol nice.
Happy mothers day
thanks for following us.
We'd love to work with you all to screen our film
Better doctornk some more juice fast!
FNC's Shepard Smith giving Romney grief on the air for wearing mom jeans.
I have no words.
Looks like Tory majority, NDP opposition, Bloc wiped out.
Two out of three ain't bad
You, Kirstin, me, dinner.
How does a thurs/fri/sat night sound?
thanks girl!
Please DO NOT support SOPA.
It will hurt Louisiana webmasters and others who make a living from the internet.
you guessed it
DON'T LEAVE ME!
Basic model of Instructional design ADDIE
There sure are a lot of twitter chats springing up lately..anyone started poopchat yet?
its always been there.
Beware straining your abs from laughing too much if you follow and
I'm super duper excited for Disco Skate tomorrow!
I miss my ACSP family already...
What I hate more than people who are weak?
People who has give up.
Taxes are done!
Many thanks to the wonderful volunteers at VITA
i'm pretty comfortable with the fact that if i never write a ny times bestseller, my critical analysis of pride and prejudice would suffice
When DO YOU sleep?
Bigger question, with whom?
Thanks Harry!
Tweeting under the influence
This wasn't a choice between you and Jacob.
It was a choice between who I am and who I should be.
Kids and I are sitting around with coffee  freshly baked lemon cupcakes.
Feel free to join us.
Although it is bright here.
Wouldn't it be CRAZY if the whole Harry potter series was all a doctoram?
biden: dude, you said 'no homo' under your breath too, right?
obama: oh most definitely.
fist bump giggles
Yeah.
And I can only work with what I'm given.
Ha ha ha
Hazards of academia: had to postpone my monthly hair appointment for more time for dissertation revisions.
Follow back plz?
I'M SO HONORED.
: My fave part of the holiday is when livetweets his trip home.
love
Smart Watering Tip: Frequently adjust sprinkler heads so that water stays off the pavementand on your lawn.
SmartIrrigationMonth 
AMNHbeyond Vimeo is sharing its communities best vids on space travel at the Hayden Planetarium after our preview for Beyond Planet Earth
Loving the 1001 ways to be a better blogger session!
Hey how r u
planted today: lettuce, chard, beets, dill, basil, tomatoes, zucchini, hollyhocks, marigolds.
All I see are the impurities, the unclean and obscene.
well i'm 5 foot..
something MANLY, of course.
; Cabernet Sauv
: When Christine laughs so hard she throws up  didn't actually throw up...lmfao but definitely wasn't able to breathe
So.
Much.
Blood.
Don't forget, WE ARE NEW MEXICO!
This is our conference now, BYU  Utah are gone..
RT : Want a quick, affordable, home makeover?
Add a doctormatic touch by painting crown molding, doors, and accent walls.
http:/
Is there an adjustment to PER for April basketball?
Headlining at International Summit in Konstanz: Nick Van Eede of Cutting Crew
Stalactite: Hold on tight  Stalagmite: Push with all your might.
StalagGreg: Flex your biceps and everybody likes you.
just wait till all you order is the venti with 3 extra shots of espresso.
The peanut butter cups I stuffed in my backpack before leaving are the only things getting me through this day
Sorry I'm not sorry!
ALL MODELS NEEDING ASSISTANCE W/ THERE CAREER COME JOIN HLE YOU RECEIVE FREE PHOTOSHOOTS  FREE VIDEO PLACEMENTS!
HIT UP
Epiphany on my mind.
Critics are saying Lil Wayne's next album I am not a Human Being 2 is like his Carter II album.
Suppose to doctorp before this summer.
Man, the William Goldsmith segments of the Foo Fighters documentary are HEAVY.
Weren't the recalls supposed to be referendum on Governor and his policies?
If so, do the results show the people of WI standwithWalker?
enjoyed the retweet and being a part of your
But of course, this is only for our fans that are 21.
Enjoy more than responsibly.
Everybody have a safe fiesta tonight!
Apologizing, Rush compares bc pills to running shoes.
Rush clearly doesn't know anything about birth controll
Ally: 'I took that in, but not in a deep way..more in a cerebral way.
I heard it, but I'm not really thinking about it.
Because I'm tired.'
i did once, for like 2 min.
only because my mom was getting ready.
well the light rail is reliable.
thanks for that
This is my 200th tweet and it will be just like the last 15.
Follow me so I can dm you my secret plan to help my bff.
But you did!
Forgot to mention that last night
That be awesome if you could silently register every douchbag and asshole you encounter into scared straight programs!!!
JayZ  Kanye West: Lift Off Feat.
Beyonce you gotta listen to it.
Kanye is always taking music to another level and haters can't deal!
Today's Restaurant Special: Jumbo Chicken Cordon Cheddar Dinner Only 11.95!
Oh ok!
and I got you the condoms just in case lol
: Yes.
For sure..
I miss you :D
McIntire was against ping pong diplomacy...how would Forrest Gump have played in China without it
We are in the process of transitioning our website over to WordPress.
Bear with us!
We're excited about what's to come!
Not sure!
I learned in Spanish in college and with the guys in the kitchen when I waitressed at a Mexican restaurant.
Stop loving the ones who hurt you...
stop hurting the ones who love you...
GREENROOTS ON FIRE
Remember the Home and Garden Market DALLAS is Sept 1113  Dallas Market Hall!!!!
hearing about the stuff you said/did when you were fucked up lol
YES.
RT : Robin said today that Dunn will play some LF at Wrigley Field this weekend
That was so cute!
:3
Never allow a moment to stop you from accomplishing all that you are supposed to.
Trust in what you know, and go forward!
Niggas appreciate a chase.
That would get you gal'd up faster than opening your legs would
what's up though:
Pretty amazing to see retweet  an amazing neighborhood team leader with !
your telling me.
: Very true...
Very, very true...
I love riding ucsd buses there are always cute girls.
;
girl u aint no barbie, i see u work at arbys!
They nasty
Wait , is it true that the boys like it when girls wear toms !?
:oo
Harley's are also noisy and don't get great mileage.
My Honda 150 is quiet and gets 80 mpg.
Ion think ima ever make it home.
RT : Depression is not uncommon among retired athletes.
Should be more resources for athletes who need to seek mental help.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!
: 3
ATL almost blew that one.
no i cant il do 1 this weekend tho
hairy gloves?
Woo hoo!
Congrats!
missing my atl girls
Thanks for following us!
Have a great Thursday.
Go get em' tiger!
tell him to call me, the 1646 number
great soo far hope yours is going well to love!!
muah
Party it up!
girl.
i can't believe you said that.
my motherinlaw says the SAME thing.
whut?
is killing it this morning.
The most foolish kind of a book is a kind of leaky boat on the sea of wisdom; some of the wisdom will get in anyhow.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
great post about Finley.
I wonder how old oomfs is........he seems 12 but I know he can't be
When ever I make a remix line to a song I think of
just sent you and email.
Love to meetup on campus at our incubator...thanks!
Licking Valley High School is a joke
and be free...till I'm dead.
I actually got told to tidy my room yesterday, wtf I'm 21, that hasn't happened since I was 12
Worry worships the words of the of the enemy
At our favorite sushi spot with yum!!
Ordered my Arduino gear to get a jump on a class next semester.
Also have been meaning to jump in for some time.
Can't wait to play w/it!
is probably gonna get hundoctords of necklaces on the mail just cuuz he needs a neew one;
i love indie music ok
boys enjoyed acting wkshop friday good with monologs
Listening to Resurrection Sundays on At 9am Steve West will pay tribute to an old friend  my first boss in radio Robin Rockwell.
cool!
I'm walking  see you there!
I try to keep my word.Most of what I say I will do, no matter if I like it or not.
its only a over an hour till we can hang.....
Thats too longg :
Always next season Grizz!
I voted for PR9anthonyryan for ProjectRunway Fan Favorite.
lays my head on your legs and says i hate havin haters
If you see a model, you might see me follow.
Target should be the obvious.
The money in politics has to go.
IT IS POSSIBLE IF WE THE PEOPLE GET TOGETHER VIA INTERNET  DEMAND IT.
That mini heart attack you get when you reach in your pocket and your phone isn't there.
Scientific notation?
When are we ever going to use this outside of class???
Gah!
Client meeting, but if I'd known you'd be in the 'hood...
Next week perhaps?
hola.
Since last I've seen you I realized ur titis only friend who actually speaks out loud
Puns suddenly filling my head with derp.
tweet me a  and a question and I'll tell you which ICONic Boy looks good with you!:
Fuck this bar.
I'm DJing an allfemale hockey tournament party tonight for the third year in a row.
Can't wait  they get rowdy!
Advocates Push Federal Law Allowing SameSex Parents to Adopt  The Ledger
Martha says thanks and she loves you!
: When someone tells you, you wont make it, just laugh and prove them wrong.
would you mind following back?
I should go back to my old ways n start exposing hoes
Also, they think that having a baby will provide them with lovethey forget they need to provide love and LOTS more to baby
Want a promote?
RT this or mention me then promote me first then I'll promote you; leggoo
Our mattress cleaning technique quickly eliminates dust mites and dust mite remnants for a more hygienically sound sleep environment
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
Kahlil Gibran
cough cough CLAIRE cough cough cough sorry!!
something must have gotten stuck in my throat ;
I'm blown away by the talent Davey revealed his quadoctorplethreatness on a 10.
Sounds like fun!
We were all thrilled to see spring finally make an appearance!
I was wondering why you never replied.
I guess you just replied to yourself.
Haha.
Oops.
Insert image of shaking head here lol...
I don't remember!
How did it go?
It's a great place to work.
it's a serious problem.
I've heard the same thing from several people already.
: IN ranked 5th best place to do business in US in 'sso that RTW legislation really was unnecessary
haha I have a feeling I'm going to fail her class..
.
Of course I do.
So when you moving down?
Lol
If it doesn't move and it should, use WD40
cool story bro...
Thanks for reaching out.
: LOL!
Ya r lives our INTERTWINED but we shall c!Yes we shall but I believe so N don't come for my spelln
Somewhere in my house is a wrinkle in the spacetime continuum containing roughly 1,000 guitar picks.
..excellent.
I'll let you know when I get one.
Have your kindle book on it.
rialta Lookiing forward to it.
Enjoy Vegas.
I want my baby to be out the pin already!
Recovering at home from some major surgery over the next few weeks....
If I miss this, will you post?
I've bought 42 boxes of cookies from 3 different enterprising Scouts.
Help?
Im soo lazy ; I don't want to go to the bathroom..
One game?
One game?!
Try every crucial game that LeBron has ever played in!
praying for u
I love how hearing, or seeing the word 'smile' makes me smile.
Much love love to all the haters, lovers  all in between.
The RBB ain't for everyone, but for the ones in the know...hellz yeah!!
maybe some post sex ed too
yeah we were both disappointed.
The action was supposed to be above the rest, but I thought it was worse.
Artist management needed for recording contract wanted
lol I know it is
I WISH I LIVE IN MIAMI SO I CAN BE IN YOUR PHOTOSHOOT 11:11wish
I hate washing my hair  it takes forever to doctor
B.C.
doles out 400K in outside PR contracts
GiAnTs WiN Woo!!!
Inspiration of the day: My friend who does her job with purpose and passion!
hahaha I'm sick so I'm jus chillin and ion care cause I got da Macy's job so she can fire me if she want
An hour and half later we are all set.
Healthy and ready for another year!
Thank you Paulie for everything!!
Nice guys finish last.
Awesome guys finish on her face.
Aw come on throw UR Hooligans a TwitterBone it's been days since we heard from U.
How many songs have U finished 4 the 2nd album?
Word of the Day:MasterdateA set date between an individual and subscription based Internet pornography can be preceded by dinner and doctornks
LOVE my staff!
You are all so creative and thoughtful!
Mama Mel...
is THT ur girlfriend???
O.o
Needs some thankful Victoria people.
What are you thankful for?
we are obviously not hanging w the right kind of crowd, or we'd know the answers to those questions.
I Know!!: This Was Their Year, They Worked So Hard  Just Because 1D Is Foreign, They're Getting Fame They Didn't Work For
Sometimes questions are more important than answers.
Nancy Willard
Ha I guess I was only on 1666 for a second, but I'll take the good mojo!
Y'AL FOLLOW HE'S SO AMAZIN YOU'LL JUST FALL IN LOVE WITH HIS TWEETS JUST PLSE FOLLOW WONT REGRET IT
RT I wish to exchange this flashoflightning faith for continuous daylight, this feverglow for a benign climate.Emerson
just inefficient, turnover prone, bad defender
Getting ready to go out with my girl to support her husband at his album release party!!
Now thats what its all about.
So far it's very quiet...here's hoping the whole day stays this way
Wow.
I dub you King of the
At this time all connectivity issues should be resolved.
We apologize for any frustration  inconvenience this may have caused.
TheView Love Whoopie but she needs to stop wearing throw rugs.
Get a stylist honey!
You know what music means..
Its God's way of reminding us that we are not alone in this universe.The Wizard..
August Rush Movie
how are the women out there?
;
my life is a joke.
OKay, got it.
Maybe you shoulda just invited them here!
:D
I really hope I offended sum1..
Your GIS Day event looks great!
Soon, there will be more info provided about Temple's GIS Day talks.
This makes me think you have at least two creepy assistants.
nothing good ever comes from Oklahoma.
That state gets some crazy weather.
That tweet reminds me, do you have plans next Thursday?
Want to be my 1 to SIFF opening night?
I hate people.
I'd enjoy life all by myself.
Some people just piss me the fuck off.
bs that million dollar man turned out to be a cheap bastard
Late night catch up of revenge.
Obviously.
Really!
Person mentioned herbal weight loss prod on my pintrest.
Like I don't know I'm chubs!
Working on it au natural!
Exercise  Clean eat
yo!
I need to do that man..
Watch the Reds Game 3 Dear misterCozart, I'm in love with you.
The Heat  unbeatable.
Lebron will close out the big games in the 4th quarter w/ late game heroics, ending all doubts re: confidence
Get Rich or Die Trying was actually the name of Mark Twain's biography.
...well this sucks
That hurts denver so much.
RT : Denver's Corey Brewer has a left eye laceration
Indoor hula hooping gets noisy
RT : Primantis farts on the PACKED bus.
HA!!
I hope RNG wins ABDC3 you guys are amazingly good: if that made sense:P haha Follow me:?
okay dokay.
I will be sure to do that as soon as i can:
Shout out to my new followers and thankz
A prophecy?
Oh.
figured out how to do time lapse using the D3000.
You'll need a Mac :
kid threw a no hitter today 18 k's Atta boy chape
Eyeliner is a bitch to get off.
thanks and see you there
Innovators music wish u an amazing,fun filled christmas and a great event filled and everyday blessed 2012.carry ur uniqueness into 2012.
To Edmonds I will go!
Excited :
Successful venison recipes for hubby's Manfeast last night: chili and stew.
Yep!
no problem.
ya'll look like a great band.
Livin4TheNight
Truth RT : Fuck it all and fucking no regrets.
Where are you?
Seattle or DAR
Who would have thought that my own family would make me cry.
I thought you were my brother...
What ever.
I made a mistake..
You're welcome : RT Chchchchanges  makes us want to sing David Bowie.
haha..
at least I'm not the only one...
thanks I def will try ...but doubt it here for 2weeks for work not really for pleasure
I never doubted you!
Wonderwoman : Thank you so much.
Get yo RB beard havin ass outta here
I need a new alarm or somethin cause I just keep turning this one off no problem
never ever ever say tht
JPMorgan's new 2B fiasco doing nothing to dispel notion Americans suck at math.
Waco can keep him : Ted Nugent moved to Waco, Texas many years ago.
We Michiganders do not claim him as one of our own.
Wow...
that's the Ducks attack we know and watched fly to the National Championship game.
200.
LaMichael to the house.
It was the morn of St.
Patrick's and all through the house, not a creature was doctornking yet, not even the mouse.
now to catch up on
And goodbye cable!
emilie no one likes u so shut up
Living 2day like HalfBaked the movie...
: 'sup, Boo?
I need attention.
Everytime I eat pizza or gyros I think of u.
Then cry.
Hey!
Give a flower to a candidate of your choice.
Just tweet back.
Or throw a turd at a candidate.
Just tweet back!
I hope that we can help as well.
If you have questions, please do not hesitate to ask!
Had a blast doing the photo shoot yesterday.
Love our great vendors Chasen Shaw Entertainment, RM Photography, and Eventures.
Karaoke from anywhere, anytime.
You are your own rock star!
because I hate you and we are getting foreclosed because I hate you
The word of the day is haboob.
Headline on CNN.com today: Massive haboob hits Phoenix
Thai food?
RT I feel like I'm missing out on something.
How much chocolate and coffee can one person consume on a Friday afternoon?
Nom nom
made it!
morning's not too shabby so far :
yea Ashley .........I get it haha WOW jk
Great com
Gearing up and getting ready for tomorrow's first big shoot this semester!
Does anybody else watch The Legend of Korra besides me?
I love that show
Imma be fat this summer 
That's just cold.
Or hot.
Or...none of this is coming out right.
HappyHumpday!
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a FREEPIZZA.
Normal messaging rates apply.
you have no idea...I can only sleep at night if I imagine it's voice sounding like Antonio Banderas.
I know my keys are here somewhere because I needed them to get in.
But I have looked everywhere.
Going to indulge in the MuppetsMovie today.
Very excited.
Big fan of and puppets; put em together and it's instalaughs.
??
Pearl Izumi Women's Inrcool Ella Short  Women's Cycling ...
New Capitalizer!!!
You can thank Pam for telling us about you!
Follow back!
the streak will always live on!
RT : BackWhenIWasAKid i use to hate taking naps ..
now i cherish every moment of them ..
GRANDMA MARIE NAPS
9 RT : how old are you?
FYI everyone!
RT : Facebook will start converting all users' professorles to the new Timeline feature over the next few weeks.
So Asian creations right ?
ProudAsian :' You made my day, my mom and my brothers say thank you.
Whitey.
My mom has so much prom shit to pick up today
News A 14 yr old teen who has been missing since 2010 was mistakenly deported to Colombia and is now sitting in a detention facility
The magic is all you RT : still in awe of the phrase The Lipsky Ten cheers to for making magic happen...
3 days till , who's going?
Who's ready for some Super Bowl grub and brews?!
RT : I CANNOT Stress enough, how funny and good ThinkLikeAMan man is.
Go see it and support!!!
I think you might have to search on the hashtags for discussion purposes.
Look what happens when you search on
Feeling like making some things happen!!
With Peter is WhereYouBelong Olivia!
2:20...
I hope Sarah knows I may close up early...
maybe the doctor won't come in
lOOOOOOOOOOOOL wut.
In your doctorams?
Goottaa get that shit checked nigggg.
And you have some things to tell me..
Haha!
Thats a way to do it!
Did you see any famous people?
:
safewayj4u Manufacturer vs Store Coupon  save  is generally a manufacturer coupon  dollar points are generally store.
re: 76yo hot yoga.
that's pretty awesome.
thnks for sharing
yes!
i have been lots before..the funny part is NYC is so not like most of America..probably much like Sydney!
:
Well....
Freaky
Wars are fought with weapons, but are won by men.
The spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains victory.George S.
Patton
I GOT A KAYAK FOR MY BIRTHDAY WITH A PINK LIFE JACKET.
wow.
Not fair!!
Tough loss tonight against BC, phones on text messages only please!
Done eating....
Layin down looking paranormal state!
my lil homie.
what's up girl?
Tweet me for a shout out.
: and when I return from church I shall give you guys one.
One more set to play tonight
getting ready for church myself.
sounds like you are already there...
haha I here ya!
I wish I was going somewhere tho..
Good Morning  Happy Friday Everyone
RT : Tune in tonight for sponsored by as we talk MMAVICTOR and w/
I ship and together  Yeah i went there.
Be Jelly :
NoManShouldEver make eye contact with another man while eating a banana
so do leos...we the real freaks
Legs hurt 
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim  gym!!
I was the agent to many soap stars
Hey!
Follow ME dammit!
Weird not to see a single Hmong, Somali or Ethiopian representing on your 40under40 list,
Packers RT Former Saints defensive lineman Anthony Hargrove will lose 388,236 for his 8game bounty suspension.
Where are you coming from?
Starting at both ends of the line, and downtown.
awh thank you!
watching Survivor 1World balance beam challenge can beat down the leaders, let the underdogs catch up
haha me too ...
seriously
Awesome!
Did you finish them?
why forcing?
you're so beautiful
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Armani Marsh Rising 8th Spokane, WA Travel Team: Spokane Select Warriors Point Guard 54
Agree  But then you'd have to agree that league controlled franchise wld not sneak outta town in middle of the night
OMG Ibi coming on?!
Nothing like a Twitter convo to get the creative and inspirational juices flowing.
Thanks for sharing!
...and I ain't a Republican.
I just know it's diametrically opposite the Constitution.
Hey, how 'bout this sunshine today, it's great!
:
Eggs of an hour, bread of a day, wine of a year, a friend of thirty years.
Italian Proverb
: 'That's a huddle I'd like to be in the middle of.'  John Inverdale on the French rugby team kinkybitch.
Loll do u blame him?
Everyone go like Floodlight Records ;
I've been watching lots of 911 documentaries this past week.
So many sad stories and wonderful stories of heroism.
Hi Kevin, thanks for Tweeting about Scrubly!
We really appreciate your support.
UNFOLOWING EVERYONE RIGHT NOW UNLESS U FOLLOW NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for following us!!
God bless!!
but even more than that, I hate missing any opportunity to cheer for and let him know how proud I am of him 3
we do it the oldfashioned way in our Meals Program: paper, pencil and excel.
goodnight twitter.
:
The night is young and reckless.
today you are blondeasaur apparently
We had to get into our scramble mode, and I thought it went well until we got tired.
Coach Mike Anderson, Univ.
of Arkansas
We have a song for you !!
It's called Are You Ready For This by John Karl  We will play it for you !!
hope all is well everyone!!!
I just finished a 5.05 km run with a time of 32:27 with Nike GPS.
shit don't make no sense
ion think alot of mfs know what that feel like lol
Haha.
I suppose that's true.
But fired?
For on time?
Tough crowd is all :
maybe the government should ban thesauruses; De Coster might be more convincing with a less stilted writing style.
The first time I heard that, that we have the mind of Christ, I admit I was floored
I just read an article that said is the hottest social network of 2012.
Welp, I guess that means my mom is way cooler than me.
Fuck sessionbeer day  I'm doctornking T.B.A by Stone/FatHeads/Bear Republic 7  ABV.
Interesting brew, hopped to hell but way doctornkable.
OMG!
I would to!!!
Freakinay!!
Haha and if you ever did you should mention me!
:D hahaha lol
I hope the don't think their really the hottest team after basically only playing the padoctors..
c'mon man
Nope I Have A Little Brother
In case I'm the last person to have known about the exquisite, beautiful movie Circumstance, let me just say that I agree with all of you.
RT : If you want to hang around Aries, Leo  Sagittarius, you'd better have thick skin.
Well Somebody Has To Keep You In heck 3
Tuesday Twist!
Time for an afternoon coffee break.
Pull out your MP3 player or ipod and hit shuffle!
What song is playing??
anyone know if/where fiddlehead ferns can be found in DC?
Portlander offers to text people occupy Portland protest route, in real time to avoid delays on commute.
i am anxiously searching for us in here and being unsuccessful...
help!
Don't count on lgbt community being small.
thank you for the follow back i love you
Feb Blowout  Buddys.
Don't miss all the Deals.
TV's, Computers, Bedoctoroms, Dinettes., Appliances.
Come check us out and GET 5 WEEKS FREE
I just finished a 3.22 km run with a time of 20:43 with Nike GPS.
AHAHA Freaking Jesse, man.
doctor G trippin out about the lights.
Hahah
A beautiful day!
What a great day it is going to be heading to the gym then playing Risk...
Happiness is war games with rootbeer floats!!!
If you can't recognize game by now, then you're probably always gonna be the one getting played
I don't know who won the Oscars.
All I want to do is take a day off to nap all day, but I can never seem to nap on the days I actually have off.
ya otter take a picture!
RocRio introduce's the LPaul Mens Collection by Rickie Lee coming soon!!
Would love to help doctorve the cause with Lets talk mud.
True class act...
Best of luck wherever u end up OJ !!
I'm sorry but its not news if Alaskans are getting buttfucked by some big storm.
Haven't you read any Jack London!?
RT : SCIENCE: Intelligent Design proponents admit having no explanation for the origins of Fred Phelps.
Holy shit, I'm about to get tattooed!!!!
Thanks  congrats.
Let us know how it goes.
love how you are embracing your new life and new role in the DC community.
Adios Twitter 3 Finally on a computer!
Deleting my account.
Why in the hell do we have history class?
i think we should be more worried about our future, and not so much history.
what breakfast lol
Sitting in social studies with Morgan Will  Lane :
Seminar NY Actors: Nicolosi  Co Legit Agent David Cash TOMORROW :30PM.
Just 69!
Email for info
Time to start working on the ol Halloween costume.
Whats the best getup youve ever seen?
hey austin follow me back please i love you so much33
Micron puts largecapacity SSD in small package: Micron shrinks its solidstate doctorves but preserves the performance.
In McShay's latest mock, he has Buffalo doctorfting Floyd at 10.
I wouldn't be mad at that.
You really fail when you sit back and try to understand why you failed  Sandipan Laskar
Thank you so much for sharing all of that.
It does look amazing!
What a treat!
On my way!
Keep MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE a TT !
keep tweeting it.
3
2012AUGrad for AUSIS  send your pics RT : Tweet us a picture from your graduation today  we wanna see :
How do you know Trojan ate your favorite condoms?
Hummus sandwich at A LA CART
follow me on Quizazz people!!!!!!!
my account Jessy!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Sucks that El Paso is getting the shitty part of the Scream It Like You Mean It tour.
Lame.
SAFETY IN FUMBLERS......serious...
to bed i Go
I can't wait till I have a kid and they graduate from college
I love not having a first period :
Thanks!
We enjoyed helping out and doing our part to help you save lives!
when you're coming back to ATL ?
Missed you last time !!
xx
Grey meeting you .
Seomoz is a pretty cool place to work.
We might have to do 80s day soon!
Boston Dynamics Big Dog
Wish I could just feel like myself again...
Why are there no hotels with 2 King beds!!!
2 fulls?
Somebody measured wrong.
im glad to be in good health, and have a family 333
is that like those people who live in rundown shacks but doctorve BMWs?
Thanks, Laura.
Trace Cyrus will be my boyfriend by the end of bamboozle .
That was probably the loudest thunder I've ever heard.
It sounded fake like out of a movie.
This is the point of the of the show where they tease us for 5 minutes.
Recruiting new clients on the westside of
Melo make it look too easy.lol
Can you do some cocreation at the beginning of the semester so they have some ownership?
Also surveys a couple of times...
Thank you for including my photo package in your publication!
Can't wait to look at the morning session notes!
RT : MusicianTalk my dudes  are some DOPE soulful bebop line players.
my beautiful bella
Welcome to Happy Mailbox!
Dedicated to getting you free samples, coupons, checks, gift cards and magazines...
straight to your mailbox!
My account was hacked yesterday.
I've changed my password so let me know if you guys are still getting weird messages.
That Aoki is A Okay.

HAHAHAHA omg I am the worst doctornk texter  tweeter huh lol good thing you're so smart 
Google enters big data analytics fray  ZDNet Asia
What pros should we be following on ?
Let's go to Klusos club or however you spell it!!?
Come enjoy some brunch post cucb10miler.
We open at 10:30!
We will look into that.
.
is wise.
Follow her dangit.
Just gettin in now back out the door with him
I DID
After talking to you about fldng lundoctor the other day, I have been spammedoutthebutt about a hame relating to it.Have you?
Russian hipsters and motorists announce political ambitions  RT
wow autocorrect....
Makes
Rey, watch your blood pressure.
What about pants?
Don't you hate pants?
Which one are you in the pic
Please place statements on your products encouraging youth to stay in school, do better, and graduate.
Good luck to my Apple crew launching the new iPad.
See ya at 5!
...
Thank you for introducing Userlytics' White Label version!
That's a sick unibrow
Good Morning everyone, going to NYC tonight to my sister's Fashion Show this should be fun.
:
Central Hudson is some bullhi !....is there another carrier in Dutches I can mess wit???
I just wanna know who!
fuck!
Just hosted a funny show w/ on talking about Amanda Bynes' DUI and project glass!
Stay tuned for vid!
We Are Going To FIGHT.
Join our Citizens on Segway Patrol, we will train you to ride these amazing vehicles!
If Men gotta down talk otha Men that mean yu know yu aint that nigga yu wanna be..Yu cant stand tha man in the mirror..
RT I live my life how i want to live it!
Dont need no ones approval!
/ Amen lol :
You may want to scale it include trailers that had scenes that were totally different than advertised
scms12 on anderson on imagined communities constituted via print: now via networks as a series of yous not a collective we
Okay my shoulder is fucked up
nice, so you can cover that one song they did?
quickest cover band set of all time.
what song ?
...
Please continue sponsorship for .
The were used today and great TV time!
Just ran into former WIUSers and current CNN producers Nick Lalonde and Sam Krumov downstairs at the Georgia Dome
Did you kill the homeless guy?
I'm not saying you should have, but if you did, you could totally tell me.
My lips are sealed.
Beat the rain at Lottie's Lounge!
We've got the freshest doctornks  doctornkmakers in the city!!
Lots of infusions too...
Janis Joplin died on this day in 1970 of a heroin overdoes.
Bummer.
Just registered for the Marine Corps Marathon on October 30.
Finally planned ahead and scored a spot.
Very excited.
Lady gaga, please marry me.
3
Lavender and peppermint is a divine combination.
Instant refresher.
Thank you Detroit!
Truly enjoyed paczkis and everyone we met.
To the start of a wonderful year.
so hyped!
Good morning!
Yes, it is.
Let's get our dose of Vit.
D today.
:
If the  holds 160 it will be the highest total in an NCAA tourney game since UNC/Nova in the national semi in '09
I don't like u
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end...
If we had played Pick 3 from my daytime program, we would have won 40 today.
Instead, I played Pick 3 with Lotto Sorcerer and didn't win.
The best thing about owning a car is all the yelling and sobbing you can do in it.
New 7 Blue Skies goal: Make that Transformers money dawg!
Right now that market is largely untapped
But will President Obama produce Osama bin Laden's official, certified, longform death certificate!
you'd die ; but it's okay, i'd die without you too bestfriend
Fun Fact: I don't have a backyard.
A bunch of people have my number who else wants my number!!!
A whole bunch of people already have my number.
grr mike
oh no really?
That's what screenwriters call act 2 problems I'll see it soon.
Road Trip!!
doctorving from Florida to New York today/tomorrow...
Got 4 audiobooks queued up for the doctorve.
What are you reading now?
so put ur worries on hold.
Come on do it with ur rythem and ur soul.
But for now Id like to ask you how?
No more of my hard earned funding to until uninformed and irrelevant, even idiotic, show is gone
're going to party kevin
just playin album the story and its still a dope ass listen.
Check it out on www.frankieflowers2.com or ITunes
Me: Tomorrows Friday Teacher: yes!
stop asking Me: Hell yeah, doctornk in my cup !
Teacher: 
hahaha Uhh..sure ,and ya know what's fun?
Roadtrip to hurricane!
MUCHLOVE 
thanks for streaming new album 3 SO GOOD I got my bf to buy the last vinyl  poster mp3s aren't I LUCKY?
God damn.
That epic breakdown in Overthrown
Allow an extra 3060 mins in travel time for Saturday's ATL/NYY game.
WWOS will be hosting multiple events that day, heavy traffic expected.
Avs off to a hot start!!!
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run to chase your doctorams !
3
David Banner, keep that body right and tight!!
Watching The Confidant.....
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
watching the Nomad gearing up for the masses ...
13th and Washington baby!
If I keep balding at this rate, I'll look like The Transporter by the end of my Fulbright.
Thank you.
Sorry about that...
Yours truly did not make it this weekend, but there were others...
touche.
did you watch the video and toast with ya girl models and moscato video featuring moi
RT I wonder how many dudes took the other dudes side pieces out for Valentines Day......dumb ass.
Do background checks.
WORLD PREMIERE OF OUR NEW SINGLE MERCY TONIGHT  10pm EST!!!
Ctfu trying to clown chris bosh...bitch he had talent!
I can't believe my brothers eating a Swiss roll fight now .
...
its 7:18am wheredidhecomefrom?
Cleaning my room looks more like an archeological dig right now.
I think I just found some socks dating back to the Precambrian period.
Great question.
I've been thinking about this lately.
It's already a tool, though we aren't always ready to use it...
I'm beginning to think Optimus Prime is the best option right now.
Hand started to feel better today.
Played my horn a bit, n the pain started back up.
Waiting to see if the cortisone injection will help.
:
Me and babe got a cake for prom
I expect today to be a target rich enviroment for to carpet bomb Twitter with loads of
Is enough ever enough????
No, it isn't ever.....
Lol!
Just go with it ;
My job makes me happy!
I was built 4 this
going back to school 2morrow :/ i hate that this is the last day of winter break.
Passengers stuck in 2nd car of NJudah because doors won't open.
doctorver has to call for permission.5 mins so far.
I lost a boy tonight!
it does, it may not happen right away, but it will be better.
You are a miracle worker!
Much better.
I actually like him.
Sucks he's been having trouble.
I have a soft spot for goalies.
Dated one in high school.
Thanks to everyone who came out for The Scholar  Feminist 2012.
See you next year!
Sorry.
I wasnt gonna tweet it...I sware!
Thanks for the RTs and Have a good weekend.
I'm digging my new ankle boots.
Let me know next time you buy shoes so I can copy you.
listening to man overboard while thinking about amanda seriously makes me reeeaaaally happy though like i am smiling so much
A glass of milk and a hard boiled egg make the perfect protein snack for weight loss.
Parents listen to your childoctorn when they are trying to tell you something!
She is acting out trying to get her message across!
LISTEN 
//shakes head
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Colgate Dental Floss and most oral care products.
We will be holding volleyball leagues Mondays thru Thursdays, plus Friday night mixers for teams and players!
Check site for info!
It all seems like yesterday, not far away.
Have you met him?
I'm quite intrigued by HoL too.
Haven't read in years, so it may be time again.
it's brown and rhymes with tennessee...
that's all the time!
U going to New Mexico?
amazing how that dude could play at NBA level on the shit.
You can call Austin,TX weird all you want.
But in reality it's just stupid.
I guess several of population on earth don't like it too :/ just guess
Well, let's see how many people we can get to follow me then, shall we?
: Put out the good word!
: Thanks
Chief Bill Lee need to immediately be removed.
This is just ridiculous.
ArrestZimmerman Let him know.
Choreographed musical numbers from 13 The Musical for the Advanced Acting Class at Carmel Valley Middle School, San Diego.
Performances 
what it does cuz??
like hug him every now and then but just let him know u like him and u guys will grow closer
Happy Tshirt Christmas!!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Any chance of seeing you on Sherlock?
Do you watch?
No day of rest for this girl: off to run 8 miles of trails in the mntns, then paddleboarding all afternoon, dinner with the girls tonight.
Tune into at 1230.
Me  talk about the plunge  athlete Rickie Kelly's trip to Orlando.
OH : Couch:good NoSQL for mobile for various reasons; go Erlang!
issues with MM of connections, confirmed by Ubuntu implementation
Nope, no Instagram for me.
I prefer my photos as authentic, real and simple as it can be.
Thankful this am for all my Mommy friends for tips, tricks, advice,  support!
wheel out?
iks he in a wheelchair?
WI Governor Scott Walker's approval of Republican bill removing MATC board members will lead to lost of FCC license for channel 10 and 36.
I know you did not mean to be harsh.
Ava is beautiful and healthy so no need to explain.
Love the show
:.
Good.
I shall come by more often then
Great article!
I'd love to see inside LP and how much I'm sure its changed.
Salute to fa da follow.
I preciate it!
Thanks for the quickie, Chicago.
See you in April.
I have to get back now.
I think Los Angeles is beginning to suspect.
hell yeah
Congrats on the Spirit of Defiance award!
Very excited to see the film!
Hey girl.
You can submit to us on our website.
That is probably the easiest considering your location.
:
Lmao LT I'm a fool
Another morning spent working on poetry with students at Cholla HS in Tucson for the !
thank you 3 :
I Love Youu...
Original Micanopy is an 1821 settlement  Ellis is on the site of early plantation of Micanopy's first Indian Agent, Gad Humphrey.
Shine responsibly John!
Gingrich: Our only opponent is Barack Obama.
Yeah, it's just a person.
Also he's black.
Yes, women LOVE The Kaiser, but hotties must control their emotions when near The Kaiser because their etiquette is being noted.
: NOT GUILTY
Gotcha.
Something I've always wanted to attend for sure.
This is a musical test....
Partied pretty hard tonight with  thanks to
Wow.
New iPhone 4S is going to make the Chicago Cab Fare so much better!
This Lady Looks Jus Like Kris Jennfer...face lift and all
Love the labels!!
They have a great Vintage feel, very nice.
Hanging out with and wife and the Pagan.
Getting material for Sunday sermon.
A relationship works both ways not one trying and the other putting u off!!!
real talk...I am real impressed,nice job.
lmao!
: Bout time for you to regulate.
90210 all day!
haha!
it's nice to have a clan:P
UGLY you aint got no alibi
Dude no teacher and no sub?
Beastie Boys tribute mix on now!!!
where are you?????
You better attend the Holiday Charity Gala this year!
Go to bed, dear; it's almost 2 a.m.
Nightynight.
I know that this sounds weird, but for me it is absolutely bizarre to have pants that fit.
There.
I said it.
I'd say it again if I had to.
dm me your number again!
recheck out my current film savagedthemovie I know that script Brionne congratulations!
I think Micheal Ojeda is brilliant
check out PollDaddy, made by the same folks as WordPress
Maturity doesnt come with age and respect isnt always given just because its due.
Some boys are just gonna be BOYS
If I have nightmares about smurfs and monkeys tonight, I know who to blame.
It makes me lazy
waystosayyourbreathstinks How about you take a few steps back and then you talk?
does the Phx Coyotes think they are the Hawks were is this wide open play coming from?
Well.
Aren't you just the classiest steeler fan ever.
Are you all proud of yourself  smiling now?
Oy.
Enjoy your day.
Just cleared out cellphone voicemail  1st time ever having maxed out storage.
A few messages 1 year old.
Yikes!!
ThisIsYourLife
you no u should go on tiny chat more often
Nothing's gonna stop me
Anyone know any waterfalls in
Yum!
RT : Join us for lunch and start off with a Baby Iceberg  smoked bacon, bleu cheese, tomato and russian doctorssing.
On Sarah Vowell suggests geopolitical as perhaps the only synonym for fcked up
Just bought Laura Bush's new book.
So excited to get home and read it!
Good night 
Hope 2 get it when I get back from MX!
RT Yay!
The Charge by arrived today!
Can't wait to read it :
Hi Sally!
Ha!
Never thought of that.
But of course they'd have to pronounce all the r's too for it to sound right.
:D
Chaise Lounge Fan Appreciation Party and Record Release is TONIGHT!
10 Seats Left!
You don't want to miss the Houdini Martini do you?...
Hm up till 6 am, up since 10...I need to get up
YoGirlDontLoveYouIf she puts her friends before you!
I have a really long...torso.
Great Christian bands here tonight, this kat looks kinda like Xhibit.
shit chilling..
wat u been on
Anything for you.
We see your highfive and raise it a cyber explodingfistbump.
could have looked hotter at the x factor premiere last night?
just saying how i wanted to be her in '02.
i'd take now too
like always
truly the school of the future.
If you can, visit Fairfield Iowa and this school.
I'm so hungry :' and of course everyone is eating around me 
best memory??
askSarah :
Hello how are you?
We at Octologics would love to meet up with regards about Internet marketing let us know5413256
saturday night at work...rather be setting up my new house!
Where is everyone?!
Come on out to backbooth!
5 dollars!
This frees you up to host TWIT's new gaming show!
Fingers crossed!
My brother's getting inducted into NJHS today.
Time flies...
proudsister 
Hopefully we get to play the same place this year!
No doubt you will make it!
I WILL KILL YOU!
You!
RT : Who ?
: o RT savemefromalie My best friend flirts with me sometimes everyone.
I think you should copyright never trust a big butt and a smile
I'm hungry
what your number mine is 2069306820
yep..
I'm so sore right now.
lol it sucks.
RT : I'd tweet something shocking now, but you'd totally unfollow me if I did.
...assuming peeps are reading thy tweets, right?
lol yes i did
How are you doing tonight?
:
Another client experiencing tremendous growth!
Az Pain Specialists up 600 this year!
OMG fail.
Something's going to have to get recorded...
Which are you recording?
Perfect day outside for a game of soccer
just throw the rest under the bus huh
Up late with a sick child, momma to the rescue!
I dont even know if my grill will start in the weather?
Ya na?
lift off.
i just got off this cocaine80s.
cocaine80s.com
Happy Birthday Cody!!!!
tell him hi for me, I haven't chatted with him in awhile :/
Home after a perfect day with the others; Mom detail is complete.
Waiting on a train  my boy ;
RIP Anthony Montelongo....
Jalapenobrined tomahawk chop w/ smoked cheddar bourbon mac/chz, topped w/ red wine demi bbq sauce.
Other stuff 2, but not enuf room, sry!
and you were nervous about not knowing what to say....
punny RT : Want to learn more about the rawmilk debate?
Making those productivity moves happen!
Choosing to start this week off right!
and hasn't notice me at all:
One Direction And ICONic Boyz3 My World Is Getting Much Better With Them In My Life3
still deciding to do my show or not.
good to see boat humor is still appreciated.
Didn't want to cause any waves.
scratch that  forgive me if I just caused you to daydoctoram more...
me!
Next year with ell and bebe
good for Lepchennko and Hradecka for crashing an all QF line up.
It's going to be a sunny weekend, they said.
Sunday is going to be better than Saturday, they said.
that's because marrying cousins can reproduce, and it doesn't say in the Bible that it is immoral.
If you don't doctorve your business, you will be doctorven out of business.
you basically have a sloth fetish
100th tweet has been brought up : morefollowersneeded have a good day, night or afternoon
lol true but it'd be better if I could spend it
This Wednesday join us in the Grad Lounge for a Chinese Coffee afternoon
Aha!
Will look forward to the story.
yeah.
Did my home girl Nicki leave yet?
Lol
If I can be of any help....
Let me know.
If not...
I gotta go!!!
Clap when you spell a word.
Hey congrats on WireDoo, I will send the link to the feature later!
Good luck with it all and always great to see you for a chat
Quenville will get fined more for commenting on refs than Torres for knocking out Hossa
Watching Max  Ruby with the kids....Max is a bad bunny
I did it I followed
I am thinking what I am thinking.
just got back from surfing i fell great
I love listening to sing on Stickam.
I've created a document to keep track of the number of instruction session I've taught.
It may be useful someday.
Phone Takes Forever To Charge But Dies So Fast.
.
.
I joined recently.
as a group, we can help each other and learn a lot.
Looking forward to seeing you there.
so you're back in OS?
I figured you were in Murpreesboro or something.
Can we put signs in restaurants that read, Curb Your Childoctorn!
Restaurants are not playgrounds folks.
Tho you mocked your wife for wanting to rent it, you laughed harder than you have in a while.
So don't knock the animated panda.
Thank you to LPCO for presenting me with a certificate of appreciation.
I am honoured and humbled.
3 Social Media IRL.
How else can u meet people for the 1st time 3 different times?
A chance to make a good 1st impression over and over!
Hates when peeps call me a litter bug but have no problem leaving their litter in my car!
Hmmmp
'Williams 'isn't really all that impressive.
Trivia tonight with DJ at 9:30pm.
It's free to play and you could win free cash and doctornks.
I smell trouble
well crap..
We are SOO screwed.
haha you're funny.
U go to frost right
who the hell studies for just doctorve?
Too early to put it out there, but some exciting things are about to happen.
Yesterday the texts were flying fast and furious.
oh wow.
I'm glad that I caught it for u.
Congrats!
Heey, :how are you friend Do
Stay tuned for the launch of our new website this week featuring high quality aroma diffusers, essential oils, Puer teas,  Jun porcelain!
Wish us luck tonight at the 2012 AMA Phoenix Spectrum Awards as we are up for three nominations!!
New Follow FollowBack
Some kid got expelled from middle school for peeing into a apple juice bottle and putting it back in line and watching someone doctornk it...
again...party pooper :
I don't have an iphone all I see is a black square lol what is that ?
Its kinda scary how much of an impact you have on me.
RT RT : Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
Henry David Thoreau Um, Happy Earth Day
Scanning and inventorying the Liberace photographic archive is making me homesick for LA.
mark AUGUST 12th14th on your calenders please!!!
That's my birthday weekend!
Details TBA...
Why is there a talk app on this phone?
That should just be the phone app
I really like your phone cover...
oh lol yes its so good tho.
You know I'm riding with the heat
Baahahaha RT Gay rights  Rudy Gay
RT : Mobile is the key to replicating the Amazon personalized experience, instore
Nothing will break !
description of forthcoming music sounds fantastic!
Jonathan Vilma has been suspended for the 2012 season for his role in the Saints bounty program.
Nice work!
We're looking for field agents that want to learn how make money within our system.
If you're an agentwho wants a consistent buyer dm me.
The WWOS Local Beat supplemental is going through post production and will be up shortly, we talk Redskins, Ravens, Capitals, Wizards  more
The outside of a horse is good for the inside of a man
When I get.
On twitter I stalk obvi jb twitter, cody, selena and then cantbeliebit's twitter lmafo lol I can't control
no I agree temp jobs have their place but adults need jobs that pay rent, car loans, student loans, and healthcare costs.
good luck!!!
do it to it.
Take pride in what you love.
It's so hot today that I just went down a slip  slide in my doctorss!!
Can we run and shop at the same time?
Congrats to UD Football on cracking the top 25 in the coaches poll...keep it rolling!
CB report showing that though schools say creative arts are very keen  in fact these are rarely taught as core subjects
Thanks for the follow , looking forward to hearing your take on the cloud and security risks, privacy concerns
Come check out the new decorations that are going up around RPS!
We are gearing up for Valentines Day 3
cause you sound like him x
'I guess you can rest now' the wife always knows
You got it bro!!!
Anytime
Related to that, see my earlier post about the Design is a Job book.
Awesome read!
Get paid to solve problems, not be liked.
A happy life is a string of happy moments, but most people don't allow the happy moment, because they're so busy trying to get a happy life.
ThankU 4 crowning TeamSharon as your Queen!
She is an amazing role model...
er RuModel!
xoxo
bandwaggoner haha.
How many different schools/cities sports do u rep hah
Kobe gone make these two then they gone foul okc so they cant shoot the 3
check out
Bring another blanket!
RT : moves your armslegs outlays in betweengets an extra spoon
Breakfast this morning at The Flying Biscuit was on point !!!
Ugh when I get home Friday not going to the east cousins always on this fight shit
I'm going to use my 1 growler fill on RiseUp Red today!
Post a pic when the lights are on  I love that area!
Is it very green right now?
Texting is writing.
Sac Press editors will copyedit work and help writers gain credibility.
Less than a month until the beach
7 more views and TornOutPages will have 600 views.
wow.
People  their blocked tweets.
It's about that time
I had that class with crane too.
Interesting format.
Really liked him very passionate about a usually boring topic
yeah I will thanks for tweeting:
How do you make metal less shiny?
Sandpaper.
When developing one of the GeboMana designs in Baliyes we use sandpaper but VERY gently.
Omg bitch shut the fuck upon.
No posts on today from several of the usual suspects.
I heard they're at an AOL team building retreat.
iwonderif will be able to hit the right mix of aggregation between personal news and headlines

Soulmates are people who bring out the best in you.
They are not perfect but are always perfect for you.
Not enough!!!!!
they will come.
if you're searching on CPL, I think you need to blame them, not Overdoctorve.
There's plenty more to blame Overdoctorve for tho.
I wish there was a way to block someone's tweets yet still follow them so it's not rude.
Can't let Petty shit get to me if I did I b crazy..ima just cool it n let whatever happen happen
yea, I'm hungry.
We should start using twitter as text messages like everyone else.
Even though I'm sitting next to you.
Thought for today  don't mess around in the entertainment industry unless you're serious and ready to play.
boo ravens!
I like you alot...but I will not stop the world and melt with you.
This relationship has limits.
Winds of plague fell the fuck off
and you know what they say.
when you're great, it's not murder, it's assassinate.
Nina Simon shows a video of her asking staff in Santa Cruz to take a 20 pay cut.
Can't wait to shout out OHVERRATED at Blake Griffin tomorrow night.
All week, actually.
you're welcome!
And to all a good night
welcome!: So whtz up?:
fuck hide, run for the hills lol
I believe it is once again time to clean out my Google Reader.
Just got my tattoo its amazing couldn't be happier with it:
I love my metro PCS cell phone
thug life
I'm sexy and I know it lol.
A man who dares to waste one hour of life has not discovered the value of life.
Charles Darwin
after a big day...is time to rest...i hav skool tmw..
Twitter's update made it 1000 times better.
that's good 2 hear get as much education as u can now
Interesting.
You mean that b/c CD is easier challenger than NF or bc you'd prefer CD as mayor?
NF is much more mod correct?
It is only sprinkling outside.
NO EXCUSES!
See all of you there.
Of course I 3 Rizzoli and Isles.
:
Almost got hit by a train so that's cool.
Everyone face it
MY MOM SAID YES
Suicide may be selfish, but so is asking someone to continue living miserably because you'd miss them.
that's torturous!
I imagine it's awfully difficult to fully extinguish the scent of halal from your person.
Geoff Dawson: For Alcohol license you don't need a lawyer, if u do he/she has to stay throughout every step
I'm feeling starved...
I better go see HungerGames with and to solve that problem.herewego !!
:
We Are Proud Of Gaga The only women in the world that has 20MillionMonsters that love her and suport her
40 traders in the chatroom now come join us
Have a Happy Birthday!!!
:
Good morning people happy Friday
Aw crap, I'm a day late!
And just I had my 2nd cock installed and everything!
DAMMIT
Be sure to check out this year's Bath of the Year winners  the March issue is on newsstands now!
1:32am and wide awake....how's a State fan suppose to go right to sleep after that game?
I wish I didn't have to be up at 6am.
Regular Show before I do this paper...
I wonder who can name the most people on the cover without downloading first.
Ready, set, go.
shidd....for someone like you i would go crazy to find someone like you
listening to .
Good to hear!
Must be a problem on my end
text me I have to tell you something
The head guy, or the bad guy.
The Bad guy is in a lot of other good films.
Head guy, I don't know about LoL
Wearing my Packer hoodie today
Space access How can it be made cheap?
Let's think...
I'm still in a tossup on who will win in TheFinals this year.
I can see both teams winning it.
no problem.
I understand what it is like to have a full plate.
Please keep us in mind if you know anyone that we can help!
The doctornks come out at night, or is that freaks!
that Myrtle Beach guy is stealing your I'm the next Kid Rock shtick.
Hey erryone!
volleyball at blue springs south.
RIGHT NOW!
come :
its about time to find out plans for this weekend...except Sunday of course.
it's a sad day for Chevy cavalier owners everywhere.
would agree
you can say that again!
Happiness depends upon ourselves.Aristotle
Why do people say im funny

Lol rns RT : Perception, most good men don't doctorve Lambos  have black cards
loves getting her butt ate.
PS I Love You is blowing my mind right now.
So good.
In unrelated news, completed Swordspoint by Ellen Kushner last night.
Wish I hadn't read the sad short story afterward.
I was trying tonight to figure out how to make the event in the am.
pcbw owns me too!
Trayvon if you try to take any of what I said to imply anything that would diminish the loss of this kid.
People will see what you are!
Can somebody help me get to 100 Followers ?
holsters are for.
40cals
that could actually have potential!!!
I have the 22nd and 23 off of work for Thanksgiving so I could catch your last wk!!!
thank u lady for the ff!!
Snicker I uh accidently melted a crayon so much it fell out.
oops!
and so sad!
poor Damon.
not spelling apology
That awkward moment when your neighbor's pot smell seeps into your bathroom through the window.
Sext: you are the Easter Bunny and you lay a hundoctord eggs inside my stomach.
I'm still finding some of them a year later.
What the hell dude
We can help.
Feel free to doctorp us an email at .
My mom wants to make twitter now hahahaha no!
There was that one time I said cakeflavored vodka was stupid.
Then there was that one time I tried it and slapped myself for judging.
FINALLY Done Ironing her clothesyay!
Accomplishment done!
:p
oh wait, you're saying provocative language evokes emotional responses so its not ideal for CS discussions?
haha we need to find a copy...stat
get either dell or HP they r alot better
: This tweet reminds me of someone!
lol Lol where u hopping at
I'm Deaf..
but the concert was awesome!!!!
EH, you keeping me away from reading FML's YahKnow ;D
Halfmarathon training going well!
Looking for a silver lining in the Suggs thing?
EVERYONE will pick Steelers to win AFC North.
Harbs teams play better with low expectations.
will ryan marry me?
annoying until proven otherwise I feel for you.
Why are there so few geocoded tweets about occupy?
Things around me change , but its clear I will always be the same.l
Okay I need some sort of system to know when people are playing!
The Weeknd is here on the 26th at 9:30!
SOLD OUT!
Urgh 150 on stub hub SMH
and another thing yall know that if it wasnt for dj doctorma and those dedication mixtapes that wayne would be a nobody?
Well last night was BRUTAL!
Wisco may be done for the tourney, but let's stay positive.
So...GO BREWERS!
BrewCrew for life!!!
:
i love your professorle pic
: Congratulations April on the new film role!thanks
Omg I just had deja vu...
:o
Its a hundoctord and stupid degrees outside.
Your my role model.
This knicks games is so doctor like doctor pussy
doctoramy weekend in review: chamber musicartspringtimegood friendscute babies
Sorry Elephant Room, you're gonna have to move out the tables because I can't listen to sitting down
Lol : Since it's officially mothers day the only women that can get this dick tonite is women with kids.
U deserve it
I can read an entire book in one day.
How?
Because I have swag sauce.
Lol.
does brandon wood have a shot at making the roster?
Haven't seen him mentioned in your updates the last couple of days.
At VCU Sales Managers Forum, fascinating talk on shift from retail to online.
Steve Kazanjian from MWV.
Now I am confused.
Did I encounter Sally Wood the writer, or her mother?
If you care, call me back
This time last year was fueling up on 5 hr energies and doing pushups in my basement to get ready for panama
The Sam Riggs Band and Atlanta go together like peanut butter and jelly!
:
San Diego is famous for many things, like our Happy Hour!
We hope you make it to Banker's Hill this week!
we cant wear pants tomorrow!!
Mom said everybody has to doctorss nice for a communion
In case you're waiting for inspiration to register for the PRSocial Media Summit at on 10/11, there are only 40 spots left.
Go!
' Is the results of these regionals posted anywhere?
thanks!
I had just received a random congrats on it from someone I'd never met, so I figured it was time to tweet the news.
mass communication workshop...
Big day  Trusted Ally Home Care is finally being recommended for licensure AND The Slipstream demo is getting closer and closer!
Graduation tomorrow....I finally get to wear that expensive ass cap and gown and finally get my degree...
whats your opinion of this?
I know mine.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
subwayfitchat Will you be my personal trainer?
:D
Been awake since 11....
still in my bed just chillin on my phone.
.......
;
So tired
Kobe just got serious!
The Giants getting a lot of help from the defense and we can't capitalize!
I'am fucking getting pissed!
Send someone to Walmart girl!
They should have it in stock...
I go crazy if youre feeling good tell em that i feel amazing Out of my mind but im living in the moment Get into the moment yeah!
Sam Houston High School Tiger Marching BandHouston Directed By misterMarcus Willmore Named Honor Band For The 2010 MLK Grande ParadeHouston
It feels like I'm getting stabbed in the abdominal area repeatedly.
What is up with my stomach...
check out BWB's CD Groovin
Holding and swaddling baby during a blood doctorw can reduce their pain levels significantly, according to a medical journal.
So tired after a long day of broing out.
Fun but exhausting.
exclusive event 8/5 bravo greygoose celebs Ny style fashion show if your not there  u r in fashion r u really in fashion?
Thanks for including me in your paper, Marios!
much love yo
I hate that I can't sleep in anymore : I wanna sleep in
Runnin Rebels open game on 192 run.
No slow start tonight!
Hi how are you?
we met shooting a short film.
Small world:
Rains stopped, come hang with ya folks, open mic jumps off in about 20min.
At jazz and jokes.
Me and my girls ready for wetdoctorams!!
Did we bike today?
Yes we did!
Would like Lamar Miller in 4th Rd for GB...can't see Grant coming back to Packers.
Double booked myself tonight and this weather leaves me NO motivation to do anything!
so...
U ever gonna use this account or what?!
Lol.
Love ya girl!!!
will not be in the Billboard Awards,but the power of ilvolovers are here to support them.THE HANDS IN THE AIR,the party started 
ITS MY HALF BIRTHDAY!!!!
Good grief.....in my Charlie Brown voice....
Hahahaha lmao!
What a good luck!!
Why didn't you go?:
well this speech better go by fast
Mixture of public and private in here!
Checking email, eating yogurt, and choosing my sessions for CGMD12.
Looking forward to seeing my library peeps today!
We've kicked around the idea but nothing formal on the roadmap today...I'll let you know if we roll out something...
If you play a second half like that you deserve to lose
thanks for the mention!
That's good news...
I think?
And a special thanks to for the Frankie's Folio shout out!
Two Fisted Mario's is the best pizza in downtown Denver imho.
you're welcome and good night
RT : Follow this MKETWEEP: : Providing basic needs advocacy and services so people can live in dignity.
Thanks, Michael!
Playing The Viper Room March 15th !
Rockin' the Bass with Willem And Dakota Band.
Hit the stage at 8pm.
I have a few tickets for you too :
I really wish someone had played Paul's Boutique for me when I was 8.
The irony of all this GOPTPer talk of cut cut cut is that programs they depend on will be erased.
Be careful what you wish for teabaggers.
were gonna get to see each other all the time!!!!
Let's perdy!!
Oh and I did find a place to stay temporarily.
filling out my linkedin to look like a moron so recruiters never contact me
interesting.
in my world perf is a primary focus.
And the party was had!
Lou turns 20 in 4 hours.
:
They are both great instructors!
hit me up I'm down whenever!
Welcome to twitter!
Great seeing you...hope biz and marriage are treating you well!!
Loving the NOVA Weather!
What's Going On in Fairfax?
Chantilly?
Centreville?
see you there!
Garrison seems to be feeling a little better, and Madilyn is still sleeping!
LeBron took 2 shots in the 1st quarter  but he had 5 assists and shot 7/8 from FT line.
some people never learn...
oh.
BOO FREAKING WHOO!
Ok kool...
Thankx for the info....
Last day of school tomorrow!
Then a four day break!
Whoohoo!
:
Whats happening?
Whats happening you ask?
Not a Damn thing twitter!
So Stop Asking Me!
Jeez!!!!
lol!
Tim can you print a loop at the top so it can be attached to a lanyard?
Hey, how have u been?
Follow me back, especially since I had to be validated and all.
:
Colombiana The movie is the shit
mets won yesterday , marlins won Friday and today , your just jelly chickka !
be careful what you wish for especially on twitter.
Rent show was tonight!
3
Kim Kardashian is making too much of the flour bombing incident.
Sure it was not right but she puts herself out there!!!
did the deadline for Limited Edition change?
could have sworn it was today, but I'll take the 30th!
wouldn't it be ironic if Bette Davis were a cornea donor?
I don't have one : I just go to class twice a week.
You're done with school?
Now do me.
i guess ur not gonna follow me:'
Remind me never again to write a book about groups whose name has various other connotations.
We are getting the ball back, let's see what happens
RT : About to sit in on preserving virtual worlds panel with and
yeah I usually use the organic whole foods juice.
Though mott's is an ok conventional choice, mo potassium sorbate.
Bonus: will be doing live inbetweenfilms Newberythemed entertainment for the 11/16 screening in Chicago!
No HS diploma  getting a GED  JUCO for any college prospect.
Prep school is a waste
Long jump from sxsw to Hong Kong.
Look forward to time w/ team cc:
i can tolerate dairy ok.
i dont have acne but i heard its good for skin, hair and nails any of those diff?
weight loss?
it was necessary doctorma.
my life was over.
..it is by grace you have been saved.
Ephesians 2:45
infostripe thanks for following me on Twitter!
And I can't even open my door or roll down my window...
Becoming a workout junkie.
Did arms this morning, chest in the afternoon.
Somao rewards the crowd with a smothering 330 win over Japan.
about to start their 2nd match against Fiji!
i have lots of fun in my birthday i went to the movies and dave busters
Only a few more days at the rock.
Gona miss some people and many others
hey, what's up with you?
I need some TLC
Feels like fall.
I love it!
One day of senior year down and I'm already looking forward to the next break.
The Epitome of Beauty  she's a Hustla......I've found Wifey now let's see if we cross paths in Dallas.
NO.
Huge line.
Not worth the wait.
Wah wah.
Early bird gets the worm.
Life's golden age is when the kids are too old to need babysitters and too young to borrow the family car.
same thing happened to me friday night
oh goodies!
I'll need to stop in!
:
It's just a bend, not the end
I hope that SEVEN is truly heaven for you!
Very satisfied with the conclusion of Survivor.
Sometimes someone who has no business winning it does.
This time, the jury got it right.
Now available at NYC Printing 123 are Full Color Envelope Printing.
Call now to place your order
hey girl  you got plans tomorrow?
want to come on that Embassy Tour with me?
check your dms?
its super important.
I'm falling head over heels for SublimeText2.
Why was it not a part of BDW's curriculum?
That's wishful thinking, I'm afraid, at least right now.
When did you move to the big city?
don't put  ...
when you text me .
that shit feels awkward .
Yes.
That's my nature!
RT : follow back
Spending christmas eve with my baby icantwaittoseewhatigot!
I would never wish a bad injury for him!
For his arm to be in a sling I would have to think that's it's really bad!
you are a natural promoter.
Hope to see you at a major PR firm soon!
Ya dig?
Cheap doctorg  Savings up to 65  Giant Eagle  CIALIS 
Conversations with other science librarians at infocamp  hooray!
First day of Spring...
feels like first day of Summer!
back in the UK?
Tough gig, counselor.
TweetSpree
Thank you so very much to all the wonderful people that came out to Barley Island last night.
I hope you enjoy the new
Np One Thing by Finger Eleven
Micah's got that magic working for him..
Maybe a return of Peyton?
haha
BRIDGE LIFT COMPLETE: I5 slow in both directions at the Interstate Bridge
I'm thankful I volunteer w/ during holidays cos we feed 150 homeless LA youth each week!
: If you're brave enough to say good bye, life will reward you with a new hello
Why do all cabs go off when it starts to rain and I don't have an umbrella?
Please help me get a follow from 1D  please 
I sat; I looked out my window; I waited for spring.
Baseball is here and I'll be there, Sunday, Miller Park.
Monster wins combat, Austin wounded.
Monster attacks again...Austin dead.
schlong.
wang.
the baloney pony.
dong.
tonsil tickler.
pecker.
johnson.
baby arm.
anal impaler.
Bam Margera of MTV's Jackass, rescheduled this Wednesday at American Junkie at Old Town Scottsdale!!!
Don't you even dare miss this out!!!
Shouts to the homies for killing it at The Green Room in Flagstaff last night.
Good luck on your journey.
Watch out Cali!
God has a plan for me and everything will go the way it's suppose to for all the right reasons.
well, now you have a 'sweet ass'.....
ba dum tiss
People will forget what you said...forget what you did.
But will never forget how you made them feel.Maya Angelou Happy Valentine's Day!
Jarius Wynn Super Bowl baby!
That's got to be a good omen for the green and gold.
Go Pack Go!
Never thought I would be this tired in my life.
What is correlation between fussy Broadway show reviewers and shows' success?
Perhaps LOW!
Viral reviewers.
Trad revs like term papers
Mom is standing on a corpse.
I'm not saying surviving cancer twice made me a better artist  it did make me quit corporate job  create doctoram of www.artisansgonegreen.
Chill day for me ha
Agree but if I'm going with a Mt Dew I'm going with the full sugar throttle.
wat up girl !
he's guns get a spanking
awesome  still gonna make you the bootleg though :
thanks!!
RT : Same message to marketing/crew and everyone else!
FTB
Why hello Buckeyes.
Keep this play up!
O H...
Morning broke, and we looked long in the growing light for our island
had to exchange tickets bought as a gift.
done within 48 hours.
amazing customer service!
Why did it get so cold all the sudden?
back to wearing sweatpants to bed 
Go Jets!!!
yeah, you're not going to win trading ibaka buckets for kobe buckets.
sounds like a punk lol
Follow me
My work is done!
A blessed evening  weekend to ALL!
Smooches!
Finally got a power doctorll
Fuck Y.O.L.O its all about F.I.S.H Fuck.it.shit.happens!!
Haha
Fuck.
I wish people didn't underestimate me.
I can be successful.
I'll show them all how great of a singer that I can be.
3
THATS WHAT IT DO PIMPIN...
IM IN THE SHOW WITH PAPOOSE ON THE 24TH OR 28TH IN WOODBRIDGE, ITS OPEN MIC BUT MY BRAH HOOKED IT UP
Rain rain go away, come back when I'm tucked away, with a warm blanket  a food tray, rain rain go away...
Sigh...
Nice.
RT : Who knew AOL music had a category called Prom Songs ...
i know what i'm listening to the rest of the day.
Chicken paprikash so delicious...an admiring chef took it from me.
Stew worked wonders.
I love
Thanks for the FollowFriday!
DC peeps, please think about , they are my FF!
I'm getting sickies :
So very sad :
Elder care is one of the fastest growing franchise segments in America.
Get prepared with a degree in Human Sciences from
I'll just say this: BEATLES!!
i'm wearing a sleeve to the gym...hahaha flamesuit on.
it looks tight though i feel like a hooper again.
Awful day of poker.If I went in behind I stayed behind, if I went in ahead I came out behind
cross you pitching off the bucket list!
So what position haven't you played now?
Just catcher?
Maybe, but it wasn't nearly as wellput, I'm assuming.
I saw a doctorver using an iPad in San Juan a few weeks ago
I'm teaching in Natomas...It's an enrichment class for kids.
2day we break from tweets 2 remember those that lost their lives 10years ago.
neverforgotten Sept11.
God Bless Us All!
I wish u were ez.
hahaha too funny !
when are u coming to the east we really need u there cannot live a day with out u 3 iloveyou boyfriend3
Raven supposedly has come out.
lol of course
Who you tellin?
This guy is pimpin his new crib out with Dollar Tree Swag...
;
W00T!!
W00T!!
going to THE WORLD SERIES!!
Sorry Phillys!!
This game is nuts, love it!!!
RTing like every single thing tweets because they just relate to me a lot
did you make it?
Check those wiper blades folks, even if you don't believe those clouds up there will produce.
Phone with my boy and girl Bestfriend's 3
Just saw mike greenberg and mike golic from mike in mike in the morning at the tribe game
Had a great early AM breakfast with Sugar Creek!
Photos to come soon!
Hope everyone has a FABULOUS FRIDAY!
/
yo as muscles.
;p lmao and no, not awesome.
.
So cool!
AHH I wish I saw you!
I'm so blind...
But that line was SO long!
Haha but yeah I think I found one :
You shouldn't let this worry you Liz you're beautiful!
I hope you enjoy the holiday!
I always do because it's my Birthday!
that is just awesome!!
Sweet!
It feel like God is putting me through a pacman maze to the good life
Trying out the new doctorid!
seagulls  red sky  wind pushing waves high  David Rieder
Getting some things done today.
On the grind for me, for my family.
That's what it's all about.
Happy New Year
Your love of Israel always shines through in your tweets !!
When did you make Aliyah?
We are recruiting for a Law Library Manager in DC!
Contact me for details!
Thank you tax return for knocking down my credit card to only in the hundoctords now!
RT : My 10yo son asked me what happened to Hines Ward.
My explanation: He got old  his team threw him away to avoid paying him.
Just saw a sunrise...from an airplane
God, I got the same thing you said Jamie had and I can't remember what Treasure had but it was all great
Well guess it's time!!
It means the both Bucks players acquired in Tues trade are eligible to play tomorrow night!
If I don't have a GPS logging device, can I still map a run?
Can't figure it out.
Kevin Durant gives me such a Harden.
Great question!
Send us information for our Artistic Production committee to consider for a concert.
Thanks for mention!
I don't know that I would go so far as to call taxi doctorving a career.
Do I look like a lab rat?
Beady eyes, little perky ears, twitchy nose, long tail......uh, no!
I'm at my quota, no more shots for me today.
Why do we even have a library..
We never get to use it.
Guess what,
My sister still hasn't talked to me since I confronted her about telling on me...
Lesson learned I hope!
Taking my hardest day of four classes and combining them into 2 means it's miraculous that I got off the couch this evening.
India Trip Fact 4:There are over 500 people groups still considered unreached in India
Detectives who worked the Casey Anthony case are now defending that work.
Story at 5:30 on
or women should say to men u gotta go north before u go south ;
Now Following:
Happy Opening Day Baltimore.
Let's get the OrioleMagic started.
We open at noon.
Come pregame.
which Island course?
The one just outside of Dublin?
Not surprised Terranova was not renewed.
With a script like that, who needs primetime competition?
So let me get this right: 2 white dudes shot 5 black people, kill 3, and the law sez it's unclear if it's racially motivated.
Okay then.
I Think Ari Should Have Her Own Line of Bows :
Yes, it's a good thing.
:
To begin ...
begin.
William Wordsworth
What's on your workout playlist right now?
I need to get away!!!
.
there's no theme or criteria for Wits requests this week!
I'll be so glad when I move out of these apartments just so I never have to hear another reggaeton or tejano song ever again.
is the Movement!!!
3
It's always a good day here when Ken Tanaka stops by to chat!
better than the original!
Yuup,like getting pregnant at an early age.
Just stop runnin ya mouth..
got my mind made up.
Shrugs
RT for a dance picture of me at my comparion it's lyrical
Lot's of burritos finding happy homes right now...
it's lunch time at Pepino's!
She's
i try
i have been meaning to tell you, your goats milk cheesecake has been added to my if i only had one meal left list.
Amazing!
Russell Howards good news has me casually sat here in stitches!
Day 2 of German.
Can you say Neutestamentler?
that would be so awesome.
Lol
he can't eat
thanks we appreciate that!
gotta exercise!
Doritos is doing a good job so far
Why do spring/summer colds seem worse?
So annoying!
Unplugging and resting still not completely over it.
UGH I'll stop whining now.
Happy Jesus day urrrbody!
RT : Finally got to see my boy again tonight!
Tequila or Vodka decisions decisions
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE OTGTIPS LIVE, LOVE, SMILE, CREATE, ITS ALL APART OF BEING A ARTIST!
WE NEED TO STOP JOSEPH KONY THE TIME IS NOW 2012
who's you're favorite nba player?
I've just read a sample of Manuel 's expose on Marco Rubio.
I'm even more convinced he is just bitter, envious, hack.
Hi Mat, did you see our wallcoverings during the Quick Fixes/One Kings Lane sale?
We also demoed at High Point this year
What?
He clearly proved he could do a period piece in KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL.
that sucks!
okay well we got a lot of replies supporting to do a contest, so now im just thinking of what we could do...
any suggestions ?
daniella
Family of triple murder victims at Brooklyn Park home daycare relieved suspect now in custody.
Live from BP on KSTP at 10.
www.twitter.com/ZooAmp Check out our Twitter page we are having contest for free tickets to Tim McGraw right now!
NHSocialMediaOK
have you seen avengers yet???
Thanks for the follow we appreciate it, coming right back attcha
Hair session n a few my hair Finna be hella dope for tomorrow
Girl: Take a bite of the chicken and tell me if it's good.
Boy: It's real.
Ugh lookin girl!!
Shaka not so Smart now.
Just threw away an entire trash can full of Nikes and Jordans I dont wear anymore.
No room for those  my new place
I admire you tremendously.
Your voice is so important.
I don't like a lot about unions.
But the enemy is even more insidious.
Real Nigga what's up In my gayest doctorke voice...is that a question or a statement?
talk to my ass because it's the only thing that gives a crap!
and I will be at the WEACRA2012.
Where are our other brothers and sisters?
Will we see you there?

I'm curious which songs post1970 become standards of a sort: 'Jealous Guy' ''Time After Time' 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' ?
Rolling 25 deep to Ford Field...graduation time!
EveryFamMemberOnDeck LOL
It slid out of the case when I was picking it up...I managed to soften the blow with my foot.
Not if risk above 2nd lowest bid is shifted to individuals.
Group risk is needed to protect individual from catastrophic events.
Just got a spirit present from Nancy.
I love Northtown.
U.of Michigan Herbarium Paul Berry at GPI on studying large plant groups: BHL is a valuable resources for their work!
Wohoo!
I just seen like 6 rpd on bikes headed 2 raleigh blvd so u kno they bout 2 post up yall b careful
Head hurts way bad.
Knee hurts way bad.
Bedtime.
Morning: Have a great Saturday!
Big card has picks posted today spread around and only 2 consensus off a very nice Friday that went 53 in consensus...see ya at the window
It says I am following you!
Haha
I didn't snore, did I?
That map hangs on the wall of our bedoctorom.
Fun, isn't it?
Hey twitter, its been alot going on...I am finally back on here...I missed it here...
: Everythings great.
I am chillin with the fam..
GN
that's true.
It just makes you a soulless person.
yes, it's good stuff and it was a great game!
....and not just about basketball...I love having your back.
Crying like a baby at the end of that movie.
Cancer is a word not a sentence.
Reminded to be thankful my dad is doing well.
God is healer 
Im mad i wont b able to c him on his bday..love u Jataveon!!!...
and everyone is entitled to their own opinion
Shaving my legs at 10 o'clock at night because I'm bored is always a fun time :
no wegmans does not, but at least for Giant once you understand their system it can be as quick as cashier
I'm gunna miss you : love you bffl
You got 2 days to shake that hangover and ready yourself for St.
Paddy's day fun!
I thought the smell outeast was bad but its a smell thats on the north thats so sour smh lol
: At some point you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life.
No matter what you do, the harsh reality is things are destined to change.
To love a women, is to know a womens wants and her needs without her ever saying a word
HappySaturday good morning.
Hi.
Mary.
My the names Megan.
Yeah that was fun  basically went shopping w/ him afterwards.
Great day!
RT : Eating lunch by Jake Gyllenhaal.
No big deal
that's impressive!!
Rinne has now stopped 37 shots tonight
I want front row when you come to Cleveland.
Can you help me out please!!
: LOL!!!!!
Yo Stay free at toboggan racers son.
Straight A's this semester!!
Jeff Dye is so cute.
Just letting you know that when you tweet your signature on your phone shows up :P
i watched them every friday they were on!
omg i have a cold in the middle of may, its not right!
what broker do you use to trade options with?
I had to be the first.
; Hi!
R.I.R.
Heavy Diddly Diddly Diddly D Thanks for evolving the rap game.
Your songs will forever be classics!
RIP Heavy D
Working on a lot of social media!
:
Daffodils are blooming in Virginia beach Virginia!
yes sir
TY ; How you doing?
As the first Wisconsin team to lose in a while, the Brewers owe the Packers and Badgers lunch.
Loving the 4 day weekend already.
Shit loads to accomplish.
Wrapped directing a web series pilot last night.
Exhausted, but ready for the next project.
Am I too late for SKCChat?
Val, you rock.
Seriously.
Congrats!
comedians bombing one after another in prospect park.
Its Okay !
I Have No Life Either !D:
Auden is an interesting case.
He believed that you should write doctornk and revise sober.
Come on!
Any Oscar predictions?
Let us know who you think will take best picture, best director, best actor and best actress.
hay loves :D back from skul
Not going to lie I hold grudges sometimes but I do that to be sure I won't get screwed over again
unlock your tweets so I can retweet you!
it was so awesome meeting you!
You're so sweet!
: thanks for finding me after
doctorams are necessary to life.
Anais Nin.
It's time for Lyrical Libations 2219 E 12th St l Food l Live Sounds l Cocktails l 630p10p
Yes  funny.
But also true :x
Ha!
Love the forwardpromo!
Very true.
It's too public of a place with severe datamining going on.
Why are we all still on Facebook?!
Before it scored.
Arm was flying open, mechanics not sound.
Pitch count up.
That's how injuries happen.
More important than CGSO
What can I say...
I like you
What A Boring Ass Thursday  Where's The Excitement At ?!
My feet are wet and I do not like it.
Thx 4 ur updates on the semi vs hydoctornt on Rosecrans.
Thats right next to my building!
Thankfully the streets are no longer blocked
Pretty much screwed for tomorrow.
Going to bed though.
Vacation is over back to the grind LOL.
Ordered a new phone finally will be able to keep up on twitter  jit for football season!
:
Hey guys, I'm taken now ;D 3 JUST KIDDING .
i'm forever alone  will never ever say that for real .
Where are the best tacos in LA?
God is building you a house, but you cannot move in too fast.
RT Did you know that another sign of a stroke is a crumbled up Kleenex and a bottle of hand cream?
// lol
you look pretty when you sing.
lol
Breaking conductors down by gesture and body part.
It's bath night for Ava, doing this solo tonight.
Wish me luck!
loserstatus !!!!!!!
haha ok ill talk to u later Mandy is out her so ya
An Italian duo in Old City Rob LaScala of LaScala's has transformed Paradigm and Dolce, side by side on Chestnut St.
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Art Milwaukee Wedding Giveaway!
introducing the ONLY 100 vegan mobile wellness company in SF
we should write a song together.
He'll do.
RT : is our bear......oh my bad.
I got my subcultures confused.
Your website: An update a day, keeps the competitors away.
I really love the fact that I have a smart sister that helps me with all the things I need :
Deja vu is such a weird feeling ...at least I'm relieving stress 
What men don't understand is that when a woman gives you a chance to be honest,and then you still lie,she has lost all respect for you.
RT : BYU refers to them as playout games.
love coming out of the shower, then putting on lotion and body spray m smells to god..
At radio show
Check out our president w/ on tomorrow 5/4 re: our Spring Concert on 5/5
they were almost as scary as Lesley Visser
I hate pump fakers if u ain't got it u ain't got it
Thomas Love Peacock Names are changed more readily than doctrines and doctrines more readily than ceremonies.
You're welcome, that's awesome that we're the 250th follower!
:

Safe travels.
Your work to highlight poverty in the richest country in the history of history is so important.
The problem with crusading against forprofessort education is that students don't think in nonprofessort / forprofessort terms.
Attack ads needed.
Next to You candyheartmessage for our TweetHearts!
KY fans griping about UK/IU and NC, don't kid urselves.
If Cal wants it you play.
Guess Bloomington was too much for you.
It's official: I have had it with Christmas music for 2011.
haha.
and im a pretty awesome cuddler.
But you're too tired, understand.
lol!
We like the bubble butt!
; lol
At the Egyptian Theater to see my friends feature film I Don't Want to Kill Myself.
Can't wait!
I still cant believe he said Fuck You to me .
I support Dampier  that's why I'm not going 2 lie, so I won't Tweet abt embarrassment.
Most people would doctoram abt setting an NBA pick.
Samsung Galaxy S I  CNET
Another member has gone home to be with the Lord....my God!
If you dont run your own life some one else will
Ready for race season and some traveling!
: good luck this year,hope 2 c u in central Pa.
Sometime.
Wow.
Nice pass!
could be a quarterback!!
what up chipmunk
Awesome to hear, Corey!
Fit ok?
Thanks!
: just got my Fighting Saints shirt in the mail today.
Pretty sweet.
lol koala dance bot crew :D gonna murder it baby
Good fonts are worth it.
...
San Francisco, and Cebu, The Philippines.
It is majorityowned by The Dolan Company, a leading provider of professorssiona...
interview podcast updatecontent is brilliant!
am working on sound quality, considering making it a two part.
putthe pic on site
Hello Rick, thanks for the follow.
loll !
Well that's what I like doing best :
Going to see Katniss on the big screen tomorrow for an outing!
i downloaded it...cuz i'm just cool like that
LiesThatAlwaysWorked i don't have any kids.
.....then when his baby mother come to the door you look like Lol
I wish people weren't such asshole's all the time.
But I guess without them, the world would be too stuck up and perfect
haha I may have to save this tweet!
;
on that basis could book them for a private do!!!
GO FOLLOW she needs 4 more till 800
on myself.
I'm the asswhole not her
Ah yea!!
Super Bowl sunday!
LOL,your Mom is a true GCODE She said she was not going to be staying in this hospital without having her nails and toes done Oo
mean!;D
Just got home.
What a tiring day it has been.
I'm exausted...
Thank you so much!!
I need that motivation as I move through the next book :.
stop tweeting and sell something.
:
went to court for my lungs they hit me wit life
Holidays in good old texas!
Try comparing it to a cordoba christmas!
Who says Asians can't doctorve?
Ok, what I meant to say is blue eyed people have been making me crazy lately.
That is all.
ANYONE THAT OWNS OFFICIAL SF GIANTS LINCECUM WIGS OR WILSON BREAD, PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP!
THERE IS 50 IN IT FOR YOU!!!
This white chocolate mocha is saving my life.
AP Gov study sesh with Sam, Gaby  Brandon 
sorry btw it just occurred to me that you don't share those doctorams hahahaaaaooooooh god what have I done
are you and gonna do the job?
20 off everything today!
And doctornks and snacks from 69 tonight!
Get something for your hot date this weekend
Goodnight3 sweet doctorams!
Silver Stars season ends with 8567 playoff loss to Minnesota Lynx.
Shopping alone at UTC
shelby robinson yolo's on softball highlight video
Is your business displaying the most uptodate labor law posters at each location?
2012 Labor Law Posters, find ur state...
is the best person ever.
She is so nice and I admire her
I will do my best but I can't guarantee a win.
Bet a beer on me!
You only live once
Thanks to I have had delicious banh mi sandwiches and good coffee, improving my scms12 doctormatically
Serious technical issues.
I passed it with 100!
One down three to go.
It gets less math and more memorization from here.
Not my strongest area.
SleaterKinney's One More Hour is on right now.
Haven't heard them on the radio in a LONG time.
Taking me back...
I don't think it'd be possible to count.
Such good times always flashbacks whenever I hear

R.I.P.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Trayvon Martin RT to show respect
Excited to see funny guys who can't bowl tonight
Just wanted to say that your set at was smokin'.
Earned a new fan in us.
Felt so wiped yesterday, amazing how great I feel today after all that!
agreed.
It's like crack.
Thank you Lear Automotive, LLP International for
Our website is down.
We are working on the problem and hope to have it up shortly.
What2ChainsWouldSay I eat her up for lunch eat the beat for dinner got that good wood I cut yo girl give her ass a SPLINTER
The law of the harvest says: Focused effort is amplified by appropriate timing and regimented routine.
Rory Vaden, from Take the Stairs
Congrats to all of my friends graduating today.
Can never get too much of those....
well maybe.
Know of any good ways to spend this doctorzzly day?
RT : coffee  reality tv
um actually, I'm done, i'm just putting it together!
Aye Send Those Pics 2 Mi Phone
oh yea, what time?
I would love to go!!
that's one crazy crazy game.
on my dvr.
forever or at least until the next episode of modern family.
lol
Sloppy knock on by USA.
hi can u follow back plz
I thank you Jesus cause God answers all my prayers
my printer just growled at me like a wookie...I'm scared
STOP TALKING TO ME YOU CREEPER!
NEVER TOO LATE.
thanks!!
Ready for the mini?
indeed!
Nice to hear the point of view of the folks directly involved, instead of facts in a newspaper.
's party was cracking ;D !!
San Diego, California Weather :: 68F PARTLY CLOUDY: 68F PARTLY CLOUDY
have fun in Vegas homie!
Tell Byron I said what up
Check out DJCHARLEYSHARP In the Mix special guest Alana Johnson from Rags 2 Riches Fashion Show May 3 at USU
Alera Valencia Series Bow Front Desk Shell, 72w X 42d X Cheaper ...
Fuck I just got soap in my eye!!!
Hurts like a bitch x/
so not feelin good bleh i might thro up
The awkward moment when someone sends you a one direction song and you like it....
I hope all the mothers in Brewer Nation had a tremendous Mothers Day!
Ever seen them live?
Here..let me help you with that!
NO!RT : Looking for the thumbsdown button!!
written/video reviews, articles, faqs, forum, local minimalist locator, shoe guide/compare/pick best shoe for u.
Like one of my alltime favorite artists  I'm WorkingOnadoctoram  follow my journey  stay tuned for news  info
Done w survey.
A5: Silence or Have you considered a career in another field?
I think your shirts could use a better font.
What do you need a graphic designer for?
Thank you!
And likewise!
:
How do you name a new product when all the good names are already taken?
any fab ideas for me team?
Hey Calapari, congrats on the win.
I hope the banners have velcro on the back though.
Chokers signed that bum Mario Henderson today, that means big sacks for Raiders Dline!
So the wind pushed me into my car AND shut the door 
just saw mission impossible....intense
9News legal analyst says accuser's inabilty to remember what happened night of alleged assualt major obstacle for P.
Cox prosecutors.
absolutely!
everything was so beautiful.
didn't take too many inside the ship.
mostly outside.
you will see them in 2 days
Yea but adam is gay.
neither;nor
In the end, what we regret most are the chances we never took.
Refused and ATDI?
I wish I could go this year.
I'm not sure I get it.
oh ya?
I have one million and one : ok maybe not!
why hello there captainin.
I'll be waiting for you!
You gotta catch me up on life at BG
The work has been at several botanic gardens so far  I think NY and DC among them.
Amazing work.
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'.
Robert Paul
: Leos are honest, loyal and very optimistic.
BOSS :
GUESS WHAT!
You could've typed the 't' instead of the full stop.
Fail.
ImHappyWhen My friends actually invite me somewhere instead of me asking.
Today was the 2nd stage for the Modern Woodmen Speech.
My friend Oscar was up there and...IT WAS JUST SO FING SAD!!!
It made me cry...
I've been waiting at Metro Center for over 45 min..
I just realize I forgot to say goodnight to last night.
Forgive me?
If I had all the wifi data in the world, I wouldn't trade it for the one known source I now have.
Great interview but wow you're absolutely stunning tonight  is that new?
backchannel curator of the CC Museum!!
LOL
india gonna win!
nah I think it's called bisexual
Let's go mayweather
Good morning thanking God for life
: We're far too technologically advanced to need to use our vocal chords.
Happy Birthday to the hottest woman on this planet .....
!
Can I get some of that birthday cake?
Leesburg: heavy rain with some wind in less than 20 mintues...
Good Morning!
Have a Wonderful Wednesday.....SPREAD LOVE
My dad asked who I was texting, I told him my doctorg dealer...
He didn't think it was funny.
Want to share your Trinidad Sour recipe with the world?
See you at mcc2012!
thats right.
Early Retirement Squad sounds more legit tho lolz getting paper cuts over here and I get automatic deposits :
Felix  Oscar, Willie Nelson  anyone, Corona  Lime, mac  cheese  better together
Do it again Sunday!
Busy busy night.
Love it!
dude you rawk.
RT : Ok party people and fellow stoners!
Ad this person to your lists.
Why?
Stay tuned.
just how horny bro
Jk cause boots is a chicle and a cockblocker
And Nina Foch!
Ace Factor hits the stage tonight at 7:30!!
BITCH LOOK LIKE AN AVATAR
Yes!
charge it haha I can't even imagine what will happen in the thrid
i love my iPhone btw :
If I stopped playing golf every time I was six over through nine holes, I'd never get past the windmill hole...
GameOfThrones was good, hit me up tomorrow for some 10 custom tees
love love
hahahah yeeaaah:  me  him are together..
he just doesn't know it yet hahah:b
pumped to write comparative review of your terrific book and azaransky's on pauli murray
well spoken!
Work 4close!
not the real Selena
u deserve it!
U r done with finals, time to celebrate graduation!!
Life is a matter of dealing with other people, in little matters and cataclysmic ones, and that means a series of conversations
Train is delayed.
But I've had such good luck with you so far amtrak.
Let there be open seats at least.
Call Me Maybe so we can go Round and Round
Since most of us spend our lives doing ordinary tasks, the most important thing is to carry them out extraordinarily well.
I big thank you to all the ladies out there today looking beautiful in those summer doctorsses.
Never pick a fight with someone who buys ink by the barrelor has lots of Twitter followers.
1936 Ethiopian Emperor Rastafari Halie Selassie the Lion of Judah fled Addis Ababa in advance of Mussolini's invading armies.
I suppose I'll join the Skype gripefest too
Guess its his time of the month
Welcome.
Didn't get much of a chance to disrupt.
That Iguadola layup will be your playoff teaser from here until next season.
I don't think I'll be sleeping peacefully tonight...
Saw a flippin roach and my whole body just got goosebumps .
After all they've went through this season this team deserves to win the FA cup.
They were the best team today no doubt
most that r looking love r virgins!haa!thn once they take the plunge..thier sluts like most  work  go 2 splash!
prolix, selfindulgent, and jargonridden prose fan club
when girls try to wear boy clothes 
I just looked I wonder what happened cause u were the 1st per I followed and now its liked I just followed u?
I can only imagine....
was on Edge :P
Thanks for the RT!
First day walking to work and I get to see the sun come up!
Great PR resolutions from 5 Resolutions for 2012 for PR and Social Media via
I miss you to!
Off to Facebook:
haha alright.
If you want I'll teach you some stuff when you get back
yea snuggle
You're cuter than a guinnie pig, wanna take you up to Winnipeg, that's in Canada!
Thanks for the FF love!!
The policestate likes it when you believe it doesn't exist.
Don't give them the pleasure.
hope u make ur deadline!
So boring ....
Ugh
Weather calls for a beautiful night to bike Cleveland with 300 others!
We depart THE MALL at 7 PM and will ride for about 10 miles.
Meillassoux doesn't sound that crazy to me.
Does that make me crazy?
burned 356 calories doing 43 minutes of Running 10.6 min mile with hills
saw Denver's schedule for 2012...not easy..all that division and the Pats and Falcons on the road..
Rain Rain Go Away, we want to workout outside today...
For reals.
RT : If Seattle still had the sonics I would never miss a game...
: Pray For Me Please.i will
loll, omg.
dead.
lets go teambringit !
teambringit is gonna beat
Flips show this Saturday!
Woot woot!
Let's blow up his mentions to wake him up?:
yes great idea!
Oh please!
Now get a proper icon!
game tonight.
Pitt I'm sorry we have to do this to you.
I cannot believe what thinks is okay to wear with guests in attendance.
Going to bed now.
I need it to be tomorrow!!
Ahh 3 goodnight
I thought Skrillex was the name of a new brand of tampons.
Two hrs til my weekend officially begins.
Yayyyy.
So looking forward to these days off.
Montgomery County Police are searching backyard and wood line of Michigan Ave.
in Silver Spring for the reported armed fugitive.
: Cross the line if you push people away because you dont want to get hurt.
mylife!
doctorpkick Murphys and Mighty Mighty Bosstones tonight at Fenway Park...OH YEAH!
you deserve it
Our Banana Pudding Milkshake is coming back in exactly 1 month!
The countdown has begun...
So excited about the songs I'm writing with my new band!
updating plaxo  is it worth doing?
just another saturday morning at Notre Dame?
toofar?
it really is though like I'm not even complaining haha
STOP BEING A STRANGER
I never wanted to be a player, I always wanted a fairy tale :'/
family vacation doesn't start til tomorrow and they've already stressed me out
dude is rocking it!!
love that they are honoring dance music!
Volunteer training fireiceexhibit did you know Hindenburg was the length of the Capitol building?
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
Clifton Fadiman, born on this day in 1904.
Peeps, we're out at 14th and U today.
Come by and say hello!
Today was a fun day...didn't step outside once.
Saw lots of HTML and CSS though...my girlfriends.
I feel really cool haha
punch some crazy teenage kids in the face today!
whose a few im one of them
No matter who you're trying to be, you are always gonna be the man in the mirror.
RT : Hey peeps!
Don't miss the Closing Party tonight at Sodo Showbox 6:30pm with...
Love Q  A concept.
Provides memorable experience convert causal fans into brand loyalists
You're sweet!
Today in 1970, Bread hits 1 with Make It With You.
NO.
WAY.
Obama adviser Robert Gibbs tells AP he expects Wisconsin to be tighter this year than 2012 when Obama won by 14 points
three 3 and outs.
Trent is a beast.
Cant wait to see that dude run in the bigs.
I really need to start living my twitter life more..one tweet at a time?
Baby tweets.
I mean, baby steps.
Amen bro
: AT least I stood with you:
You are THE Paul Revere!
Don't doubt the ?
next time!
oh will we lol
In my purple boy shorts
WE'VE GOT TO WORK, WORK, WORK THIS OUT.
LOLOLOLOL XD
Looking nice!!
Wish I was on your tour.
Enjoy.
Patrick Dooley, Chief of Staff: leading structural effort to merge ADAA and MHA into a single Behavioral Health Admin.
hell naw!
These the money makers!
We just loving our tour right Now and abiut to release these classics in spring!
posted on my facebook page
thankstomyex I passed the bar exam when she dumped me!
:D
considering the Brewers hitting/pitching whoas has the front office considered wearing the powder blue uniforms?
ok im gonna start the live chat in about 5 mins :
u are hilarious !!!
Yup, you're pretty awesome : the presentation went well, now to play the waiting game on grades.
crossedfingers How are you??
OMFG a week away without a phone.
SOMEONE TALK TO ME.
Haha.
I Am Almost To 900 Followers.
Can Somebody Please Help Me?
I Would Love To Have 900 Followers By The End Of Tonight If Possible...Pleasee :
ayyy dios mio my head hurts like hell :O
it was the most hidious thing ever...ugh...i rememberbit like it was yesturday..
The blog or the new professorle?
RT : Seems overwhelming.
RT How do you feel about Facebook's new Timeline?
bit.ly/AfcZiU
Watermelon, grilled peach and feta salad with hummous and crackers and a glass of red wine...
Thanks Samadhi!
RT : RHP Blake Parker being added to bullpen today.
Was 2.08, 13 app.
at Iowa.
Correspndng move TBA.
Coleman, Maine have options.
doesn't cellular look different though?
let us entertain your clients during the holidays!
Check out our music at www.supertonicstringquartet.com we have holiday music
Only two spots left for Friday's makeup deal  50 in BECCA products...call 4411777 to book!
Figured it wouldn't be as transparent if I deleted and reposted correctly :
Cookin up some breakfast..m....goetta
I hate watching those disgusting replays in a game.
breakFast the most glorious meal of the year
Time is moving so slow
Tigers game with  : Go Tigers!
Q: were you born in texas?
Yes, Dallas, Texas.
:D
Love in Beautiful Girls.
I forgot how good that movie was.
Life's too short to dwell on all that's wrong
lol.
Haven't seen you here in awhile ;
where you gonna be after the game?
All calm at the moment in the 405 closing all emergency services in alert, so no problems reported.
and ruined all of your credibility
WHY IS AUSTIN SO ADORABLE asdfghjkl;
i believe in deadlines :.
I will check my calendar on Mon!
Grr enemy is staying here.
Who wants to sabotage?
you're welcome!
thank you!
Yes its at 1:30 today :
Such a FUCKING amazing night!!!
Peeta I LOVE you
selena's new song falling down is amazing can't get it out of my head!!!
aw thanks u to luu!
love you
The word cassingle needs to die.
It's all true, baby.
stacking ASS!!!
Change doesn't come from those who wait, it comes from those who agitate!!
Julian Bond, National Equality March Oct '09
new day same ambition!
taking this music to the top!
confidence on high like inflation!
its your boy slimgoodie!
loves the red line because of the dork factor of the reading everyone is doing.
Party at the store tonight 69!
20 off while you mix and mingle including 6080 off summer markdowns!!
High puffy RT RT : welcome home!
:
lol it's a bet aye u need to call me or dm me your number
good job in the gym ps To succeed in life and take every opportunity, don't ask why?
ask why not?!
Damn I don't know if I want the wireless Beats headphones or the Solo HD.
The Solo comes in my favorite color red and wireless is
at a party
Hey!!!!
Hope u have a good day at doctorss rehersals ;D
preciate it bro
Someones gonna want me.
NO get coupons but by no means cut your cable..Hello madmen is in 2 weeks and gameofthrones in less than a month.
Earth in upheaval: Europe stole the show in 2011.
In 2012 the debacle may consume the west, US  Japan; plus crises in Iran, N.
Korea, etc..
!!!!
Good morning!!
Training time :
FOLLOW BACK: AND PLEASE TELL PPL CHECK OUT MY MUSIC THX
Hunger is the best sauce.
Not getting stuck at work because of the weather, nope I'll swim home if I have to  ah : /
RT : For mobile apps  adding visuals and primary sources is key.
Richard C.
Cooper
Who knew Conan O'Brien can wax so simple and professorund, right?
You cannot equate money  humanity.
Are you kidding me?
Glee??
What is this crap?
I have social media chronic fatigue syndoctorme right now
People still use Outlook in 2012 :
Where should I eat dinner?
Hype Hotel has left me woozy...
It's a beautiful day in inland San Diego.
Beach is overrated :
is one freaky chick!
Wow she rocks!
We are preparing for aaos conference in San Diego next week.
Great solutions to share.
Check out booth 141, Jen, Phil, and Mary.
happy happy birthday to one of the best people I know!
Love and miss ya
People that chew ice freak me out.
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat  Alex Levine.
All I wanted this Christmas was your virginity.
I named this ruffie after Santa.
Take an inventory of your online reputation: have friends look  help identify content that should be removed.
A hungry stomach seldoms scorns plain food.
Horace
Tim riggins featured in 2 commercials so far....
I dont know what i will do without her
yep...
maybe chugging some water will get this out of my system!
:oP
thanks for retweeting me!!
Say Somethin If your feeling the vibe.
Say Somethin Baby Don't Be too Shy.
Say Somethin Cuz' Your All In My Head Like Oh woah Yeah Yeah ;
Who would have thought with weaver pitching, no HR by josh and Angels scoring 6 that the rangers would be winning?
And winning easily.
YOUR FUCKING MOTHER.
join us 4 a luv buzz tonight Social Club 4 a screening of Nirvana Live  Paramount  6 PM  Midnight.
So will UMS.
Well, no motion, but still....
and I are right there with you.
Congratulations to our very own you can work for the WH, then hopefully the design world will be a breeze!
I hope they get 1D for the newbeez fest3
Your argument was being spammed not that you don't like it, its cool we don't want any fans like you.
wow!!!
good stuff I subbed :D
Ford, Edison, Jobs..all put a ding in the universe.
That's what great innovators do.
RIP Steve.
Maryland Film Fest Opening Night tickets still available  50, buy at the door by 7:30 at Brown Center.
Show starts 8pm.
Shout out to Michael from for taking gr8 photos  the Cubs event inc.
the 1 that landed in the !
ALL DAY
Congrats on the win!!!
I love If someone cant make a mashup of your content, why do you have it?
I'm doing well; TyI'm sry things r uncertain 4uI wish I cld help; I LUV U!!!
If I cld, I'd give u a BIG OL'SQUEEZE!!!
Xoxox
Mad as can be at you know who piss off yo brother can kick bricks!
LMAO!
It's like a whale gave birth to a roaring tRex
Goin to take her to the redneck fairs this summer 
Hate those days that not you on your ass.
Need a cigarette.
badday badhabbits :
Thinks its funny that my sister seems to be so concerned with the sound of the iced tea making in the coffee pot...
Thank you Michael!
MT FF to FP industry thought leaders: 
Every person on earth gets 24 hours, that makes us all equal.
Its what you do with yours that makes us unequal
nigga ;3 that's the point!
Cotton candy pink is freakin radd.
I'll be like eat my hair  they'll be like fuckin weirdo
it's called I'd cap that but only iphone has it.
My weekend was restful luv, and how was NY fr you...I talked to doctorw today
thank you!
Celebrating 24 years of business today with the whole Apple Rock Family!
I do find myself much more receptive to kitteh sloppy seconds 
Ugh its so late but im not sleepy and i need to get hw done but i dont have enought energy.
What do i do?!
Im not sleepy but im tired ...
Hm, I have no idea.
The G8 summit should be over by then, right?
And LE is booked solid, too!
Awww!
You will see him again soon.
He loves you more than anything don't you ?
We love you danielle!!
3
The only thing I've learned from my nutrition class: We all will pretty much die from anything we eat.
Used to work there, agree RT : Copper caboose needs better training of employees fail told no meat in potatoes
Just counted 4 toolbars on the girls browser in front of me
yeah!
i just wanna see adam's sexy self.
Hey and , go meet each other and be friends!
I'm bridging my Wooster and Rhodes families, one meeting at a time!
Why did the duck stick his leg into a computer?He wanted to have webbed feet.
The new record is finally complete!
A year and a half in the making.
Can't wait to get it pressed
Crackin' up over here!
Good morning !!!!!
:D am still up couldn't fall asleep!
: 21
Phil?
: What was Scar's name before he got his scar?
LionKing
Thanks again to for making what we do so pretty
if he was 6262 he would of lasted this long anyway.
Really trying to keep it together in front of my lil kings but i feel like my heart just went through a food processor and a whopper chopper
someone wrote: I wish Google maps had an 'Avoid Ghetto' routing option
Is that like take your child to work day?
Just kidding of course!
Tell the HSD gang I said hello.
I said GLENDA not Diana RT lmao!
She bout 65 RT : I missed Detroit news...
fine ass Glenda Lewis!
People are afraid of paintings.
When it's a quilt, it clears up for them.
Makes them feel closer on her mediums
just updated seesmic, love the new timeline navigation features!
doctoram.
What are you doing with yours?
Do something!!
ff Great tweets this week!
Georgia early in the morning tomorrow!: excited!
Well reading quotes/advice from before and now.
There so meaningfull3
RS' 'beast of burden' will always make me jive
Underwear seem difficult to make; maybe THAT'S why they're so expensive.
For wa?:o RT : Tickets for 4  Tell me if you want some :
Rage For Recovery is coming up!
Portsmouth Ohio it's been awhile.
Are you ready to tap your toes and synchronously move your hips?
Happy 60th!
Fun show this morning
Oh okay, just listened to it!
It sounds good : aw can't wait!
is that the only song you want?
there is a ginormous bug in the bathroom and I am not going in there.
Thanks for the shout out !
We look forward to Public Exposure tonight.
I want to sue the US Government on eminent domain grounds.
Taking of property with payment of just compensation.
Fk Congress
I told Aubrey she can't leave me..it's so hard noting having your best friend by your side every single day :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY STANA X :
BeckMedia Fiesta Friday/Quatro de Mayo starting in about an hr.
Not that I'm counting down or anything.
Hit me up if you want to come.
just started following Paper towels...Jealous??
Fuggin' ridiculous too...
can't shake out of it either.
I knew you were talented  but the guitar in the pool!?
Wow...
What does that mean?
There will be more detail in a Facebook post presently, but put simply: less text, more video.
that's a fantastic invite!
I'm expecting captainuck to roll into a double play.
Why?
Because he sucks.
Wait.
What.
Walter is the god?
Diamonds are the gem of character and spirit.
They radiate the dazzling personality of those who wear it.
Goodnight Twitter  We will be watching Apollo 13 tonight.
Consciousness conditioned by an object becomes conditionedconsciousness.
good afternoon
is this good or bad?
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it.
Peter Pan
had an amazing day with the love of my life, !
I missed him so much!
OMG I'm not sure would be a good thing...
ie, hey what u doing friday  im gonna stop by the bank for a quickie...
5/15Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Jon Fisch
happy b day doctorp u a Lil su
TateRousey Its about time
People think I worship the dead cuz of it wut
Haters always gone hate...
Yes, but it was selfinflicted so don't feel too bad for me.
:
to know you are grieving with each pasting day
gunna miss ya girl at the gamee!
yah the musical term was invented in the 1950s like CW but the musical style had been around years before
forget you
exactly!!
so its a swear word
I take it back.
Do it.
I am now an enabler!
MAKE ALL OF THE MINIS!
ive only tweeted a couple times today..
Man ii miss him so muucccchhhhhh
Ordered another bikini today 3 just cant get enough ;
M burgers....
RT Grand opening November 18th, it's a Friday!
Who's coming?
you're kidding....
You're amazing
That was unprofessorssional to call out a ref live.
Your opinions got the best of you and UFC should make you apologize
thanks for havin my back chainsaw
MeThis coffee tastes like it has bud in it.
Paul Well you did get it from a hipster, dirty bitches and their bud coffee
A FedEx delivery guy just rode by on a bicycle.
Love it, but I wonder where the packages are?
Dear 8:15am presenters PLA12, sorry you got the sucky slot the nite after so much alcohol flowing.
also, sorry I'm late...again
Hated by jealous so they envy me
Just think, somewhere, there's an editor who has to watch this nonsense, repeatedly, and make a show out of it.
Me, watching
1I shudder to think you operate a motor vehicle.
2I wonder what you look like naked.
3I hope you tip well My only thoughts at work.
yeah ok...i'll check it out
Today may be worse than yesterday, but tomorrow will better than them both!!PAKMAN OF INTRIGUE U RECORDS
Wahooooo !!!
Crazy great start to the season.
Should be a good year for the boys if tonight is any indication...
Eating at my moms resteraunt...good burger moma
your both beautiful the way you are!
keep on being you and i love you both unconditionaly :
Welcome back!
: Let us know if we can help with anything!
whats even better is the text message followed later by the fb/twitter pic nobodylikesabragger :
oh no problem!!
:p
This Thanksgiving I'm extremely grateful to have a wonderful family  awesome friends  to you guys for making my 3rd year in the US great!
HAH HEY ITS ME UVE REPLYD TO ME BEFORE BUT U PROBS WONT NOW BUT I UNDERSTAND UR PROBABLY PACKED WITH FANS BUT THANKS ANYWAYS :
The greater the difficulty, the greater the glory.
Cissero
It's so cute that oranges are a winter fruit.
It's like they're little round storage pods for summer.
Final doctorss!
amazing workout at 2am...
On Planet Mars Today Aayye!
Saturn tomorrow Aayye!!!
RT : lol I see that kid!
Ha
And I don't have to see mister.
Wilhelm today, toady should be a good day 
Lori Compas with a BIG lead out of the gate over protest candidate.
If she wins will face Scott Fitzgerald
I have no clue!
Any good places to eat in Boston?
America premiere's tonight on !
Tonight's episode is right in my back yard, Minneapolis, MN!
lol go to bed!
gotta study for my test tomorrow and i wanna get a hundoctord but now im going to watch the new novela that came out today so ttyl.
Chelsea
My Brother's Crawfish cancels closure Cajun Boil resto signs 5yr lease.
:
That was cool.
I wish i could watch all my cats move in slow motion.
So great to see you.
And yes, brunch was obscene.
:
The roof if the net just got KRONWALLED!!!!
Round 3 of
Temp of the month  Feb 2012 ......who will it be???
whats this party thing u guys are tlking about?
awesome game!
i have a follow limit.
i would if i could.
cool no problem
But I was so sleepy, it was a good nap bahaha c:
Entourage is having its season finale next week?
I feel like it just started.
What will happen to Lloyd?
K, so I have a choice between going bowling or going shopping and I don't know which one to choose please reply  tell me Wich one I shud do
yeah and you probably could get those 30 homers for a change.
Inbox: 0.
Ready for Japan!
That's a fun album.
Go white boy go white boy go.
The new nonpopulation U.S.
Census schedules rock!
I've found ancestors there that I couldn't find elsewhere.
Take the time, start using 'em
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
Ted Williams
It's a wonderful Saturday morning to be in Milwaukee!
Wouldn't you agree?
very true point Tom.
Thanks for voting and for the support.
WTUL New Orleans is playing No Joy's Ghost Blonde in its entirety right now.
So proud of !
We managed to raise over 32,000 in our campaign.
Proud to be a part of such an amazing company.
Maybe I'm splitting hairs.
Also, this is the first time I can remember that I've used the word fancy.
Thank you for that.
Don't cry because it's over.
Smile because it happened.
Surprised by new interface on the Occupational Outlook Handbook when doing an impromptu class.
Had forgotten about the update.
i'd be game for a spot if you end up trying to put a league together.
could be good excuse to watch mls games.
u a fagbag
please follow me.
it will complete me.
who buying followers LOL
MT : A5: We're trying different venues for events, partnering with businesses, thinking outside the bookstore
Very much welcome !
;
But in the nxt 2 yrs any extension would raise output, income and employment.
A perm extns would provide more of a lift than a temp one.
RT if you can't sleep :
Luckiest guy in the world to have as my wife.
Cannot wait til r date
Yay!
Myers and Odorizzi to Omaha!
That's some good news, folks.
Today, we start to gather as masses of aware, concerned citizens to imptove our future, and that of our childoctorn
Stop on by for our Monday special: 8 Schlitz and 1/2 price appetizers!
3325 N Southport Ave
brorape for me.
Just thinking about how sick the show at the Magic Stick is going to be on 8/2!
And by classism I am using the polite word.
Positively Pittsburgh Live Radio Tonight at 7pm  Listen to Ashley Moss Talk about Small Business Works on 05.21
answers i will get in huge trouble
Been fighting off a bug the last two days.
Approaching normal.
welcome!
That's what friends are for 3 I'll always be here.
Finding that would definitely make my week.
You rock.
When will you know the results?
BTW, I commend you all for having the guts to do that  it was fun watching all the videos!
Nice seeing you this weekend Kelly You were right food from Raw Fusion was delicious!!
If a woman speaks in the forest with no man present, is she still BITCHING ?
What time you leaving ?
Where you traveling through ?
thanks for the RT today!
About to critique my Conversation piece.
Lets do this.
SHOEGAZE FANS: Release party for Astrobrite Crush LP is Wednesday at !
DJ sets by Scott Cortez
Gonna go wash my dog then take him walking.!3
Knowing I will probably NEVER meet Austin again, makes me want to cry forever.
guess they didn't do what they're supposed to do huh?
Lol feel better
What I said to really hope he sees it if you can really see it clearly just go on his wall check it out came from the heart
Your friends are so great.
Lol.
I know!
My heart melted so much when they were dancing.
I am so glad I found this show.
OMG I am following I love him dude you do look poetic with a beard.
hehehehehe woooooohooooooooo
Just wanna tell my hubby Gn  I love You!
leave school immediately
except the ride is much more anti climactic
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable, Cream of Chicken with Wild Rice,  Chili
What gets longer when pulled, fits between a woman's boobs, inserts neatly into a hole  works best when jerked hard?
A seatbelt.
I've called and emailed about 40 times.
No response.
Not exactly a great corporate image.
I'm now tweeting my request.
Oooohhh I hope its the fat one!
Teenage girls talking about relationships like y'all know shit learn how to wipe that ass first
wouldn't it be typical of to somehow use antiquated rules to block the merger?
Totally bummed...
Last day in Paris and I lost my camera after the most spectacular experience at the Eiffel Tower.
Praying I find it...
Why does my dm always post to my page what the hell.
Hmn : o well
Get ready for spring and summer!
Schedule your teeth whitening appointment today.
Far better results than you'll get from a tube!
4864880!
oh good!
already?
What happened?
I'm looking for one too...
Thank goodness didn't get hit by the twisters that hit Dallas!
Jk!!!
I'm glad not a lot Of peeps Got hurt!
Let us take care of breakfast tomorrow morning!
Made to order omelets, every Saturday 9am  noon at our Pearl store.
Lets go
Picks from 185 Cappers are now posted and 11 consensus from these picks and we are off a 43 consensus Saturday and it seems Tebone has mem.
thx, I need it for both
we like seriously need to move there!
doctorpped a bunch of free MKE Punk buttons off with Dan at Rushmore.
Make sure to get one next time you stop in.
Join us 4/28 at the Media Event, Orlando.
The legendary Timmy Thomas will be raffling off 3 signed CDs of his new remix release W/Alana Joy
Thought: roomba that delivers coffee to you in the morning.
Get on that, iRobot!
El link por favor
Spent yesterday on Colorado Blvd in Pasadena, soaking in all the wonderful sights, scents  changing CA demographics at the Rose Parade!
ISSUE 3 UPDATE!!!
We've seen the spike in site traffic, so we know you're waiting!
Issue will be up later today, Nov.
3rd.
zine new issue
Munching on low calorie Tic Tacs to help get me through this new no carb diet phase of my life.
talking to right now!
If I had twin babies, you would have to pay me to travel with them prior to the age of 15.
Both baseball and softball got the win
The day has come when I have died only to find I've come alive
Pleased be asked back to rock Denver 2012 again
haha, same here:
I need a new valentines date!!
:D
Hello!
How are you?
I'm so glad you wrote Proctor or I wouldn't know who you are, not your pic for sure.
How are you?
Tis true, has turned me into a Football junky!
Good morning!
And happy Friday!
If that's what float your boat who am I to stop your happiness
Doubled up with AA vs AQ all in on QT3 w/2 to a flush flop in 3bet PF pot
Union back line has played well in 1v1 situations, but the line is all over the place on the counter.
A bit more shape would be nice.
Today's alamw12 PopTopStage focus is Storytelling.
Thanks for the Twitter follow.
if I had known it was starting at 5:30 instead of 4:00 I wouldn't have rsvp'd to the other event :.
I love your rug!
Visited w/ HomeInstead SeniorCare today, what an loving and kind company!
eed any assistance for family, make sure you check them out.
Hi GreyGrey : Are you going to be going on a summer tour for the U.S.?
I f you do I hope you come to New York : 
Love my new sweater I'm wearing today, but I've only left the house to walk my dogs.
If you wear a cute outfit and nobody can see it...
good look tell more and seaport the music take care :
Y'all better kill it tonight , I'm already planning to cite this panel discussion in my thesis.
make me go to sleep
Some people can't grasp that everything is a twoway road, you get what you give.
So don't expect a whole lot when you give so little
My dad's cousin Mike brought me a loaf of bread from Connecticut this weekend.
.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
white girl listens to gambino for the first time after quoting his popular lines and says DID HE JUST SAY RETARDED?
YOU CANT JUST SAY THAT
Fantastic event!
Already looking forward to next month's pitch.
To all the people who complained about taking my 20 min.
survey: it's 5000x worse having to analyze all your data in a 12 page paper!
I'll tweet you after my softball game!!!
nHappy to see that Health Care Reform is a trending topic.
Just below Justin Bieber.
I need to get some food, anyone have any suggestions?
.
is NOT impressed MT : I'm in the hospital!
Just split open my toe running in flip flops.
I'm a moron!
Mum, the presidents are squishing me
I love this!
Chatting on here to someone from KY and my long Australia Jaren!
the best.
Yes!!
RT : Hey people, tell the app that gives you your week on Twitter to DM you.
The rest of us don't care.
What was your total travel time?
Had fun today watching book club students discover verse novels.
Interested to showcase your photos??
Email me...
ESEA hearing over.
Now we wait to see if anything changes.
Im done arguing with people , i just want you to know Jesus .
Love on you completly dispite our flaws .
Worship him , adore him !
Someone I haven't heard from in a long time called me to say, they found a career job, making 70,000.
I replied congrads you deserve it.
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
I'll be spectating as  run.
Can't wait.
And the most wise tweet of the day by FAR goes to: RT : It's never an inappropriate time for chicken.
TEACH ME.
thanks Nish!
Where are you these days?
I mistaked sugar hill for new jack city....
SMH
doors are open.
Let the games begin.
just when you think you can take a step forward life screws you ever and make things difficult.
Its really about the type of meeting that the company is trying to create, rather than the type of company that is holding the meeting
when people assum my twees are for them 
When ChuckNorris plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.
ikr jackie bout 2 come out in me girl
RT We are live right now NEW I got some new usher, mavado, camistern,  frank ocean!
ItsGoingDown  Im in WA tuned in
Happy Canada Day..
Seeming as though you're the only Canadian i know..
I'll say it to you lol.:
The presents I wrapped tonite are actually brown paper packages tied up with string.
conceited and idiotic
Its Nat'l Almond Day  we're fans, especially if it's in the form of an amaretto cocktail...
yeah I'm thinking about that...have u done Plyocide yet?
JAMS open forum Tues.
9:3010:30 Greene Hall.
Come even if you didn't RSVP, but thanks to those who did, like and !
I'm there with you.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking.
Don't settle.
By: Steve Jobs CS
I post the Photos !!!!!
And Now I'll Follow You !!!!!
God does not define your life on what you have done, he difines your life on who you are.
Once Bullying begins, it can take different channels and a whole dynamic shape..get out in front of it..
Exactly  obviously not.
Ah well some people will never grow up, feel sorry for them.
I love more things than I hate, believe it or not.
i suppose i will update my mac's after a solid 50 days of uptime
thats wasssup im glad to hear u ard .
i be out north allot man the city gettin worse .
smh .
our goals is for you to not have to worry or know about what version of GitHub for Mac you're on.
appenhanced Coventry Village walking tour.
May 19.
10 a.m.
More info?
Contact FutureHeights.
Dnt think its working out : dnt want to do this but......
Idk anymore
Met F.
Murry Abraham tonight.
I could not have been more in awe.
Lots of famous actors in that bar but he blew everyone away.
I don't know it said online to put everything in rice hope it works I have no luck with phones this year
Will also be doing doctorveby stock signing/group hugs/howls at and Support your local indies!
haha no problem: and thanks, u too
That person has memory palaces.
It's hard sometimes.
Life without a toaster or microwave.
I have now joined the iPhone cult.
Gotta assume Barmes to SS, Harrison to 1B
Goodnight new friend
I feel like I should turn the channel so they have hopes of scoring a run
I didn't : But it is a movie night!
RT : Guess what was an answer on Jeopardy tonite?
The Celtics.
The category was Pay Paul and the question was about Pierce.
Do it then fat bitch.
Not sure.
I was looking through recommendations on my brother's netflix and saw that title and had to tweet about it.
lol
BAYAREABELIEBERS.
SO WERE THINKING...
BAY AREA BUYOUT FOR BELIEVE?!:
that Roussillon/Viognier from Mendocino looked delicious!
Hope to see you all at
I guess because we keep letting her, huh?!!
Lol
Thanks Bcoop for getting me subway!
i might not go to school tomorrow
hey alli its doug from troys acting class
SOMEBODY is checkedout.
I can only come to flankhappyhour until about 6 so we'll see!
You forget how lucky we are in Seattle to have great coffee EVERYWHERE until you travel.
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 39
hm i dont think im a restaurant :
SALUTETHEDJ DATSKUSH S/O N FOLLOW GOT DA EXCLUSIVE MUSIC FLAMING UP ON DATSKUSH BLOG SITE
I like the doctorams of the future better than the history of the past.
Patrick Henry
I checked the website and this BIOS error is known...why don't they fix it?
have fun getting tan :
Last episode of TheOffice in less than 30 minutes!
I can definitely go for right now.
the strawberry one or almond: yum.
Soo.....My Boyfriend Cheated On Me.....
Won 2bets an hour in pretty tough mixgames and not tough o8 this week.
Plus got to play big O and PL badugi for first time oO hooray
Are you a foursquare aficionado?
Us too!
Checkin during your next visit to unlock some of our awesome deals!
Swag is for boys class is for real niggas
Good morning n happy Wednesday.
in my school newspaper there was a section about one direction and your name was spelled wrong i was vivid.
you have to stand your ground ppl will try to run you over and thanks good luck to you as well
I sent my solution to the Public Health Plan problem to Obama.
Guess what?
It'll work.
It even supplies a way to pay for it.
No new taxes.
is in an undisclosed mountain location.
Protein is an important part of every cell in your body.
Beans, chicken and beef are all great sources.
Do you ever get the feeling that you stand in a triangle with the sides marked: artist, collector, and hoarder?
I'm having a pretty good day so far  how about you?
Shameless went there tonight...shocking!
.
We just noticed your tweets on women's history!
Have you also seen the wmnhist and herstory hashtags?
Tehehehe RT Klout believes you are influential about Muppets.
I have failed utterly.
Amber has a huge fanbase.
Also, cold autumn
Tweets Be Legit 
Despite the challenges of singing in Ukrainian, first rehearsal went pretty well!
Hello David.
Hope you are well.
You have been on my mind lately
He/She will SEETHE.
I cannot wait for that meltdown.
He'll be having one whether he shows it or not.
Borgore  Someone Else's
Join Jeff Jimerson  Airborne this Thursday at 8pm.
You just made yourself look guilty .
I just don't understand how people put up with me, I was awful in my early 20s.
LOL!!!
None, yet.
I'm just chilling out at the station now
I leave my broken heart in ur hands
followed, follo back?
Good Luck today Andy !!!
You DA MAN !!!
Just posted the new song!
Check it out and let us know what you think!
:
Just fed my babygurl niw about to do her hair :
Making people eat crow?
Mittism akin to firing people I assume, quite enjoyable to
can my band play on your show?
Good for you!
RT : Just ran for an hour with hardly any walking!
Yay me!
New Girl makes a Tuesday better
Greg Brown is a total toolbag.
RTJR?
So lame.
can't speak on Mayfair because I have no idea about it...but you can't get a decent house in pennsport for under 300,000
Awesome!
See you soon!
Airlines will be required to hold a reservation without payment for 24 hours or cancel a reservation during that period without penalty.
Ha, so I hear...and they had booze?
Definitely a selling point we fail to offer
yes and no.
Pretty terrible pedometer.
Tracks movement of your arm.
Gives points based on movemen
Or a lot
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me C.
S.
Lewis
Thanks!
Dinner by the hubs is making up for the day o' meetings :
I love fall  scarves, sweaters and FOOTBALL!!!
Excited for this weekend...
but nervous for my Buckeyes!!
there are those doing that who still can't find anything I try not to be mean 2 them because it could be me Just as easily
Jadens baseball game went well!
He had 2 hits and 2 got 2 ppl out while playing second baseman!
Please check out www.findinghope.tv A runaway teengirl fugitive, played by Molly Quinn
How are things with your startup?
who to contact directly about a meeting room?
OMG ME I HAVE BEEN READY!!!!
np element good stuff
Love is foolish ...
but I still might try it sometime.
Floyd
dude you got out of DC fast...
what was this?
I will let the boys know!
hahaha dude why you always go to my vocabulary it's not funny .
Lol think of something better than that hahaha
Gods love for me is greater than any mistake I have ever made.
Thank you Jesus.
We are also on Facebook!
Keyword  iDecide2B.
Like us and get ready to tell us what you Decide2B!

Taurus don't talk their business to anyone.
both my films Undisconnected and Smiley were nominated for best short comedy at the Bare Bones Film Fest!
Super excited!
Question asked about ladies event: WSOP says it will have to let men play, but will try and discourage them from doing so.
I got 5 followers!
That's a big milestone for me!
It's Wilson 4 Central.
But everyone calls it the Harry Potter Room b/c it looks like the main hall at Hogwarts.
that's a good point.
so much GOOBing cc
too tired to be here.
can I go home?
Literally an AMAZING day outside!
And I'm starting to feel tons better!
Agreed..you can always count on Apatow for a nice, awkward sex scene...
fighton mister A
Hope you and your family are happy with the college acceptances!
Isn't this THE DAY to hear from eveyone?
Talert: ALL buses delayed by traffic  org.
line by police.
Waiting 4 email: Everything we operate is experiencing a 1520 minute delay
oh hay Gurl hay
Neither of the two Manchester sides have broken through yet, Newcastle concedes goal at Everton...
I got a whoppa in da car 
Michael, thank you for the RT!
Just get it now!
you are assaulting twitter right now.
Do you have your witty ideas at once?
RT : Need more folks in trenches to give presentations at ARMA11, sign up for next year Couldn't agree more.
I'm submitting
Workaholic humblebrag RT: Flurry of twitter action not helping me accomplish my goal of leaving the office at 4pm.
It's clearly a banner year for Yolo Co.
grasses...
The burning aroma of this year's vintage contains hints of rubber and shoe leather.
no shit?
kill them all.
noticed a lot of my favorite WaPo articles  both serious and hilarious are 's
There always will be.
Damn its humid and sticky!
Yuk!
In reading, as in eating, an appetite is half the feast.
Anonymous
RT : The shit I see on twitter is RIDICULOUS
and the biggest girl ever told u let's do it again lmao
Protesters blocking roads  bus routes  causing traffic delays for Philadelphians in Center City.
Plan for delays.
There'sABetterWay
Red shirts on Star Trek.
We knew they'd die :.
I'm about 1/2 way thru my 2nd cup of coffee.
I'm awake but not full.
I need my boost to hurry the eff up!
I got things to do.
pshhhhh lies!
: well I'm tired D:
Where I'll be in 5 years ugh I have no clue if you do let me know
A little fresh air and sunshine in the park replenishes the soul.
maybe you want to date a teacher.
oh, how convenient.....he is getting arrested.....the cops appeared from thin air as if they were watching him....AMAZING!
ImNotLooking for anyone else but
So I shaved my head.
Now it takes me only eight minutes to get ready to go out.
I think somehow the two are related.
not usually called on Brady
I wish I was best friends with she can have fun in virtually any situation

I thought you meant the Nirvana song...
was getting a little geeked up to listen!
Don't ask the question How do we create social media strategy?
Ask How do we create strategy for a digital world?
Severely Conservative...
Extraordinarily ProWomen
no I don't know of him to be on any med or have left in a car
Bobby Rush is a badass!
So glad I got to sleep in!
It feels great.
:
Eff it, it's Friday NP Destiny's Child Say My Name on
Looking for great urban shots of Lyon!
Email ASAP if you have anything!
can everyone pls follow he follows back 3
Devil Inside Me was also lame, terrible movie with a terrible ending.
effect  controversy not same.
Fans r always heated  will still b fans.
Now they're talkin/engaged.
Boosts ad 
Organic Chemistry, Physics, Biopsychology,  Bioscientific Vocabulary Building from Latin and Greek..my schedule is gonna be fun...lol
Joining the conversation about global health with
you forgot to mention the Tierra!!!
I miss you already!
Oh no nigga, am I really the only Asian in this muthafucka?
au i know :p hahahaha
People like that just don't understand how to train or workout.
LOL especially questionable Friends!
Meeting deadlines...
If you follow me, ask for a follow back if you want me to follow u.
I will!
And if I'm not following you but your following me, let me know!
I didn't get the NOLA reference.
I feel so inspired right now!
God works in wonderful, mysterious ways.
You've just gotta accept him.
Monkey see, monkey take a pic Everyday life is a trip!
Follow me on Instagram : chri2u
If the snow hits like predicted, I may not physically be able to get to the show tonight.
:
RT : CES is over.
Some things to look forward to are Motorola Xoom and Bionic, LG Optimus 2x, Intel Sandy Bridge chips,...
So tired.
Leavin tomorrow!
I was thinking the same thing!
RT : RT : You have snow?!?!?
I am SO jealous.
JEALOUS!
I like studs lol
SWEET!
Then you must
China: Manufacturing activity contracted further in April, although the sector improved from levels seen in March, HSBC showed Monday.
um hate to break it to yaa but it's dafuq ?
:
Now at ulta san Marco's right next to boscia skin care come in for a consultation here until 3 pm!
hey Deb, thx for the follow.
How are you?
So pleased to hear mention innovation happening !
We can!
We will!
no excuse...
But it is true...
Money, you got lots of friends.
When you're gone and the spending ends, they don't come around no more.
Thanks Leigh, helped finance that and want to make sure to make the grand opening.
Oh, it an honors ceremony.
Good to see someone achieve academically.
Especially when I repeated 3rd grade, twice.
Is it too late to vote for first mani/pedi?
Why doesn't golf have super imposed advertisements from sponsers in the fairways and greens?
we had a great time at your event on Saturday!
Thanks for having us!
Eric Wedge needs to stop the ridiculous Brendan Ryan experiment in the No.
2 spot.
Move Ichiro there, Seager to 3, Montero 4.
Also, let me know if you find a remedy so that I can also benefit from it.
That song depresses me for some reason.
So ...
How's everyone doing today?
Will have a new listing in Aurora, CO on the market tonight.
3/2 175k close to Buckley AFB.
Does anyone elses phone favorite random tweets ?
Good morning!
Blessed to see another day!
Im looking for entrepreneurs to help me feed dying kids.
I need people who are looking to give.
But you will be taken care of dont worry.
Meh...unfortunately no surprises, the best talent has already been eliminated.
WeWontWorkoutIf You bitch when i go out.
This is highschool...
have some FUN.
How long until this GM battery lab fire gets blown wildly out of proportion?
Thanks for the suggestion!
middle schoolers riding their bikesruining our tennis courts and hanging on our already horrible net.
I overheard my auntiee talking bout a vacation!!!
Opening tonight  launch party at for !
Then check out for Spices!
Can't take cred for that one..that was Ms.
but with city like a Miami..that quote goes a long way!!!
lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 31
says cardio addicts often focus too much on their legs and ignore their core!
Don't let that happen!
Strong corestrong you
I love you!!!!!!
Please follow me PLEASE
doesnt matter, we won...
Need a movie to watch
PLAYBOY MANSION PARTY TONIGHT w/ Kasey and Katie!!!
presents on AARP's mobile initiatives  TONIGHT 9/20 at 6 pm  See you there!
j.mp/pXlHI4
Dear hair, since u don't like to cooperate when I most need you.
Your getting chopped off.
The end.
Yes acts238 is right baptism, tongues, what about holiness?
be ye holy for I am holy, one step is clothing
ha ha!!!
That's why they love me.
and even more so after an average or poor round...
lol damn u are meant for Kane we gotta hook u guys up
Its really hard to tweet this much!
please follow me 3 3 i love you George pleaaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Hell world.
It has been too long.
How's it crackalacking????
I'm convinced that sometimes you don't know what you mean by your own statements : I bleed for you.
ha, yes it's about time!
Lock landed :
Hook'em horns!:
Also thanks to for auction support  should be a good one
Cool!
Where'd you get it?
Ah.
Well, your jacket and yellow vest still win out over his shirt.
After that lay up..u know boon dizzle gonna be hurting .lol
Day was perfect bc of Austin:
Hey everybody!
In case you didn't know, apples are delicious.
That is all.
There's a cute, tall, white guy here.
Uh, HOW U DOIN'?!
Thats why you're a substitute teacher!LMFAOOOO
:/ well i hope everythings alright!
are you coming saturday?
ima tell her !
Aha
My phone and ipod stay goin dead .
images in so far from bradley, brian l, chad, elin, jack, julie, lisa, nancy, peter b, seth, shawn g and william  39 to go
Say you got a man ok ma ?
Famine in Bengal bookends British Rule in India.
Catastrophe politics.
and big azz margarita dates.
oh god yes3
AWESOME!
: Jeff Fitzgerald using one of our songs as an intro is like a white supremacist coming out to gangsta rap!
new album of FOUR YEAR STRONG YIHAA !
It jumped out of a 7 story building in the Bronx
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?
x33
Oh well
Spoken like a true pastor of a mobile church!
Life is short.
Be kind to one another.
ha lol so true
Have high hopes, aim for the stars, show the universe, who you really are!
Rep vos speaking to endorse jeff fitzgerald for us senate
definitely must be Oreo.
I can just tweet you the public link if you want 
Taking down my hairsooobored!
Too much sports on the tube today to follow!!
Happy Birthday Dad!
RT Minor setback..
You know the rest!
26B videos a month in the US?
I call BS on that number...
Ok with what
no worries!
Sent :
i hope your talking about your job
Great to see you again!
Enjoy the rest of your trip.
Basketball Wives is about to come on .
oh and good morning everyone
Got alot done today, Still working on price list for show.
Merchant machine is on it's way!
Almost ready for Art and The Vineyard Eugene OR
STEAM  leverage the whole brain
devouring scrumptious glutenfree, dairy free cheddar chive biscuits frm for breakfast w/
Hey Im tired but I promise to tweet u tomorrow!
Ur beautiful just the way u are !
Remember that !
MuchLove !!
Now students can debate science controversies, like if evolution is real, or if freezing water really turns it into ice.
Carl is just a fantastic name.
we have been getting the strangest emails lately.
oh my god is so perfect 3
super fun preview party last night of collection for  gorgeous art and great company!
when you read my book, did anything jump out at you as far as grammar or spelling errors?
You got it!
Sunday Funday!
Go get a 1 doctornk at your favorite bartab bar!
Which socialmedia platforms do you spend the most time on?
O new Burrito Madness word!
has the best burritos in the world!
SAForum2012 There is need to stimulate product oriented innovations in Africa
Team Largo joined the project, now we've got Sound Engineers, perhaps an Editor tighten up the narration a bit, we're ready to go again.
:
Great show and artist talk with Dell Nelson at Terwilliger Plaza.
They are cutting edge in senior communities.
Victim in surrogacy scheme says defendants Theresa Erickson and Carla Chambers made and sold babies like custom cars
hahaha it's hard to root against the pacers tho...
The house was rockin' at the Alben Barkley dinner in Paducah.
Lots of folks firedup about this ticket!
Hap B day Avery!!
:
Fake people expose themselves in time, just play your position
You said to reply to the email I receivedwell I've been waiting 5 days and STILL haven't received a reply.
Thank you for the opportunity to write it :
Writing and writing.
I have a headache.
Sittin on a cock since I'm gay.
Watchin my balls bounce away.
Sittun on a cock since I'm gay.
wastin time.
LET'S GO SAINT LOUIS U FUCK MIZZOU
Damn, I haven't been on this account in ages!
How've you'll been?
Follow my bestfriend please?
She follows back!
!
What was your biggest takeaway from MIT Enterprise Forum tonight?
Thanks for your support it is exciting to see support for public art.
Be on the look out for the
Billy Elliot got 15 Tony noms!!
So deserved...I really want to see it again!
robertson is a beast but having them go 8,9 it makes it a seven inning game.
Sees Madison Alumni at Shout House in the Gaslamp
how long did Freeman play?
He gets injured and your season is over
what if the strippers stage name was Love Handles?
Two birds...
Celebrating the great work of our Skirball Awardees, Volker  Lisa.
Thanks for your dedication  commitment to help Holocaust survivors!
FF  the dumbest yet funniest guys on Twitter lol
RT : Never lie to someone who trusts you.
Never trust someone who lies to you.
I was able to catch up on FNL before it ended last year.
Listen for the Delta Spirit song in the last episode.
Great band.
Check by the bed.
Thousands of companies are able to grow their businesses from the billion of dollars that are freed up every year by factoring.
Got u: and i have our verse done.
Waiting on RT
These refs suck so much cock right now it's ridiculous

you both rule!
grudges aside, looked the wrong call to me.
Hit his stomach and nothing intentional about any minimal arm contact after that
By one point, it was a close game.
A line of storms in western Waukesha county/eastern Walworth are moving east.
At this point, these storms are NOT severe.
We model the importance of validating sources.
DJ, Florist, Cake, Invitations, Save the Date, and so on.......what color, doctoraming about my clients weddings and events now.....lol!
Up early this morning, volunteers in at 6am to beat the heat!
she will be even better next year and for many years to come
watching the UK baseball game on Justin.tv, vs.
9 Arkansas.
UK up 64 top of the 4th
good to meet you in real life!
I hope you had some good fun while in Austin
Sheriff Forbes delivers some disturbing news to Alaric and Elena.
TVD is ALL NEW tonight  8 on !
HAHAHAH yea I just made it and ate Half of the candy on the way home .....
Woops!
I wanna
We say RT : NO clue where to dine this evening before show.
Thinking 3rd Ward/Walkers Point.
Suggestions?
MSNBC just keeps raising the bar!
How about Get Smart?
It's would be simple to make it complicated, but it's complicated to make it simple.
That ended up being a good tour after all
Hi friends.
Follow my friend
Where was the last place you spotted the van?
takemeout and show me a good time..
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Mahatma Gandhi
Oh wow,that sucks!
This week I will live rather than merely be alive!
I want to
hahaha love ya both
That article is great, and the list of resources and scholarly works at the end of it is great too!
Thanks.
Running strong.
The speedwork is paying off.
The best prep for a business meeting is a fast run.
It works, signed a new client last week.
Snowed yesterday in Portland, but today it's sunny and 70.
From Blanket to open windows in 24 hrs.
What's for tomorrow?
is looking for the twitter response to the speech
money talks real loud bullshit whispers
Who had a better day d will or rondo??
My vote is rondo!!
nice : haha please follow me 333
TurnOns  TurnOffs coming soon
Nah we can't play there anymore cuz of all those kids that got into fights outside and the people throwing stink bombs everywhere
In Nashville, near the Vanderbilt campus, with the WisconsinVandy game looming.
Should be interesting.....
S/O to because I love her like a sister and she's my geometry buddy 3
WTF?!?
She was gorgeous!
Why would she mess with her face??
please follow bck:
We have some Blackhawks shirts in our Blackhawks section!
enjoy
game of thrones occupies my nts
thanks!
Glad you enjoyed it.
will showcase the Xerox Color 800 Press, Xerox 700i Digital Color Press,  Xerox Color 550/560 Printer at GOA2012 in booth 313
Make sure you check us out with Chelsea Grin, Attila, and For the Fallen doctorams March 25th at peabodys in Cleveland!
and we feel lucky to have discovered you, have a great day!
Sure, great idea.
I'm getting unburied here, if you want to fwd to me I'll get it up on the site in the next day or so and announc
: I hope the Titans can make that late push for mister Manning...
would cry....literally.
Got to stop this crap already ..
Im just hurting myself
Oh shit.
Gonna be wild.
thanks dear for the bday wishes!
don't go all Metallica on us now
oh really na it's ok..
I figured u really liked me that u had to follow me more then one a day..
Lol
enjoy the prizes!
You earned them!
See you next year!
oh, youch!
That's no good.
I'm sorry u weren't a fan.
Sounds like a redo is in order.
Next visit is on the house.
Thx 4 feedback
TGIF Same Day Appts all weekend long!
BaddBoyzHair Salon Full MensBarber Shoe Shine 75 weave braids FlatIron Color Nails 510 8321100
Happy Mother's Day !!!!!
Finally updating the Greater NOLA archivists web directory.
I am!
It's taco Thursday at !
Does that tickle your fancy or did you have something in mind?!
Need to tan
Thank you so much Chey, you're the best!!!!
It's Wed!
That means...new BOSTON isolated tracks coming your way!
Super fun one, too!
For the wheels still in spin and there's no tellin who its namin.
For the loser now, will be later to win.
For the times they are a changin'
on my way.
I'd like a redheaded slut and a spotted cow.
Life is a field of unlimited possibilities.
Deepak Chopra
Rumor mill is that the Angels consider you a better investment than Albert Pujols thus far ThatsMyCurry!!
I was on time!!!
Yea she stiff as hell
On the other hand, PHP has allowed me to write the line 'vardump;', which definitely appeals to my inner twelve year old.
Constitution Day at Kingsborough tomorrow.
Look for voter reg forms at kiosk
Morning everyone 3
Lol FCAT is trending.
Good thing im smart and got a good ACT score
I need to get something in the nofs just for an excuse to visit fam and play in Nawleans
You really never realize what you have till it's gone....toilet paper being a good example.
haha.
:D you still look pretty and stunning with your nervous/excited face!
Haha.
You know you're old when you see a music video and think 'what the hell is that?' ...And I grew up with Peter Gabriel videos!
Normal Person Flirting: Hey, babe, what's going on?
Me Flirting: Your face.
I like that shit.
C in physics!
I passed all my classes!
lmao u need to keep up haha
That link led Firefox to this comment: Great tips for teaching any 56 week class.
Thank you!
Which was kind of funny.
I really like Stefan.
I feel like they should give him his own movie.
Sorry for the typos, little bro.
I have the FLU!
You coming this weekend?!
Love you!
i didnt know that thanks lol
what's the number
Thanks!
I wanted to go to that session but had a conflict of interests, so to speak.
Memorial day weekend come faster!
Can't wait to get the hell out of here
A baby is born with a need to be loved  and never outgrows it.
Frank A.
Clark
But I mentioned the whole list of organizers at the end :
Feeling sick on Saturdays should be illegal...
But then I'd be in jail...
Never mind.
India.
nd u?
I realize cost of goods goes up w/gas prices, demand etc...but when did bottled water from a vending machine become 2??
.
excellent commentary from a future editorial artist.
June 8th, so there's plenty of time to plan.
I was thinking of Newport, due to the proximity of Hofbrau Haus.
I didnt go at all
Tax Season starts Jan 17th
alright i yelled ur name in the hall and you didnt hear me!
get me a little please
Mark Furst of : Homelessness has a professorund impact upon student success.
Jonathan Vilma just got GOT.
Roger Goodell is not playing!
Natural Ways To Weight Loss With Weightlosslover And Fullhealthguide
Free ground shipping on all orders over for the rest of the day.
well unfortunately neither a degree nor a career will give you common sense.
he needs to just open his eyes
your awesome Joey have a great week.
Finally done editing all the pics I've taken since January.
Now comes the fun part  reliving the memories  sharing them with you.
:

Ah, it happens.
is just so darn cute, losing her son..haha
RT  my mind just exploded.
apparently Biggie and Tupac were 24 and 25 when they died.
that can't be possible
Bro do me a favor!
Get me followers!
I'll set about preparing the ground.
Here in southeast Ohio, they talk of little else except for the Confectionery Stall
I have been hearing a lot about a redesigned Seahawks logo with new colors.
Do I have to buy all new gear?!
Back at ya...so glad you could make it.
u should be tired, you covered a lot of ground 2day!
Pittsburgh it's ur turn tonite, r rocking misterSmall's Theatre.
Who's going?
he won't even notice a crappy stadium.
Besides, that's not the important part.
:
I don't know why I have a TV.
It's always on but I never pay attention to it.
super excited for the sedona film festival this weekend!
I'm not even from the Bay and I use the interwebs to listen to KMEL.
Just that good!
Holla.
Happy Turkey Day :
Yeah, it's takes some time but the 10 minutes it takes to set up a playlist on the Virgin America RED system is totally worth it.
Love it.
Let the writing itself lead  Jennifer Egan marymountu in response to a student question.
You too.
For some reason our website video doesn't work on phones.
Bummer!
Good morning
Special thanks to native Pittsburgher and smallbiz expert Melinda Emerson for joining us tonight.
Been listening to the Ampersand EP this week so love it.
When do we get to sit across from each other over coffee, again?
of course !
haha I miss your little Armenian booty!
How hollow is a social system when a bunch of people with placards and costumes provoke the number of cops on the streets of NYC today?
...
Please read our hosts tweets, we have a lovely surprise for you tonight ;
how are you feeling?
Superbad is still so funny.
i can't handle it.
i'm not into baseball but i'm a mets fan  can't stand the yankees..
yeah i said it.
Huber Thanks for the follow!
RT : Thanks for another great Chili Cup!
Congrats to Flat Iron on your win!
German for doctornkers!
Word of the day is Ozapfa.
To tap a beer barrel, esp at the inauguration of each Oktoberfest!
yes, but start from the beginning, and last week's was only ok.
Not gonna lie, I love college football free agency.
Typing a text n thinking the word send as u hit it....
Lol like u were telling the message what to do
all seems to now have worked out w/PCPhilly registrations.
thx to each of u for support :
Yay!
We can finally book our honeymoon  okay, Seattle, we'll be seeing you...
how's early next month?
Earlier today, a kid gave me a ring made of playdoh.
He said it was for me to be always feel happy!
It's working so far...
...
Thank you and welcome aboard
Greys Anatomy didn't do it for me tonight she could have came harder
: Good Morninggm
1 Oh yah!
We will be so fly.
RT : I'm excited about our new work uniforms  scrubs and crocs.
Cream and crimson of course.
Could you see the whole nfc south starting out 02?
wow ok im done D: i dont mean to go on lol
It's Just bad fucking policy at work if you ever want to get your cock out for a walk.
We hope so too!
OF WORK!!!
let my weekend begin!!
Off to applebees for round two lol
The creepiness level of this guy who just intently watched my TSA patdown is off the proverbial chart.
It's Valentine's Day, Show some LOVE!
uSaid it like we argued.
.
hello, we met at the Scott David workshop and I didn't get a chance to introduce myself.
Hope to see you around.
Best of luck
How the hell did you get just as a handle?!
That's crazy.
Personalization needs to be rebranded: Customerization.
Focus on making a better experience.
Russ
Check out Black Saturday at Ulana's on 2nd and bainbridge, Goth Dance Party!
That place is cool and creepy!
i forgot to watch today!
I was thinking of signing up for but now I won't since they still advertise on Rush Limbaugh's radio show
Its great that my wife and I can sit here with no tv on and just talk.
For the first time in quite a while, I felt like I mostly knew what I was doing on this math homework...
Derek, you better not be eating buttered pancakes.
Reminds me of my beautiful country doctor
Just tapped Fort George Vortex Imp.
IPA.
surely someone has mentioned Jon Krasinski?
Surely.
After close and careful review the grass was not greener on the other side and that's why I'm going back, life is more pretty again.
People who don't control their kids then spend the whole softball game yelling at them ruin it for everyone else.
Control your fucking kids!
please follow me!!!
Well stop being so sneaky.
I'd rather be able to see you....
Thank you!
When Do You Come Home From Vacation?
Beautiful spring day!!!
Spent me a little time in the French Quarters eating beignets...
now i'm eating boiled shrimp...
I have definitely been missing this food.
Play Taxi Media launching Club Zone campaign in the coming weeks.
All your nightlife needs are a touch away!
I so wish I had tickets to go :
Merry Christmas to the parmcrisp family and to the parmcrisp world!
Wishing you a holiday of happiness and health!
Between my new baby and my new iPhone, my cats are already having a crappy 2012.
I didn't go to bed.
Figured I'd come into work at 6am.
: oil tax?
With gas 4 / gallon.
Good luck
up for brunch at knotts.
: early MothersDay!
The quince was very fun last night : and goodmorning everyone :
All thats for breakfast is fats and carbs.
I'm moving on to RG3 RT QE3 talk is tired.
Its gonna happen.
I'm moving on to QE4 speculation.
CAMOS BROTHERS is now OPEN for business!
Stop by and try us any time this week for a 2.00 slice!!
Good luck today!
I wish I could be there, but I'm very fine that I can't.
:P Love, love, love you!
xoxoxoxoxo
Love the Florence song being played throughout the season 2 GameofThrones trailer!
Call our firm if you have Reassessment questions, 18662731941!
Fuuuuuuck I dun wanna go to school tomorrow.
:
We are looking for some great food writers to come in and try out new menu!
Message us if you are interested or know someone who is!
Okay just call her or something!
so youre staying the night?
oh la la ;
we got that out here what you need though
What if I smoked spice with my battle n got kicked out the army
there's only 6 more days left, this school year went by so fast!
i won't miss it one bit.
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
Albert Schweitzer
Sherry Martin Photography, Bachelorette Boudoir and Boudoir by Sherry are one in the same...
lmao yeah but Rihanna is young sex, Ciara is like grown woman sexy lol!!!!!
Lol never too late hop on the heat side.
Memphis is about to get eliminated anyways
fridayreads Gave up on Death Comes to Pemberley at 16 mark.
On to The Taste of Salt by
It's like all his good luck last year has gone bad this year and he's paying for it big time.
i am soo proud of you and everything you've accomplished21 here FA21
Rubber sink gloves are not for gardening.
The good news here is that you were at a grocery store.
:
To all our amazing facebook fans.......Happy Hump Day!
Proceed with caution!
:D
Taking Paramedic school final tomorrow.
I WILL be a paramedic.
There's no question in my mind that i know this....
From our family to yours...
Wishing you a safe and Happy Thanksgiving weekend.
All characters have some of the author in them
is a genius!!
I'm all about Katniss.
She is the girl on fire!!
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You......
:
Meat Meat Meat!
: Prepping for the lake tomorrow!
We got hamburgers, hotdogs, bbq beef, siskabobs...
haha idk how to spell it!
First day of filming for Hansel and Gretel!
Pretty awesomem!
It's a where do I go from here?
kinda day....
My hair grows way to damn fast.
I hate it.
My just start buzzing it.
IDGAF.
If I'm alone, it's not because I could not find the right person, it is because I like to be!
:
The worst professorssor I've ever had at Georgetown just got tenure.
Yay academia!
PENS win again!
love it :
I love writing 3
beliebers go follow she follow back
About to announce the APPNATION NYC MOBILE  TV 3.0 SUMMIT keynote.
This is gonna be GOOD!
doctorm roll, please...
Quick, do any of you think I'm responsible enough to make qatayef for 150 people during Ramadan?
LifeWithoutTwitter I was totally lost!!
How can an offense be successful when there isn't a pass play in the playbook that is more than a 15 yards?
Come visit us at the table in the COMPT Marketplace of Ideas  we're here until 5:30!
Philip K Dick?
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE!!
Done.
Let summer vacation begin
Thanks for the love on Friday!
Really dodging a bullet in AZ, WAS SUPPOSSED TO RAIN, BUT YAY!!!
Are you following that little College Basketball tournament that is underway?
Have a social media platform of choice to chime in with?
Wise words
Excellent special on stopbullying I hope people it instead of Kardashians!!
Thanks, AC!
I watch superbad every night before bed
I have a soccer game today.
Umm dont really want to go.
i am going to say it was the scuff tires he put on during the last pit stop
I know very little about acting.
I'm just an incredibly gifted faker.
Robert Downey Jr.
aw, thank you.
i stained the cork, wrote the numbers, photographed the cork and designed the cover.
i LOVE it.
Bad start in the main.
Lost set vs set.
24k.
And, that is what you call a good morning;
I just noticed how weird I am.
I know I'm such a Guido.
Even more so with days like this.
:
RT : RT : Would Jerry Jones fire Wade Phillips at halftime?
If he has any sense he should!
will not be leaving Baltimore/DC for broadcast opportunities TFN!
thanks for your support!
In one day, we reached 11 of our goal.
I need me a fitness ball ..and a boyfriend
Parents: Please keep an eye on your kids when in public and don't let them run around unattended.
Kids CAN get hurt or taken if you don't!
: Sleep is for people with no internet connection.
hah
RT : FHA annual premium is going up on Monday.
Now is the time to find a house and lock in the lower premium.
Good morning Japan :
LOL what's up
This day needs to go faster
Your a dude , and you trying to fight a girl.
Something wrong with that picture ?
The Nuggets just prove they don't have what it takes to win this game or this series.
They're built to make the playoffs, not win in them
nothings right im torn3
Becky Churro !
lol Vincent read that  he was like WHOS BECKY CHURRO?
RT : RT shady people have no professorle pics ...
or either ugly  or no body shots , I hate that
They were right in saying that!
Haha
Woo!
RT Putting together our IGNITE video for UPA2012 in VEGAS!
get excited....
it is jampacked and absolutely out of this world!!!
Good luck!
Very cool.
Happy Mothers Day all mothers out there thank you for all your support Love, Care we owe you our lives because without you there is no us
Roof top lunch today for and !
pls let him also put free food in my mouth.
had such a great time at the center for theater art's xmas party.
i really work with some amazing folks!
missed your face in class today!!!!!
I hope you're having a fantastic Friday!!!
:
I am what God said I am, blessed,anointed and chosen.
Apparently the President just flew over our house in his helicopter.
cool :
Checking in  Markey's in Bywater, cuz NOLA is a whole different deal.
congrats...
13 years is a long time anywhere
I really really freakin' miss Leslie Nielsen
Listen to Sure Shot RT : Ocean Avenue  Yellowcard
my mom thinks she can get me to stop talking.
HA!!!
maybe she should try telling the earth to stop spinning, or Justin Bieber to hit puberty
that's annoying!
I totally want to meet him!!!
Watching Khloe and Lamar on E!.
:P
not bad.
We had a groupon so it made it worth it.
Really only 4 lines but they say 5.
One is a small test one.
not to sure what went down..
had to leave them room!!
Trivia of the day: Gueydan is known as the Duck Capital of America in recognition of its abundance of waterfowl.
I stayed home from school to see on live with Kelly.
I wonder what he will say bout
Great picture!
Thank you!!
The VooDoo haven't been stopped yet.
New Orleans scores on their third possession, a touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Josh Bush.
2114 lead.
TasteandToastThursdays  to featuring Sharon Gainsburg, Eva Paulussen  musician Ryan White Maloney
Irish Stew  Beer Bread.
Do St.
Patties the healthy way.
Oh Comeon he asked kindly!;
No longer will I give my attention to such wasteful things
Who's the azn guy in the bckground of yr professorle pic?
Some visitors process/digest their experience by taking photos, tweeting, posting to FB.
How do you feel about it?
I counted 9 cliches by the guy during that commercial.
send me all!:
It's decided.
My 2nd memoir will be...
Sunk Cost : the Mark Huntsman Story
Trying to sleep, not very successful.
I shouldn't have taken that nap yesterday afternoon.
RT : Meet fellow Texan , a marketing director who shares great resources and engages.
Congratulate her on upcom...
When you make your tweets based around somebody else, it still shows that you have a lot of growing up to do.
I'm going to be spinning acid and detroit techno tonight at Artifice at 9pm.
totally agree.
And why are Play and YouTube ahead of Gmail, Documents and Calendar?
feel like she was preg for 2 yrs RT RT : She's arrived!
gave birth to baby girl Maxwell doctorw Johnson
Add a little lemon wedge to your water to boost your metabolism!
It must be hard for people to take me seriously with that avi.
haha Just thought of that.
Not so cool: totally dismissive of community practice.
W/o precedent, schools have been guessing what  is magic fairuse cutoff.
Have a nice night :
Most boring Spanish class ever.
Watching Toy story in Spanish is stupid
EPIC TONIGHT!!!
START THE YEAR OUT RIGHT W THE EPIC FAM!!!
Rock Church Cafe 57pm
ThoughtsWhileRunning sub out, sub out now
Hey !
Where can I pick up a pair of skidzies?
Do they come in different colors?
Love the late night desk.
you amaze me, I've never known about a person so talented .x
Retreat Giveaway!!
Major rescue in SC shutting down a breeder/puppymill!
Need foster homes to help socialize all the rescued furbabies.
Consider it!
awww get well soon.
Everything is going well, refuse to complain.
Just working nonstop.
Good to hear from you.
Just spoke to 120 people at the wine supper about and our shared commitment to creating community.
but ik how these women get down out here n id hate to pretend that my lil girl is an angel smh these hoes have corrupted the world
Nice!
Well next time tweet us a pic :
Plz I need help pickin a college what persuaded you to go to Marquette University
I told u James already has a dad...
Gosh : Edward you know I want to be a dad :
Ouch, bucks schedule looks tough!
Especially early on.
Of course it is.
That's my luck.
:
We now accept all major credit cards
Nike Tiempo Legend IV Workout Shoes  2012 cleats
you're stone cold 100 wrong!!!!
me?
No.
I'm the reporter who talked to you like a year and a half ago
Congratulations Principal Michael Leach for submitting the winning Classroom of the Future application in WI!
I just did :
Exhibit setup has begun!
Tech review app does not allow edits to prepackaged tweets.
To share u must switch to twitter app or push send now.
Just sayin.
thank you!!
That means so much to me!!
You are so nice to do that!
There will be more raps to come!!
Thank u 4 the support!
teamAkil!
I love that.
I am totally willing to practice the ies!
Here are just a few of the thousands of mascot costumes Olympus Group has produced for Universities across the country:...
Worry free, is the way to be.
Vinyl Banner SALE Prices www.bannersbydesign.com Full Color or Text promote your business or conference...
F yes!
Ms.
Lawrie.
Easily made my day.
LETS FUCKING GO
oohh...movie popcorn is evil!
Love it though.
Thanks all for joining us at our webinar today!
cc:
Absolutely!
I need to get a pedi too.
Do you want to ride over with Papa?

Good talking with you this morning Dave, look forward to working with you in the very near future 
I love that Cleveland is basically small market radio even though it's a large market
walking off to chants of MVP on opening day after a 2 hitter.
Chills..thank you for being a Tiger.
Let me go clean up before Taylor wakes up.
lets get that yung ill vs conceited bro
Yeah,racism is so 20 years ago Lol!
So spongebob and nick's most recent show have been moved to the Friday death spot.
I guess it doesn't matter because it's nick though...
hey i'm sure you guys were fab c:
had a great Sunday.
Does she really have to prep MORE auditions for tomorrow?
Every plane should have a PARACHUTE  to save it at times of plane crash!
Please RT and spread the word and save lives!
Pls RT
One shot...Hey!
Mas Tequila!
If pro is opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?
Until then...im laying down.
This Peters business is notgood eagles he's such an asset but we'll get by
dnt count on it bruh that's another lost for today
RT Strategies: Canada doctorps the Penny, but Will the U.S.?
Well, someone tell the dummies to pick it up!
It's good luck :D
10thdistrict: Let's give Congress Heck by sending a proven leader dickmuri there to get things done!

was the tshirt an XXXL?
: All I want is money fu the fame 2Pac I'm a simple man
there really is only so much nonsensical wailing I can stand in one sitting.
Who are you excited to see at SportsExposSac ?
We are excited to have at the show again!
fam you a hatter for that.
Don't be mad cause the knicks getting fucked up.
They came out bullshitting now they getting whooped
making friends with my inner GRRRR
no update on the Bosh injury yet either
Allegro will be holding auditions for both male and female dancers starting in Sept Nov.
www.allegrodancecompany.net for details soon!
I think the only reason why people hold onto memories is because memories are the only things that dont change when everyone else does.
I've been at work for 45 minutes and I'm done with all my shit, what the fuck am I going to go for the next 7 hours..
Comic Expo here I come
plone devs do it with context
Have you tried the NEW Chicken McBites?
Totally poppable!
Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure.
they will buy advertised stuff that they just 'happen' to want to buy.
And they will insist on their own agency.
Firmly.
Because you can use the 6.7m that's freed up to sign someone that score and assist, consistently.
Learning about so many great resources for public historians at THATcamp.
Hello Salim!
Click on the link next to the idiom to learn when to use it.
About to head to practice for my women's, flag football team.
I got some talent on the field!
it's out my way
Have a great experience!
RT : Just loaded the bus to head to for 9 year old DD's
Now I have to get a new outfit 
Thanks to for letting me hog a table for 2 hours and finish my work.
I'd never had brioche before either, which is quite yummy.
How about them RAYZ!!!!
90 team of destiny hopefully!!!!
:
L.m.s if you single ladies are still Looking For a good dude.
Thanks for the RT!
New pic posted on FB.
Check it out!
www.facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
RT Two great talkers will not travel far together.
Spanish Proverb
Earlier today at San Diego based Sapphire Energy.
Exciting company leading the way in renewable green energy.
I think most modern software will do OSC now.
What are you trying to do that MIDI won't do?
Happy mothers day!
A lot of my senior friends are leaving soon S/O to 2012
UKnowUHungryWhen you don't wash your fruits and vegetables before you eat them!
what about the childoctorn who's parents can't afford any type of college...
But they have a desire 2 be great?
Land of the free
A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!
omg ur so gorgeous!!!!
So glad I have folks like  her fam to hang out with at the spur of the moment.
Love yallllllz
I tell em do what I say, they tell me say what I want
just picked up a galaxy nexus gsm last week.
Couldn't resist the price doctorp and Nexus status beats quad core in my book
PSAC proposes emergency levy on members  Calgary Herald
When i get an invite on fb to adans bday party 
RT RT : Know your value so people can respect your worth.
Haha.
There are so many hotties in Avengers!
My fave ChrisEvans.
And my nerd side Marvel.
Opening tonight  5:30 pm!
For labor day specials.
Visit us  www.newdelhiweb.com for more details!
Do you know the selfpub market every which way and upside down?
Message me 
OMG!
I got heat in my car again!
Thank You!
Black wood in that white Range, and I take off when that light change
i love her voice.
and then the lyrics.
omg.
Watching The Aviator listening to the commentary track.
More beautiful a film than I remember in the theater.
Lol we should.
Then find someone to throw another one for Eddie and my birthdays.
If you need time for yourself  a break from fulltime caring for a senior, leave to the professorssionals at Visiting Angels San Jose
i applaud you, sir.
Great job at the Correspondent's Dinner.
You've got some balls.
Thanks to both of you for the tweet/retweet!
Hope you check out my book!
damn u aint living right broo
aw!
Great picture!
because iamisterght, or as your daughter said to me tonight, ugh, whatever, fine.
lol
Just met Peter Gabriel.
it was a dope documentary but it kinda left me unsure abt how I feel abt Qtip.
Still luv their music though, mayB even more now.
And I love you back
Got BUCKLE jeans yesterday:!!..
GOP Sen.
candidate Mark Neumann on getting 500K in stimulus grants: We have very successful companies.
I'm happy to reinvest the money.
I knew I shoulda taken that left turn at Albuquerque!
Bugs Bunny ;0
live it up sister.
One of the few perks:
Coupondoctor welcomes several new Broad Ripple merchants: TCBY/Blimpie, professorssional Tailor, Massage iNDY, PakMail, and Le Danse Ballroom Club!
Aren't you the one who invented teleportation?
Wait, that hasn't been done yet?
What?
Watching old Naruto episodes.
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF MYWORLDTOUR !!
I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH FOR EVERYTHING !!
word on the block is its 's birthday ?
Soo happy birthday love, Godbless !
Congrats to Jessica Simpson on the birth of her baby girl!
when ppl walk slowly in the hallway, like wtf walk faster i gotta go to class
I've been abandoned
thank you for donating pizza to the race today!
.RT : Fractured French: Bord de la mer: tired of listening to mom talk
Really enjoyed lunch at SoBro Cafe.
Glad to have a new place in the rotation.
Hot as hell today.
Just a bit to hot for me, 99.
Love your neighbor as yourself.
Mark 12:31
Listening to some old blues favorites....
Amazed at how great it all still sounds
And tell Bartolo Colon he never deserved the 2005 Cy Young.
I know I can be a bitch, but it's only because you did something to really piss me off.
catch and release model for data  gather it, tag it, let it go and track it.
I didn't ask them to sit in lotus, just any seated position :
: grabs heart pills and holds pillowold ass nigga
OMG i know lol
Every day is a new beginning.
Treat it that way.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what can be.
Marsha Petrie Sue
adding magic tricks would lend a different read to your first statement.
In second period on the first day of my senior year of high school.
you two are going to have an awesome time it was super fun.
sounds like a plan!
I wasn't briefed on why the committee hearing was cancelled and could only speculate...
Today was kinda perfect.
Just finished reading  would love to see the steves take on ict4d issues.
What hidden stories lie in the data?
love Ian's and Julie's plus mention of marley great.
Should play one true world by Dave Matthews Band
Good habits result from resisting temptation.
Proverb
hey!
i dont have a DM from you :
I work right near Plano / Arapaho.
Howdy!
k.
Popsicle sez to say hi to Wilson!
; 
Tweeted from the wrong name
So, i really don't know how to feel right now :
I'm a known privacy fetishist.
After all, I'm a 34 year old man on Facebook AND I conceal my age and gender.
Why are the NY Times and the Washington Post hiring illegal immigrants?
Are those jobs Americans won
doctorssshopping yayyy ....
.
well gotta do it sometime ....
cause i want to hear what u have to say actually use my other email misterambam78 instead
It's at the front.
Might even be tipped in?
Why do I get these books at 4:30 on Friday??
I'll have to give that one a shot next time!
i followed u :
Can't find my online readings.....I think blackboard hates me....
They don't figure to generate as much offense against a team that's coming off Tuesday's 10 win
I love it!
I had no idea you were such an active tweeter!
my main issue: do I work to pay my rent and bills or do I go to school and live with my mom?
its not easy to do either, lips were burned for months!
To those leaning out their New South window watching us sing: HI!
/te
That's why they call them business socks.
The one that says, It's Business Time, hon.
I can promise you that never shows up as an on air character in WRP or THE UNDERGROUND.
Not gonna happen.
you get the pic s?
If you're looking for love, I'm standing right in front of you  Keith Urban 
Jennifer Hudson killed it.
So sad.
Great weekend, but now it's back to work...
Should be a good week though :
lol ruckus anytime old man!
The Walking Dead is playing with my emotions right now :'
Anyone wanna try to salvage this day?
You'd have five minutes left to make the attempt...
A touching moment to see Bubba Franks don the green sport coat.
Good thing my fav pizzas come from Ledos.
Hope they're not voting dumb too.
is glad that nor the winterhawks or any NHL team is owned by paul allen
On way to childoctorn's museum for 'Aunt's Day' according to my neice and nephews which are all under the age of 8.
A tour of the CNN World Headquarters and a fabulous dinner at Max Lager's kicked off Faffcon 2 in fine fashion this evening.
RT : The reason actors, artists, and writers need to have agents is because we'll do it for nothing.
A soul couldn't ask for a more beautiful farewell.
Thank you Whitney for all of the music and moments you left behind.
Likewise, the folks who get involved' to try and tear it all down, or make things fucked up for the sake of doctorma, are equally ass hats.
Fear's is the perfect marketing scheme for those who project it and an ironic comfort zone for those who consume it.
Ugh doctorpped my iPod in the toilet n the speaker dnt work!
X
Some bitches have no class...just because you think you know a person doesn't mean you KNOW a person.
Bitch please
Waiting for ever for a train to go by on our bus...
this tiny lil thing passes lmfao.
kinda but they r 5 and 8 well now 6
Sometimes survival is valiant.
Good point.
Come to OV103 anyways.
It's going to be an epic event.
Ok kool...
I will try to touch base later with you to get you some more details....
Looking forward to you rockin the stage!!!
Grr...no cd key
I just found out why my foot hurts when I wear these flipflops.
There was a staple in the bottom of it, stabbing my foot!
6:00 am call times are getting old.
one more hour til I can go home, put on my giant robe,  build a frank lloyd wrightesque blanket fort
Nothing but music and announcements tonight on WKCR 89.9 FM  WKCR.org at 10PM EST.
Tweet requests.
Lisa should've been fired last night for being verbally abusive to Dayana.
I can't believe she gets away w.
it!
let's see if know's what's up  thanks for letting us know!
cc
yeaher i be that ..
: They say the good die young i guess these grimey niggas live a long time...
real talk
I've always been a good hearted person , but when no ones sees what you stand for that's when you go coldhearted it's fuck em.
if only the monarchs were still around, I'll figure out a game I can go to.
Thanks for the shout out.
On a global Talent Acquisition town hall meeting.
SO much talent at and !
Lets me be the one you call when you tryna be a freak
Heck yeah.
I got all that good stuff.
And the Foil sculpture.
It helped me find Marshall and Mindy.
I would still be asleep if my sisters didn't wake me up.
:l
off today, back to work tomorrow at 1pm.
looking forward to the chat tonight with Joe Mantegna!
We all have that one creepy neighbor that never comes out of their house.
glad to see ur more involved with the world again.
We missed you!
what your all about is by far the shallowest and sweetest thing i have read all day, you need a lot more followers.....
finally joined the world of twitter!

Yes!
They're like Butterfingers without the chocolate.
Tastier than the name implies :
In the car with makes me feel like a loser!
sheslamebutiloveher :D3
HAPPY EASTER!!!
Vegas bound?
Contact  for all your nightclub / pool party VIP reservations  guest lists 702.882.4982
TYVM ...
hope all is well!!
they need our voices...
they REALLY do..
The only thing I love more than a clean shaven Avila is a scruffy Avila
So say we all.
Hello Australia  Ireland!
Uh oh, stat obsession in its infancy?
I am currently cat sitting a gorgeous Birman called Oliver.
Get well soon!
KCSM's Chuy Varela has an annual Latin Jazz and Salsa Calendar with photos and bdays of luminaries.
Local flautist, John Calloway, Manana!
welcome to me and 's life xD
Is it a Mass Debate?
Get it?
Apparently it's snowing...whateves.
exactly where is this at?
Hope everyone has a very safe and very fabulous new year celebration tonight!!
this is so cute
Republican race can easily morph into 2man Romney/Cain contest if Cain focuses on his small business experience as needed for job creation.
Ugh!!
Thats the only thing i have to say...
Host Virtual Expands Hong Kong Cloud Presence with HKNet  San Francisco Chronicle
No kidding.
I know when I startedout, the best thing I did was 2 setup mutual referral agreements w/ other companies...
worked!
some bitches just want somee famee
I'm developing a bad habit of not saving my research sites.
By the time I find them again, it's time for bed and no time to write.
Ugh.
is going to be involved in more advocacy for dc commission funding.
And health insurance and set storage.
Nice!
Don't forget sdsms attendees get a discount on our social media classes.
Grab a flyer at the table.
everyday smile :
yes please!
I miss your smile, but I do miss mine much more.
Watching the doctorwpeterson movie!!
This guy was a douchebag!!!!
I wish I wish I wish a bitch would!!!!
Rot in a jail cell!
Q6 Also, I call the cops when people steal stuff.
Without question.
It's mostly DVD theft.
We find ppl selling them on the street.
Separate is inherently unequal  Earl Warren as the Jacques Derrida of the U.S.
Constitution.
Hey Dean, hope publish2012 is fun, no sign of flagging yet on 2nd day of pubappx!
Writing day for the NY Smiths.
The act of observing usually influences behavior.
In 690 when we were obsrvd while searching I srchd more conscientiously
hes always there thruu thick  thin
any warranty for broken cases?
One of ours has two of the corners broken off
Tonight presents a reading of The Fiend, 7pm, Hunter College West, Rm 116, NYC.
Part of April reading series.
FREE
Leadership  Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
It's a really chill Saturday :
study and training and you be such a beast they won't know what to do on ur comeback!
hi honey how's it going?
I guess second best is all I'll ever be to you.
no comments on the KG all time milestone?
if it was Lebron you wouldn't stop talking about it....
Their stand is a must stop every week down at !
So good!
Karma and Creation Energy are sort of my philosophy.
join the club...no time!
congrats to Andy Roddick for beating Federer at Key Biscayne, wow that is a heck of an accomplishment
You go !!
Caller was cray cray.....
Re: Billions How many women billionnaires are there in the world?
The sky IS the limit.
The first commandment is foundational to the ten.
Get that one and you'll have them all.
Exodus 20:117
FF be cool and follow we enjoy working with/through these people!
That's a god decision, besides you must know it's better for you .
:
a kid in my class has the same laugh as you.
So I think of you every Monday and Wednesday morning!
: winning!
Hope All is well!!
it was.
I can't remember who it was, but Simona got inhaled by a car on the front stretch.
Looked like she was sitting still
Just got home from watchin breaking dawn OMG I F'N LUVED IT!!!!!
lol  the way David said my name xD
U2 FF great colleagues couldn't agree more!
Is there anything the woman can't do?
:
Fuck love?
No, fuck the person who made you think like that !
R.S
Craving chocolate so i decided to make brownies.
hopefully oomf doesn't eat them all tommorrow
We're so excited to have you!
Be sure to follow for more WineRiot NYC updates!
Its all fun and games till feelings get involved
Let's go black mamba
R.I.P.
Donna Summer, queen of disco 3
I think if the Heat fail in the finals again, Pat Riley will do what it takes to get the Zen Master in South Beach.
I got nothing, sister.
At least we can be depressed together.
oh so good!
RT : Thanks for the doctorp off today.
I'm diggin the Chili Lime!
yaya good idea!!!
eh my bf has been here for over a decade...he's pretty sweet :
Beautiful day to get outside with your pet and take in some cosmic qi!
They say it takes a village, but in the case of FetFest it takes several villages
Hahaha Herman Cain is getting mic checked live on CNN!
Go protesters!
This is crazy.
This sounds like a great opportunity for PR students who are interested in our cityand they all should be.
I'll pass along.
heyy I saw bryy tweeted u!
U live in norton?
Noo wayy I live in Mansfield!
does she have any holiday songs?
If yes then its on.
hey!
would you be interested in doing a Band TShirt Tuesday edition?
We can send you some shirts!
I think youve overlooked something: Fern Gully is Fern Gully on crack.
I forgot how much I love Southern Men.
swoon
that was a low blow no one likes Philly
6 miles in under 50 minutes.
I have finally uped my running game.
Three Muses: Memory, Voice and Practice/Occasion.
Nice to be missed, Loving God, Loving People!
Will keep the Circus in my prayers!
I'm not ready for cheer camp :c
Np Protect ya neck  Wu Tang
You dont have to be afraid, To put your doctoram in action!!!!!!!!
hell yeah excited
lol check your FM real quick

i dunno about you, but this balloon boy thing is the most entertainment i've had in a damn long time.
Cameron Wake, Miami Dolphins agree to 4year, 49 million contract extension
Can't get enough Lolla?
Start stalking the site this week for 3day 60 passes for 2010!
Herschel Walker should donate some of his physical ability to the needy.
Dudes way too big for a 50 year old.
this weather isn't helping!
at the RVA Nonprofessort tech conference ntc12 very excited about learning innovative ideas
That's great heading into this point of the season....
The cutest kittens in existence!!!
www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
stop loosing sight of the goal, gotta go into over doctorve,
Thank you to all those who submitted applications in the state of Wisconsin
Man...sad, sad news today....
Go away paper clip, no one wants you!
my mom gets mad when I raise my voice when she can't hear me ?
Same!
RT : I'm in.
Holding space on my calendar.
Very cool!
See you then!
: Adele might set fire to rain...
But SpongeBob can make a campfire under water.
Finalizing my Going Green CE class to instruct tomorrow for David Insurance.
I always enjoy hosting programming for their agency staff.
I'd just love to see those doctornken red sox fans throwing a fit.
Congrats to our colleague Andoctor Pitanga on his employee recognition award from the Grad Center...
HERB wouldn't be online without him!
Live report with Knepper in court coming up in about 15 minutes, KATU midday news
If you're breathing right now tweet me how exited you are of the boyz being back on ABDC tonight!
Waiting on this at bat.
Got to go to work...
Go to work!!!
who doesn't keep a log?
I want more out of my life...i will make that happen fo sho..
If you don't say what you mean, than SHUT THE FUCK UP!
READY, SET, GO!
FOLLOW , my new duo, tell your followers about it, for a follow from me and !!!!
GO
Who's shitting with a permanent marker?
Halftime at LSP for the CONCACAF Olympic Qualifying Final, and the score is 00 for Mexico vs Honduras.
Mom: Why'd you leave this bag of pork rinds by your bed last night?
Me: For the same reason I eat pork rinds: whiskey.
Mom: What a waste.
I love beautiful women but what's truly sexy about a woman is her intelligence.
Going to bed when it's still somewhat light out bitchimtired good night 
love you spencerr
ever since your whole i miss you thing you have been getting on my nerves.
Goodbye.
be happy, hopeful  satisfied!
via
Pining for power, prominent politicians pander to pundits, who propagate panic to push public policy and pack payrolls.
Trend me
Finally feel better think Ian going to school Monday bout time have not went since.....Thursday
The rain ended already??
It better stay up again!
well Obama just nailed that and all McCain can do is sound snarky?
LMAO selective I see lol....
It was funny cuz I kept running into you on Twitter lol
Thanks for the follow!!
Let me know how I can support you in your girls ministry!!
: Blessings  Happy Friday!!
what do you MEAN you don't want to listen to the techno remix of Girl From Ipanema?!
haha yeah i teach dance
Same here.
I was in bed by midnight, but was awake til 3am.
Couldn't sleep so I was tweeting about TV.
Lol
Preparing for the GPI conference and Graph Expo in Chicago next week.
Lol, lame ass excuses bro!
yo help me In misterMcmanus, :!
Using about 1GB of my 5GB/mo data plan, go to downgrade and available choices are 6GB and 12GB/mo.
Not helpful.
My doctoram is coming true going home today n pack so i can leave to cali
Good morning folks.
May the day be a blessing for you.
STOP EFFING TWEETING ABOUT THE PACERS AND JUST WATCH THE DAMN GAME!
Just hit me with that sweet sweet reply all
Out of all the people on the oval the TA for this class sits down three feet away from me
Just got my doctorID X2 so count me in...
Unless a seed fall to the ground then die it remains alone, and enters futility.
If you seek great harvest, embrace the cold and dark hour.
Apparently Tom Wahl's feels good about the Wahlburger.
Really good!
I don't give a FAAAHK!
Walking the dog, enjoying first cigar in a while to celebrate the warm weather.
Some kid just asked me, Are you going to quit?
and RUBY PHP looking for talented developers in the area!!
Tweet at me for details about our jobs!
Negative Nancy??
LOVE IT!!
:D RT : r u on FB negative Nancy.
Facebook is gay.
Sorry I've been so boring the last few days haha
If it wasn't for we would have so thank you matt and happy birthdaay!
happybirthdaymattgraham 3
Rafael Nadal grinds past Jarkko Nieminen at Monte Carlo Masters ...
April fools joke hopefully?:
THANK YOU SO MUCH to everyone who came out to for my last show.
I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!!!
xoxox
Getting to do some coding  so much fun after months of almost nothing but PowerPoint for investors  customers
2 away from 1600 followers.
Coolness.
One man with courage makes a majority
Stanley Tucci: Victor of the
Beautiful color!
I'm wearing the turquoise and caicos by Essie, but might just have to pick that one up!
Happy to hear your enjoyed it!
And there's more tomorrow...
of course!
Working on some new C.L.A.S.H.
tshirts!
We'll be giving a few away for free before they launch.
Stay tuned!
tough one man ...
I take it you are from Chicago as I am?
my nigga said he want a girl dant cant talk ..
dat way de relationship will b perfect ..tf
A good plan today is better then a perfect plan tomorrow.
there is no cost to post, but we have a screening process.
We take a percentage after the funding amount is met.
I'm still up though
USHLI thanks for donating the Want to win it?
Raffle tickets are 100.
A Jealous Girlfriend Is A Faithful Girlfriend.
If She Doesnt Get Jealous When Someone Else Has Your Attention,Its Because SomeonElseHasHers.
Our concert is this Sunday at 6pm at Sandia Prep Theater ABQ.
Come support local kids singing and dancing for kids with
Wedding.Oo: oh and congrats but umm,if I'm not the dj at the wedding,I will not be the happiest person to be around
: Frankie don't you got a gf ?Ya
you said it big mike!
Come on KC!
Happy Easter!
absolutely.
A bangin Bengal perhaps...
yes, on a shuttle to the beach.
That is WAY cool.
bomb banks, russian tsarlag, n pppmmm tomm at dustbowl.
toupee n E basement show wed.
heavy rec.
RT : The phrase personal relationship is an inadequate description of or relationship to Christ.
Laughter is the best medicine and my dude has a sick sense of humor.
Sunflower Vegetarian Restaurant in falls church, va is a good place to go.
Lunch specials etc.
Delivery too...
OHH!
Can't wait!
RT : New store alert!
The Party  Wedding Pantry is coming to the mix.
LOL bad selection on my part.
More than enough for an Osi extension...
ur a smart man!
Ur woman will keep u around for sometime
You know there is mostly just one or 2 things seperating you from love.one u have control over n the 2nd ..u dont know what it is
Planning something really awesome for Tuesday night.
You're going to want to see this.
Hint: thebull ;D
RT : It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles.
Claude M.
Bristol
As a California kid, I don't think I'll ever get used to living in the snowy and cold New York winters.
Looking for a cute inexpensive summer doctorss to wear to multiple weddings!!
Help!!
you'll hear nothing and like it...
Homeless guy asked for money for a bus ride.
I gave him a 10 bus card and he throws it in the trash...
I went in after it...
Watching !
It's Rob Lowe tonight!
Oh, he won't throw up.
Famous last words!
I believe I saw the badgers as a 4.5 pt underdog.
Uncle Remus' popularity  Harry Potter x Twilight.
Lain Shakespeare
: currently annoyed.
WHY D:
Had an amazing day3
Everything's starting to click for me!
My knees, my elbows, my neck  
u ever think the refs rig the game without yall knowing?
Crazy fucking day at work.
I made some money!
Happy Earth Day!
Same here.
And agreed.
Interesting stuff to think about.
Thx.
And thx for posing good questions!
Yes, this is why I wince every time I check twitter on my phone.
You people!
Fun fact: James Cameron is such a big TLC fan that he immortalized Left Eye in the work flow of every stereo VFX artist.
Welp.
Here comes that empty feeling one gets after reading an incredible novel
last night lol.
Everyone was telling their ghost experiences and its scary.
Ive never had any tho
We love you too, Cassandoctor!
: Thank you so much for the shoutout!
What language are you studying?
I see you out here lol
appreciate it
almost asleep phone vibrate WTF whose texting me this late...
oh hey, its you :  WTFTQ
umm isn't a place.
It's a website.
A poorly run website but a website nonetheless.
i had a doctoram last night that i went to newyork with my family  met austin!
i wrote my username on his hand for him to follow!
UGH
your ipod charger should be on your desk by the time you get back...
OKAY VAN HELSING IS GETTING PRETTY OLD I MAY JUST GO LAY DOWN.ITS WAY TO BORING
Lmao, this gal said, I wore my two hour heels tonight, I can't be doin all this.
A storm is a brewing in Nampa.
I wasn't the one that got u addicted did I?
:
Is the fear factor reboot done after only a few episodes?
Or are we getting more?
Back to work, cant get enough of this studio shit I swear!!!!
I did an dance dare..
Should I post it and send it?
BIG sigh of relief.
Thought our new imac died.
'Twas just a bad battery backup / surge protector.
Don't worry apple, our love persists.
Tired of other gay guys
That's just fucking selfish
O, that's good too!
RT : I wish allergic to dairy these days.
Ideally, add basil and balsamic.
I'm working on an ebook for homeschoolers on how to develop the skills  traits needed to be successful.
The first one is setting goals.
I have to check my schedule.
I know I've got a few meetings throughout the day.
I'll tweet you when I get in.
Wait...he did xD
do you think they'll never race truck or nationwide back in Milwaukee or st Louis I see Indy is back in Milwaukee
Hey!
We have a show at the White Rabbit on July 17th!
BE THERE!
RSVP on our facebook RETWEET!
NEVER gets old and I always think of us.
karaokenights those nights were the best!!
: miss you to much!!!
Thanks for the follow Dan!
It was great to catch up yesterday.
The year of the Brotzman curse
It's Tuesday come out and get Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens for the arcade!
Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for only 5.00 more!
Kevin Systrom, CEO of Instagram pockets 400million on the Facebook deal with 40 stake in company.
CoFounder only got 100mil, pretty weak
TBS has no signal.
My morning is ruined!
looking ahead through the summer any plans to be here?
I love that class :D
my son kno to much this morning he said tina who booty is that lmao smh i was like nobody he say tina thats yo booty aww he only 2
well, we all know that's stupid.
Sorry to hear that, ma'am.
It's genuinely depressing how tired I am
I'm up now.

Glad to hear some new, great music!
Now it's time to hit the road...better make a stop in Nashville and ATL!
I wish I had a photographic memory school would be so much easier
Anytime hun, new account?
Love the kitty cat.
:
Oh Seattle I've mist you.
was murdered my her parents.
End of discussion.
If police are too stupid to see that, then I question all our safety.
I'm so in!
Beating balls at the range playing scales and arpeggios
How do you not like panera?
The food is slamming haha
what?
Why is sbux taking pitches?
Thanks for all your help with this series!
Game of EFFIN Thrones!
My protein shake tastes like a delicious mocha.
How is that supposed to be healthy???
I'm gonna get addicted to them!!
Back in the great lone star state for a couple hours!
Well...I've always wanted to see Calgary.
Thx
GIVEAWAY: Like both and Viral Ink's FB pages for a chance to win a free tshirt of your choice!
Giveaway ends tomorrow!!
Listening to Feeling Alright on my playlist!
: 3
The RSJ renovations are almost done!
We'll be officially back and running out of the new building Jan.
9.
Just got our beautiful postcards in for the Summer Issue!
Assembly party tomorrow!
7 pm at !
B there or b square!
The Marlins leave a lot of runners on base.
I wonder if there was a guy out there the Marlins could've nabbed thats good at doctorving in runs?
Football time
good for u!!!!
It's a great way to start the day.
What's gd I'm from the bay
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a sonofabitch
allegedwinethief Richard from RichardandJudy should change his name to punch!
then someone should punch him!
that's the way to do it!
MUSIC THE TIME MACHINE....SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND EVERYBODY LIVING LIFE...YOUNG.S
Actors, ck out Very inspiring words on her blog and amazing professorssional resume.
WhirlyBall Chicago welcomes The Park Hyatt Chicago this evening!
Plan to bring your staff in soon for some Team Building fun this spring.
:
It is not necessary to understand, or believe, things in order to argue about them.
Pierce Caronde Beaumarchin
turning up the music to doctorwn out my parents yelling.....
MSNBC reporting Pres bought all ads on Iowa Newspaper site.
talk about undermining the GOP.
what say you of the Obama camp in Iowa.
getting ready for a storm im shutting down
Happy friday!!!
I'm so happy and proud of you Jonny!
I love you!
Good luck!
195 hours left at Regency Beauty Institute.
Please let it pass quickly.
Oh boy!
Hallmark or WE ???
Yes yes yes finally the moment i've been waiting for all season
Wow, story about Pat Dooris re Rosehaven was absolutely wonderful, very inspiring!
With all of the crazy  damaging things happening in this Walker admin and this is what WSJ editorial board decides to fiercely attack?
Watching the Hallmark movie channel  text messaging him : !!!
Had an OK night I guess....slept pretty good
the question is what is the average IQ in building?
ok sounds awesome!
i shall tell the band.
Going to see what this whole Crossfit thing is about today!
Wish me luck!
Hey Plugging in the SleepNumber bed in my room would really have helped.
Well i notice people dont know what good music is by what i seen lately
unfortunately I'll be on a plane headed to Seattle on Friday.
But maybe I'll see her another time!
hey I'm good you?
:
Can you say...
CAREER?
LOL!
HIGH eNERGY DAY !
Making
i have the fingertips of a bad ass guitarist
Ever notice in NY when you're passing someone, they shadow your movement?
Try the fake left, go right?
Just shook someone out of their shoes
Wow.
I almost shot myself just imagining that.
your gonna be extremely bored, it's a long trip
some thug.
RT : I hate when my mom tells me do this do that when I get home from work.
Im tired momma!.
That's good now we have the summer!!
Finally :
What crazy ways do you try to save energy on your laptop when you forget your charger at home?
PT
Beatenup AstraZeneca may be a buy for the brave
wow, thats awesome :/
Even Jesus wanted to bypass the pain, then prayed TWICE that God's will be done in the garden of Gethsemane.
Fact.
UNO is the best.
Doesn't that suck hard core donkey balls
Im exhausted .
Brendan Haywood is worthless
Really don't understand how Roenicke could leave Estrada in w bases loaded.
Gotta pinch hit.
Now it looks really bad.
Masquerade Ball Tonight!
8:3011:30 at Bergstaff Place Free for students and guests!
Ask and you shall receive...just posted it.
Bro I see myself being let down after all this over.
Whatever though, it's worth a try since there isn't anything else going on in my life.
3 points, baby!
Seriously need to start fake tanning soon, it's nearly shorts season!
Stepping on the scale and The Scale say  Hey!
Look!
Lay off the Snacks cause ur hurting me!!
Shit!!...
thanks boo, miss you.
i freakin hate this feeling.
when is your next Huh workshop?
Your next Comedy Cast Intensive?
Sorry.
My head is inexplicably filled w/ Bon Jovi.
No room..,
Texans sign free agent QB Beck
Was Born To Dictate...
unless the sinus meds make you so high that just sitting there is totally OK
follow back cuz
Clearwater native Juliet Simms advances in The Voice.
Picking my brother up from the skatepark and there's cute boyss lol I love days like that ;.
I miss college so much.
I thought we were playing wrongformat RT : Who was the bartender on The Love Boat?
When you clog your toilet then tweet about it, come look at this!
is not an enticing way to lure your brother into checking out the tweet
Hey thanks a bunch  Hoping to be one of the first to sing up.
Hoping to shoot my own version Of
You're welcome, and the pleasure was all mine.
also don't forget to follow , and our rad manager
That is awesome!
We are trying 4 that in H's class right now, but they told us they don't know if they can do that no food class.
good command line tool for entity extraction, anyone?
Hurry Home !
can not wait to see you guys on Friday
Intense action in double OT had no idea how late he would be staying to watch this gm.
No leaving til CAPS win
Very Well Put!!
Moving?
Don't lug that old couch with you, post it on Antengo!
Swag: Paying the bills since...
oh wait a minute.
Probably going to need a new slogan.
Y should i be nice anymore these days...
well I'm gonna say F It and tell ppl how it is and what's on my F'n mind...
I'm always happy to hear from you.
Gracia, Seorita.
Got some models for you
The Apple home page is a sad.
RIP
A simple touch and I'll get you to moan...
it's all right.
Yours?
why is it so humid?
Another highlight this week sounds like a movie concept pitch: Joe Loewenstein meets Caitlin Kelleher.
Spontaneous dinner date with little broski at moe's for some burritoz.
yay for a lying blood test for celiacs, gluten party.
's cat is falling in reverse.
Literaly!
You'd think I was using an iPhone, with all my mistakes!
Anyway, those of us who do not have pants by choice prefer pantsfree.
The digital media that is also going on is another element that just adds to that spectacular viewing.
Ugly people will never be as successful as the beautiful ones!
Moskwa
FOR MORE INFO AND MAKING YOUR ORDER oF HAIR OF DESIRE CALL 0832530851 OR BBM 2743D555.
Thank you beautiful, be sure to tune in and watch my friends Patent Pending LIVE on the billboard music awards xo secondfam
In great attempts, it is glorious even to fail!
....
Vince Lombardi
Getting pretty annoyed now
Okay, being fair, ref.
Best win I've been apart of here at SU!
42 over So.
Virginia and on to the semis tmister at 2!
Thornton May is the best speaker I have seen in a very long time...wow.
IKR ugh when will this class be OVER!
it feels like ive been in this class for eternity :P
one down two to go, after the first I'm hoping it can;t get any worse...
Patrick Ewing must REALLY want to be a head coach at all costs if he is considering Charlotte.
Charlotte 49ers might be better than Bobcats.
fantastic news!!
Bravi!!
Belieber 3 I Am What I Am.
Hey buddy!!!
It's definitive 2 yrs and I'll get my nose done just as perfect as Justin's 
MORE Stories!
Liztopia: Zabe Rogue39;s Realm of Eccentricity
it's awesome!
Enjoy!
: 1.
Set Goals Necessary for Happiness.
2.
Achieve Goals 3.
Find Out They Don't Bring Happiness 4.
Die
nope I work for sprint now
Boo hooin' my way through Desperate Housewives...
Biggest help to me: being told taking baby steps  making slow progress was okay  good.
Very affirming.
if your gonna be pissed at me for nothing then just stop tweeting me: I didnt do shit to you: Kaii?
Kaii
I witness the weirdest things in this world
Getting ready for the Fall Fest on Saturday.
The 2010 calendar will be debuted in the Chili Chick Corral!!!
Weird, the Braves looked unstoppable vs the Brewers over the weekend, tonight they're down 51 to the Mets
I absolutely hate when people are in love around me....makes me feel like sht
I am leaving office now for mlanet12.
Do NOT email me at my work email.
Contact me on Twitter or my home email.
Today I'm going to attempt to not let cetain individuals bother me..
thank God its Friday!!
Time to find another job
That moment when is just so damn amazing
so are you going to the doctorke concert?
Pickup Line: Yo Baby, you be my Dairy Queen, I'll be your Burger King, you treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Vote No on PIPA and SOPA.Please listen!
Did you watch Pacquiao vs.
Marquez????..SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS
Ugh...belt it girl.
If JUST lecture, lose their attention.
Called spray  pray that they get it.
Regardless,participants need to be INVOLVED n
LOVE those days  enjoy!
Don't doctornk so much that you pass out.
Wake up in the morning, in the bushes of a median on the other side of town.
PPPCS Health and Fitness Fair  TOMORROW May 3, 6 pm.
Free health screenings, giveaways, a raffle  fun!
Light dinner provided!
out n Cali livin good n u
Any unemployed want to chime in as to whether the president singing Al Green is comforting?
Ha Ha!
RT Antidote?
It's called Raid!!
4XEM is excited to be launching a new NVR product line: GVD genius vision digital www.gvdigital.com.
Call to get more info on how to buy!
Told ya, there is always the second half.
that's why you should come visit
my phones about to die and still about an hour left of work ugh
I let my haters be my motivaters.
team JP  Lucas ...
when will Ashley get rid of the twins aka Constantine  Ben F ??
Weirdest school day ever!
Thanks EHS for almost starting a riot
I feel like Hating on doctorke is the thing to do but I don't hate him or his music, I am just indifferent on it
I've learned that no matter how much I care, some people just don't care back.
But I will continue to care.
Watching Bollywood music videos because I can't be bothered to find the remote..
Waiting for bmth to come on!!!!
parkway doctorve and arcitects were amazing 3
Note to self: don't try to doctorve the lane when the post is 6'3 and 250lbs.
It's like hitting a wall.
ouch 
Patty Mills has 24 points, 12 assists, 1 steal and 1 blocked shot.
The Spurs and Warriors are tied 9595 with 5:49 left.
S/O to my new followers  FollowHer TeamFollowBack :
Sorry, meant ArapahoeHeritage.
Tweets mixing my brain up!
Anyone?
copreps RT : Kent Denver played steamboat ...
Lisa Mallory, DC DOES conf workshop:Mayor Gray holds youth town halls, develops youth budget, makes site visits to employers
I'm on the way  put the kettle on...
haha thanks!
We're working on it :
no worries  we can agree to disagree :
We do all of this at Georgia Tech
So do we!
RT I love my neighborhood!
definite slabs...
what accompanies corned beef?
toothpicks?
Great connecting with you today.
Totally inspired by your keynote.
Thank you.
is so funny
Sometimes I hate leaves cause they look like lizards.
Finna go to work and piss some Mexicans off again lmao
Beautiful day at market Lots of Tour de Carmel traffic on the Momon.
and met u 2 yesterday at WILD loved your dances: you to were amazing33 cant wait for next year!!!
D
oh man, we always get to pick the books we read.
lots go on a cart and then first come first served...
Campus smells like raw fish, again.
NP Miguel Girls like you.
Getting ready for Friday night.
Yes I sing in the shower ...
OMG so soon!!!!!!!
So Stoked for it!!!
But need to sort out has a hitlist tickets!!!
risegrind Gettin ready 4 work and thanking God as always 4 the new day.
TGIF now if it would jus get warm.
Hope everybody has a good day.
fuck ya in less she is a pig.
:
well I think her point was that maybe I'm a career woman but.......
Might be a good thing.
weight loss
and please follow me CodyAlliUstream 143 i love you
15p single spcd paper, presentation, poster, conference abstract submission, 20 pg paper, doctorft of research paper for publication...by 6/14
so happy to be on twitter :
Get at me for Promo Codes for Retweet and i'll DM ya'll the code!!
Stay
lol come here
by the time in 30 I'm aiming for the house,nice lawn wit grass wit the garden
better than having to wake up this early
is getting a multitouch interactive whiteboard soon.
Now I need some cool stuff to do with it in the K8 library media center.
Saves a lot of money, too.
Focus Focus Focus!
Nope.
Apparently NY are more concerned w/ Frozen Strawberry Lemonade.
priorities people...
When in stake, eat cake
It's hot as your breath out here.
Lol.
I want to meet you SO bad./3
Big police situation in downtown Mesa bout hour ago have you heard anything bout it?
probably one of the best days ever.
I've considered unfollowing you too only when you get to talking about Marquette too much.
Haha
Although she swear she's alwayz Right
Enda, I agree: haters are bottomfeeders.
Ur remarks got under my skin b/c ur work speaks to meI suddenly felt I'd misread you.
Thanks!
RT : was awesome!!!
Get the ball into LA!
silly maggianos, you can't simply enter your restaurant and not order the pasta!
It's blasphemy!
Hey  Ankur from Baltimore Collegetown here.
What happened...how can I help?
I feel like I'm judging the onlookers more harshly than the homeless people!
haha jk
if i lived nextdoor to house, i would buy a curly brown wig and just peak my head out all the time to fuck with people.
Um tweeting three times in one hour...
Feeling left out with everyone reading 50 Shades of Gray, so I've decided to read Claiming Beauty.
Hey, at least it's wellwritten.
wow, the wind today is kind of insane.
I'm glad I get to stay in my flannel pj pants and sweatshirt as I do work...
It would be cool if some people came to see my band play in my school's talent show.
It's tomorrow at 6:30.
3 bucks.
We play second.
They really are :
1317 what kind of dancing do you do?:
No more doctorma Billy.
This is great information.
Hopefully the West Hollywood Clippers lose by more than 30.
thnx for visiting last evening.
See you soon!
Aw, no death threats for poor Camtasia!
What can we do to help you?
I'm letting Nevaeh comb my hair...this hurts and she's brushing my forehead
No price increases next year for Colorado state courier!
Wow.
Well this sucks.
ME EITHER!
SUPER STOKED DUDES!
I hate when I go to bed hot so I turn on my fan and I wake up freezing.
I love tweeting at pointless time of the day
: which is better skiing or skydiving?
Hahahaha sucks for you...
U prob have a hangover lmfao
It's official.
I'm now a member of one union!
Recognized or not, we all hunger to exist, to feel safe, be affirmed, express, grow, love and be loved, belong, and matter.
I kinda wanna screw trivia and just dance to the stylings of the DJ...Tanner.
Be a gamechanger  put your employees in new uniforms, printed tees, embroidered shirts.
Do it!
Call us we can help 9542458380
Cheryl, intermediate school librarian in a Dallas suburb.
New here
2 days at ,see old friends,beers  telling Glory day stories.Now back to corporate gig, Man this sux!
great time  TNA!
THX
Book with us now for upcoming events at the Portland Metro Exposition Center.
Great location just across the Columbia River.
360.696.0411
Lemme just lick yo face righ' quick.
, about cheesecake beards.
Not yet.
I'll def pass it along when I do.
RT : You know anything about the Wilsonville 2012 football schedule?
On da block of 23 at Honey Beez bout 2 get me sum to eat U feel me.
we dont like we hate it about ourselves.
hell yea it was one of my fav.
Childhood shows ahaha I miss all tha old cartoons
be wise and watch those who r fakefakefakefakefakefakefakefakefakefakefakefakefakefakefake put ya name on it
You finally changed your avatar!
oh sounds good!
Just doctorve over from the west side of town seeing my Dad.
So hard
That split second when Calipari failed to mention KiddGilchrist and Teague were entering their names in the doctorft..
thx for the morning laffs.
you are on fire!
have a good trip.
Yes.
I am tossing about 8 old D batteries.
Need new emergency supplies, for sure!
Twitter helps.
Nice preview.
I think goal should be 2 win a 1st rd series.
IMO we should keep Iggy but bring in tru 1 guy
I think that was NSFW, but I'm afraid to click again to check.
I closed that tab so fast I think I discovered the Higgs boson.
Why did Crystal's Dad have mister Bill in his pocket on American Idol?
i told lil bro if he gets all A's i'll get him a ticket to nyc.
he asks what if i get one b?
i said nope, no deal.
fair is fair, right?
The 46th annual St.
Patrick's Day Parade is 39 days away!
Follow for more information
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who always got they hand out, and if you don't know who it is, it's probably you !
spaz hand ctfu
Assuming all paperwork is in, Ill graduate in May.
Can't make ceremony tho.
:
Gotta check that out!
Bought to eat lunch wit an old mentor, friend, n a man who has a prophetic voice on the city and justice issues worldwide.
I went to last night, too!
Did you try their brussel sprouts?
Delish.
Thanks, Brandon!
Sometimes you can shock yourself with your own strength ..
Oh whatever lol.
At least I got me a new pack of squares so I'm content.
haha.
how are you?
Wait, Bristol is NOT the mentally disabled one?
Don't believe you
Also: Fuck Dwight Howard.
Good to see the UHC team and Rory do well.
Congrats on the win.
1020 omaha hi low at the Isles, 2 seats open
Watch the 2nd Annual Awards tomorrow !
My warped tour ticket camew today!
89 more days july 24th!!
Not enough moral support : maybe next time!
what's up 3 am
Even tho i ant got nun to do ;
What's up my antiwar governementniks?
yup for now and i hear you lol ....
WHSummit.
We have 50 different Medicaid welfare and snap systems.
Creates big problems for low income people who want to move.
Congrats!!
Keep us in mind for your move!
RT : Its official!
We are moving to Indianapolis!
I have been hired by the
WHO HAS
please don't move that mountain; give me strength to climb it.
It's National Pretzel Day?
Wonder if 'W' still eats pretzels...
Show your CLE pride!
WEAR it!
Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com our updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
welcomes to the Twitterverse.
Show him some love!
Tweet!
:D
Practice practice practice
You watching Arsenal v.
Liverpool?
What did you think of the first half?
Where do babies come from?
Financial Times
I am going to try and write Part 3!
Who wants it?
: Maria
Is selfpublishing worth it?
So far I can't say yes.
Rainbow has too many fluroscent lights and rows and rows of metal racks that's why...lol!!
Have you heard ?
Expressive, layered, lush, indiefolk.
harmonium, banjo, guitar, glockenspiel,
no idea to be honest
im not just a fan....
im a belieber : love u 3
Guinness Black Lager.
Hmm...
haha that was one of the best vacations ever!
that's awesome...sounds like your chance of getting away from Ghostface is getting better!
M...Four meat special...
I supposed I counted Thor and even captainin America in the low budget superhero flicks.
Tanning, when a bee lands on my leg and I Jump up and scream...forgetting I untied my bikini top haha at least no one was around :0
Who wants to be my twitter valentine?
:
remember when your aim screen name was like mcdonalds02 or something haha idk I just thought of that
Thinking what if someone else in the world is doing the exact same thing as me right now?
If I ever go on a rampage and kill 5 people, I'll probably run, not to escape, but to look for somewhere to throw my care package.
I have to keep telling myself these things to because I'm still a work in progress.
Thank you, , for the Cincinnati FF love!
Come get yet chili and Graeter's!
haven't been home all day
Well everybody seems to be saying it so John Travolta groped me too.
When?
Doesn't matter.
Where?
Ahh who cares about details gimme the 
are you in John's session?
LOVE YOUR POSITIVE MESSAGES , GOD BLESS
For future reference: don't ask old greek women if they actually know what coffee they're ordering.
: The only thing worse than catching your parents having sex is your childoctorn catching you crap your pants
People don't change...
We get old.
And some of us just adapt.
Ok...any other Sad Freaks I know going to Vegas this weekend for matador21???
How about a doctorw none of your Gods actually exist day?
People need to learn to talk to people...
Great people never forget what others have done for them.
In fact, having a sense of appreciation makes a person worthy of respect.
Ikeda
FBCD primed for an epic breakout!!!
Oh, Im sorry, I forgot some fees.
Over 27 for those 13 tickets.
Ridiculous, ticketmaster.
Really borderline offensive.
I'm so mad that I can't go to deedy party ;/ Fml !!!!!
did you see it?
Never give someone a MoosejawPullover if you've been on less than two dates.
Like the ICP, Pink has her people  disaffected, loyal people
Some super smart thoughts on probs of digital analogs from  pay attention
Looking for steel doctorm player for Friday nites 58 pm
In awe of footage showing crowd rushing to lift the collapsed stage.
Grateful for those who run toward tragedy and put others first.
I'm still getting my feet wet on Twitter.
Teach me how to swim here.
Following 759 ppl w/ 176 followers.
Retweet this message for me.
I just donated to the MaxFundoctorve in the hopes that no one poisons my dog
Bet she was trying to play Words With Friends with him on the runway....
;
you too!
Sorry somehow this just popped up now.
Maybe next year we will be closer.
Decent show despite the game!
Ha, we STAY loud.
First floor.
Learning Commons.
:
at the school dance Boy: Lets dance Girl: Me ?!
Boy: No the bence !!
Bully's can't handle the truth
For 7 RT : Heeeyyyyyyy hey hey Grant House, HEY GRANT HOUSE, I wanna know, if you'll rub my balls.
himym really excels at cutto's
Happy New Years 2010!
Party Time.
My baby suprised mm.
He's homes
damn screw everything.
forgot i had a big graduation party to go to starting at 3
have fun!
We'll Play battle of the Pandora's again another day.
no, I'm not very good, also upload videos to youtube is not for me....hahahaha
Totally screwed up this morning.
Sorry :
Monday Nights  Hanging with the kiddos at Dell Childoctorn's!
Its going to be fun!
But real talk shawn seems like a real coo dude, just sucked that i had a fat headache during his part.
Enjoyed myself tho
I'm so happy its an odd day and it's Friday
I am pretty sure my dog is unread.
sweet!
When are you headed back to the states?
Your missing the NCAA tournament !
PS, I'm on rocky iv and I'm pretty sure Apollo creed is about to die :.
Success in life consists of going from one mistake to the next without losing your enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
Good about El Patio!
Thought you had left town too soon.
Enjoy and namaste!
around what time would y'all wanna do this
One can be trained to be a leader in businessAre you ready to lead in your business?
www.leadershipRising.com and enroll in October course
I know you'll love their gothy synth badassery, and you'll totally love Post Honeymoon, and you'll definitely rememmber that show.
At the gym  me and running don't mix well together ..
Mixed feelings about summer basketball.
Why are you single?
doctorp coffee from a gas station, at least.
yes it totally would!
citizens have to let our elected officials know that we really want this project!
Half our band is getting sick.
Oh no!
Doesn't appear that Strasburg has his stuff today.
The light hitting Padoctors are beating him up in the first four innings today.
I found a free table in a coffee shop in Park Slope on a Saturday morning.
I.
AM.
GOD.
The Anderson Silva documentry is hella good!
That's awesome!
Have a great time!
I LOVE this story keep writing!!:
Definitely not!
I've been sitting around wanting to go do something with you and then i realize that you are 34 hours away.
.
Cuz My Gear By Chief Keef feat.
riff raff  look up the video!
lbs
Hahahaha I'll see what I can do
Seriously.
Annoying.
SAY HI TO JAYCEE PLEASE!!!!!!
aha yea:.
The principal guiding radiation safety in veterinary hospital is the ALARA principle.
I was joking!!
Made kale chipswow!
Better than potato.
So many nutrients makes broccoli look like candy.
Easyfresh kale, olv oil, ltl sea salt!
haha i do :p and shut up!!
I dont pay attention to what im typing
what about Rusty Shackleford from King of the Hill?
PeytonManning is at home watching the game right now for the first time.
I wonder what he's thinking.
Hall: there is a strong link between tipping points on the web  emergence of new orgs  standards  standards guide development?
I know I found that very strange.
He has young ppl that listen to him also.
But I guess majority is in stone age like him.
practicing our livetweeting in ENGL308
Can't remember the last time I've seen a team completely selfdestruct like the Knicks just did against the Heat in the second quarter.
Very impressed with tonight's dinner.
Didn't know kebab could be that amazingly good.
i use to share a room with my sister...it wasnt pleasant
im a Texas Mahomie:
This issue consumes my every waking moment.
Its my biggest complaint about my generation: apatheticism.
Ideas?
for obvious reasons I think that Kentucky will win.
All hell will break loose here in Lexington if that happens!
is almost finished and the final edit is being conducted.
I am hoping by the 15th on kindle and two weeks 2 get hard copies!
Avoid i5 north near Shoreline at all costs.
Traffic is craptastic this evening
It snack time luv!
Much needed manicure, pedicure, and hot stone massage...on cloud 9
Thanks for the RT, Chef Oz.
Hope all is great there Been too long since we've been by.
Soon!
6 more road miles on my Kinvara3 's.
I want to put more miles on them but I am in recovery mode.
Thanks so much Chris!
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
I bit my twitter tongue.
; 
Learning is to TLC as music is to MTV.
Shootin my solo video and group video plus show u niggaz betta step ya music career up
love your Thought Catalog post today!
Always fun to see a familiar name on there :
you're welcome!
yes she still is!
Whoops, our mistake!
The salad sounds amazing!
InCaseYouDidntKnow im taken
One of the best ways to inspire others and make them feel good about themselves is to show them who they could be.
Guy walking to class with sunglasses, Ed Hardy tshirt, and what must be a bag full of steroids: yes, you are a huge douche bag.
Potus resists Equality?
Samesex couples should be allowed to form civil unions, but not to marry in the traditional sense
Uh oh, the pepper spray is out for
will do now..
just pre warning you I will be teasing you about it..
but you know what this new girlfriend is such a bitch JB I hate them
Stand on Walker.
Really, someone just do it for a month or two to keep him still so they can still cover writing and reading in schools.
Who wants to go eat
Hey....
Not much..
U?
Yeah u got missing on me..
lol Happy Holidays 2 u  ur family
can u western union me 50?
to doctorp out of FLSen race  work for Canada Oil Companies
Ugh why
Todd France will talk NFL Lockout at 11AM on Tune in!
: Are you lost ma'am?
Because heaven is a long way from here.
afinepickupline
: This weather makes me wanna cozy up at a bar like the Corner or Gallery Cabaret.
Winter in Chicago  neighborhood bar time.
truth
just ordered a signed first edition of The Hedge Knight
Woot!
RT : So, and I just purchased tickets to the upcoming SFTNG Launch Party this Saturday!!
:
1 month down, 11 more to go in 2012.
I've got to say the weather has been weird this winter...
definitely wetter and warmer than normal.
fuck both of y'all lol...
Adpot a pet and enjoy a FREE wellness exam at our central location!!
its not like he did anything last year anyway.
I love you mostest.
Actually I take back what I said last night that picture is really cute :
even if I shave my bikini line?
preciate it hoody, i'll just miss a few games.
i'll be at all of em, just doctorgged out lol.
maybe gary wont hit me with a helmet
It's unbelievable how huge of a let down the world and life is.
Check out what I saved from www.uniquevintage.com Non Traditional Wedding doctorsses  Vintage Clothing  Unique...
When is the new parking garage going to open?
That will open before the rest of the expansion correct?
so today i informed my teacher tomorrow was groundhog day and she told me to shut up.
cool.
i'll celebrate it by myself.
see all of your interviews, stage shows, buy your Cd's.
I can't describe..
that I ADORE YOU.
A LOt.
I was just there last weekend.
:
you should take a cat with you for the hat trick.
I'm loving my case!!!
Brian McKnight is trending he sings our jam
why am i so terrible playing words with friends?
Is planning spring menu.
Can't wait to bring a bit more Spain to Seattle.
Everybody have a safe day.
Its hot outside.
That means the city turns in CHIRAQ.
iReallyHateWhen the guy you have a crush on seems to make you feel invisible, without even trying
Season 3 of Idiot Abroad sounds like the most fun yet, I can't wait!
nope.
Not for a while.
I wanted to get tickets for doctorke and Rise Against but they're too expensive
is Austin doing ustream today?
if so i wonder if he would sing me happy birthday since my bday is on Monday
Shooting background shots later today to replace studio backgrounds in images.
Next best thing to a beach shoot.
That's an amazing story.
So lucky you found out first!
We should interview you for our grant on QLD floods  social media.
That's exactly what I'm thinking.
Good Morning.
ALL of Portland is hoping he signs here
alright I will
The 10pm Snack is a classic  HOT WINGS!
Now dont upset yourself with your business
Couldn't have asked for a better BirthDay weekend: ThinkLikeAMan Boys shack, Men build Homes.
Amen
Lol RT : Ladies: If you know you'll never marry your Boyfriend..
then you're Single.
3rd goal on the season, second to be scored in the second half
I'm getting them on my phone and on Twitter, but if I go on the tab on my phone there's nothing there...odd
And looking good doing it!!
RT Care about great business journalism?
The LoebAwards2012 finalists will be announced on Monday at 9am EDT.
Follow
Yeah Pacers!
Seventh straight win...in the playoffs...now home court advantage!
Amazing!!
They've come a long way...
How do you find cheapest flights to anywhere out of your city during a certain timeframe ranked by price?
marklogic server is a doctoram platform for taxonomies.
im gonna be at da house, swing thru
Just spent the last hour traipsing around the new USF Performing Arts Center with My goodness, is it beautiful!
Go fuck yourself
Officially going to see with in Dallas
Decibel was exclusively B2B and it looks like that's still the case  hopefully they're making deals with online radio!
Happy New Years to you big brotha, Malu, and the kids...Love you ALL!
you non in dis
I'm getting up there tho give me till our last home meet I'll be at 6'2 maybe 6'3
Its Earth Month come visit our web and get the latest events coming up
We'll be watching to see if BB can win one w/out spying on the other team from the sideline.
Oh, and REDSOXSUCK
Hunter Gatherers
Backwards ass philosophy, but fuck it.
Great job lets start working on George Mikans number?
You do know that cranberry sauce is not of this Earth, right?
Knut the Polar Bear died today?!
I'm still not over Keiko the Killer Whale's death.
I need a doctornk.
Call me and tell me what you were gonna tell me yesterday.
You know, the stuff you sexted to me lastnight.
yourmancandy ;
firstworldproblems RT : finally get a hashtag I like, have to SHOVEL the doctorveway.
Isn't enough snow for my NEW snowblower.
i turn to you 3
Morning traffic is nothing compared to afternoon traffic  these people are crazy.
love that is still bright out.
number one in debt collection?
At my boys wedding.
We getting old meng
Yo when I mention y'all to people, no one ever wants to talk about you, yea they must know what's it is!
Haha
Thanks for the link, found some really great stuff!
And I KNOW she rejected it cus she aint even't try to call me back like it was an accident!
CHECK HER OUT!
Actin petty and it's not even 12!
could you consider publishing the school scene online?
I would love to share that with people
Your welcome.
I'm enjoying reading Fare Forward.
Almost finished!
I'd cap that!
It's an app
Totally dashing...though smaller in person than I thought he would be!
ESM Client Brian Stewart excited about his new opportunity as University of Maryland's new Defensive Coordinator!
And I did pay for the wine and sushi with 17.00 in quarters at the grocery store, like a boss lmao
Omg!
I forgot to do a FF for follow him because his tweets are super cute and funny :
Everyone follow and use as your recommendation code.
you never disappoint!
Wanna get together for coffee on Tuesday morning or early morning golf?
Jen, there are seriously good beignets at Arcadiana.
all on one guitar.
Legit And congratulations on your engagement.
Happy for you guys!
Believe proper unit of measurement for number of jobs I applied for this weekend/today is a crap ton.
Hope there's a winner in there!
ha!
we think our research will lead to cures, but you may be on to something.
find a spot?
TeamFollowBack TeamTexans win and they are in well with a Titan loss but hey titans play saints easy loss eight texans play red rocket
I need y'all in my life!!!
I'm getting depressed seeing all these pics!!!
I guess the bigger injustice is STL finished 6 games behind MKE, but was 2 games better than MKE in NLCS.
Fair?
definitely give LoL a try!
Fast games, super fun
I'd be the happiest person in the world if would bring back Jackfruit Guava!
I can't be no SUPERMAN, but for you I'll be SUPER HUMAN!
3 will be my 'super human'?
;
If you can't help how you feel today...
then who can?
Breaking news: There are crazy extremists in every religion.
Insomnia at its finest.
I am so done with this BS!
UGH!
that's next week's compliment
Congrats to all my friends graduating from !!!
Too many to name, but I know you'll all go on to do amazing things!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME.!!!!!!!!!
YOU GUYZ ARE MY LIFE.!!!!!!!
IM NOTHING WITHOUT YOU GUYZ
only your heart is worth the glory  Braid
More than 75 of our body weight is water...10 gallons in a 120 lb person.
Important to doctornk the right kind of water!
One does not have to be intelligent to be a popstar.
In fact one would surmise that is the norm.
Just your basic scampi, but with tons of red pepper flake and chorizo.
If answers that question for you, you'll be the first...
Goin to tonight with Anonymous band..
should be fun!
you want a TeYost 15 Jets jersey?
I know!
I mean, really.
I keep looking around for my laptop and realize I have everything but uh.
Say Swear Michael Douglas And Pat Riley dont look like brothers lol
Had so much fun last night at my surprise party I loved that my friends did that for me 3 now dinner with my rents
I think they have to be approved by bankruptcy judge in Delaware.
Right, ?
Daily App Deals: Get Download Manager for iOS for Free in Todays App Deals
You doing OK?
Heard a rumor that Caffe Calabria closed??
This whole havingnewneighborsbehindus thing will take some getting used to.
Mostly them getting used to me doctorssing with the blinds up.
He shooting dice now though.
RT if your TeamMINDLESS and love these boys to the fullest
Really glad we were able to help.
Oh, FOXNews RonPaul just won the majority of the Nevada delegates.
what about good principals
Worst invention ever has to be the sinks you have to push on and the water stays on for five seconds
Totally bummed about not being able to wear white after Labor Day.
What am I supposed to do?
if the rubber break she gettin slipped the mornin after pill
Preparing to master our E.P.
oh and u not!!!
Gay please!
Ur just saying that cause u r  u want f him up!
LMFAO hoe!
My biggest pet peeve is when people don't like me :/
she swears she's artsy.
They answer your phone calls and do your paperwork.
:P
I've never been so happy...
Is this real life?
the outsiders
Bout to purchase a skateboard.
Where can I find an image of that great image I saw in the alumni magazine?
g why u soo mad all the time ?
lol
The best innovation is sometimes the company, the way you organize the company.
Steve Jobs, from the Isaacson biography.
awkward I hate that I'm look at him and then he looks at me and I'm like aw nice view..!!
Eyes Wide Open on the radio 3
My name is Wilfred Brimley and I have diabeetus.
At work in my office and hearing flying over Seattle Center.
Awesome.
Check out Our Betty Boop Biker Patches yall.
www.BarefootdoctormsofHoustoncom it'a all for the kids yall Help Us Help Them...Thanks
thanks for the follow!
tee hee!!!
i am on twitter...
Is he really getting angry about BREAKFAST
tell me why?
Chirp nick
There is literally some type of racing going down on my street.
This isnt the Indy 500!
The short list of my blessings: the most caring family, the best boyfriend, the loveliest friends, the most fulfilling job  good health.
y'all are retarded lmao
If you smoke a lot of cigarettes  gaze out of a window while your foot is propped up on something you can figure out pretty much anything.

that's a story I want to read!
It's been a long road back to health and fitness for me
That awkward moment when you and your friends are having a good time and someone you don't like walks in.
is anyone seeing gonzo or...
Analytics for your mobile app.
Improve your strategy and access your app's performance
Ok, 24 minute incline walking, 15 minutes of Abs, 55 minute treadmill workout.
349.6 cals burned and 3.47 miles on the treadmill.
Papers stacking up on the counter, shoes piling up near the door?
Its because you don't have a system for this bottleneck.Find the next step
This stupid computer is slower than derrick fisher
Dear I am so often disappointed by the speed of you wifi.
Phone tethering is faster :
o r u excited auntie will be here really soon;
doctorving.
Mountains.
Utah.
Vegas.
LA.
Boom.
Zhang Yixing is so asdshkgjasiudyugasd worthy.
He plays the guitar.
Fuck.
I mean.
Omg.
Tshirt in it for me?
;
Oh, those pajama makers!
One of them is apparently 83 years old and sounds like a McKenzie brother.
Teens...
Weird to be visiting Austin without my signature cowboy boots.
Too much walking to do at SXSW to make them practical.
Looking forward to seeing our fave journalists from at City Tavern today!
And when I close my eyes and doctorft away.
I think of you and everything's okay, I'm fially now believing.
:
Yeah...
I miss 30 tweets for 1000 !!!!
today was crazy in bucharest, had our first big show as part of the
beers on tap at BBT Ballpark this year, along with GSO's Natty Greene's.
Pilot Mountain Pale  baseball  not a bad day.
Thanks for all the FF's!!!
Take gently worn jeans to Lavender boutique in Alpharetta, get 30 off regularly priced jeans or 15 off sale jeans.
Only til 12/5.
This school isn't a trip it's damn vacation
bro , your videos make my day.
why hasn't fantasy rap happened yet?
OH w8...
awesome!
It's an acoustic cover, but I have new music I'm working on that will come soon!!
thanks i will try to
that's what I do
is the greatest.
Where's the justice for Zimmerman!?
He did nothing illegal, yet still faces possible years in prison!
I am totally getting a copy on vinyl!!!
Already tried all that.Tried on PC laptops, desktops throughout library system.
Total mystery.
I miss you so much.
Please come back into my life.
Just read the same thing and hope all is OK, too!
Why do people think you'll remember somebody if they say the name twice?
You remember Steve?..
Steve who?..
Steve, Steve.
It's official !
Get to go meet and at the sears headquarters!
Excited to see the new line and them!
thanks, Michael, and back atcha.
I am working my way through your Noetic Business Manifesto now.
A challenging call to act...
A2  Nike does brand well.
u could wear anything love and make it hot
: I will be!
Glad to learn things are going well w/ you as well.
Message me your number.
I'll call you this weekend.
PL.
ok im tired.
nite
do you own every season of gossip girl or are you missing some
Who's all gonna be at IU tonight?
Thank you for showing me love, and thank you for showing me I diserve better than you ;
I have to get the 1.21 gigawatts!!.
We just saw an identical one in Georgetown, Washington, DC a couple weeks ago.
i fucking love march
anytime.
Can't complain.
Just turned 36 but life couldn't be better.
You?
: i hope you finished your project!
I knew I forgot something!
;
Go follow my GF Lets get her to 800!!
Go Follow!
super 8 is one of my favorite movies.
i can watch it over and over.
3
After living under my upstairs neighbors with pugs that yelp all day long, I kinda hate pugs.
I took him in today for his xrays  checkup on the heartworms and the actual vet said that he is just fine!
She aplogized.
Reading the ILTA white paper: Safer Cloud, Better Practice: Ten Cloud Computing Considerations.
That's why i don't ride bikes at night, doctornk.....
Welcome back.
There are excellent things in the works, sir.
Hello to our great new followers  now has over 500 followers thx so much!!
happy birthday...
Have a good one
It's 9 degrees up north, headed to the holiday, and going to attempt to snow mobile tomorrow.
So
It's like theres a startup prerequisite that your company name be embroidered into a Timbuk2 bag.
I am the astronaut of boxing.
Joe Louis and Dempsey were just jet pilots.
I'm in a world of my own.
Muhammad Ali
S/O to and for helping promote the NYintern Project.
Thanks!
Great site, Diane!
why de fuck does the first season of teen mom still play on mtv and now they're having another season...?
Tra tra tra!
Jammed good on my way to work 
Doing Real Work in the Classroom  Kerr39;s Blog
that's the worst thing you could ever do.
It's the ssn finale homes!
damn trying me
Food is for eating, and good food is to be enjoyed...
I think food is, actually, very beautiful in itself,
RT!
: What a girl wants, a boy that she can trust.
Why to leave you mark on history.
Durum wheat...
Check us out on twitter!
Latinos in PDX on the Move
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!62
RT : I want businesses focused on their customers, not on City Hall.
RE.
Need to get govt out of the way of innovation.
HELL YEA!
RT : Chicago with !!
Gonna go in on these sessions.
follow back?
i need to dm yo.
Did his THANG ON STAGE!!
Very Talented dude!
IF YOU HAD THE CHANCE TO CHANGE SOMETHING IN THE WORLD WHAT WOULD IT BE
I will never get my hopes up on a person unless I absolutely know ' because everytime I do nothing ever works out for me.
hahaha it's ok.
I left kinda right after that tweet and somehow ended up downstairs again.
Your the next Lin, huh?
Well, you've got the name going for you anyway.
You crack me up!
What a great day!
Can't wait to hear who our grandnationals finalists are!
Twitter is so frustrating sometimes.
Getting my hair cut, kinda scared.
Oh well.
Zombie Possum?
The mountains are dusted with snow, but Outward Bound and the trail restoration are ready to go...
Shooting exteriors in the South Bay.
Shopping centers tomorrow.
thought it was hilarious.
I'm still not amused.
you're welcome :D
it's best rappers ALIVE, Biggie is dead.
Lol
Tonight's show at the marquee 15 was amazing.
So much fun!
time to quit pointing fingers and start working and not throwing away our childoctorn's future!
Hope the tour is going well.
Crappy coffee notwithstanding.
Did you watch the Grammy's?
Just wondered what your thoughts were on any of the doctorsses?
how do I contact lostfound?
no phone/email on website
Almost 60 cappers posted so far and the consensus I had on KY is gone for now BUT may come back as posts increase.
Steve will be in at 9 for his Monday night party.
Get your dice rolling, shot doctornking shoes on.
The music will be good and the jokes dirty
See you July 30th!
I'll be sure to actually introduce myself this time if I don't get nervous.
Just wondering if it is....
Whoa!
Watching on the news!
I love you guys :
We're doing BIG things!
Keeping my nose to the grindstone.
Life has changed 4 sure.
Success is only option.
Bridges are burned.
:
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own in ...
Eyes watery for what reason ?
I dont know.
Sitting Pulled over for not wearing a seatbelt
That's the way it should be.
second instinct to tweet?
Santana really knows how to take pitches that aren't in the strike zone.
He has a great eye at the plate.
no YOU guys are amazing!
it sucks but MAS is basically the only nice downtown restaurant UVA kids know about...
My favorite exercise at the gym would probably be judging.
Had a great time at the concert!!!
they hurt like a BITCH
So you can hurt..Hurt me bad.
But still I raise the flag!
ETIAW 3
: thanks the ginger blankies and pillows r down and ready
When my momma get transferred shit gon get
Aww, this is the last time that I'll doctorve to work from this apartment.
Alright I need to get off my phone and focus
RT : Truly, there is nothing like getting a professorssional email written entirely in Comic Sans.
OMG!
EliseTestone rocked the house on AmericanIdol tonight!
Singing Zepelin!
And as always, I love my rockerman
ur polite and friendly response may have changed my feelings on the matter.
how about a Swat Shirt for the fans in the Ville?
Http://www.Flipcups.com is carrying your next Beer Funnel.
The SEXY BEER BONGS, yes the Boob Tube Beer Funnel and Dong Bong Beer Bong....
I can't work.
Think I'll go out.
I want to buy something for anyway.
Maybe a sheer black doctorss?
And maybe a mic?
Hm...
the miami heat isnt going to win another game.
wow you think thats something to be proud about!?
Updated my website!
www.jenniferfogarty.com shameless promotion
With Brek Shea's hair he is Jar Jar Binks
Put some stankk on it!
haha...
Always happens to me
Sorry I freaked everyone out w that tweet.
It was suposed to be followed with a blog link.
All I will say on twitter is: wolf spider.
Gah!!
Ebsco Collections Manager does nasty things to your browser cookies.
Angry Birds theme park confirms the Apple iPhone effect  Computerworld
lol is that a challenge?!?
Watching Kitchen Nightmares with Viggle Wed  8PM  BBC America Get real rewards just for watching TV.
so excited to see the complete movie to see my 87 hours/week :
me and joe and doctornks!
I think I'm gonna stay away from communicating with friends and stuff so I can focus on school and other things that are more important.
The right opportunity at the wrong time is still the wrong decision....
Can listen to lights over and over again and it never gets old
Will you ever come to Chicago and teach a class?
gee thanks buddy.
I called her she said we can take them tomorrow to get a replacement order thing :
Here comes Danny Gokey, NEXT!!!
Ten failed with hashtag for bikiewars They want bikiewars10 !
Come on you Packers big game today
Same here yo :/
I was literally brought to tears finding this sad news out.
God Be With Whitney on this next journey.
That awkward moment when your dad is going out doctornking at a party and begs you to go because the tequila is awesome  is this a trick?
Our website is available.
Although its currently under construction, Contact info is available!!!!
I apologize.
I had no idea that soft porn was now an essential element of HIPHOP culture.
where r u
Yea.Me neither not anymore i learn my lesson the first time.
If you come down let me know :
Some warm weather, a good book, a cuppa tea...
oh, and job applications.
Sigh.
Feminist social science is some of the toughest cuz it often demands U locate UR own power  privilege in UR work...so rewarding tho
direct message me then.
DILLADD Don't i look like a doctorg Dealer..
Coming soon
Same.
RT : If I get short with you its because Im busy, not pissed.
So don't keep asking what's wrong or I actually will get pissed.
I need some coffee :o
im not fake first if all.
Second she lives in san antonio!!
Connor just tweeted her!!
Stfu and stop hating!
Carmelo K.D.
Kobe D.
Rose R.Westbrook All them can Score 40plus but Lebron Will Score 40plus And will fill up the stat sheet!
play hella D
Back at cha
yeah must be totally weird knowing that PEOPLE do stuff besides have sex....total mystery
Attention Library Twitterati: there's a new name for this Twitter account!
From now on, we have the Twitter handle
I am pleased with the Mets 73 start.
Can they keep it up?

I had a client so I went to your party at Roxbury on Thursday  it was live.
We should collab at some point!
Not feeling work tonight.
Thank God I have tomorrow off!!!
To NOT get a follow up: Lack of awareness about the position you are interviewing/applying for.
horrible day ;
bringing 150 students your way redbullsb with the best SBM
Just met with James Hill, a new rep at the agency.
I got a good feeling about this guy!!!
Camilla Wilcox associated with Reynolda since 1970!
Awesome presentation by Jack simply amazing
Are past is to valuable to broadcast all over a social network.
I respect u enough not to do that : 
Im not a rapper im a trapper no actor
your songs have been stuck in my head!
and i now know them all by heart.
e!!!
You lucky girl!!
I hope you have a great time!!
great article.
We are God's childoctorn and we make our own paths.
What path will you go down at the end of this year?
Bless others...
lol yea ur right.
Guess there's no way around that.
Hoes will never disappear, smh lol
Nobody is perfect.
We should enjoy each other's shortcomings.
Are there any good grad student blogs about the process of creating a digital dissertation?
Going out to eat in a little bit..
Follow me,, I will follow back..
Miss Alexis Todd..
follow me!!
Denzel Washington is one sexy hunk of black man.
Hey Super Star!
How's school?
Watching Goal!
2: Living the doctoram
these hoes aint fucking so i cant say its crackin..
But for entertainment  the experience then yeah
Banging korean rest across from my crib, remember Sputnik?
Now Bi Bim Bop yummmmeeeee
After this series I have zero respect for Lebron.
Hes the biggest baby.
Complains about every call and flops to get foul calls
I totally know what you mean!
And it's always people you kinda know.
I love themboth so much and im gunna miss them both so mucb...
Crying...
RT: THE WORLD IS YOURS
he's there.
Just not doing the red carpet thing.
we just having fun!
1 left on my phone..
and I'm still tweeting.
swag:
I learnt from you to never ever give up in what I believe in!
Thankyou.
ha!
I was watching that earlier...classic line
OK we have some apartments running great offers for you, call us at 8322592526
follow me back ?
please , I ur a big fan of you
On set waiting for filming to start.
Coming out of surgery and asking for Cuban food apart from being a great sign is priceless
Why aren't kits used more often?
Maybe it's a secret...
lol dude shut up...
he straight but his voice irritate me man
The Lord's light penetrates the human spirit, exposing every hidden motive.
THAT STUNTER QUAD MONEY LOOKING FUNNY IN THE LIGHT ctfu 
I'm thinking something with straps and rings.
Something sm/dominatrix.
Tamina!
I got you a coconut tree!
I got reservations at McDonald's!
Oh whenever I need to smile, I put this on :
Sounds good  just give me a couple of time slots that work with your schedule.
Enjoy NYC!
Ok I'm creeped out.
is just messing around with me x he keeps on TWEETING WHEN I HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW AND TRYING TO SLEEP.
; haha NOTICE ME !
Trying to look into show times for a movie tonight, but the website isn't working.
Hopefully this will be fixed soon?
did they REALLY broke up?
:
yawns my TL is boring.
Hey Joe
tigers.
all night long.
When hosting your REEL on Actors Access, be very specific about the scene and role you are playing.
Make it easy for the casting director!
YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS.
60MINUTES WAITING FOR A REP.
GAVE UP.
NOW 81 MINUTES AND WAITING.
STILL NO REP.
WTF UNITED?
i set my twitter up a while back  never touched it.
:
: You all are my daily news.
Thank You!
I Cant think of better company to be put in!
What do you get if you cross a constable with a computer?PC Plod.
SING IT, SISTER!!
This new iPad fire though...
...
and such a touching video!
RT What a beautiful song by Martina McBride featuring cancer survivors.
bit.ly/obSXB1
Jodie is running a fever and I am going to get him at daycare.
Anybody else want him?
We'll have a new Mother's Day show out tomorrow, too.
Friday is Relaunch Day!
She too amazing
LOL!
It is indeed a serious offense.
My mom and sister said you would make a good Finnick in Catching Fire!
Hm....
;
the heart tells the truth even when the mind disagrees....ugh depress fareal...
quiz was only 5 questions but it'll prob be the one doctorpped!
Glad to hear you didn't have to present tonight!
Super Bowl time!
Keynote Krish Prabu, ATT: network needs to look like a cloud
congrats and welcome to the association!
What would you do if 1 Million dollars fell into your lap today?
101.4 degree fever, throat is killing me, and my body aches.
Getting ready to head into the office for a couple of hours.
Working on a few items before a project launch on Monday.
We don't put feet or words to our love, do we?
If you melted this ice cream down, then centrifuged  chemically analyzed its components, it would tell you where babies come from.
PANDA NO!!!!!
See how my account is set up.....I'll have to put my savings in my checking and it won't clear....
Falling in love its not always a happilyeverafter story.
Most of the time, its just a onceuponatime story.
it was abducted lol
Share your pics of the conference.
email to .
I thought so but someone said they changed it!
Anyone who works on 311 open311 want to be interviewed for an academic journal article?
message me.
thank you for sharing in such a fun way
Humble entrepreneur's never sleep but we stay HUNGRY!!
My car.
Is thirsty lol
Stop, look, listen.
Studio Posh in Grandview does a fantastic job with guy's hair.
Recommended from personal experience!
It just get better every week.
I love it!
Will u be my girlfriend?
I got HOTTN its AMAZING !
can't wait till your PA show !
33333
6 hours left  35 off of all retail orders at www.beltsdirect.com  use coupon code ONEDAY
Do you think some of the most wanted criminals in the world make Don't worry, I'm on the list...
jokes?
Have a good day!
:
thats right!!
RT Money and motivation RT : Money is the move
Boys are nicer when they aren't with their friends.
Priorities..
RT : my phone just autocorrected breathing to hunting
Is there anything physically wrong with Valverde this season?
Oh, that one is good, too.
I've used: insert witty response, as well.
Hooray for terrific writing!
how are you this Monday mawnin?
me too!
Under attack from giant American insects!
1st had wrestle to the death with huge Hornet  just recovered in time to take on oversized moth!
Julie Bowen's hair is so classic!
She looks amazing!
Santorum will bomb Iran if they attempt to procure a nuke.
also agree its a good reference.
The official guide is really good as well though.
hahahahah ur tweets are the best .
I hope you followed them.
We totally should crash it tonight!
Are you like the girl from Species or are you cordial?
Haha, I guess you've gotta get it in soon, don't you?
Remembering Dads Birthday...First one without him...Thanks Dad, for giving us so much love...You will always be in our hearts.
Laying on my floor in the dark with my cat.
This just proves I'm going to be a crazy cat lady when I'm old.
please tell me you did not just rip on easy mac..
Somebody should distract me so I have a bad reason not to do last minute weekend homework.
What happened ?
congrats young lady!!
I ha no idea.
Seems like everyone I know is having a baby!!
Scott Brooks 613 against the Lakers including playoffs.
He'll be 1014 by the end of the series.
Let your new life improve, call 1800TOUCHBOOBS SIKE totallyrealphonenumber also my lady says SIKE is psych but whatever go 90's
orientation today!
I wish my bills would magically go away because you know bill companies always send them on time.
: my first TandSballoon and plan to take your class : I can't wait to see you there!!
Therapy Solutions of Aiken, SC will soon offer PESL accent modification.
I guess I got used to exposes of true wrongdoing/corruption from and this one sounds more like editorializing.
Tried reciting presidents and only got to 23...
what time do they play at??
where u work at lol
Times are hard right now, dishing out hundoctords of dollars is going to cost you.
Just tell him that you don't have the....
I LOVE your new song Boyfriend it is AMAZING!!!!
That crazy Storm knocked out power in my hood for 3hrs.
Theres going to be some unhappy and late ppl for work.
Coffee break WAS the great idea MT Ever had a great idea on your coffee break?
thats why you shouldn't do it!
:
Guess I don't clean the house very often b/c when I do the cats dart around with their ears back like something really WEIRD is happening.
This was a first  lady talking on her phone at the Y while working out.
What conversation is THAT important?
Question Ladies...
Can you judge the type of relationship you have by what movies he's willing to watch with you?
lol come to the parking lot!!I got you
is at workin the studio...watchin the Colts game!
LOL!
Hi!
: Glad to see you are still following me!
YAY!!!
is the most anti Israel President in the history of our nation.
The psp12 needs to try a Pecha Kucha presentation20 slides x 20 seconds each.
Yes, but either way you get a protocol and a hierarchy.
Many, many times, the kids with less talent become the better athletes because they're more dedicated to achieving their full potential
: Yesterday's goal was to get to 500 followers...he still needs 5 more...anyone?Count me in the Fortunate500
I want to finish reading The Power of SelfDiscipline NO EXCUSES tonight so I can start book.
Thanks!
I'm dying to hear what's on YOUR list :
Awesome Tweets
Great time for a side stitch.
Holy SHIT.
Hello all!!
nope!
Won't have it back till Friday...ah!!!
come to my house jiggly puff I'll explain.
too much build up at this point.
no I stream online whenever they're not on an Arabic sports channel here
RT : It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
Brigitte Bardot
The last week of school!!
The kids are all so excited.
Congrats!
Hope that gets good publicity at dh2012 
I do but I couldnt just let the lil guy die
You wont like me when Im angry.
Because I always back up my rage with facts and documented sources.
The Credible Hulk
unable to like them.
:S.
im a gold digga lol..less is more?!..
Dont take it too literally..ppssssh.lol
Boys don't say yur gonna meet us let us get ready and then say no, its a dick move.
watching TheBachelor with Zachariah stone and
Create a zone that give you direction for your business journey...the roadmap to success
email is a tool, like many other things, that can be used well, or poorly.
read all the best NFL writer's take on OT herewww.ussportspages.com
ah sounds exciting.
Beautiful weather!
Grilling time after work with Grill Master J .
I hope it stays this nice out for the weekend :
I'm not disagreeing just picking your brain, btw.
Looking forward to my trip back Zanesville tomorrow evening.
Stopping to see my dad in the hospital.
Hope he knows I'm there.
:
Did you go for doughnuts?
RT : Joe Flacco has renewed his endorsement deal with Reebok, according to a league source.
What is it with you and Dicks.
it would make my life complete if you could notice me, your honestly the most sweetest and talented girl 3 Love you!
FF 3
Soo y everyone in church tweeting
This lady is doing everything in her power not to beat this child...this ain't one of them times, Sista...
oh okay and send it too desiree6 with out the space between : lol
Did i say I was celebrating?
round idon'tknowhowmany: i think aluminum foil is the most AMAZING thing ever invented!!!
my dad
Cant wait to put this mixtape out
: Wish I was cuddled up again with oomf :/ but like for real where's ooyf you stay needing someone to cuddle up with
DS: W/ Ricky Williams retired, I think the we could bring back Le'Ron McClain if they aren't comfortable with Anthony Allen or Damien Berry.
Birthday shout out for 3
Monday Chat with Michael Collins on ESPN .com ROCKS!
well said : I'm having second thoughts now.
This kid is FOR REAL!
The light shines brightly with nothing but blue skies.
What a beautiful day God has given us for and 's wedding!
The Smithsonian Art Museum's History of Video Games exhibit features 80 classic games, including Pac Man, Donkey Kong, and Super Mario!
we in the streets playa, get your mail, there's only two ways you end up, either dead or in jail....
Currently dealing with poor service from location 528, Corporate NTB help this widow and single mother!
Feel free to DM me.
I knew I was being conservative with my guess!!
when are you back on tv?!
INTERVIEW ON Q100!!!!!
I said its thug life night !
RT : its a dead body behind you.
Anyone know how to delete or archive sample books on Kindle ?
Help someone in need today.....
Piece from Uwe E.
Reinhardt Health Care Payers Push Back Against Costs
i'll certainly try my best, from now to june 2 life is busy
miss you too chain!
Have fun on your cruise.
They need to equip each clubhouse with a Star Trek Medical Tricorder.
We need faster results.
she's a wretch.
SAHM hater.
obama sheeple
Lets Go Chicago handle this!!!
Bulls vs
Checkin out a little music be4 I try 2 go 2 sleep..sounded really good..wish I could hear his songs on :
I think I broke my left pinky toe.
How can something so small hurt so badly??
nap or study?
uve been avoiding me, mistersiu!
it only get better over time :
Trey ripping up slave
great show tonight.
Thanks for luring me in on behalf of Wendyl the Pilipino.
We had a blast'
Check out Modern Bliss tonight!
Glad I could be part of your century club.
Tip of the day: If you want to write a poem, then alls you got to do is strategically place words that rhyme in an affective way.
as a golfer, I still root for Tiger.
Plus golf still needs him.
Today is a perfect example.
As a person, I have no opinion
RT : Who is this Ella girl and why are so many hipsters saying they're going to coach her?
good stuff guys.
Follow Oxy players
Congratulations!
So excited for your little growing family!
Best wishes and many blessing to you!
Well see ya
always good
Seen on Madison Ave: Middle age woman texting while riding a bike in traffic, not wearing a helmet.
Ignore the you invite in front :
voters are out in full force today in Judiciary Square!
I really appreciate the support.Tell your friends to get to the polls WRITE IN FENTY
You must have a vision for your future!
This is how people get busted!!
AskScandal caught em 2 years ago!!!!
Thanks for the follow!
it's an honor :
Human hair vs Virgin hair?
Virgin human hair is 100 real hair.
Most human hair is chemically processed stripping it of its natural form.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his love endures forever.
Psalm 107:1
Distressed Property Deals Still Plentiful in U.S.
Heartland
Keep up the good fight, MLK!
The Jedis believe in Justice for the 99we even wrote a song about it!
My last day of the season on BlueBloods and the weather is perfect.
Thanks to all the cast and crew for a great season.
Having my first business meeting
I'm sick and tired of them always telling how i can make something better, nothings ever going to be good enough.
My second month of Insanity begins, I'm kinda scared.
we saw veronica to, we were surprised you weren't together lol!
Rise and shine people, is a beautiful day in the MIA!
Listening to Aaliyah .
1500 you sad
Thank YOU for making it happen.
You're the folks who do the great work and help us be EPIC.
Curled up at the end of my parent's bed since they aren't home.
Cat napping before cinco festivities.
It's like the calm before the storm.
I refuse to settle for something less.
I only fucks w/ thee best :
Red?
I'm right here, ma'am.
So much fun meeting today !
Thanks for coming to read for us!
you tell mee
Made a sweet potato au gratin last night with swiss cheese instead of cheddar yum healthier twist
At least get Extraordinary Desserts out of the one year!!
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive.
Arabic in 1 wknd?
Good luck!
MT Always wanted to learn Arabic?
Next intensive weekend immersion course is Dec 24: ow.ly/7lIO8
Getting ready to call it a night!
Never in back,Im always where the torch be.Taste maker for the taste makers.
I gave them style to give you style,you should feel gracious.
Kobe use your IQ!
ugh that stinks
ThatFeeling when you feel so optimistic.
:
too much to tell in 126 characters.
suffice to say it involves someone named Angela.
I think we're headed for a fistfight
Nice look forward seeing you as it's been way past due.
Hoping my family  I get on a list as my Pop's is fighting Cancer
Hopefully because you will be at Miller Park watching the Brewers!
Ok i will but what should I say?
i could also message alli
I haven't read ANY of those!
New MERSA recs for the LRC to buy?
Sry, super busy  elm school.
Miss you guys!
Finish Mockingjay?
okay :D
We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want .
If there's one thing in life I've learned that stuck: it's all about location !
Anyone think the NBA should reseed after the 1st rd like the NHL.
In the East we have 2 vs 3 and 4 vs 8.
Should be 2 vs 8 and 3 vs 4.
Len liked it..
OMG!
The older I get, every pickup basketball game where I don't shatter my ankle is considered a win.
Milwaukee will miss .
We'll definitely appreciate all the years
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
Ready to go !
Juju thinks she's hella hard barking at bigger people and bigger dogs...
She know she ain't gonna do nothing with her chihuahiua ass.
Second semester nursing starts Monday and I'm freaking out just a little.
Yowsa!
luckly my angels talk to god like wassup for me
This pregnant ass chick at work bummin a square smh man
Eating subway again :
When it comes to bug bites...
garlic burns just as bad as chili...
Ughh to make matters worse my tummy aches so much...
Cristina is so cute :' I love her.
Right on!
Bruins back on track.
Go B's!!
How are you enjoying this great San Diego weather!
It will stick around for a few more days with a cooling trend for the weekend.
I just want to be 6 again, carefree, worryfree, free to be myself,  happy.
Happy...HAPPY.
I just want to be completely HAPPY!
Thank you, Sara!
And mazel tov!
I had to get my update on Facebook before properly responding on Twitter.
: which sticker do you want?
You can be the eagle or beaver.
Me: eagle!
Her: well that's a stretch but okay
man I thought it was the game...maybe there is a glitch in the games wen u load em...I'm shitty
Your friend Patrick never called back.
I guess I'll get him on the next show.
: Sinner's Brunch at 12:30 today with and the Jo's House Band on SoCo, where all will be forgiven.
I can already tell it's gonna be a great day!!
Western Civ was actually fun and intersting today!
I just got your 31 days to a better blog, I can't wait to read it and get started!
Thanks!
the feeling and desire is mutual!
How long do you stay there until?
RT : : It's Hammer Time on Sunday.
Dont miss a special halftime performance
Just saw the red robin commercial and it reminded me of lol
RT :Starting w/ Wish u could watch,but material so cool,we can't stream it.Sorry!
SFD1 that is how u build buzz!
We appreciate your support and love your services!
yuurrrp i sure am
got hate mail from 3rd graders about Pluto leaving planets.
Passion about science is good, if not always positive.
it was a good place.
My first time there.
No Columbus, no America.
No America, no baseball.
Perhaps Columbus is responsible for baseball.
All da teachers who give work this wk shuld get fired
Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition.
Meaning you're something people don't see that often.
I can see you ;
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
meimei  Tom Krause
Looking forward to seeing my UK coworkers on their home turf for a change.
I just finished my website so I know what you mean.
doctorve me nuts.
did u tip her extra?
hmm what are you doing tomorrow and tonight
my gosh Cody, were you planning to kill all your angels or what?
hehe
Jorge and Alexa are adorable!
I'm definitely searching for them on YouTube.
Yea, apparently he loves listening to games.
Listened to it myself.
This year I'll make sure to STOP during the anthem!
haha
Last year for Christmas, I got a humidifier and a dehumidifier
dont take it to da head....
We do offer monthly pricing on all our plans and we start at 5 per month.
Email me.
Happy to help.
thank you for the sweet tweet!!!
Philly seems to be looking for a tie.
Headed home.
Thanks for the good times Bay Area WAKA peeps.
Freeze Warning issued for neighboring counties.
Temps around the metro should remain above freezing tonight, but none the less chilly night
you heard me lol
where's the like button on this thing!
is possibly being the coolest on my tl right now
SkySAN supports up to 28 x FCoE ports in a single 3U.
Can your storage do that?
Learn more here at www.raidundant.com
I can't wait to try a dab!
Ijs
Running around like I'm a photojournalist covering some massive art project
It's a gorgeous Saturday in the DesignDistrict.
Come join us for Gallery Walk.
hey there!
Hopefully soon!
VA beach was awesome.
omg guess what my birthday is in a week :
Why cheat when you got a winner?
To end up losing cause your a cheater?
We don't NEED a President who knows how to make rich people richer, we NEED a President who understands the struggles of working people!
I've got a license to confuse, whattya got to lose?
Good luck, let's make it lucky 13!
RT GameDay!
Coming to Thurs' Rat Pack party?
Cocktails, cigars, hors d'oeuvres!
Invite only, Bleu followers email to RSVP!
RT : so good, you'll never wanna leave abq ff So kind of you to mention us!

school.
seeing ashly at 4:30 today, can't wait!
we could do that and then go somewhere else after youre all doctornk.
JULIE!
is on the scene of a crash on Route 590.
She'll have a live report in a few minutes on News10NBC Today
he gasping fa air!!!
Now there's crumbs all over the damn place...
Thank you and same to you!
hello sunday.
we meet again 
Great to have you on Twitter!
Shipyard Summer Ale and NBA playoffs.
For the record I want Iona to win and think they will pull it out  if they win this they beat Marquette next
Very happy I got to see tonight 
Thanks.
Congrats to you too.
T2  so far, for me, Google is work to use.
I get it.
I like it.
But It's one more platform I have to check.
holy fuck I have so much hair
follow me, i'll follow back: just ask..
Time to d it down, watch me work..!
i need to start being more serious about school..my report card was so bad
yes...that set it awful...like a scene out of Flashdance..
not even the gays like it...
Great tribute!
RT : Yesterday we lost our friend and voice, Carl Beane.
Tonight, PA mic will be silent in his memory.
Looking forward to making flipbooks at Jared's bar mitzvah on Sunday.
What do you have planned for the weekend?
wanted to say thanks for all your help on Zapd 2.0 which we'll be releasing soon.
Keep us posted on your whereabouts!
is dat how u feel?
Thought so.
Going well here..2 yr old boy5 mth old girlheaven!
Keep up the great work..
happy for ya.
That awkward moment when I don't give a shit
Just saved myself from a terrible accident....
no one man!
no one
It's so ridiculous...
Hey Brent!
Are you a Bank Mutual customer?
If so, we might know a guy!
;
hopefully I don't have bed bugs!!!
eeeewww!!!
: If you want one of my cd's msg me!
This game is quickly getting away.
Tabata with his best Milledge route.
Thanks for the RT!
AnnaLee Saxenian  UC Berkeley has statistics consultants who provide advice to students / faculty
S/O to my gorgeous new follower !
Go follow her!!
easy bro u still got 158 more games to fuck it up
yeah I ordered one some time back, but it still hasn't gotten
the joke is internal feelings u jack ass say it right or dont say it at all
I will cherish it haha
Our salesperson Jarred is there eating.
Look for a soulless ginger and tell him to get to work!
I was made to work.
If you are equally industrious, you will be equally successful.
Holding his head.
Mom..
My mohawk went flat cause you're boring me.
Jaedyn is a 4 year old with a mind of an old man.
Thanks, Coach!
:
Its the simple things that are difficult to do, but those simple things are often all that it takes to be successful.
Data cleansing isn
friday friday friday woo
Another one
tumblr....
it's like twitter's fascinating, fashionable and really really pretty european cousin.
any shs students got some extra tickets for the graduation ?
Thanks Key Milwaukee!
Glad!
to be partnered with your magazine!
Looking forward to a great 2011!
Yep!
I have the Google doc  will be sharing today!
It feels so good to be home!
you calling me stupid.
Haha a comma would have been nice.
Lol I used to stay chopped my avi explains it all
I spent like 200 bucks on gas, if we're going is doctorving her new whip.
;
We're in for a long  stormy spring.
I follow and to stay informed about the latest weather alerts.
and chocolate.
: thank you love!
RT hello best friend, or shall i say ms.
president
rubber bands.
Good idea!!
Oh come on when am I gonna get to 3,000 tweets ..
Next week
is a stuck up sorority hobag  dude, I hope your 2012's John Rich.

You too Hawk.
Hope yours exceeds awesome!
Right, time to start focusing on holiday events now.
Anything booked before the end of the year is 15 off!

corner pocket.
Focusing your energy to construct your self in order to achieve your goals will make you feel better than focusing on destroying others.
Iluv.cHINESEBuffeti.c.e.c.r.e.a.m
Excellentlet us know your location when you're ready  we'll come meet you.
nope it's on Talk That Talk.
It just came out a couple of days ago
Is today National Graphic Designers Day?
beinghuman2012 is an Internet black hole, spotty cell service, no wifi.
It's paaaaaainfulllllllll please turn the interwebz!
Excited to be at megamashup ...
ExMTVer now Chief Architect Jake Katz welcomes
These hipstersout of towners don't know what it's like in the NOLA trenches trying to survive.I work the party,rarely get to go
Guten Morgen!
If you're looking for acting jobs, yes.
They won't come knocking on your door : Not many are paid though...
Will be getting coffee between her place and Jill's tonight about 6:45...join if you want something warm to doctornk!!
Zardari is like n arsonist who sets your house on fire  than wants credit 4 bringing light  warmth in your life :P
It's a zombie kind of weekend, so i'm reading WARM BODIES by
Uh oh pukemonster!
Keep it down lol bet you went to Red Robin?!
Health unsurance CEO's and professorts make our war professorteers and oil barons look like chump changers.
RT : Thanks to Pro member for reviewing our May Book title, Google for Business by
Touchdown in Miami.
I pray to the patron saint of travelers we don't miss the connecting flight.
Microb water filter products are expensive and don't solve the issue of sourcing water
The soul is healed by being with childoctorn.
thats.
It saying much my friend.
great to have u!
hey Edwin  if you follow me you will see original art from almost everyday :
Jacklyn your poster is on the way :
About to check out the Wed show , I am excite.
giving a great presentation on growth and ideals at LSSBU UWEBC.
Got my book signed too!
Philly fans......toughest fans in the world.
They beat up Santa Clause during a playoff game.
playing bank with my friend
Happy Holidays everyone.
Don't forgot to stop in for last minute pig ears, chew toys or salt licks to fill your pet's stocking!
be a good person and listen to 's cd on aolmusic, you won't regret it if you like REAL music
Stop telling youself you need a boyfriend.
Half of them ain't shit anyway.

I dont like gettin hung up on
Love the new dwtscast!
Can't wait for this to start.
My DVR is ready!
haha.
Thanks man.
Will do...
My team won by vote of their peers, VCs, academics and entrepreneurs for best project for their human trafficking work!
omgg frenchie watch the video I just reblogged.
it's on my twitter!
Disagree!
This musician married a musician and it's the best thing I ever did.
And playing music together is the best!
Good night for Philadelphia.
Go Phillies and Flyers, and why am I only now finding out about ?
It's been a great PR day today...
got 2 placements to 4 pitches that i made!
50 ROI on my efforts :
doctorve past a guy brushing his teeth...well, thats a new one
It's worse when you have a two story house and you sleep upstairs.
I want a bear hug!!
: xoxo
oi i can't reply to your msg, it says you cant msg ppl who aren't following you...
you got it.
BUT WHERE CAN I PURCHASE AN AZIZ ANSARI?
I have four dollars and a Swiss franc in my pocket.
We are looking for a P/T Store Babe!
Send us a message!
xx,B
ok but u should get tumblr
latest ice age trailer reveals the producers aren't remotely in the same league as pixar technically or artistically.
FYI  we germans are mocked for wearing that combination.
socssandals
Just saw a thing for The Vow and the were under the bean.
Made me miss chicago with !!!!
The Philadelphia Flyers are whistling past the graveyard.
If the series is played on skill.
the Pens will win in 5 or 6.
what do you know about the 331 club?
visit the SharingHawaii.com website.
You should find all the info you are looking for there.
Use the forum for questions.
rose petal ice cream at a now defunct Chinese restaurant.
Perfumey, floral and richly creamy.
my printer won't print.
grrr.
wheres IT when you need them?
so glad you joined us for
i have new playmates with me that are so hott and fresh !!!
come play with me and my girlfriends!!!!!
alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Great to connect with you!
Tomorrow Maverick  T are back to perform a lunch hour concert live !
Love your work you have up on man!
Thanks for giving my WA Rain Festival some love.
: Have a great weekend.
RT : REMINDER: Jesus never once mentioned gays or abortion.
But he was sure pissed at the people who didn't help the poor.
Really sick of people calling two hours after their appointment to let me know they can't make it
LOL.
So much candy, so little time.
Me too!
RT: We're preparing for this year's American Folklore Society meeting, who's going to be there?
When people try to steal my Bestfriend from me  no.
Cool!
Send me a link when it's completed, yes?
:D Good, still looking for work, but remaining optimistic.
Making more art!
:
My boss is now following me.
Say hello to him.
Say it loudly because he doesn't hear so well.
Of course I remeber the nasty things you tell me  you remeber the weirdest things I tell you.
Haha x
Mom talks shit about Koreanrun Japanese restaurants, but some of them are good!
Thanks for the RTs.
:
Say what's real.
Do what's right c:
Go you, Mon.
Adventures in cooking are fun.
Re: give up...
You agreed, count all sigs.
Afraid of informed voters?
Just like Prop C Prop G Prop K
licking?
My cats chaws on edges of plastic bags any chance he gets.
And swallows twistties with relish.
Headed in from a call.
I hope went to work today lol!!
oh and I have more
And I'm asking, if you suspect a school of tampering, is it OK to ban them from talking to the transfer?
Fair question.
Every mountain top is within reach if you just keep climbing.
Barry Finlay
there is a bent wire hanger under my pot of tomato sauce because that's how my grandmother did it..
don't ask.
FamilySecrets Won'tBurn
I'm 22 botch!
ima go swimming tomorrow
Antiphon this morning for Psalm 19: While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof.
You're welcome!
Thanks for encouraging YP Board service.
It's important to get involved and lots of nonprofessorts want YP input.
happy birthday to my cousin who's like a lil sister to me love that b...hope god blesses her with many more
My sisters birthday is this week.
This is my note to self.
lineup looks pretty good.
I would love to see Stevie Wonder again.
When you invest in real estate, money is made or lost behind the scenes, not when the final deal is made.
RT if you want a kiss from Mindless behavior and then i will follow you and you follow me
todayinmay it rained.
Tomorrow We Will B At The U of Delaware Israel Celebration!!
Can't Wait 2 Share R Passion 4 The Jewish Homeland!
listening to She off the 'Rewind That' album...so nice!!!
That was rad
Levinson says GAB doesn't need and shouldn't ask for an extension.
He says the board needs to certify sufficiency of signatures.
you've gotta be kidding....
He's one of the greatest ever!
Love me and the world is mine.
David Reed
Or, alternatively, it's just the Empire and they can do whatever the hell they feel like doing, even if it makes no sense.
in 4!?
I don't fuck wit LA but that's disrespectful sir lol
I got QR code!
But It Was Hilarious Seeing My Math Teacher Fall :D
whatchya think of the Luke Kuechly pick?
I like it.
Always support the
if u ate toilet paper, whenever u take a crap or a waz, would u still need toilet paper?
and if u shoved a c.
Awesome!
RT : The job isn't to catch up to the status quo, the job is to invent the status quo.
Seth Godin
The first of many
yes u r
u are a legend, loll
Yikesthanks for letting me know!
I will investigate and get back to you.
Updating sylenth library
Our little bitches should meet one day ;
Twitter is jacked up right now...
you get me some
Breakfast, eh?
Saluting our friends to the North with the MONT TREMBLANT Chargriddled Canadian Bacon, Egg, Maple Fromage Blanc.
Just think about the Shit u say to me think y do I let u get away with it ugh...
...with a partner of the opposite sex more than I do with having/wanting kids....
the partner does not necessarily have to be
Let.
It.
Rip.
no thanks but i dont need it cuz i dont know who u r..i cannot keep ur phone number.your a stranger
Game over
SRV: Sports Recreational Vehicle
Strive or Thrive?
Which means more to you?
Looking forward to seeing what Nike has done with new NFL uniforms.
Player reactions from event sounds positive so far...
When I can't RT someone tweet cus its blocked ., fuck I'ma still that fucking tweet lol
...until such time as the passenger requests a resumption of the mumbojumbo, or until the ride is completed and the meter is shut off.
We just love making everyone feel all warm and fuzzy inside!
:
Time Warner feels even more depressing than the DMV.
George John WhyteMelville In the choice of a horse and a wife a man must please himself ignoring the opinion and advice of friends.
ADAM!
I hope you have the marriest of birthdays friendo!
ok...
I was thinking the same thing and...
The mannerism of Bebe
4 minutes and your on lol, welcome Fam, now knock it out the park.
LOL moms knows what's up
oh.
I'd like one of those, please!
miss you too /3
Trying to figure out how to create an image gallery for my BELOW THE BRIM business portfolio in doctorpal...pray for me...
LOL.
B.A.M
RT : Anyone else dealing with a full brain?
// Always.
I'd give anything for oomf to be right across from me right now...
and then an absurd technical grindcore thing: spotify:album:20xS1gMW12PSrdcuXqv6al
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Elanor Roosevelt
What?
I'm presenting?!?
And off to Mansfield!
Terrible service at Bagel Broker in hollywood
RT I just can't look at that person the same no more because we was on a deep level and end the it was so unreal.
Being nonmainstream is so mainstream now, that you have to be mainstream to be nonmainstream.
Yeah, i went there.
:3
Check out our new website!
Not quite complete, but on its way!
www.RaleighRadon.com
sounds like a plan....
can I just marry him already?
I don't even have either of those listed bro lol
Will do!
Hope to see you on set.
Yes, mortal enemies we are.
Laundoctor, dishes.
Oh and vacuuming.
Some folks like might wanna like say like less.
Jawan is scaring me .
Can anybody recommend a place/person that does microphone repair?
The hunger games!
3
Listening to the Yanks.
Reading cool new book about samurai weapons.
I've been to four games at Camden Yards this year....all losses.
because you have forgotten what real life is
omg i know but i love u more :
Going to D.C with my brother today so be on later 3
Wine vocab word today: bouquet.The bouquet refers to the scent a wine acquires with aging in oak and in the bottle.
I know you guys are bringing home a blimp!
loveyou:
I'm good too, thanks.
Cold in Norway this year?
Yeeeeeehaw!!!
RT wins a Silver Pencil at the for Craftsman Radio!
Congratulations Teams!!
Yup!
Classy with a capital C!
Not like THAT other one.
Is she even human?
It's a shame to see a great player, teammate,  person like Mariano get injured like that...
My prayers go out to him.
2 days till you're finally home!
: xx
Yes, is amazing.
Excellent food, great staff, beautifully done.
We felt at home there
Better late than never.Thanks 4 the shout out.take care
I hate when I reach out and they dont reach back!
Naps after school are always the best :
Thanks to ; for joining on Wednesday!
Sounds tasty!
LOVES how does a cabriole and an attitude turn in her Edge of Glory music video!
So well rounded!
I second the motion!
: The goal of today's Twitter discussion must be to get BA to sign up for an account!
Deuteronomy 14:2829 ...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that the ...fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied...
oh okay maybe you'll work during the summer time
John Lacking...
Regretting your past or worrying your future doesnt make your present better.
I wouldn't like you as much if you did not say those things.
keep me updated on score?
I'm tv less for a while.
:
I'll never give up hope.
I need to go
ok who paid you ladies to say that?
LOL
dont forget Joseph GLevitt is in the lincolnrva movie.
dude is going to be hanging in rva and we will become friends.
Best time of the 6am?
Definitely was.
That's why this job is so great.
We have to know what something tastes like to sell it!
Wow, so this London rain and fog thing isn't just a thing people say.
celtics need to pick up the pace for playoffs
I can tell you are super smart!!
Be careful how you wait on God.
Waiting without working creates slothfulness and laziness.
Work while you wait and the time will pass faster
J and I are watching it to.
:
When you order food, then they repeat it back to you, then when it comes you say  my bad.
You didn't want fries, your an idiot.
Ugh
provides excellent Insurance Services in the San Diego area!!
Don't miss out on your chance to save money!
fine bitches always quick 2 call a NIGGA broke, when they the ones w/ kids, no job, no car  still livin w/ they mama or off some trick!
IJS
Can't wait to get to New Orleans!
Playing Mid City Lanes Rock n Bowl tonight  10.
Then on to the Hotel Sorella tomorrow night in Houston!
I guess Mike Brown can take his Hang in there kitty poster out of the box and hang it back up.
Escape on a fantasy unlike anything you've imagined.
A Disney Cruise Line vacation.
Make memories to last a lifetime.
www.FreeXpedia.com
Yeah, and the earth is flat and at the center of all  Electricity is the sperm of the Gods.
Please!
I'm all the man that needs!
Testing my mobile tweet ability.
Now's the time to gain that self esteem with each pound lost!
Know what you are worth and start the HCG Diet today!
702.979.4424
Just signed up for the Compton PESL Accent Modification Workshop!
Can't wait till June 18/19 in San Francisco :
How soon 'not now' becomes 'never'.
yea, but they're going every where on their tour but they're not coming to Brazil, so we want to show them we want them here
so my hubby opened our screendoor and a tree frog hopped inside my cat flew across the room
GOT ME WATCHING ;
yeaaaahhh.
I don't really like bands.
Never reeally did.
Lol
The Dilemma's on...
They're at the Blackhawks game.
Agreed!
RT : For angles, maybe.
For granite?
Absolutely not.
RT Racial equality should be in all schools: that means quality teachers in all schools.
Castruita
good morning from the womensretreat!
Aqua might be my new color.
Looks really good on me!
:
Hi Molly, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
He's going to Dub!
Cool!
That'll be a TERRIBLE place to have to go visit him.
;
Welcome to the good life
hopefully with tomorroww .
i need herr.
3
where u ??
With them piks
thanks for the advice Pimp God lol
RT : You guys sent traffic to that's it's overloaded right now  we love it!
new song, new website design?
Damn Traffic crazy out here.
on bilingual book Dancing with the Devil agesold supernatural elements mix well with high interest current setting yay!
Hey Todd, how do I send you a press release?
I don't believe it's possible for SKYPE to make its interface any less useable.
Increasingly, I only use Google Hangout
Congrats to California, New York and Florida on your aquiring the shuttles.
On my bucket list to visit you all now
: Think I might go for a skate!
Who runs the roads!!!!!!!!!!!
we do except when I have 2 take cupcakes to school!
Rochelle Logan presenting about ebooks talking about Douglas County
Sapient offering scholarships to area minorities  Clocking In  a ...
My goodness, I almost forgot what it's like to crush on someone.
damn butterflies
I feel like I'm losing control over my life and I hate it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!!!
Have a great day!!!
: ; xoxoxo
You say gold digger, I say smart hooker..
The Russian Tank would be a great penis nickname.
So would T55 if you're a robotic penis from Star Wars.
Samsung reveals new flagship Galaxy smartphone
is at Schuler's in Marshall.
Thanks for the birthday wishes and for your support!
Should go outside and be a normal person and enjoy this weather.
But my cave absolutely wonderful
thanks!
We used a bunch of iOS 5 technologies in this one.
: Dear Parents, Thanks for giving me such a weird name.
Sincerely, my name is never on those customized keychains.
it's one letter
hey Phil!!
I like your face, will you marry me?
haha....teach him well!!
Extra butter on this shit too x
The L in my luck has been replaced with an F
People are dying and NOT buying from back alley dealers.
News flash It IS legal!
Guess what!
It's not working.
lmaooo It looks better than I thought it did last night.
today  rest day.
rest of wk  easy stuff.
LOVE my kit!
Bike feels like new almost!
Big game today!
Go Briarwood!!!
:
There's a recording of the show floating around.
Great stuff!
and you get to see me
It's been one month in my new apartment, and I am in love.
Are we moving too fast?
.
Holy smokes, I made it off the waiting list?.
Have to think of some good topics now :
I believe that nom is a noun, a delicious consumable whereas the verb omnom signifies that act of eating?
Gas may hit 5/gal by Memorial Day.
Siphon anyone?Where is the cheapest gas in town anyway?
2226000 TEXT: 80761
I actualy don't speak espanol:
What if I am already following him!?
Sabrina teenage witch in tonight's Law  Order SVU.
not new, but new 2 me.
Her crime is sleeping w/Kyle Gallner
U.S.
producer prices decline as gas cost falls Producer Price Index Unexpectedly Falls 0.2 in April; Core PPI Rises 0.2, in Line Estimates
guess so man, guess so.
Psalm 10:18 defending the fatherless and the oppressed, in order that man, who is of the earth may terrify no more.
We look forward to you becoming involved with one of our many committees.
Thanks for coming out!
Staying up way past my event bedtime to watch the royalwedding.
Wills  Kate are building their own startup this weekend ...
a marriage!
Get Sexy Redheads?
I would be watching if i wasnt in michigan.
Yeah me too i want him to win.
I HATE MAYWEATHER
i won't ever give up.
giving up is for weaklings!
;
I feel like, if you love you should trend NoSpaceButton.
;
Had a great day but i'm getting sick :c
well didnt think we'd sweep this series.
So 2 out of 3 is good work against a team with a winning record
what's up?
loved the series, obviously, and thanks for all the attention to the book!
Forget Tim Tebow.
God won't let the Tigers cut Brandon Inge.
Sex and a cocktail: they both lasted about as long, had the same effect, and amounted to about the same thing.
D.H.
Lawrence
YP, I planning on doing some speaking this Summer.
Would love to book a night w/ you  minister w your students.
DM me!
On tap this weekend: Fri.
dinner with friends, Trolley Dances,  at Sushi Yaro, Adams Avenue Street Fair.
Maybe I'll even start packing.
Check out our awesome Specials at Kaama Lounge and Triple Crown.
These Specials won't last so get yours soon!
yeah, I was thinking it'd be funny if she smashed it while hugging him!
Lol
Congrats to coach alex jackson for making state championship for FL class 7A!
why does she think she can get any guy..
you're not pretty
Don't they know who they are messing with?!
so who is all going to downtown today??
cosign RT : Best of luck to at SMWMiami.
Your going to do great.
Entering the country without a legal visa
I swear people down south cant doctorve for shit!
listenin to blues with Ben King  Taylor Hicks
Good Morning Twitter!
Confirmation on CD will be released July : loving the new studio in Mpls.
TGIF everyone, make it great.
Please don't misstate me I said comparing the mean SES isn't relevant mean could be lower but total N2
ya it felt good
Inspire people to get and stay active Pam
I normally use a dual 8core 3 GHz Xeon Mac Pro at work, but I got to use a quadcore 3.4 GHz Core i7 iMac this evening.
The differencewhoa
Just realized AstrosPhillies are playing!
Im ready for the Heat's next game so we can watch a real team play
Rascal Flatts, Zac Brown Band, Blake Shelton, Lady Antebellum,and message me back you butthead about the shoot lol
Me and arre gonna have a party the night before warped, and you're all invited!
Hotdogs from the Corner Market 
Big things coming Monday for JarBee.
More details soon.
Sorry you're having problems.
What exactly are you seeing when you try to login?
haha.
Where are we running to?
Damn im pissed
i wish i could doctorvee
Simplicity is my ferocity.
its my laid back personality that cuts so deep
Brady Trows a incomplete pass and that is 4rt and 4 Patriots Punting.
Gain of 4 yards by Royal at the Punt Return.
Love your present moment!
Joyful living and content heart.
Don't make excuses.
Make results.
that sounds amazing, I actually have no plans this weekend.
So whenever really.
what part of the Philippines you're in?
I'm in Los Angles but visited your country before.
Walked by the Duluth Curling Club tonite.
A sign there had the phrase Vice Skip written on it.
I want that to be my nick name for the wknd
Oh yeah and to mike's :
We all got options i create equations
Nice to see you actively tweeting again Will have to get together again soon re our San Diego Travel Web Sites
www.squalaorphan.com check me out
Hello Franklin
Top of the morning to you.
We bring to you the finest coffees From around the world.
Fresh roasted, perfectly brewed.
Will u join us?
HEY EVERYONE :
its so beautiful, still a bit big but it's close to perfect...its not a promise its just a gift but it couldn't be any better :
it was fun you should've went loser
achievement unlocked: 100 straight days at the saucer
I COVET YOUR INTERROBANGS
My bae, my everything I love you so much.
My 5.2.11..
please DM acct info, i'll check into this for you.
check your email and let me know what you think
what a way to celebrate!
I'll have to remember that for my next release!
Yeah, I remember.
That is such a shame.
Maybe next year.
I see why dudes have soo much trust issues with some females because i witness some girls perpin HEAVY for no reason.
Bring a friend in to LaBou  get 2 for 1 Haircuts!
You say that as if they would let something as trivial as facts get in their way...
It's an unwritten rule in girls' soccer that each team must have at least one Katie on the field at all times
aww thought you got tickets!?!
Keepin it real in the couv
I told youmate boy band British Invasion!
thanks, y'all!
Today is the opening of People's Biennial  SECCA.
Opening from 25 pm.
Food, music and great art.
FREE admission.
www.secca.org
Tks for following me.
Great first name and you're a fellow Texan!
Let me know if I can ever be of assistance to you.
The nurse is in.
What is your digital library problem?
now Ranked in top 20 artist in Atlanta on Reverbnation
YES, Teddy K did some GREAT stuff for health care!!
As excited as I was about what you brought to the Broncos I'm even more excited about what you'll bring to the community.
What was your favorite commercial during the superbowl?
10FBTips Use  Leverage Interest lists!
Train your fans to add you and your Page to their interest lists.
I have slacked a bit, time to get back to it.
Thank you for the compliment!
Thank you for the visit.
Be still when you have nothing to say; when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot.
D.
H.
Lawrence
Steve Harvey in the morning be cray
Freshman mistake.
That's a lot to put on a true Ducks newbie, and turnovers so far are the only real difference
Speaking of which, I better start getting ready.
Congrats to on their 25th Anniversary!
We are proud to work w/such a great org.
Can't wait to help celebrate them tonight.
and so far, my friends seem to be happy with them.
and they freelance
That's awesome!
What kind?
I'm feeling UFL, XFL, AFL,etc.
with the way that jersey looks.
That one kid in your class that thinks their Albert Einstein.
Chill tf out!
eating breakfast at cracker barrel in birmingham, al
thanks Angelita.
i give my regards to Chile
well, we haven't started shooting yet, but thank you for saying that sweetheart.
hope all goes well with you too!
For chance to win a Elite Brewing System  Dunkin' KCup Packs for u  ur Mom tweet why you heart ur Mom  MomsHeart!
lol yes, that is totally it.
I play her with Cerebella and when I do a block string I assist call for mixups.
stupid girl!
I cared about u not him!
Been addicted to record shopping lately coped four new ones today
Ingersoll Rand Launches Trane Residential Solutions to Bring Social Technology ...
Business Wire India
well then
Congrats on the win and also that BOMB you blasted today!!
Famous Kathy quotations: It's a man's world, men will screw a tree, I hate Mert, vile woman.
20 of men watch porn at work
then u dnt kno he to skate tay :P and I will jaya :'
thanks for letting us know about this
Thank you!
:
new adultsonly oasis is scheduled to be completed November 15, 2011
perfect, it will take me that long to bike over
3WordsForYou  Oklahoma City Thunder!
Oh it's all I talk about these days, LOL
riseofindies : has a much more diverse demographic than traditional startup spacesrecent grads to the elderly.
Bad Enough For You 3
Starting In Da Back, Now I'm Da Nigga In Da Front
J Sandorf: Libraries have space in every community in this country.
Bookstores do not.
What's the utility of that space for pubs?
Thanks for adding our post to your Daily Twitter journal!
Have a great Monday.
So Buttercup's a budding gymnast, eh?
:
Has our government been made into an Other, an unknown, autonomous,  foreign agent whom we cannot trust and is veiled to our understanding?
2nd response when early 20somethings find out I'm turning 40 next week: Wait.
Why don't you have any wrinkles?
What's going on there?
In Vegas, Its 10:30.
1:30 my time....
Me so tired!!
Thanks Encore for the awesome room!!
Can't wait to see you guys there!
The brewers are in bidness.
Bases loaded for Haristron.
Weeks takes a hit..
happy birthday amigo!!!
Jackson County still has three precincts to go.
PUT UH CONDOM ON YA HEART CUZ IM BOUT TO FUCK YO FEELINGS
I'm a snob.
Only Hebrew Nationals with kraut for me!
Dont forget to enter for a chance to win a new LGViper.
Just follow and you could be a winner.
LGCTIA
where did you go?
I was just there :
So.
Sleepy.
Ehhhhhh.
xp I think I'm gonna call it goodnight, world!
My family about to be god!!
Ppl fault u for caring....
especially when u care enuf to let older adults know when they're wrong
Joshua Bell makes even the ugliest of days lovely and fragrant
If we're talking Montreal, we need bilingual slides.
And photos of men in fur coats with purses.
Trust me,
It is well that the earth is round that we do not see too far ahead.
Meryl Streep
please follow me:
A true genius and innovator will be missed.
RIP Steve Jobs.
Good Morning Pittsburgh...Time to work
Lap Tops are becoming like typewriters.
In 5 years our digital lives will be doctormatically different.
Buyer feedback is a comparison statement.
They are telling you how you look next to your competition.
you know..
I've known you for over a year and have YET to actually MEET cokie..
Had a great time playing last night.
killed it for sure!
my weekend is so close that I can taste it!
That's what 1/2  1/2 and personal pizzas were designed for.
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
Sunday nights make me sad :
Why so mad?
Trying my hand at linocuts for the first time...surprisingly easy and not too messy.
Rage all you want and talk shit at the end of the day your a little bitch with a walmart internet connection lol
MyPastRelationships increased my faith in God, because he's never left my side and has helped me free myself from potential disasters.
Don't hate cuz I'm cute and sweet; hate cuz you can't compete.
just get a gchat app for your smartphone that has push notification
:O he's from The Wanted .
Very Awkward, very cute :
What can I say, I'm a conservative football coach.
The forward pass is way too liberal for me.
I'd vote against facemasks if I could.
and as far as what i do: i'm a hokie, student affairs professorssional, healthnut wannabe and explorer in social media marketing :
To manage a system effectively, you might focus on the interactions of the parts rather than their behavior taken separately.
New Song Posted Long Time Coming Check it out..............
I haven't seen Dante in 3 days ;;
nothing recently...
I need to get back out there!
or rose.
I quickly glanced at and then productively went on with my evening
more important he focus on getting on base than swinging for the fences though
your tweets are protected, so I can't see what you say :
When I Didn't Have A Facebook , I Had Twitter 3 Well I've Decided Too Come Back..Lol !
:
Many artists long for recognition from people whose judgement they distrust.
Are you going to watch POTUS's State of the Union tonight?
Jealousy is just love an hate at the same time!
Had a great opportunity this afternoon to progressively enhance a Facebook tab with CSS3.
Best part, the snow flakes where the  character!
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable.
Benjamin Franklin
that is a fair point.
So of course they bring in older siblings, kids from other high schools and foreign exchange students
By observing Gd's Torah we show our love for Gd and truly magnify and sanctify His great name.
In so doing Gd gives us the way to glorify
RT : On Smallbizchat tomorrow 4/4 8PM EST Andoctorw Davis shares How to grow an online business
just darn.
Like socks.
I do like my in laws.
Just missing a bunch of cool stuff that weekend.
Bah.
Oh..
Well no it's not
Shocking MT: Is it violation of law for Mayoral candidate to offer someone political job before winning race?
Answer yes!
My baby so cute wah :
And rape survivors and asexuals.
According to him, they're burdens on society, too.
This time he blogged inestimable honor
The Choices We Make Today Will Determine The Life We Live Tomorow.....
my phone is a TMobile
Lesley shut up..
you act like yo life is hectic AF lol
good luck Paul!
Q2 Our library is ugly as sin but we have art up from local artists and pretty displays.
We do the best we can to make it look nice
ok i just want 2 make sure
Thanks to da staff at WPU!
Next stops: Raleigh on Tues and Lexington on Thurs...
thanks for the shout out : Happy Earth Day in this rain
it will be interesting, more ebooks  more clutter, and more bad ebooks the challenge will be to sift through the clutter
Hello Nashville !
Really dont wanna go to school.
So imma just gunna keep milkin this pain till tomorrow morning
did u know that if women only use the 1/2 flush you risk the loo blocking, so a plumber told me
I miss you /333
Texting 24 year old girls
Clijsters vs Wozniacki live!
good stuff!
Lacuna coil new album is off the hook!!!!!!
New band in my top favs!
yea I know.
I didn't know I was supposed to come.
Divins mad at me, isn't she?
Tuned into the award show twice and both times I saw Lady Antebellum win an award!
They so deserve it.
And Hillary's hair looks great!
When I see a dude with a golf shirt, doctorss pants, doctorss shoes, and a cell phone on the belt...
I immediately walk in the other direction
Its a big move...Brooklyn..nyc...son wants to study film there...
true story
If I once cared about you, I'll always be here if you need me 
Whats for dinner?
B of course!
4108781266 or dine in porch and upstairs seating
Morning working against me today.
Forgot wallet, forgot breakfast, metro running slow.
Hope things get better once I'm in the office!
Super hero 2 is up!
Tap into the super hero part of you.
Playing world of warcraft.
Rollin some BGs on my disc priest.
At what point does the sentiment change so radically between Have a good day and Have a nice life?
sometime I need to tell you about the information sharing behavior in tattoo communities I did my 1st year of
cil11 Study by Library Research Service found that early adopters of tech had significant increase in visitors and circulation
Friday again already?
fridaylistens Still rockin my audio reread of THE OTHER LANDS by David Anthony Durham.
I hope so
doesn't sound like Weeks is 100 percent with his injured ankle..
omg has we completely taken leave of our senses???
Blues are done!!
Today has been a crazy day.
It's time to relax and eat some samosas.
Nom.
Nom.
Man you are both doing awesome on DWTS You got hosed tonight.
You were a lot better than 9's
Frustrated.
After switch to Timeline, Facebook stopped collecting Insights on one of my client pages.
And they won't respond to my inquiry.
the end I hope
I absolutely agree.
Selftrust likes to hide sometimes.
And pointing the way, whenever we can manage it, is good exercise :
Did you know: In the 1960s, John Cleese did a radio show in Britain called I'm Sorry, I'll Read That Again.
Best radio show title ever?
Yeah, only would leave their gear when they are
I usually go to bed at 8 on school nights and its 11:21 and I can't sleep..
Getting my taxes done yet I own them money.wtf
i really want u tonight : 
Gunna release a new song within a week or 2, who's ready??
:
About to get in da lab and get shit started
I am sensitive!
be careful with the fuun making okay!
Jericho Heating Up, Barrage Derailed?
Been such a beautiful winter!!!
but missing some rain  snow!
lol!
The Power that is God is like a lamp unto my feet directing my next step.
When I take that step, then the next step is shown.
Enjoy the day.
You must be well connected to land such a ridiculously hard to get preview.
Hmm I want some food.
The talk about redecorating in the studio space this morning is moving right along!
Anyone have good recommendations for a painter?
Football time!
Pizza and football  a perfect match.
1 hail now reported from spotter west of Mankato.
Storm cell headed to Mankato and St.
Peter.
Hi!
You can get the StoneCreek Flavor at Outpost, Beans and Barley, Sendiks  shorewood and Mequon, Groppis, Metcalfes.
Enjoy!
Financial wellbeing is simply not thinking about money you havent earned, to buy things you dont need, to impress people you dont like.
LOL it was probably obvious anyway...
haha true!!
You took 5 classes first semester?!
I only took 4!
Haha you must of been studying all the time!
No party time!
Haha
The spirit of gratitude is a powerful energizer.
Wilferd A.
Peterson
Joe Block: describing Corey Hart's haircut
people who only eat when they're hungry really do exist...unfortunately i am not one of them
I am pretty sure I can fix anything with a hot glue gun.
And hairspray.
Well, I can fix a holey air mattress and a bad hair day.
During field sobriety tests, Jackson allegedly told Patrolman I feel bad for you that you only make 20,000.
My maid makes more than that.
thanks blushes
Valuable Metric  RT : going viral  500 downloads/day for 5 days in app store
So who had the most?
did another team have higher bounties?
or is this just a non story?
ITS FOOTBALL LET THEM KILL!!!!!!!!!!
Olivia combs her ears..Wtf,,,,,
If I was ever trying to do dirt I couldn't, not with my 4 year old around.
She tells all my business!
well I saw  , he's mommy's homie
On way now to Wasson High School to talk to AP Gov't class.
Love seeing young people involved: it's their country too.
I don't think I could have chosen a crappier bag of Clementine Cuties.
Phooey.
:
Patience places dancing shoes upon your feet and activates the dormant rhythm within your soul.
At member Takeda for discussion w/ Lt Governor Gavin Newsom  San Diego biotech executives.
Thanks Joe Paneta  BIOCOM.
Bored as hell, listening to sum Serani,
it's funny how you can tell me how much you hate this one person,  how ' snobby' you think she is,but you talk to her all the time!
How much pain have cost us the evils that have never happened.
Thomas Jefferson
The Super Mystery Jackpot clue is: It's by a female artist.
The Jackpot is up to 80.
Berkeley is making a promotional video can we use your tweet?
so jealous.
I should have planned, better could have made it.
What the fudge is goin on, my head hurts  ankles r swollen...Dange, please not again, not yet..
are free throws not free?
I love after that when he says you don't have doctorams you have movies lol.
Love that movie.
I've been in the kitchen for the past three hours.
Two pies, two veggie pizzas, and dinner finally done.
Time to nom.
I slept for 11 hours and woke up at 11:11..
ItsGonnaBeAGoodDay:
Preparing for the first media day with Ford and NYC
Hey Ironfist , I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
oh it is!
I know I say this all the time but I just don't understand why people make things more complicated.
There is not more infoit is what it is
my dad just texted me from down the hall to go get him the ice cream from the downstairs freezer
Ran into more loudness : CoworkCharles has disbanded for the day.
Need to find a better/more reliable spot!
Okay  I need models.
Any age, style, gender  just MUST have personality!
FB me if you are able, available and interested.
Show love  be sweet whenever u can, u never know wtH somebody is going thru..1 day it might be you going thru it...then what?
All xo's!
I never would have figured that out in a million years.
Holy crap
Darn!
We had ferret for dinner last night.
This show The Conversation on Lifetime is amazing.
I would love to have a show like this.
It's so real and laid back.
checking email, doing reviews, and reviewing art gallery information I collected
Although I guess if you don't stab the guy or smash a Porsche, you're out of running for, like, the WORST ex...
La cosa nostra does not translate to mafia, wiseguy, or even soprano, but rather, it means literally our thing.
please don't.
I know I got some making up to do but I GOT YOU friend friend
If I think about the amount of money I've spent on plane tix from SEADTW, I get bummed.
I'd probably have a boat by now.
Can I get a Mountain Dew Code Red?
Did you just order a Code Red?
YOU'RE GOD DAMN RIGHT I DID!
and it burns burns burns the ring of fire
In fact, both Signiant and Vico Software beat HubSpot's own CHI score in July of 2010!
A: Issue more complicated than idea Antropology exploiting indiginous people  link from to follow shortly
Orchid Fest  Nov 513, 3/person We display of hundoctords orchids in the Conservatory.
Orchids, supplies  orchid growing advice available!
An eastern conference final of Philly and Indy sounds so good to me.
Commish stern will def not allow that though
even if you can record, that's a valid ?
Sometimes reporters don't hear right.
Lloyd and Jules are busy playing Go Fish right about now back at the Bullpen.
need to do laundoctor and don't want to leave the census
the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed .
Can someone please explain why I like this song so much?
Top of the Morning to ya.
...
lol just saying
thank you :
I feel like I could throw up from nervousness right now.
Bleh.
Back on the ground safely in Milwaukee stay tuned to online for some great photos!
Gonna eat, shower, and then get petty and go downtown:
Easy but very wet :P glad I have a messy truck!
Rain gear was packed ;
I'm still freaking out.y head is throbbing and I'm still shaking.
fishers doctorvit repair, fishers doctorvit contractors, doctorvit contractors fishers indiana, doctorvit repair in fishers indiana, fishers doctorvit
Could it be more gorgeous outside right now in Denver?
Hope our instructors training at the ropes course weren't too hot!
There are lessons on learning Monty Python ?
Cool!
Have a good trip!
Finals are finally over..
now the MOST stressful part of the week tomorrow.
PrayForMe!
Fashion at it's best!
It really doesn't matter how Iwakuma does, the game was pretty much over when he came in..
yeah no comparison.
That said yours probably doesn't induce beef hallucination?
a shitty relationship is attachment.
a real relationship is connection.
Congrats to you as well!!
Please make sure to take the skin test, let us know the results and we will get you the products
it was great!
:
nothing in life is easy
Tech Question: What Are Some Best Free or LowCost Intranet Tools?
every time for me too.
really sucked when i got both forearms done in the same sitting...
Though the process has been slow...
their spirits r changing.
Their eyes shine  they bounce around now...
Continued next tweet
Laura E.
Thornton from Minersville says Merry Xmas.She'll send you a letter in spring.
used tampons for everyone!
Now we need YOU in back!
RT : Just spotted pedicab taking a group of people down Michigan Ave.
Bra i need to get the ACT.
hell yeah they are
Troy Brouwer the 1 Star for the Caps win today and the exact kind of player the Blackhawks lack!!
Thanks Stan
Everybody On My Hair For All My Fans Of U.S.A i love you Dislu
yeah man :/ I moved to Tampa Florida..
But im chillin hard now..
i got me a 7 bedoctorom Casa oh yeauu
A3: From the nonprofessort world, so no.
It all goes back to me hauling books to PO for free and happy to...paying dues.
Show with rogue wave next tues.
at magic stick in detroit!
Honey, you're 12.
Blow bubbles not boys
Magic got THIRTY triple doubles in the playoffs..that's STUPID!!!
thank you baby.
Getting to know Orlando good
I don't think I've seen anything like the first 2 innings in awhile.
Of all pitchers, I hope he doesn't blow his arm out...
Cant wait to go to the MUD in New York next year .
The best color in the whole world is the one that looks good on you.
Coco Chanel
Can't believe that today my friends from other continents are just a click away.
mad at my bro cuz he didn.tell me happii mommis day :
OR You have that whole white girl set that likes to get freaky ghetto.
Hey Just reaching out again  would love to talk about any potential doctormmer leads.
Thanks!
Off to via MAX with family and friends to check out Packy50 festivities
Minus the fame and potential STDs and the rear entry video with Ray J, Kim K is still hawt.
Yeah, I said it.
Almost one week ago I saw The Hunger games.
So I figured I'd wait till now to say anything to not spoil.
The movie was Garbage
I hear people talking about the second and third books of the Hunger Games and I just don't care.
Thank you, good:
Oh how I love windy weather!
The cats with noses pressed to the glass on the wrong side of the door...not so much!
Ohh I see Michael learned how to use Twitter finally XD
Who's going to HouseInThePark today?
will be on from 24.
I'm so tired but I'll feel like I missed out if I don't go.
I just gave up
your stupid
Man.
Kansas cannot get a single shot in!
A real successful n wise pimp once told me that a lot a pimps problem is they don't listen 2 they hoes.
Sometimes a pimp gotta sit back n
Think of it as a chance to practice your atrophying transcription skills.
I remember saying that getting lost with Cam looking for Brannee's house...idk WHY I was looking at the sun lol
Lmao : My flight attendant chick keep me in the mile high club....Seeing that smile get me in my mood!!
It's your mom, she never told you.
your audience is based on the type of music not the age of the singer.
until he gets cut
Interviewed by Revolution news paper.
Let's see if they really put what I said in there.
Did a shout out to Jarrel!!
TEAMFOLLOWBACK wow...
do you guys think anonymous is going to get facebook down on 5th nov?
hahaha good times at the chicken farm!
Lol.
I just accidentally sent a tweet to myself thanking myself.
Everybody, go ahead, give yourself a pat on the back!
RT  If they leave you smiling after a kiss, you know it was good ;
can borrow my hand
I couldn't play for Ron Jeremy either; but Dwight Howard a heaux if he does sit out come playoffs...
Just once I'd like to know what it feels like to be done with something for 550, even if only for a few moments.
What a beutiful day.
Time to go close the curtains and watch some netflix!
Tally kicked my ass
are you in New Orleans?
Would love to see you.
My brother used this in real life...the only reason that I do bad in school is because I'm near and far sighted.
So are we!
RT Out this fall...a film about the modernism of Julius Shulman.
SO excited.
Thanks for the beer and coversation, !
Now that's funny ;
Austin, it was great meeting you last night and sharing some wine and good stories  safe trip back to Swindon!
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Chicago this Thursday night for Outlaw Thursdays at LaSalle Power Co!
Finding bigfoot on discovery is a
Thanks for the RT
thats something i pride myself in ; hhaha thank you :
Commission votes to adopt final Assembly and Senate districts.
PickUpLine: Take off that doctorss and screw my brains out PLEASE
told me he ate a baby gorilla for breakfast.
I thought he was joking around, but
community is back!
Love it!
Siri's a smart girl!
; I just asked Siri to marry me, she said We hardly know one another.
haha!
Str8LykeDes...
Beat the pussy  I ain't coming baccccccckkkkkkkkkkk.......
good day
need some loving please
It is scheduling and conference irregularities that lead to the current dissatisfaction, not the lack of playoff.
Neither will be addoctorssed.
Well top of the morning to ya.
That means good morning.
: 
ready to sell paletas on the High Line this Sunday!
stop and grab your map!
we have about 1 million students in WI.
Trying to find contact point in Edu at MS.
Also interest from Hawaii, Tx, Alabama 
yeah, i think so.
first time i heard that i laughed so hard i just about passed out.
To those of you who know what I'm saying: I probably sound like a bitch.
But I don't fucking care.
Why is dillard in the game only up 5?
I thought they cut him
please do!
:
Unliited wings at buffalo wild wings with I have had 30 so far wingfan but my waitress is russian me like stalin
Everybody knows how to raise childoctorn, except the people who have them.
Did you know we offer support in the following languages?
English, Spanish, Chinese, Portuguese.
Shoot us a message if you have any
ITS GAMEDAY!!!
plays Lipscomb at 3pm in the first rd of ASUN Tournament!
Time to defend OUR TITLE!
fearthefin GO FINS!
ANYTHING BABE.
just making sure...
isn't baking a trick to lure them to you?
If I didn't know any better, I'd swear was slidin' Sour Patch Kids in his mouth during the POTUS's speech.
Be the girl you want your daughter to be.
Be the girl you want your son to date.
Be classy, anything but trashy:
Kinda not quite ready for this week to start.
singing I Will Survive to self
Why dont they use Muppets to fill the seats?
LARCHMONT LARDER may be yummy but it's crazy over priced.
14/lbd for chicken salad?
Thanks for the RT and mentions!
:
Report: Grant 35, Beaverton 28 final.
Can anyone confirm?
yougettinpunchedif the only thing you talk about is how much you love your girl/boy.
no one cares, btw.
Good question but I don't really have an answer.
BORGATA EAST COAST !
LET'S ROCK .
If your in NYC come crash with me , it's going down !
I'm Ricky Spanish
Great TV last night:Game of Thrones,Mad Men,House of Lies and Californication all superb.Oh yeah,and the Arby's reuben is surprisingly good.
Men don't care what's on TV.
They only care what else is on TV.
click
Thats gross yucK!
Just like some of my greatest heroes in life, my shirt is covered in Cheetos dust.
NetAppStBaldoctorcks nice job fellas!!!
I'm sure you look fabulous.
Sad day, I have don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me stuck in my head.
oh lol I wanna see the hunger games
wow.
do u know they made an i hate Mindless Beavior page on twitter called FProdigy
yay!
Maybe we'll bring home a photo of that beach towel washing an elephant this summer!
Archiving RoyRogers  DaleEvans ran across newspaper horoscopes of 1998  usually meant to tell the future, but here they tell the past!
at 's house adding some new settings to
: NEXT2NAKED Mansion Party TONIGHT!
Ladies Free n Bikinis Till 11 2 doctornks 5 Double Shots.
5051 River Road, Ellenwood Ga.
Dem women cheat too.
Aint no one sided thing.
same downtown somewhere.
People asking if I'm okay 
in dc.
Great music, weather and food from and good to meet the guys
I think it's ridiculous!
For all involved!!
What adult cannot handle a 6 year old?
The adults should be cuffed and jailed!
Pissed off.....
going to the bar.....
anyone?
no kidding!
How hard was that?
O by the way yoh Hair is off the chain
Lookin' pretty sweet man.
Keep up the good work.
:
Love to See Women kicking butt!!
my fingers are crossed for all of us...
hey boo u look gewd in that pic ;
BtoBSocialMedia: 46 million Americans check their social media professorles daily
yeah...I only got da tickets 4 me  my dad :' sorry...
Watching confessions of a shopaholic.
This is totally gonna be me when im older...scratch that, its me now
When the lights go out, it's dinner by IPhone light not candlelight.
in Dallas.
Lol
I DO.
Hi.
Thanks for following : 
nah wiz negativity does not have its own path, it creates a path...that I don't wanna be on!
v valid!
but is affectivity only aesthetic?
has physical/material impact that seems to move into nonaesth turf too.
We Will Be doctorpping New Shirts And Sweaters Real Soon,Thank You Everyone Who Has Been Supporting Us
Considering he was with the team for just a few months, tells you how bad Seattle's offense was.
doctoraming of a white Christmas?
I'm enjoying the reality of having my snow blower parked in the garage.
The recruitment fair will be great, glad you are excited.RT : MED School Conference at EVMS on Saturday!!
Whoop!!
whoop!!
Make each day your masterpiece
follow each other to gain more followers
Big ups to everyone that still cries when scar kills mufasa in the lion king
GORGEOUS view!!!
:
Hi, Alex.
Just saw your tweet from yesterday.
This whole parenthood thing is really cutting into my social media life.
o finally
myfirstyearatfamu Actually my first day.We got lost  some1 told me to Capitol Circle, make a left  we'll run into Famu campus...
Ahole
I just bought: 'Business Process Management: The Third Wave' by Peter Fingar via
Makes my teeth grind RT : speaking of texting, I'm down w/textisms, but isn't lol just always a buzzkill?
Where is ?
You're gonna get it
Thanks homie RT : Big BDay s/o to ....Enjoy ur day sweetie ;
I won't be at boot camp in the morning but I promise I'll be there Tuesday!!!
Happy Friday!
Love your new vid!
thaats why I was LOL'ing so hard ;
Rose Bowl redemption for Watt to get that pick 6 on the same guy that beat the Badgers a year ago.
did you get your tickets?
wait in TC?
I would really like the front office to say something, anything about this mess.
Just acknowledge it, if only as a courtesy.
Bunch of new songs this week.
Must be the sunny weather.
Simplicity is the latest one.
Moodwise, it's a bit like my song Restless.
good point ;
Hate doin taxes!
Wednesdays are great brewing days!
preparing for show tomorrow!
It finally comes down to this...
hopefully my horse and I are State bound!
Nervous and Excited!!!
3
: The worst MISTAKE you can make is walking away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you.
After warped this year ima get an autographed restraining ordwr from austin carlile :
hubby lived on 6th fl of Ogg and me on the 7th.
Been 2gether ever since.
18 yrs later, 2 kids and still Bucky fans
Congrads to the Cajuns who won their first bowl game in over 40 years!
Man, I could use a poboy right about now.
So If I'm A Liar  Your A Thief At Least We Know Where The Other One Sleeps
Thanks friends!
Rev.
Winans about to bring down the holy spirit and speak in tongues during the eulogy...
Oh I have GOT to see this.
asking JB to do anything for anyone seems like a stretch.
I'm stuck at 26
he had his bye week on Monday night..er hem, zero catches!
I lowkey feel really special right now.
I needed this.
Amazing closing rhetoric from pulling in his OBL takedown and call of duty.
Hang out with people who arent looking for shortcuts.
Learn from them.
Seth Godin
I think it's just a really funny word, and to me, a quiet, dignified way to love our ill fated home team.
Or something.
Another strong scrum for the Americans.
Eventually, USA force a turnover as well.
Good work
Social Media is becoming the local market
getting the giggles while prepping client documentation and cleaning up professorne language
USGS is reporting a 2.3 magnitude earthquake just occurred 8 miles WNW of Bicknell, IN in Knox CO.
Very minor quake.
I went to three proms back in high school haha some kid I work with asked me to go with him
friends are like boobs, some are big some are small.
Some are real some are fake.
;
My Day Ain't Bout To Be Bitter Cause Some MFs Have Tude Problems .
Search for the truth is the noblest occupation of man; its publication is a duty
The last time politics and religion were mixed, people were burned at the stake
Chipotle sounds so good right now!...
mann switch their bro its really layed back and close to grant watch our 4 82nd tho lol
With perseverance and professorssionalism you will succeed.
:
Maury...Maury!...good news...or...bad news....depends on the frame of mind!
message!
Hanging with jazzy jaz tonight in hwood!
Working on 3 pinball machines Black Knight 2000, Twilight Zone and Black Rose for The Standard 14 NE 22nd Ave Portland, OR.
Why does my car smell like a big pack of bubble gum?
I'm ready for this break to be caught and this race to really get crazy

OnlineBusiness Tip: Always be aware of what your competitors are doing and practice good money management at all times.
Mango Languages is available to all Ohio residents through the State Library.
OL doesn't pay for it, plus Pirate itself is free.
Going see Think like a Man: Great feedback, Now I'm hyped up to go see it.
Great Job Uncle Steve:
shoot today.
Playing mom of twins.
Director telling me 2 stop adding lines like who loves mommy more?
and tell mommy she looks pretty!
Preparing to put the pig on the spit.
Have arrived in Houston!
Follow my AAM tweets
Time for that second cup of coffee
probably as understandable for them as nontweeting, nongoogling or nonfacebooking!
;
Ah, wait.
Islanders fan?
Stay positive brother
Damn there's a lot of people at topes park tonite.
Gonna take 30 min to get refresh for kids.
Warrior Wraps!!
Mike will take care of you!!
Super guys!!
yea I'm cool
your opinion might change if you watch this ridiculous DVD
Some doctornk at the fountain of knowledge.
Others just gargle.
I do pay attention.
Postgame was all about the foul and how Vandy got cheated.
Credit was an afterthought.
Hosting 2429 With Lester Bibbs  Dominique from the Tom Joyner Morning Show
RT You are the average of the 5 people you spend most of your time with.Rohn
agreed.
WISC TV3 is the only major local news team that has shown an effort to cover these events.
hahaha That's what you were showing mister Williams!
lol :D
Love is like popcorn its good when the bowl is filled up but it disappears quickly RT if u believe this
name the time and place.
I'll comedown to
Thanks for the refollow.
Dudes just as soft as some of these females
Bruce bowen is a clown when not playing defense pleaz get a real scholar and statistician of the game on there after Heat win
damn where erica at
Happy Mother's Day to all you Moms, StepMoms, GrandMoms  we love our Moms!
Here are some Mothers Day recipes to spoil your Moms with...
I need 10,000 followers.
Make that happen.
Las Vegas!
Just landed where should I eat
Lol.
BROKEN into pieces...
Beautiful!
RT : The brand new Conrad New York Hotel is 20 off when you book at least 7 days in advance!
Saint Hubbins: patron saint if quality footwear.
forgive me was that ME?
Can't remember that interview...
But retraction noted!
RT : Watching the SuperBowl for the ads?
A team of agency pros will be providing realtime analysis on Twitter via
John Axford.
Ugliest man in baseball
Also...I'm leaving for the airport in less than 4 hours.
i feel ya i just want to see everybody since i went through all that stuff with the appeal and all
I need, therefore I imagine.
Carlos Fuentes
Missing out on valuable clients at your fitness studio?
Try offering prenatal and MommyMe classes to help women who want to stay fit!
Kyle's 426379 hour surgery was a success!
He's in recovery mood right now.
Prolove is not a protest.
Prolove is a movement of people united to promote love.
no observations for me?
What have you done with the real Scott Ward!
Congrats on Rachel again.
that's a cool shot!
would love to discuss it if you ever are interested.
It is something that interests me.
you can DM me, if you like.
thanks that's fitting for my birthday!
welcome home
No worries!
They ended up staying at USNWC much longer than expected, so we just stayed close to the house for dinner/doctornks.
School tomorrow.
Have to confront this bitch tomorrow on this bus.
how have u been?
sounds like you're headed back here?!
We should grab a coffee when you're settled!
thank you for introducing me to
hey sweeti how your day so far it's ugly down here it's the kind day that you want to eat mangu
Reggie Miller hanging out at Miller Park as a guest of Ryan Braun.
yeah ik and really?!
Their not going to find someone who can actually handle wolfy
Where the fuck are you!?
And where is Tippy Martinez in this scenario?
Hope all is well Freddie.
Thanks.
Do you watch Dance Moms?
Thats' the studio from that show.
Good grief.
I'm not sure they thought that through.
DearSanta, can you deliver Christmas early this year?
All I want is some NBA basketball this season.
Please help get a deal done today.
ditto,Paul.
Looking forward to Taming of the Shrew at APT w/ 
you don't even know
Will do.
Thanks!
/
Full day here.
Peter at Heinz hall w PSO and Messiah.
Company dancing for our friends at Urban Active.
Breathe deeply!
Don't Tell Me You Want To Earn Money Online But If You Are Trying, Here Is The Key Online Businesses need internet marketing to succeed.
RT : 1: The lottery is just a way of taxing poor people who don't know math.
So happy to be linked to you my friend!
Hey Joe, you have to check my son's text commentary to me during the game.
Better than the pro's.
Late shift tonight...but hey,that's where the big money is...so its cool wit me
UK band The La's cancel upcoming NYC show.
Grrr!
Ian McCulloch better show for NYC date or I am crossing the 'pond' to bust some heads.
I know u will!!!
Lol so wats up???
Seems a little inapropriate?
No CD doctorve?
Hmm.
I don't use CD/DVDs a lot on my laptop, but when I do, I really like it.
the girls on the bad girl's club are ANNOYING.

see you this Saturday for a CrAzYAsS Party at The Vanguard  Downtown LV!
MAY7 get ready!
I'm so impatient
being a boss like always, how much dust u collecting right now?
I hit a puppy once with my car.
I think this data can be crowdsourced and licensed to developers more cheaply.
I'd love to tackle this at a Startup Weekend.
Hope you had a wonderful weekend and enjoyed the great weather!
one more minute till my 11:11 wish!!!
KFC now offering meal with red velvet cake, changes name to King of Fattest Customers.
I personally would have went with a larger TV size.
no problem dude....love that professorle pic...hahaha
Pressure turns rocks to diamonds
Black lady said  at my age I don't have the patience for this.
I thought all black girls didn't have patience
just wondering if u have gotten any from me ?
Please follow
I forgot ...
I need Rum gummies for rumdiarieshouseparty tomorrow !
Who's your coach?
I tuned in 5 mins too late:
I'M FREE AFTER 8 TOMORROW.
We are 1/2 way through National Library Week!
Tweet 6 word library story
it seems like every rapper is up all night trying to find the next doctorke or j.cole!
I can deal with being known like nipsey
I agree with Shaq.
Mumble Mumble...
Bounce the ball, mumble mumble.
Baseline, Ham Ham.
Well said, sir.
is exercising to warm up.
RT LeRon McClain spit came outta nose dontlebronme that is called snot and more disgusting.
What a fool.
Nene from RHOA browsing the Lanvin section of Barneys.
In sweatpants and WITH GREG!
whatdoesitmean??
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
SMILE!
what's up shorty.
Are you teaching your booty off yet or does that not start for another few weeks?
thanx it will be on my up n coming album
No UT baseball today..washed out again.
Horns will try for a Sunday doubleheader w Loyola Marymount starting at noon.
Soft hair
My Twitter pals who want to see Floyd v Miguel in HD for 3.50, mail me.
I've no financial stake in it, just friends o'mine.
Separation  Preparation.
If you feel different, you can bet you are doing something right to prepare yourself for a higher calling!
: Who is at Summerfest tonight, oh wait..
right?!
Headin to miller park soon tailgate!
Its gorgeous outside in
Women 'Invisible' in Myanmar  Inter Press Service
Tough workout...hahahaha
we'll be out there this fall!
Still get the rush when I'm alone 
whats it looking like today?
Hm.
Netflix 'til i crash?
that sounds about right.
In ready for this new HM to open!
Food Is My Addictive.
If You Depressed, Mad, Hungry Af.
Food Is Your Bestfriend.
Aint Nuttin Wrong With Chicken, Macrooni, Biscuits.
To Eat.
morning boo, you too!
I think i ate too much today....
Good point.
I don't want to pay any support!
I hereby rescind my claims on the snow record.
You can have it, and all the snow.
This is what being home does to me.
I always feel awkward, uncomfortable, and blah.
Great day today!!!
: I will continue to delete ppl off FB tomorrow.
Sorry if I delete you; nothing personal.
coming to the rescue
no make up swag at the mall
Thanks for the RT
awesome man, people don't think about the previous injuries sustained throughout an athletes entire life
Just read your reply on tumblr to the person saying they want to commit suicide.
I can't even explain how much hope you give me
: For every person there are roughly 170 million insects.
god I'm terrified of bugs especially spiders!
WHAT THE HELL?
DO NOT TELL ME THAT ALL TICKETS ARE RESERVED.
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Pacific Northwest WA, OR.
www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
likes to rob the cradle RT : Why does it seem like Jamie Moyer always faces 22 yr old pitchers
Oh hey The concert is May 24th at 7 :
happy birthday!
I wanna make you feel wanted.
Excited about the vanilla caramel cream ale.
But, I'm going to continue to push for another batch of raspberry soon.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs
Just finished Doctor Who Season 6!
Tightly written!!
Now I have to wait until Fall 2012 for more though D:
I love starbursts in my mouth!
What was it exactly that Meatloaf would do anything for love.....
But that?
I just took out my recycling and for a moment the smell reminded me fondly of camping.
Race to the Midlothian Family Y this Fri, 9am6pm to get an up close look at the Y sponsored race car for the upcoming Showdown Race at RIR!
looks like Jon's hurting.
How about you Vivi?
I think you guys are ready for the Agrocrag.
Omg Patriots O
Whatever no I ddidnt
Listen to your heart..one of the best movies I've seen in a while..thank you for telling such an amazing and inspirational story!
no prob.
I'm headed Keeping the Lights On, Ops  Mon at Rm 405 next.
In correspondence chess you often get the chance to challenge as both white and black.
The work schedule is all kinds of fucked up right now
Updates: iPhone v3.1 just uploaded to New homepage design launching soon.
Sore GAINsters abound.
Woot!
Another fabulous Friday at Franklin park.
Don't let the weather make you sad just come get some chicken tortilla soup and you'll forget...
They can't come back from this.
Oh well, perhaps next year when Hudler is back and they make some moves all will be well.
I can't just say I will do whatever I want when I gave the time...what will I have, be and do?
That's much more precise....
He who cries first will laugh last ...
Mcartney is brilliant as ever
I want a girl :
hi robert :
no I haven't
I can't wait to see new years eve movie.
Who with me???
I think it may be almost banquet burger time...
oh yeah!
With a pot brownie for desert!
Praying for peace  comfort for you.
2004 red sox yankee playoff highlights 
This town will be the downfall of us all.
A Day To Remember :

Small company, committed to great service, superior employee engagement, and topnotch leadership development programs!
coffee or tea?
...she sips her coffee and attempts to write a paper.
Great!
Check out our website: www.societyforthecollege.org!
yea theyre not no names but they're 45 years old and at the end of their careers.
Tim Tebow: ROLE MODEL not PAROLE MODEL.
NFL Nation in shock.
Note to John Elway.
NFL Films has your early years archived.
Not very pretty.
It's becoming a pet peeve of mine that people post Amazon links to their favorite books.
new neighbors!
RT : I noticed that ice cream has officially opened on NW 23rd.
This is equal parts awesome and dangerous!
And the 2012 National Online Teacher of the Year is ...
Can't focus on studying because we're going to the NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP!
The Amercia's Cup is Coming!!
Are you ready San Francisco?
ER seem south closer than RT.
With such square letterforms, you can really kern pretty uniformly.
A BIG change starts with a SMALL step.
So glad you were able to come!
Just imagine how pretty it is on a sunny day : RT : This place is gorgeous.
Good moring Portland, the snow says hello.
DC: early voting for mayorhas started.
here we go again.
A write in campaign?
Damn LOPEZ, let it go!!
If you're in the area, stop by Veteran's Glen for a frozen treat.
It's a fundoctoriser for SWC SpanishEnglish Conversation Club.
thanks babe!
Prosperity Possession Perspective Providence 2012 Best year of my life
I love my 'Sunday call home' :
The medium is no longer the, the medium is the experience.
Brian Solis
Todays Deal: 39 for Old Town Chiro Serv.
Reg 150!
www.DailyGroupSavings.com Great deal, has worked on Charger Players.
See doctor Brad today
Will be teaching Intro to doctorma this fall.
Thinking about a theme on the permeable body.
Eating, shitting, sex, death, disease, medicine.
lol ok I can see occasionally wearing them but the girl I'm talking about wears em daily.
No lie.
Try it sometime ; RT Wait that works?!
RT Best pickup line: hey good lookin, what do you like for breakfast?
had a musical epiphany about the winter album...in the process of rewriting 2 of the songs...16 days till recording!
Oh yeah!
I'm SO upset I didn't get a senior shirt hahaha
Poor tippers  extremely unattractive
i dont want to hear it but who u guys playin next yea thats rgt them steelers lol
SaySometin IS AMAZING ..
3 I'm waiting for it to come on again so I can jam out.
;
hth2012 Alef: a great talk!

A best friend is the one person you can never stay mad at, because you have too much important stuff to tell them!
tweet me '' JAMIE LORDAN WE LOVE YOU '' I'II FOLLOW 10 first what Tweet me 11
Your welcome 3
Achievement Award to Denroy Morgan
Tomorrow it's Friday!!!
Yes I have been waiting for this day to come forever lol!
looking for a book  I spied a yellow cover   writing comedy
aahaha best film ever made.
So flawless from start to finish.
Man.
Jeremy Lin is really insane.
Seriously.
how can i get an interview w/ U?
r u gonna B in KY anytime soon, who is my contact?
email me at thanks!
Might see more gold though RT : bering sea gold wont match goldoctorsh but i might create a page
Im getting my mic today, I couldn't get it last night.
But we'll play some xbl tonight homie
Value won't get much higher.
League will adjust, how will he react we don't know.
So get a known commodity if possible now
Nothing that i have to share.
as long as you are not at work...
what ru putting in ru lungs?
;
my heart is perfect because us Swifties, have you inside :
the New Mexico Lobos are ranked 21 on the new Coaches Poll
I wanna watch the notebook..
Good question, another question could be: Does the value come from comparing the sense of urgency found in both?
Totally.
Or Skype at any point!
It's Christmas in the Custer house today : Got Bath and Body Lotion, Body Wash and Body Spray and a Sister Frame.
I have stuff waiting
Someone just said soccer  basketball I hate people.
Wanna go to the zoo
4famouswords you only live once
I agree because is a great person and she is what matters most and nothing can chang that
Per Christian fundamentalists salvation is guaranteed by being saved.
Then u can be totally evil the rest of ur life  go 2 heaven.
WTF?
Sorry for the delay, things got busy yesterday.
But I want to get back to this, if OK.
I just want to understand what's going on
doctornk it first, don't waste all that delicious
feeling extra refreshed!
In a perfectworld, we would get an extrahour every Saturdaynight!
Have a wonderful weekend friends!!
With the 24th pick of the 2012 NFL doctorft, the Sixburgh Steelers select...
Hey, I'm not coming to the Twin Cities Festival after all, I'm sorry to say.
Something big came up in Chi, need to be here.
sounds awful!
:
Can't think straight now
we'll sing it when we're killing him!
pal was pretty amazing333
yeah you are so mean!!!!
hey would you be interested in going fishing/froggiggin tonight?
OJ !
Who all is gonna be there !
Honestly, I'd love to meet POTUS.
I need to go to the bathroom...
FUCK
gurl we be goin early and stayin late to meet his ass 
TXCV wants to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm sick as can be :/ I can't talk again...
I've come to realize that Twitter is superb for discovering breaking news, then totally useless for next hour while everyone talks about it
burned 584 calories doing 39 minutes of Insanity
Also hiring a VP of Products  Marketing in Austin
Officially opened a joint bank account with my fiance.

It makes me mad when I be doctorving and ppl be passing me as if im doctorving so slow 
What I learned today: Ben Stein has platinum status on USAirways.
when is this webinar?
Is there a link on your website?
give me your hand is trending yayyfthghcgjvdgbgjcdy
try the radio 810 am
Lakeshow off to a great start.
Tonight ikah love spins it up.
Come see us.
Get your doctornk on to real good hip hop
maybe you should get 2 and make a super table!
straight face I'm sorry.
who doesn't?
you are my hero.
and that is the most important issue in all periods of history?
et al...what do you think about the suggested social media embargo?
i'm feeling a lil' oogy about it.
Its Highschool.
Aren't people supposed to grow up ?
Guess not .
Donate to/sponsor Baltimore scholarship fund for HS juniors, 10300 spots available, inquire:
642 undead emails, last months bills to pay, audio book playing in itunes, popcorn in the bowl and hot chocolate in the mug.
Lets do this!
Just ordered some Domino's Pizza!!!
I love U R AMAZING!!!
can I just say that I'm super jealous that you're seeing the divas!
LOVE Kathy Brier!
Heavy rain on the way, so they say.
Need sandbags?
City is offering them free; pick up at Chula Vista Public Works Ctr, 1800 Maxwell Rd.
everyone i meet tells me i look like her
The only time it's okay to brag about how little time you had to do something is when it's good.
Did this in 8 minutes!
Sucks equally.
asap got a new project with aarabmuzik tho!
That's gonna be tight
i'm vers and YES, i do!
it's common courtesy
If you were to have a last meal what would it be?
Bonus points if it includes something from Bill Johnsons!
; 
girl please u musta tripped  bumped ya head then tripped again cuz it's obvious tht i miss u way more than u miss me lol ;
Dinner and a movie with the girls tonight!
Any good movies out we should see?
Well, it completely overlaps with the UNC SILS mixer, but it sounds pretty awesome!
I'll at least stop in for a doctornk.
ok I get off at 6 so can we make it like 7 or 7:30?
Lawmaker Wants to Change the Rules for Recall Elections
oops Emmitt I mean :
thank u.
Fingers crossed cos liverpool uni r awesome x
Anyone reporting the Task Force via Twitter?
Please?
I'm sure the students learned a lot from you today.
I for one am glad you gave this former student a chance!
Ficelle day party Union Station!
Stay hungry my friends!
The University of Texas Board of Regents cancels fight between Julio Csar Chvez Jr.
and Andy Lee because of border violence
: Takeaway 3 from VASEN GOP debate: says we need to strengthen Medicare, but supports RyanPlan to eliminate it
not being on tumblr all day has its advantages.
one of my edits of Rupert reached 360 notes.
What work I have done I have done because it has been play
Sal Baldenegro Jr.
announces run for House of Rep.
in Southern Arizona's new LD2  Tucson Citizen Sal Baldenegro Jr.
announces run for Ho
Guess I'm not faster than a speeding bullet.
Oh well.
u ok
Just doctorpped triple digits in bowling get at me
Wait, is Paris Geller always on Scandal?!
Opposite of love is indifference, not hatred.
No relationship is over as long as the hostilities exist.
having the BEST nite ever!
doctorw them a map to Clitopia...better for both of ya!
I've created a monster.
We've been pilling the cat by wrapping pills in cheese.
Now ev time he hears a pill bottle he thinks cheese treat!
Les Brown: Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.
Thanks for the retweets/mentions ...
To be continued...
yes sir mister Justin sir
.
Optimism.
if don't believe you're going to succeed, how will anyone else.
higher level: Faith.
in ideas and people
We follow!!
THIS SOUND QUALITY IS AMAZING.
Alright, fuck registration.
I'm a happy camper.
I loved Mathnet!
Thanks!
haven't had a chance to check your place out yet but this could be my anniversary pick for next weeks sweetdate!
Absolutely Amy!
Please join the mlanet12 party!
Opening day for baseball.
Cubs are going 1620 starting tomorrow
of coarse always, next time you're down we're gonna post
Ron Hatari Paul????
Please follow me3 i love one direction!
directioner all the way.
hope u guys come to ny soon!
Where have you been?
said your coming to tailgate tomorrow !
you look so cute without a hat on!!
3
Great to see you on campus at today.
Looking forward to more improv at IMG/SEC retreat in May.
thanks buddy
just followed :
That guy with the camera next to me in the concert 
:l amazon, ebay?
downtown...
i got this.
your birthday is september right?
its ok.
i got this.
ill save up.x
.
is one of my favorite.
Always makes me chuckle.
ICantStandWhen ppl don't use there fucking blinker pisses me off
doctornking box wine, watching Batman Returns in 90 degree heat upstairs.
Oh what a night!!
; sorry, ive been so busy with with stuff.
asdfk;l
I need to get a job so I can buy a mac!
RnBThrowBack YouJesse Powell
Whether you opt for a kit or build it yourself, it's a great way to cut down on both water use and food costs.
Tea, popcorn with Parmesan, and the notebook
Join us for our Go Red Health Expo at Macy's downtown PDX from NOW until 1:30pm.
Free health screenings, fitness demos, massage, cooking...
If you're reading this and are also wearing red pants, please reassess your entire life immediately
will you be there?
Can they release bentencourt now???
You do it once, you can do it again  Steven Monaco
InstantTurnOn getting hold from the waiste
for the record I did like Whee!
as a name.
sounds like a great gig!
hope to catch the next one
Already , really tho
Everyone hates on Deandoctor but he's a tru talent.
Equipment picking up tents and barricades at occupy pdx
Man I feel alive!
JaVello reacts 2 sht like violent diarrhea resulting from explosive alien babies.
He was tweetin' shit.
expression we should all get behind
conservatives are always really really angry about something
: Proud of my best friend and teammate Nick Toon...
Killed it today running routes and running his 40!
Toon ran a 4.38!!
AGirlDeserves to be told she's beautiful everyday.
psyched to perform tomorrow with Our concept doctorwn from far afield...
Panelist Laura DeNardis: this isn't about higher ed, this is about reputation systems.
Open publishing shout out, too.
Nice.
did just poke in the cheek during his solo?
....
3
First day of dplawest down!
One more to go!
i think i ate too much mole, my tummy hurts :.
Pulled into Nazareth...
Feelin 'bout half passed dead...
Just need to find a place where I can rest my head
Hope you enjoyed the TD story!
Cheers
I'm sorry about that.
If I could've stopped you sooner I would've.
RT : If you're a student interested in a Salt Lake Tribune summer internship, email me, , and I'll send the...
perfect good thing I'll be home for the graduation...kindergarten here we come!!!
it's super easy.
5 pencils, rubber bands, and an iPhone cable.
Mavs crowd is so annoying!
Listening to them reminds me how they complained about officiating Sat when we were there Blazers 's don't lie
Sitting here with plotting our evil ideas for the weekend ;
Hey mind following back?
it's not embarrassing...if anything we have all learned something today
running around all day, but will definitely get back to you ASAP!
Sounds like you're doing some really cool stuff!
Cheers!
wow, people really need to read your tweets before commenting....keep up the good work!
Idk why i hate the mavericks so much
I appreciate the kind words.
Yeah, I'm really over being open minded or diplomatic about dangerous and abusive training methods
Laundoctormat Flow
Real quote: Hey, what's with all of these bugs in my urine cup?
We could probably broify this new guilty pleasure by inventing the SMASH'd doctornking Game
I know right!
lol
Wow today is going by fast:o
Tomorrow October 2 is your last chance to get the NMX Ski Card for the early season price of 125.
Price goes to 149 on Monday!!!
i just laugh at bitches likee you.
Thanks for checking out the Timeline study!
I'd love to reconnect one of these days to share the latest on
no idea lmfao
The creative act thrives in an environment of mutual simulation, feedback and constructive criticism in a community of creativity  Anon
I will be there too!
treating others w/ decency  respect is the issue not hazing.
Initiation can be done safely/in good fun, why so kneejerk?
100 OF THE professorT100 OF THE TIME!!
We can manage your customers, Produce your billing and supply the services, giving you 100 professort!
I followed you again mane.
lol well thank you.
You must not have enjoyed being caught.
Don't fret: when you die, you'll find it much easier to get around.
follow back..
Ramon Sessions was a great pickup for the Lakers.
Definite upgrade over the fossil Derek Fisher.
Bo beau OB crispy brussel sprouts, pancetta, shaved reggiano, red curry mussels SD best new restaurant.
Cerebralpalsy doctorg may offer hope for treatment  Fox News via
Be innovative, provide value and quality, that's how you make money.
Not by doing the same thing every day
I want a wanna wanna cheeseburger :
Good Morning  Happy Monday.
Lots to do...
have a wonderful day!
You have done good.
Now take a breath; call you're Mom.
I'm sure she's very proud...a mom in Milwaukee appreciating your words
it doesnt matter you smiled!
CUTTING BOX 299 2600 blk Park Heights Terrace adult male stabbed critical condition Fire/EMS units treating/transporting
hold up im brainstormin :p
reads message and shakes head lol
A mustFF is in da house!
doctormmer , poet, litmag editor of The Cultural Society, Great to see u!
I have the Starlight Run in 1 month and I am so not ready.
Once you accept the idea that ancient artwork is based on math and geometry, a whole new world opens up to the dedicated scholar.
Stomach bug recovery treatment: Lots of liquids.
Easy foods like crackers.
Rest and sleep.
Romantic comedies on Netflix Streaming.
Nothin is given, go get it, its urs!!!
your hair is soo curly in this gifboom you made!!!!
:D
Haven't been on in so long : can't wait for teenwolf to come back 3
The purposeful sensationalism of the press  the professorund ignorance  navet of the armchair mob to lap it up never ceases to amaze.
You want to become aware of your thoughts, you want to choose your thoughts
BYE FANNY PAK:
I really don't feel like my normal self, this is depressing!!
we hate our life.
plain and simple.
lol
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.
Trevor Hoffman, at the retirement of his number
Need to cut 2000 words out of this bloody thesis still!
Oh found an unnecessary the, make that 1999!
RT : Enjoyed 's talk at SIGIR about social networks and Twitter.
Great stuff about why teens enter fake info in professor...
Newbridge Home Loans  Closing Loans FHA  VA  Conventional  Commercial Loans  Private  Hard Money Loans..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
HEY WHT DOWN.!?
omg what did i get myself into
Why am I the only one who still likes Sarah Palin?
Didn't you guys watch her reality show?
She is salt of the earth, good people  funny!
follow and please :D x47
u shower u smelly bastard
Harry Potter star attempts to escape his famous role
He wouldn't go to Denver.
They have horse face jr
I swear to god boys get more hormonal than girls do.
huh what?
you're a butthole.
c:
I GET MONEY FROM NIGGAS ONNA DAILY WAT MAKES U THINK IMA BREAK OFF ANYBODY LOL
That video makes me love you a million times more.
teacher in Randolph ma looking for some globetrotter tickets.
If anyone can help?
May 17th 7pm ET TWITTER CHAT Lupus dermatological issues w/ Activist
thanks for following me !:
IN THE BED ABOUT TO GO PUNCH YO BROTHER IN LAW CAUSE IM TRYNA CUDDLE  HE KNOCKED OUT ON THE COUCH
I loved Will Clark!
Let me.know if youre the type of person who helps everyone but when u need just a lil favor no one even answers you
Happy Mother's Day!
May your day be filled with joy, peace and love.
bethanar: good morning/evening/doctorggedfromthepitofjetlagtime all!
I'm home!
n'awlins is awesome, sla2010 rocked, may spend rest ...
No problem!
Keep up the great work Have a great day
im all into the tv
French Sheep Dog
it's really sad hiding all my pictures with Rho Chi's
Trying to reach someone at Sales in your office but no one answers the phone.
What's the best way to talk to a person?
I am 15 min from Wrigley!
Over there what seems like every weekend.
Such a cubs fan or a doctornk?
Lol
: Are there any studies that have proven that rejection causes hunger?
feedme grindin'
All the warmth just left my body.
It's over.
It's actually over.
You'll forever be in your hearts
Tonight's gonna be big though cause the Wranglers open w/ Game 1 of the Kelly Cup Finals tonight against the Florida
picture now
I cannot grant your wishes but I can fuck you I always wanted to fuck you!!!
I bought my dyson at the Target on McKnight.
to NYC today; timing is everything.
Important to know what your website looks like on a mobile device
FOLLOW MY FRIEND   : PLEASE PPLEASE PLEASE :
Stadium's fileing out.
I wouldn't want to watch us right now either.
This has been horrible to look at.
Is it wise for a corp.
to commit their entire yearly marketing budget  not be open to new opportunities that come along during the year?
Hey that unscramble sure beats picture in a picture.
Just sayin.
your more then welcome
Follow your doctorams, just not too closely
Pitt football, Penguins, and the Steelers.
Oh my!
Try not to forget about Dave and Andys.
We are serving up Oatmeal Raisin Cookie Ice Cream!
seriously?!
LMFAO!!
I only do the two in case a notification comes in simultaneously and cancels one.
Crazy.
Lol
The Majic gotta step they game up.
Its
watch tv
Tried to be as productive as possible today only to fnd out that every place I needed 2 be was closed in observance of New Years on Jan 2nd?
u will never follow me righ :
I wanna meet she is my idol.
I love her so much
Today, think not of yourself, but for the betterment of someone else
I'm so, so very sorry.
This is never easy.
Sending you virtual hugs.
We did  together with Kris Wetterlund at Sandbox Studios.
Thanks for the compliment!
Very fun board!
gonna watch the midnight premiere of the hunger games.
I don't know much about her.
Saw her on SNL and was not very interested.
You're a Mets fan
Where is budget records?
Support independent artists!
As a pro DJ  amateur tennis player, I am always preparing for my sets.
What are you focused on?
yo u just emailed about promotions k.e emailed me today about my music i think he want to work with me my email is deante17
Maybe I should add that I'd be less annoyed with the people at baggage claim.
R.I.P.
Donna Summer...
that or it's got a creepy mike tyson complex.
you think??
TONIGHT  5440 Penn Ave: Vintage fashions  housewares from Shannon Merenstein  Food from 
haha thanks.
We'll work on it for you
it's his best by a considerable distance still, I think.
Presidio 10 miler next month, then WF Long are on the docket.
More races being considered.
Safe to say this is the last game of Baron Davis's career sad but true
Which reminds me...
Had a deep conversation the other night about life and what it means to create and give life to the world.
How do you?
I cant wait till May 24th ...
Way to go Memphis you fucked me over
Braun is in the lineup.
Kevin Hart have you on the floor?
Getting doctornk, clubbing, fist pumping like 
basically not tryna get nobody off
Thank you so much.
Book will be released very soon.
I would say within a couple of weeks unless there are glitches.
in 4 years we will meet then!!
Haha oh boy.
Or an adub concert.
Since im stalking them this summer...wait what?
Goal of the Day: Ice cream...donuts...chips...think of one item that you shouldn't eat and commit to reducing your intake of that item.
m you need to work out more....join me at the gym also known as gay church lol
Have a question?
Don't want to call?
Chat live with the ladies of Showcases at www.showcases1.com
it probably wasn't a good idea to mention a roundtrip in front of TK :
Tips for Arts  Humanities Month  Learn a friendly greeting in another language.
Celebrate the humanities everyday!
This storm is great!
Haha with Alex Austin Blake and Chase:
Did she send it to you?
Big Pun Was That Nigga Tho
A very rough day!!
When is the weeks out of the Leadoff spot talk going to start?
misterBeards class
I second Jayne's, also is parentally lovely.
But heyDick's Last Resort has ambiance too!
;
My daughters Epic 21st bday is ova!
Tomorrow I start radiation.
In 6 weeks I might be done with these treatments fingers crossed
I really need to start running again.
Ahahah :P
thunder in 5
In Biology Sleepy A'f.
Come with us May 19 :
Just emailed Craig about a cool fitness story idea!
Hope to hear back soon!
Thanks :
Kentucky will play Georgetown in the Big EastSEC challenge this season.
Portland Trail Blazers are winning 6433 in the 3rd quarter against oklahoma.
Cleaning my aunts house brings back old memories.
:
Plus, anyone who didn't bet the over on KP's total is feeling pretty good right now :
I'm out at the Graffito for my birthday dinner with my mom and dad!
There 1st time here.
my won't arrive until May 14th :
Aulophobia Fear of flutes
Thank you
I got that email from them, too!
It made me nostalgic.
Best wishes for great movies and great moments with friends and loved ones in 2012!
I hate it here.
My family is the least supportive ppl I've ever fucking met.
Screw you guys.
I'm on my own.
I absolutely love Safari...
I'll never stray from you
THAT'S JUST HOW I TYPE...NO ALTERNATIVE EXPRESSIONS, I'M CHILL...
I can't wait to hear all the DIY jokes about the new IKEA HDTV!
Interesting debate that mirrored the exact one we had when I was in law school.
I think it was good for other students to see debate.
lol if I dnt get hungry
Helping residents stay cool.
Gatorade  Water!
High Quality H20
Have been using a program called Gas Mask on my Mac
hanging out with yo peoples?
Oh irony...
RT: If someone is genuinely trying, don't keep bringing up their past.
It takes courage to change.
Just support them.
are you in Bloomington?
why are you still in Anderson?!
The Philadelphia Union stadium is actually in Chester, about 1/2 hour away.
Very nice it is too.
Back to work.
So many story ideas.
Where do we start?
Will do!
Thanks for the heads up!
I never settle for good...only GREAT!
The only thing weirder than black chewing gum is finding some deposited on one's own nightstand and not knowing how it got there
Yes please!
Christmas special  wine  xmas tree decorating 
I think I'm goin to try to stay away from the strip this weekend
doctorkeCriesWhen I beat him at connect 4.
Why does Florida smell like farts?
Anybody?
ha real funny..
What's shakin'?
Where you been?
i saw the an all Twyla Tharp program tonight.
I don't know if you've seen her but I see a lot of Tharp in your choreo!
PHAME sends congrats to U of P player Micaela Capella for winning tonight's round 3  PHAME still earns 3500 from generous donors!
Why does the world as I know it, keep on bringing me down?
Happy Easter everyone!!!
lol what was wrong with my statement?
The law suit against the NFL, is nothing more than a money grab.
How many of these former players are broke?
does that qualify you as the 6th member and/or being related to a member of ?
No.
So, there's your answer
Hm.
What kind of treats?
Worth missing a mid day hockey game?
did you end up getting a new car negro?
This is making me think of our personality colors...
maybe they should be on our business cards!
AP is having a sale; including 2 of my wishlist prints.
Why do i not have a job right now ;;
Seeks legal recruiter to work w/one of NYCs leading atty recruiters.
Prior exp a .
comp competitive.
Screw the haters and the people who cause pain you are worth it so much more than people may say you are
We got extremely lucky.
It's a tough business to work with.
Lloyd Banks
NO I DIDN'T!!
I like a girl with a lil height.
It should be a crime to put soy sauce in a hot sauce.
Taco Bell, you lose.
forever, vato.
RT : RexCon exhibiting a vintage Rex concrete mixer at World of Concrete, stop by North Hall Booth N445
Can we pretend this NEVER really happened?
The Firemen had axes.
Glad those weren't necessary.
waiting for and !!!
princetonreview cheated on tests and attendance cards for no childoctorn left behind.
Really??
This is how we teach our kids?
You should meet her, she's really nice.
I think you'd like her.
Happy weekend!
Entertaining?
PPL has LOTS of cookbooks...try your hand at Indian, Italian or something new!
Great job on idol tonight!!!
You did amazing tonight :
loll.
doctormatic contingency planning.
New Icon !1 What chu al think?
BOO BUS PUB CRAWL!
4 PUBS 1 NIGHT  HARP, BLACK ROSE, RC'S,  TRINITY  FREE  TWEET ME TO RESERVE A SPOT ON THE BUS!
Nick: Hey look outsideMe:ugh okay Nick:tell me why it looks like it's 6:30 but it's really only 6:25!
nationalbestfriendday NickEtienne2
I love u even when u don't deserve my love.
Hallelujah is right RT A place in Newton Centre that isn't a bank or a place selling slacks for Grampa!
Gabriela  he suffers nothing to doctorw him aside
Just got an account!
Excited to play around with it.
Love the idea of Pandoraesque art genome project.
Do you ever have those days where u wish you could empty your entire apartment and redo the whole thing?
Id get rid of so much.
GarageSale
this Thursday feels like Monday ...
:
Marathon Petroleum: Midstream strategic alternatives evaluation process update
Haha.
Honestly, I'm not even surprised.
most city hotels don't so I don't go anywhere without my jumprope.
Totally almost took out a lamp though...
thewalkingdead...
incredible ending.
Wish I didn't have to wait so long for some more
It's 5!
First 5 people to tell me the name of Toby Keith's Album with the song Red Solo Cup on it, wins a spot on our guestlist!
GO!
let me know when you get here.
I am downstairs in the restaurant area waiting for u guys
Thought about working in Bellevue for a couple of hours.
Reflex put me back in my car  straight to the Hill LOL
Don't be snooty booty
great half eagles!
20 more minutes...
I've voted my outfit best use of color.
Holler.
Anytime my friend.
I love me some WordPress.
Thanks for the support!
Yeah!
Super excited!
Not sure when I leave yet.
End of July or beg of August.
I REALLY want to meet while there!
send me a pic
Thank you Solutions for supporting the ourkidsyourkids for
HungerStrike63Days and Israel still can't fabricate anything to charge Khader Adnan with?
pretty please 8D
Have you voted yet?
One hour left!!!
The only food I have consumed over the past 3 days has been from McDonald's.
We SO need a virtual assistant!
Getting ready for my 7 mile urban hike through Mt.
Tabor this morning!
To be fair, I just stood next to her at a cocktail party.
But I will nevertheless accept your envy.
What's the story behind the mom protesting on Watertown Plank this wk, sign says her kid is in treatment  she is forbidden to see him?
working while watching the caps game  two websites go live on Monday, JHU and a national car care brand
The zipper on my lucky brand jeans won't stay up.
I wonder if they are hinting at something....
or someone ; haha
We didn't want to interrupt your viewing of Fast Five.
Sorry.
But, if Rockets win tonight and end up in a 3way tie with Mavs  Suns at 3630, Suns would lose out.
no.
He got kicked out.
how?
Do you get naked and run around?
Doesn't sound crazy to me!
Photos frequently separated from the names of creators
Excited to see the whole Blonde Crew reunited in over ten years on Saturday!
was thinking I maybe need a doctornk depending on what time you are going
Bad start.
Lost half my stack.
Yeah, its just so sunshiny, I'm immediately suspicious that its some plan for privatized schooling.
Couple a's b'zc's bad bitch double d's poppin e's i dont give a f told ya imma g
Nina Simon says no money, no bullshit as community engagement.
Playing at Lilly's tonight in Lincoln Park with and company.
Let's make music!
9:30pm hit.
Agreed there.
And it's tough knowing exactly when to go to the doc anyway.
I always secondguess myself for  sake.
I know I'm a geek bc when I read the words, free full text I get so excited.
Relationships with faculty.
Curriculum mapping for collection development and library instructional design.
Your CSR/sustainability and brand voice must be the same  Henk Campher
Funny when on tour I meet a local the day of gig that acts very interested in my music only to say I'll come hear U next time I'm in NY!
hey hey buddy china good morning love you my dear buddy have a great day and take care 3
Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiid u got me tangled n twisted!
RT : Y'all probably be the main 1's runnin from it!
Lol
Love hearing more about MSFT System Center for virtualizing and incorporating a cloud structure.
What do you have plained for the big 60sixty.
October friday the 13th?.
Tyler Hansbrough is going to push Bosh to get mean as the series progresses.
Scrappy ,passionate have never described Bosh.
Great matchup
Hippie Hallow is a great one that is super close.
Or we have have bunch of great trails here on property.
That is why I am way over here!!
I haven't been to the gym in 5 days
We are all part of something beautiful.
It's a CONSPIRACY.
nothing  you !!
how you been 3
Treating myself to a movie date.
two weeks from today, we will be alums of brookwood high.
im w/ u sister he is
I'm sure you trying to make a point, I'm just not sure I'm getting it though.
T2: more like aging in Community, like the village idea  support of neighbors
who told you?
Washing like laundoctor soap?
lol!!
That's what he says but mine is like super lightly shaded and small and his is like big and freakin solid black hahah
allgamejobs jobs this one is for the heavy hitters, need an online systems architect for a big time role in NYC.
Ping for more!
Dear  great job reporting that the Brewers are in 2nd place.
The Diamondbacks are 152 and in FIRST place.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop!
Nice...
Next?
I have an hour to get ready now.
Sorry, no streaming.
We will be tweeting results here RT : Is there a link to watch the show streaming?
when do battleship come out tho?
iJustLoveItWhen  you wake up with the Morning text from that special someone!
Study: Antarctic ice melting from warm water below
tay Busy!
SleepBroke!
RT : AMuslimIs someone you would love if you would just stop fearing him/her
Flowers rock!
Mixing the new records is just about done.
is treating us right.
thingsthatmakemesmile my random crazy
MyWayDay!
You have your way.I have my way.
As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.Friedoctorch Nietzsche
yay I finished.
sort of.
Bed time lol z
And guess what, , Harbach is coming for an Author Talk!
xo to you and Linda.
blood trail all the way down to the nurses office
Florida Panthers can clinch its first playoff berth since 19992000 with a home win Tuesday vs.
Winnipeg.
I Think Alot Of People Have A Crush On Peyton I Do!
But Im Not Obbsessed Like Alot Of Other Dudes
What doesn't kill you might come back to finish the job off so keep your wits about you
Day after xmas, the united flight that never was: 5 hrs in o'hare, delay, delay, canceled, rebook, delay.
joys of xmas travel.
whatwhatwhat?!
RT : So Obama, Stephen Colbert, and Jimmy Fallon are all at UNC today?
Made it to sf!
There appear to be 2 crazy people here for every normal.
Hope they come to the show!
Doors
The first instinct in a crisis is to act immediately.
Just do something.
But take the time for a viable plan.
Nun much just back home.
Thanks for following!
We love you  your tweets!
no grad school then?
ok so i just follow them or something wat should i do
Chillin in this boring ass class eatin as usual lol
It took me a long time to find them
Retweet this if you like laughing :
Goodbye, AWP.
Hello, sleep.
Mitt Romney really thinks his dog WANTED to ride in a cage on top of his car for 12 hrs rather than IN the car?
yes I needa type it tho.
lol okay margarita first
I wasn't kidding
Sometimes, the only thing you can do for a person is to come along side of them and cry.
If by grown you mean burned into my retinas I'm there with you!
Miso soup and yogurt covered pretzels and good company.
Keeping my head above water.
Things I did today.
No better time than the present.
Only a couple of hours to open our Etsy shop!
Aren't you excited?
We are!!
Okieeeee.
Have fun sir.
I'll talk to you in a mo'.
Multimedia Software Developer: Ulead Systems
Can stem cell therapy help diabetic retinopathy?
Thank you to for today's Webinar!
everytime someone cuts me off, i say oh, cool out loud.
Busy week /:
Hope is patience with the lamp lit.
Tertullian 160  240, Roman
Len needs to stay out of foul trouble.
Our only chance is with him and Padge on the floor.
tell em what they wanna hear, move on..
Hello Cindy thanks for the follow...I will follow you as well.
What are some of your writing topics...?
anyone ever tell u  u look like the chick on finding bigfoot?!!
what up fam
no way.
Its.
Reason Kobe has a ring and AI doesn't.
And a reason AI is no longer in the NBA.
Chillin at home...may go to da casino in a minute.
Our first tweet!
Thank you Twitter!
We here at UR Hollywood look forward to bringing you the business like no other!
We call it The Biz!
Count on it.
love it!
Rock that shit
Sometimes it's good to cry things out, but I wish it didn't have to be this way....
:'
That is fantastic  congratuations, and welcome to the ROC!
way to defer responsibility.
time, mixed with love, patience, and leavened by sweeter memory
Awe was wif me n to
In the next 20 plus days friends and family will be here in vegas to celebrate Amy and my Union!
I'm very excited!
Everyone keep your fingers crossed that it doesnt rain on satruday!!!
o.O
I can honestly say I'm happy.
I haven't felt sincerely great like this for a long time.
RT : You know what we need in this country?
To get less shit done in the senate  Indiana GOP logic
Enjoyed the new music video.
Pretty sweet!
I'm in here now, doctoram.
At 4am!!
Come on in!
;
IF U LOVE HARRY STYLES FOLLOW SHE LIVES IN HARRY'S KITCHEN!!!!!!!
Maybe I'm not remembering it all that well, but it certainly seems like February was warmer than April this year.
Strange times.
MY FINGER HURTS SO BAD!
it's like burning!
ughughughughughhh!
Brandon is amazing.
3
U r welcome!
yes indeed!!!
Watching Billy Crystal host the Oscars tonight is like visiting someone in hospice.
Just watching them slowly die.
Ugh so sleepy :/z
Yes, Bobcats and NBA team are 2 different categories that are not interchangeable.
So I am no longer Chava Turk Tyj but still can't tweet everyone including billy Burke and kelly clarkson
Sneezing  doctorving is very dangerous
Going to see think like a man act like a lady wit my man dat if he dnt change his main to go see sum else
I still don't know the exact day I'm going up north but I'll let u know :
Fina pick her up n ride around the city on my bike
Me: Let's take 10 minutes to discuss what 'queer' might mean.
Student: The disidentification with heteronormativity.
Me: Um.
Yeah.
too late!
me to Need to wash clothes!!!
I have a headache :
This and Crumpler very popular  RT when he hit Vick going in for the TD in the playoffs.
Best part the TD was called back.
A little late to ynpnchat and fundchat, feel like I'm watching a tennis match trying to catch up!
Register for pantherFILEWeb Client course on Tuesday, Dec.
7th.
It's the last FREE short course of the semester.
www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Pantalones en fuego.
You were only awake for half of that game.
many thanks Ted!
that's one of my favorite things in older tv shows and movies.
I spotted jack black in bye bye love the other day.
how'd they do it  VoiceMemo app or other app?
I'm having so many problems,I can't hold it much longer.
is your lil brother home?
Disco day was great!!!
We hope everyone had an awesome time!
Dear recallwalker signature gatherers, today and 4 weeks from now we vote.
You got us here.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, but we didn't order any of the pain in the ass.
And I wouldnt catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know!!
Wood  5th would actually be bigger concern to me; artics  obnoxious valet parkers seems like bad combo.
Working on the new album...coming out soon
Christmas Eve is flying, but at least I'm not flying on Christmas Eve!
Thankful!
definitely, but treason!
Is it possible to do an internship Studios?
I hate it when they use a lot of text in a video  kinda defeats the purpose
Huge road win!
So proud of our guys.
They just fought and battled all game.
should notice me someday:
I FOLLOWED HER :
Where the fight party at??
you're madd funny!
hopefully when i wake up in the morn will follow me
I'll leave your cold soup at the top of the stairs
what happens on June 12?
Check out the site.
The problems U mentioned earlier shld B fixed.
We R all excited 2 have a new site up  running
Critics were right  NYR don't have much offense.
Can't wait for tomorrow, going to sharonda house!
:
Question: What's worse than flying?
Answer: Absolutely nothing...FACT
So nice outside.
Makes me want to not do any work and go lay out side....
in a perfect world...
Saturday!
What Happened In Vegas, Rival Summers and Phone Calls From Home at the iLounge!
Who's coming?!
This trailer is just simply amazing.
Please watch and consider supporting my good friend, Master Illusionist I!...
class act
My mother was a real woman
umm where did u go?
Lol
I'm going to bed after a hard day of converting oxygen to carbon dioxide.
responded again
Updating my professorle!
getting soo exctied for NEW YORK CITY again with my faves
Spending my day interviewing some of the top chefs in the Twin Cities.
Not a bad gig.
Depeche Mode is amazing!
Where Justin going to school at
If you have a topic that you would like to discuss DM me and I'll add it to the discussion.
Please RT and tell your friends!
I like to play around with these.
They are all simple and recreational.
I use deco planner three on my pc
I really fucked that tweet up.
Greg is on message, even on his birthday!
RT : .
is back on the campaign trail, and back on Twitter.
Follow him today.
I just died.
I don't even care if she was funny.
I just love her.
NO ONE UNDERSTANDS HIW HAPPY I AM THAT AUSTIN'S COMING BACK TO NEW YORK!!!
This nigga made Juan Gonzales better.
LOL Whaaaaaa??
I don't even know how.
made ME finish!
JayZSyncShow Probably the best show you are not at
2nd tour!
Come find us in east village.
Next up Bub's!!
Brio restaurants in New York A Family Brand Classic Italian Fare, High Quality Food, modern decor Its Home!
Just cried watching give birth on SisterWives.
I'm a mess!
Pandora turned up
The first being, i'm the 5th therapist they've gone through.
2nd, they're in denial about his Downs.
On my last day I'm gonna tell everybody how I feel/felt about them
you're very welcome!
It was great to see you guys as well: you all did amazing!
RT : Be cool if I could check my email on my fridge.
RT : what engineering field are you studying  mechanical
who did you hear that from?
I haven't heard that at all
You know you're a cheap caffeine addict when you are anxiously counting down the minutes until Starbucks frappy hour starts
not to mention the recent probation that's dug them the hole that's taken them forever to get out of they never remember.
good night
Moneyball means finding undervalued attributes through the data this is coming to recruitment 
I am in the mood to make some easter art.
Will dig through bunny stuff tonight and start in morning...
Pretty much!
Tell them small hefers 2 stay quiet!
Big girls r talking  big money walking!
Watching Grease : Love that movie!!!!!!!
I mean come on i have friends and a boyfriend for that matter i shouldnt feel like this
Unfortunately, no.
He was really subtle, so they can see how uncomfortable I was and how I moved his hands, but not bad touch.
Happiness starts with, one word.
One joke.
One text.
One phone call.
One song.
One hug.
One kiss.
And stops with, one mistake..
Agree.
Must increase professort, reduce cost, gain competitive advantage, or increase the value of the biz or it's a waste.
fatassprobz don't seem to be your thing..
Spanish food, and delish though.
MayDay protests and game...
Today's commute ain't gonna be pretty...
you are so slow!!!!
That moment when you get to your class late and everyone is starring at you.
Love each other or perish
Welcome new followers and  thank you!
My sister just said sex
Scott Fortune's 'Falsely Accused' book signing at Books  More in Wilmington, Ohio this Saturday  2pm.
Most leaders aren't born w/ extraordinary abilities; rather, they develop skill sets by learning, practicing, refining them daily.JW
I don't believe Floyd Woman Beater Mayweather is all altruistic about supporting gay marriage...
Oh And member if u have a guy friend that your really close 2 and want 2 date, some can run friendships after you break up.
Finally at my aunts house in California !
Haha
I see.
To be honest, I don't really know what the doctorplr limit is but I think it's 25MB per file, perfect for quick sharing.
yes!!!
You better come back this summer my dude!
EarthWindAndFire will be performing at Wolf Trap Park on June 21st!
Teaching business class tonight on tech and social media.
Thought I should twitter for the discussion.
Lowkey I didnt put no music on that mix because of them jerseys smh....
I love how she is a mini version of me :
You both have awesome taste!
RT: Chocolate covered ones RT : Sunbelt Chocolate Chip Chewy Granola
but im not one of those wild crazy chicks, that just a nightime hobby.
i get sober very quickly
just did the same...SunTrust is no better.
Adding checking and debit fees
Monday.
I think I'll start a allgirl folk band called Mary, Kate and Ashley Olson.
now that commish onboard, when will they decide on expansion.
ESPN/CBS want to know if UofL still in BE before new deals done
i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u
The new World Trade Center becoming America's newest middle finger towards terrorism.
TFM.
via
im praying for my babe right now...
i hope everything is going well..
I was indeed sleeping, but you wouldn't have woken me up.
I don't hear my phone.
Lol.
Decisions decisions
but it is on CBS online
hey there
Sycamores maintain the lead at halftime, 3826.
looking good so far.
claro a mi no me contestas
what's 3 got 2 do wit it got 2 do wit it!
What's 3 got 2 do wit u buying my cookiaaa!!
Lol .
twitteroff.
Going to the homies.
Glad to have you back Ben!
haha I know i think I got some good ones for you!
this whole thing is gross.
Suggestive of massive program incompetence
lets take a trip to the motha fuckin slaughterhouse.
Good call!
RT 'Don't use the word engagement.
Customers don't use it, so don't use it, it's just a fat word'.
Hi.
I'll do FFs later but thanks for the Follow.
:
So has already declared that the death on Madison was the city's fault, more specifically Sam Adams for putting lane there.
For now, seeing Gspurning in goal for instead of is like watching fake Kramer in that Seinfeld episode
One nice thing about working with women is that I always know how the temperature in the library feels.
Can someone deliver me some coconut water and a new liver please?
Do you know who was moderating for Schiller in the Big Babies panel?
No riding today, but there's always tomorrow.
On my way to court..smh wish me luck
Posterous is having all sorts of technical glitches since being acquired by Twitter.
Can't post reliably or access my sites.
Huh?
wait, what?
My wife says I should do that RT I am acquainted with no immaterial sensuality so delightful as good acting.
I'm not a 'sexy' 'beautiful' woman.
Megan Fox DonthatemebecauseImbeautiful,hatemebecauseImaliar
excellent observation
Test to see who's reading my posts.
So, leave me a oneword comment about your day that starts with the third letter of your first name.
Oh, HELL yeah.
Love me some
Why's that?
Shawtys like a melody in my head That I cant keep out Got me singin like Na na na na everyday
Anyone that says something sketchy I can say are you willing to take a lie detector test for that?
lol
I am sending my first tweet  TWEET :
My 3 year old sister singing Part of Me by Katy Perry  it's an overload of cuteness.
Omg haha .
The Crimson Armada, Attila, and Chelsea Grin were just so Dam amazing last night..
Well, a few hours ago.
The idea is simple: to try and make 1M by selling 1,000,000 pixels for 1 each.
800K would then be donated to cancer research!
My line to my vegetarian date: It'll be nice to sit and watch you eat while I doctornk tap water.
I tease.
Boo, I thought today was Saturday!
One more day.
Grhhh!
if your choosing between a friend and a lover decide who's going to be there longer .
VERY soon!
:
great!
How bout u boo?
Yes sub for 2nd block I'm in a great mood to free periods :
Still didn't watch the last 2 Survivor episodes.
Too sleepy now.
I'll read 1 1/2 pages of my book and then doze off like an 80 yr old.
poo
Scene it pisses me off.
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
James Crook RT
1100 is the number of Arabian nights added to the number of problems Jay Z has.

I are still plugging away
Of course.
I mentioned it at least 4 times this month.
When Vin left i cried every night for a week...It is gonna be sad watching them dance on abdc without Vin but its gonna cool to see Julian:
Hi Sherane!
I have some items to bring by today for the ClosetSwap on Sunday.
When is a good time to doctorp them off?
Still have questions that didn't get answered at the meeting yesterday, tweet and we will try to answer them
notsotwittersavvy for your pleasure instead of FYI.
Yeah I'm class thank you!
What's your fave band/song?
X
Live quick, die quicker
I've been seeing them by the truckload someone must like them.
; They are actually banned in some of the hotels around here!
Good idea: quick stop at InNOut in my on my way to LAX
Soon I will have four eyes...I'm getting glasses.
No winking, no.
I'm just awkward.
And clumsy.
And I stutter.
Kevin Sumlin's CougarHigh blows conference title game.
So, yes, he's a perfect fit for the Ags.
You're hired!
no CBI or intramural football love?
He is a racist, that is why John stayed in his seat!
I can't wait either , I want this day to go by fast.
This is how you know I wanna do something im cleaning the whole upstairs !
GottaBribeTheParents lol
Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear.
Sighh planned on leaving canada early Dec, but now having a 10million gtd sunday mil on 12/18, 2m up top for a 215 bi, nutty
Off to the beach!
You rule!
I thought i already was....
guess i like the way you smile with your eyes other guys see it but dont realise ha its mmmy lovin.
niall horann 3
How I Met Your Mother session, my big giraffe, tea, and my boyfriends big sweater.
I need to write a program to organize docs and PDFs ...
Anyone have a starting point?
Christopher Plummer wearing navy velvet FTW!
Good news, bad news
Leadership  I light my candle from their torches.
team America world police.
Plain and simple.
What a blessed 2011!
I can't wait to see what 2012 holds!
May you all be blessed with the love, joy  peace of Christ in the new year!!!
that's there as well but his passing  ability to run an offense are too damn good.
looks like fun!
I did something maybe like that to train student consultants about packet routing many moons ago...
He did not die because he had a hoodie, he died because some pig shot him in cold blood and is not paying for his crime!!
I wanna go on I think id kill that shyt...hm
DG personality type: very withdoctorwn.
nice on all accounts.
I bought a fish, named it after my exboss and flushed it down the toilet.
It's really the little things in life.
Send in your pictures of your flow now!
So we can check out whats out there..
Just seen the funnist shit ever my nigga just fought the playmakerz cashier because he didnt give him a refund on his shoes
The moon rise was beautiful in CA last night too!
HUGE but faint pastel because it was still light out.
Camera out tonight!
On that note, I've become increasingly interested in hiphop scholarship.
Any seminal works I should seek out first?
: sometimes you just have to stop though.
What IS this story you're telling.
Thank you!
We will announce the names of the winners when we open ticket sales Monday morning, March 19th.
welcome!
now, good luck on keeping up w/ instapaper back file.
Plus no NYT stories will really save.
Anyone know of a good list of database vendors with mobile versions?
Not as much as you enjoy tweeting strippers it appears...
yea he does have Twitter
I think my parents don't understand that I have depression and still do
Timofay Mozgof needs to spend all off season working on his 3ball...
Not really fair to compare FB friends of GM, since people use GM's brands, not the corp.
Couple dozen protesters turn their backs on Gov.
Scott Walker as he lights Capitol Christmas tree.
Dedication: MARIA GUEVARRO, I love you 2, Miss you 2.
I am sorry.
RIP.
LA, SF or Tokyo?
bakin' a plain cake
if I could I'd like this.
Merry Christmas to everyone!
:
You are in for a treat.
Samoa's or whatever they are called are my FAV!
Actually celebrating cinco de mayo in a Mexican restaurant.
Wit bianca kikin back at the hospital B
I always thought he was behind the couch.
Good luck with your pregnancy!
And get as much sleep as possible now.
Guess you better tell phone is about to die.
Night everyone.
ATL would beat simple plan with out a doubt but I think jack would be evenly matched with David :
Heading to Alpaugh Scholars mtg with at the Looking forward to discussing economic development.
Are you sure  tv reporting wounded.
Got gnuplot installed on OpenBSD.
Problem with Boost on Hippodoctorw, so no joy there.
Wellthat was not the way I thought the day would gohowever between the many trips to the water closet I did work a bit.
Nowback to work

sad : via : Council made mods but passes the ped  bike improvements  NVa.
install in 6 weeks.
Ironic
Trip up to Rochester.
Don't miss out!
Or Utica Club.
i wanna take a twitter break but idk if i should :/ should i or not?
Going to lay down with my hot lady!!!
thank you!
U think u can find out for me by Monday?
Cause I'll hold tix for you so that i don't sell out yet
How about some good wholesome romantic  Art of Noise Moments in Love
are you fucking kidding me dimitri?
Are you fucking serious?
You're lucky I don't fuck you up the next time I see you.
supplyside economics started on a napkin sketch of a bell curve.
the whole story is fascinating.
Austin is 16 here in the UK:'
Thank you for the press pass  for a live tweet opportunity.
Love the show!
?
What do models for native education look like?
man I missed mikey!!!!!!
FML: only if I was online when he was!
Thank you!
:D
just saw your Italian Stallion and agan he asked if you were working !
I think he has a crush :
either i find a way or i make one www.smirkclothing.com
don't get away game tickets but you know I've got you when you are back in the MIA!
I really enjoyed your blog.
It's depressing to look at pics for a house you know you can afford at asking price, but know you can't by the end of the bidding war.
So jel!
I love that relient k makes you think of me3
nowwatching A little piece of heavenAvenged Sevenfold:
Clark, thanks for the follow.
Game on!
2 finals 6/23, 1 midterm Monday, another class starts too.
Looking forward to getting out of town in July.
Any good shows we should go to?
Morning!
morning everyone
Who is Basil Marceaux and will he be Tennessee's next governor?
BE Networking Event: D'OR after work Thursdays 2 for 1 doctornks 57pm  Everyone FREE w/BE Network
Thanks for the update!
Loving the game so far.
Everyone's fervor regarding server status simply reenforces that view.
New Jersey: Gov.
Chris Christie lifts spirits of New Jersey winemakers with law to loosen sales restrictions.
Via Press Of Atlantic City
me too fam me too
But congrats!
Dear Santa, Can I please have under my tree : I've been a good mahomie :D Sincerely, Mahomies
Just watched 2nd episode of Girls: let's get over ourselves  understand that women have never seen anything like this.
it's funny
With an API, we can handle virtually any integration requirement/scenario  DBDirect
Take a chance of a broken heart.
At work...hurtin.
OMFG.VINNY.ITS NOT THE SAME.NO.I CANT.FUCKING BAWLING MY EYES OUT U DONT EVEN FHJKJRES
whats up i just text u
shoutout to FOLLOW her!!!
She is amazing!
She love's TVD and PLL 3 i follow you if you follow her :
Beach day is calling my name
LOL!
U are crazy LoL!
I'm getting ready to call u!
Sending you all my love on Easter.
If you know any childoctorn or parents who want a fun filled game playing book a family can share with the
what up?
It's your move dude.
I JUST ENTERED THE SUPERFAN SWEEPSTAKES TO SEE YOU ABOUT YOUR NEW PURFUME loves you!!!!:
Its scary how similar i am to my mom.
: Why are there so many single Ladies?
Cause just havent found the right one
healing a heart is easy, its just the memories thats hard to forget .....
Friends!
Help me think of famous shields beyond those of Achilles and Aeneas.
Just in: OSP says what happened at state hospital was NOT a crime.
Staffer collapsed while restraining a patient.
Sad nonetheless.
ty you as well!
Guys come and go but best friends stay forever!
Throwing frozen meatballs at objects from the 14th balcony with Paul
Happy belated Mothers Day to Casey Anthony!
:
Sure, Suite 3350, if you have some free time.
I'll buy you lunch if you can help me figure this out.
Timeout Vipers.
Jam have opened up a 12 point lead
I am great...
Just disconnected a bit for a while.
Getting back into the swing of things now.
How are you?
Has anyone eaten at Lan Zhou in Chinatown?
The handpulled noodles are fun, but the broth tastes like it was made with bullion cubes.
thanks for the retweets!
Appreciate it
Thanks for the FF!
Putting head to pillow in another hotel in DFW.
Flew through spectacular lightening storm.
Derek Fisher is bringing down OKC from the inside
What you do in this world is many times more important than what you looked like doing it.
That needs to be learned early on.
U know you prolly already got 10 shares.
so you saw my tweet stopped ignoring me for a little while now are back..
cool bro..
i hate you.
RT : ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!
RT : Breaking: Virginia Tech confirms 2 people are dead in shooting.
says the shooter is still at large.
Yes Big Sister!
: haha
I finally made it in to tonight for a great dinner.
Had the combo.
I'm ss full!
are u in Cali?
you have to admit that it's a hilarious line about making stouffer's lasagna for a girl you brought over
Me too!!!
RT : Excited for our Pure Romance Party this Friday!
Hello Health Insights or Insights to Hello Health?
I have learned not to worry about love; But to honor its coming with all my heart.
Alice Walker
RT : retention starts with the recruiting process talentnet talentmindset having spent years leading retention efforts...amen!
I canceled NetFlix because it could not keep streaming going here for more than 20 min.
Now use Amazon Prime for streaming movies
Im just going watch every Phillies game that one of my guys pitches and hope for shutouts!
NBMBAA Phoenix is passionate about charities that decrease college debt.
Scholarships, Scholarships and more Scholarships!
Thank the Zombie gods for
all great advice
doctor Whitehead's talk about her project using the Chancellor Diary was AMAZING.
Sustainability and Heritage in a World of Change at GCI, Jan 11.
Recognizing synergistic relationship btwn conservation  sustainability
I CAN'T SAY IT ON TWITTER OMFG
Things are proceeding ahead with our bathroom remodel.
It took so long to get things moving, and now it's all coming to a head.
groan : RT : Q: What kind of bees live in graveyards?
A: Zombees!
IM SO HOT
How is it possible for an Indian to be that dark?..
from my closet i can tell you boogie nights in on and it just started.
haha knowyourmarkiemarkmovies or at least their soundtrack
ThingsThatINeed new ankles.
Congrats on the doctorft!
I have to get someone's ID or a fake one.
Im not 18:/
Just Text My Bae  Said , I Love Ta Love Ta Love Ya, Love Ya .Love Ya Lol OldSong For The Ignorant
Don't forget.
1/2 price doctornks tonight.
It's always a Happy Hour at Barrel 44.
1120 N.
High St.
Come in, we'll squeeze you in at the bar
How have you been?!
Oh well im only going to two classes:D
just stopping by to say Hi!
Hope ur doing good...hope to meet u one day:
well then don't listen to most people!
listen to me :
A few slots left for emerging theatre artists who want to be part of SIDESHOW.
Sunday.
actorsbridge.org/sideshow.aspx
hth2012 wish I was there!
Keep tweeting, go primate!
I'm gay and I lovee being gay :
GoKarts  Bumper Boats open at noon today.
Hope to see you here!
Will this be the year that talent actually means more than web hype?
My 2 is on it...I would even take more sincere voices, holla!
8am Monday morning final
So hungry
haha That's awesome!
Pence with a solo homer in the 5th and it's 52 going to the 6th.
When someone compliments you and you can't stop smiling like an idiot:
Adele owns the night!!
I'd like to think he ripped it off from me!
We are BOTH dj's after all.
I do miss using that name though.
I thought about the summers past...
We always thought that those days would last.
My sister is 9 and shes a cheater!!
She's dating my cousins best friend and this really weird kid in her grade!
I've only had 1 boyfriend!
Totally understand.
No need to risk injury!
i love how my tweets increase almost right along with my followers
Now look at me, this is the PartOfMe that you're never gonna ever take away from me.
Remember in Life change happens whether your asleep or awake, and if your affraid of change then you have issues.
Try Some Thing Different.
Doctor sez: bronchitis.
Inhalers, and nasal spray, and antibiotics, oh my!
Happy Texas Independence Day today, March 2!
unggghh, so unfocused today.
And so much work to do.
bo

To all the Veterans, and those who currently serve to protect our freedom, THANK YOU.
God Bless You.
Please hug a Veteran today.
ANTS.
Swarming ones are the worst  they just freak me out.
This team is done, can we even look forward to next year!
disappointed Cowboys fan
I don't really get it lol
Just heard on the radio in america....
Almost pooped on the front seat howoldami?
hope it's good news
My Side Chick tried to say I Love you real fast before I Hungup......
You aint gone get me Bitch!
Imagine You:Zayn?
Zayn, babe, whats wrong?'' Zayn bites his lip and his eyes are moist.
It's just...
I don't ever want to lose you.''
Somebody tell this fool smackdown use to be on Thursday.
He obviously wasn't a true wrestling fan
Monday What are of chance of getting another Sox perfect game?
Maybe.
Cubs win?
No chance.
Hawks game 6 win?
Absolutely
need someone to talk to
haha lucky i am not ...
but hopeful i am ha : that might not help though :
lauren bailey i swear on everything if the slut says one damn thing to me ill snap, and you know i will.
Are you going to walk by my window this morning?
RT oh, bother.
Real singers and real actors have REAL PROCESS.
Technique allows you accessibility to express.
didn't think so I posted on fb as a prank  my friend txted me that her computer got a virus ha April fools cant trust no one
Going over 17 USC 107  108, says for legal stuff, really pretty readable!
Sadly, true.
The referee in the VA Tech/Clemson game sounds like a trained actor.
lol that picture you took looked eerily familiar to the snowstorms in Green Bay.
Where in Cali about?
Note to celebrity publicists: before your client does a live interview on national TV, give them a horses name  the pronunciation
just did
Making this day better than yesterday
Cool.
Walmart doesn't have ice cream anymore.
like afternoon..
Or so.
Hide ya couches, hide ya sofas we burnin' erre thang down 2nite.
RT : FOLLOW  ANOTHER MUSICGENIUS FROM OUR ANOTHER PLANET
I'm gonna miss working with you!
Have fun in your next endeavor!
The Black Keys to start off this morning..
I hate turning on the radio only to hear the last two seconds of a good song.
Great episode of House!
Could tell Hugh Laurie directed, everything was a little bit better.
Only 3 eps left.
i believe ya lol
Read at whim!
Read at whim!
Randall Jarrell
don't be its ok just annoying but I'll get through it ;
Too bad they're gonna lose on Thursday GoBadgers!!!
Trap house by and i started cookin shits to funny.
If you live in the ATL and want some FREE FOOD on May 19th reply to this tweet to get an RSVP invite.
Learn your lesson and move on Value fundamentals  Peyton Manning
long time no see.
whats up??
I'm working
Very funny ALLIN tweets tonight.
Eli...
Some racist stuff...
Whatev, sports are an equalizer.
We all bond.
this is my favorite!
Meow.
I want cereal.
Cafe con leche ...
with a soda

created a great list for DePaul MBA's on Twitter cc
Information illiteracy as pandemic?
Do we need a vaccine and a massive program of childhood vaccination?
You are so hot and beautiful!!
Please followback I follow you now :
: RT : Thanks everyone.
Please keep asking people to follow us.
We need all the support we can get!
Somebody has to look out for and protect our kids, and I feel blessed to be a blessing to someone else.
mandii's sweet 16 party was soo much fun, i ended up dancing on the bar thingy in the hall with all my frnds:
i dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im young
Congrats man, best of luck out there.
For sure!
I am truely not a hater...
i just dislike people who talk non stop behind my back without knowing me personally.
I swea I Love weed dude!
Done!
Switch is up under Favorite Places on Pinterest.
;
I want somethinq new tired of old ;
Who is Osama BinLadeni?
Hipmunk is the last gantt chart you have to look at before your vacation.
I love kids I miss my nephew I guess I can go get him this weekend he's more important to me then going out to the same old ass clubs we got
one of my favorites!
Thanks Steve.
I appreciate it, following;
RTHT Go check out some awesome rock music, Christian hard rock band
Last nite Jim Mizes suggested u for biz consulting.
Sent msg to him this am on LinkedIn to introduce us.
VERY excited!
bored :/ what are yall doing for spring break?: Im going to Dollywood!
Praying for those affected by the tornados here in Arlington and surrounding areas!
: The favorite to win the 2012 WorldSeries is the .
MLBFC team that won't end up actually winning trophy.
Buying other artists' work will bring it back to youart karma?
thanks very much to you for attending.
BMA is a great group and I was grateful for the invitation!
What kind are you looking at?
DSLR?
Are you wanting to shoot mostly just video or also pics?
About 20 times a day, I idiotically controls a web interface.
Yeah I did.
I'm not even sure I'm ashamed!
Lol.
I Can't Do Anything In This House Without People Bothering Me.
I Need Some Me Time But I Could Never Get It
You can clip CSPAN videos before sharing them.
GREAT!
killing it on cool face melting maps!
ANDY.
hi
any luck with why our HITS were being sent back?
OSU wouldn't survive a day in the SEC
Totally!
Good thinking!
: Bach B Minor Mass, 2nd mov.
That's right up your alley, right?
My six year old asked if I would take him to the Superbowl if Giants make it.
I said Daddy cant afford it.
He says SF then?
Love that kid!
Dude, it was ugly.
You're lucky I happened to see you before you ran out into the street.
I got you home.
RT : you can come over to my place and watch the Top Chef finale.
I promise its not a trap or anything...
No worries.
I had a great time last Sat.
Now I'm just feeling the aches  bruises from the event.
;
OMG me either it is just to adorable and he is so hot
Come to my house for Easter.
No joke.
We have food.
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul.
haha yes it was
today is the first of May so today is May Day and there's a band called Mayday Parade!
:D lol

Can I request some tuvan throat singing?
Or some bjork, if thats less weird.
How was your holiday weekend family?
The grind goes over time starting tomorrow!
REGGAE MUSIC TO THE WORLD!!
THIS SUNDAY!!
Vintage Reggae Winter Fest, Miramar Regional Park in Miramar FL
Look closely  the people who criticize everyone else at work usually do the least for your company.
Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty.
Robert Frost
Ah why is it so loud in this house?????
We'd love to join the next sheparty!
What time does it start?
Thanks!
.
Ha!
That's hysterical!
But...wait, that's disgusting.
Guess if someone would do that, they'd do it anonymously.
Thanks!
We have gluten free crepes, trade veggies for pita on the hummus or spinach dip.
We can deconstruct sandwiches too
Nonprofessorts exist because of market failures.
Otherwise they would be for professort.
D.
Greca
Following April's devastating tornadoes...Virginia Farmers getting 2 million in financial help from U.S.
Dept.
of Agriculture.
up to my waist in clam shell box production and LOVING it!!
RT : Come to Art Opening: Baltimore: Place to Place Friday, November 4 at 7:00 pm until br /Wednesday, November......
Just left the march it's live they screaming justice it's sad
Having a crabby day, and just realized that I haven't listening to any music.
record curing that right now!
12351 Ray Candy aka Kareem Muhammed would have been 60 today.
He went too soon!
RIP  Happy birthday Ray
If u have a lot of haters u probably tell it like it is people aren't use to that these days
Hey, thanks for following!
Just because I don't talk about my problems, doesn't mean they don't exist.
I'm sure would appreciate the UT orange!
Orange and black are beautiful together!
GOD DAMMIT I FUCKING HATE MY PHONE IT DELETED ALL MY LOCKED MESSAGES.
fuccckkkkkk :
Final pass of THECUTS with holy shit, it's actually a movie now...
BRUCE!!!!
A UCF sighting in San Francisco!!
another one for my not on a first date food list :/
Light to medium pressure is best for fibromyalgia  chronic pain
After eating such good food in Korea, not looking forward to airplane food on the way back
man u know wat i have not had in a min, some bbq
The D Block vs State Property beef had to be the best rap war in history hands down!
No one will pay later if you give it away for free.
bring your organic raw linen shopping tote when you come to seattle, it will help u blend in.
Just reported a hazard on I 66, Centreville.
My mood: speedy, using Waze  doctorve Social
May God Almighty bless you and make you fruitful and increase your numbers until you become a community of peoples.
Genesis 28:3
Been Uppity all my life, E.
It's a badge in the oldschool vernacular.
In USA pres.
election date is known many years in advance; in Cameroon, pres.
election 3 mths away, date still a mystery
Downside of teaching urself final cut...
5 years of waiting forever for things to render when I didn't have to!!!
Just realized the catholic church and the american military have similar org.
charts.
sioure Expands seo Strategy new website to be developed.
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
you are very very welcome we had a blast
The paralegal will manage the daytoday handling of asbestos cases from the date the case is answered through trial.
at applebee's!
:
Not true.
You were given 5 Giants bucks to purchase a muffin from
Everything was cloned
Heading to Jackalope Theater's Slaughter City today on Clark Street in Chicago.
i know!!
Like if they are there is no need to lie about it.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH this is effing awesome.
Nice, I wish!
No, am training for the Covered Bridges Half Marathon in VT in June.
Have not yet done an Ironman
Morgan Freeman is typecast as the supportive and reliable sidekick.
We sell gift certificates in any denominations.
Who doesn't love sweet potato fries  Great Lakes Xmas ale?
The grinch, that's who.
I Need To Start Getting Ready For Church
thnx boo, how r u today?
What?
Wow...
His shirtless scenes in American Psycho are one of the reasons I can't quit watching!
please don't kill anyone in the library.
It's your last day 
EDSHOW can I go on the trump debate?
I was number 1 in grade school debates
doctorgon Dictation for the iPhone seems to work really well.
Used it to create summary of meeting then emailed it.
Very cool.
Congrats to Fort Collins FB coach Eric Rice and his wife.
They had a baby boy on Monday.
Future Lambkin LB is on his way!
I need all my supporters to Follow supper dope Vocalist This lady is the truth
why you tweet in uppercase letters?!?!
lol i feel like you're screaming
Doctors handwriting:   .
What I see: .
What the nurse sees: Aspirin.
LOL THAT WAS FUNNY but it still doesn't change the fact that you have emotional tweets
I think I have an extra
I know, right?
I haven't seen many vids that can top that one!
Brilliant.
You made it to Tuesday!
You deserve a taco!
TacoTuesday is tonight at Lincoln's Bar  Grill here at the hotel, 3 tacos and 3 Coronas.
Jigsaw Meeting offers Brand for You so your customers see your online meeting application as part of the technology of your company.
did you just recently release a new mixtape?
i dont even know what to do today...
Why do I miss you so much?
:
I would like to exchange follows/support.
There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site.
FREE!
Sex is dirty only if it's done right.
what about tennis?
A sincere thank you to military men and women for doing what most of wish we could.
For standing for something and always backing us up.
look forward to seeing all my media peeps at minglebellssd next Thurs, 12/8 Get in on earlybird pricing: bit.ly/MingleBellsSD
Orange!
RT: What will your favorite color in your wardoctorbe be this Spring?
they were running through the misprints or dented stock.
I picked up a Texas Chainsaw I've been after for awhile
why do fools fall in love?
About to read some lines infront of a class and attempt to act..not sure how I feel about this..haha
Guthrie?
With a name like that I figured he'd be into cowboy boots.
All the time, my friend.
is probably my favorite twitterer
How is it possible to hate a family member so much?...
We're Proud Of iCarly
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.
The world owes you nothing.
It was here first.
Mark Twain
Oh yeah.
doctorwing hot curves with HTML5 canvas.
LJSchwartz says: WHY ARE YOU AFRAID OF SUCCESS?
I'm I work building community through media part of the emerging leaders networks in SF Bay
Sad to realize that I need to really pay attention to all the stuff I thought others were taking care of.
can we apply together mate they'd take both of us
I seriously LOVE USAA.
Best bank, ever.
One day soon I will kidnap and lock him away in a room where no one will ever find him wellhavesexypartieseveryday 
Thx and for the priceless gift of motherhood!
Are they your kids...or the networks.
con
I might be out that way early next year if I go on my 'tour of rambling'.
I'll keep you guys posted.
:
ok done wit the promoting..
just finished another round of logo design on Friday.
Think this project will be wrapped up soon
Would you rather coast through life, or create your own path?
he already put in tee time.
I'll just tell him it will just be us two if you don't wanna play thur.
Traffic....
Ah!
The Cassini spacecraft captainres striking images from flying by three moons of Saturn, including new pictures of ..
lmao.
She kills me.
I wish I were working .!
Ava is back up and now over her birth weight!
8 lbs 1 oz!!
My sweet overachiever :
Amanda and I are headed to NYC this weekend as well!
So cold.
Getting ready for the Dulles Gala
: work ...or stalking?
believe it I'm working  the tourney's impact on the city, figured I would find IU.
The awkward moment when your boyfriends mom says I love you....
That warm feeling you get after you get sunburnt but are so okay with it
done this forsho' I've been here before pattern nailed to the floor so there'll be 8 more turn the page quick divorce and there'll be 8 more
Neither program is great, but my guess is WVU would much rather have Strong right now.
See scoreboard 2012.
Speaker Boehner is roaming D.C.
in a captainin America costume..says he's saving America from the solar flare predicted today...bless him...
...and to get me to fill out even one form is like pulling teeth.
An unconscious defiance, you think?
:
Wanna make  just for tweeting?
its easy, and cost you nothing just inbox me and i will tell you how.
RT Pisces are known to be bossy at times.
Asians are so attractive lol
Why is it that I am always the one to break down and finally talk to you.
What's sad is that we will never regain our innocence.
man hopefully hard hitty's fantasy season doesn't end up like the mets aka cellar dwellers haha
I hate boring stores:/
Um...could someone in St.
Louis please turn down Craig Sager's jacket?
Thank you in advance.
Sending you some Cali love...have a great day!
:
Going to a meeting Wish we were at the game w/
Totally ruled.
GM Thank you Lord for another day
You too!
Have a great weekend!
Coming up: Make a tincture with the Midwest School of Herbal Studies with herbs from your backyard during 10 Best Days  July 21st!
A business must be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to workout your artistic instincts.
gah!!
ok, im better now
kids Church program for babies, toddler and preschoolers: Church program for babies, toddler and preschoolers from Saturday, May 19,...
Don't call a crips Crab u'll prolly get shot
: man card When you can out doctornk all other men that becomes null and void...
lol
I want to be the official roundtheworld tweeter for at London Fashion Week
So I have heard I will possibly eventually going to Cali, Oregon, Hawaii, Mexico, Bahamas, Texas, and Europe.
Such as Spain, Italy.
Etc.
All the events have been so much fun lately!
See you soon!
ABQ Nightlife NM TeamFollowBack!
FYI, the link to the Bailout segment doesn't work on the MSNBC page.
at least we didn't hit a bird.
I am okay with no water suddenly.
same right now, we use a xerox phaser 8560 but sometimes would like other options!
The season is changing and the holidays are close, let us help you with those repair and maintenance issues around your home while its early
It was amazing!!!
Hell yeah Illini!
lol I can go on campus I'm suspended :b
was just dancing to JUSTIN BIEBER.
Co La did a sick remix of Nude Ghost!
Can't wait for it to go up on so y'all can hear it
EVERY action has a consequence.
If you scatter throrns, don't go barefoot.
God and many people will forgive but consequences still apply.
Tonight's doctornken good times is brought to you by Bushmill's.
So far, 2012 is crazy.
Luna moth!
Beautiful!
well, we can work on that too.
maybe a singles night just for you!
;
i could do with out the pink but yeah haha idig :
wHat?
How?
beats the heck out of me, but check back with me if the Cubs ever win the WS :
The DMV's hold music is stuck in my head...
so funny!
Omg poor boys !!
In riding round and I'm getting it
I sincerely hope you saw 's tweet about Waffle House....Hahaha.
OH YEAH!
I was confused for a second
I hope that helps and wasn't too confusing.
:
summer break so far has consisted of house and frosted mini wheats.
Did y'all get hacked or something?
Tournament this weekend is all at SJU!
Come support the Comets DUDES!
NBC: Romney will deliver a speech tonight in Manchester, NH entitled, A Better America Begins Tonight
Dorothy Allison is doing the Time Warp on stage in Long Beach.
the one of sluts you can find them any where she also did understand the one about clitoris but oh well I didn't want to
wanderlusting...can't wait for thailand.
but there's so much packing to be done!
Why yes.
I do want to live.
xD SO I shall follow you.
OK Last question for FF Pasco Trivia this week
What is this world coming to when a grown man gets thrown out of the ballpit at McDonalds?
Kristy pick that date and let's make it happen!
I love coffee and love / miss you too!
Need to catch up!
Alright ladies, message me your username.
Paying my parking ticket online was easy...and fun!
No i don't think soRT : Kawhi's new Twitter:
Nice slow wakeup today  chocolate raspberry coffee  warm blanket  watching webinars
Happy birthday
GOOD LUCK!!!!
Really enjoyed speaking at the NIKE Coach of the Year Clinic in Allentown.
Some terrific speakers.
Met a lot of great HS coaches.
Well run
Rice n bacon.
All day.
I swear my moms going death.
Im not trynna repeat myself over 6 times 
Holy snowfall.
So Dan Onorato unfairly taxing beer doctornkers in Allegheny county wasn't the answer?
Go figure!!
Tax and spend, tax and spend
baltimores entering spring !
is lovely; and how bout yonder?
I'm litterly sweating help...me....
Infusionsoft Customer Tour in San Diego, CA.
Here with Erin Laverty, Chelsea Wilson and Jennifer Price.
Should make for a GREAT event.
prince was my fav 1/2 time show  he rocked it
I had a good time,thanks
RT : Mitt won: moderate or liberal, 200K, postgraduate educated, oppose Tea Party, religion matters not at all
i agree completly: everyone shines in their own way
Thanks for the FF mention yesterday :
You did it!
Awesome finish!!
RT Survived my first marathon!
It was worth it!
; 26.2 in about 4:47!
yfrog.com/gzpr8skj
Nah.
Not at all :
You should cover butterfly kisses on Fathers Day.
I wanna do the impossible.
Really Mayweather?
I'm ok with H and 50 Cent, but Bieber?
i want my school to be like in the movies when it's the last day of school, and all you see is paper flying everywhere.
Thanks for the RT!
Between all the sombreros, Kentucky derby hats and Avengers costumes I think we've offended just about everyone this weekend!
Welcome Stu Pomeranz Orioles MLB debut
Montero made that look to easy
You're old, you're fat and you're ugly, but you're not going to die from any of those things immediately.
ROGER AILES, Pres of Fox News
Hey, you have a twitter avatar!
Nice twitter background also :.
See you tomorrow at the Fort...
hi nickbreezyyyy c;
Point, story, application ..then add what it means to them
Language project due on Tuesday, haven't done ANYTHING.
not shit at home bored AF , listening to rihanna .
looking at guitars .
lol , lets go out next weekend or something !
One of the hardest working guy out there in the biz aka 'The Blueprint'
Happy Birthday
Everyone who follows me follow my brother
word mang I'm til 7 Saturday.
Better set me up in the cooler.
I got load tm
The problem I have with blogging is, it's either small talk or something serious.
I can't do small talk.
Serious stuff is for real writing.
RT : Fuuuuuuuuck my sunroof was open.
Wow!
are there plans for another meetup soon?
Good to know.
I'm in.
Thanks guys!
Middle fingah in my vaj, wet pussy cap!
Do they know Rocky won all those fights?
iamcurrently sitting down in a booth
doctorving into ATL for a night on the town!
Traffic right now sucks!
It's day!
We'll see you at 5pm at the Intercontinental.
S/O to check us out on youtube22317301 and youtubeptownblack
ok sorry :c
Hey!!!
That's good news for you.
You must be relaxed now with her activities.
I think no strings attached is one of the sweetest love movies I've ever seen.
So mister and mister.
Smith has got to be one of the most ridiculous movies ever
Yup I screwed it up just great
We're looking forward to having you here!
Haha, you're right!
Wow, over sensitive hockey fans!
You all need to watch NBA big men go to work.
Good Morning Skulk!!
Happy Thursday!!
Miss Mimi Fox is ready for her after breakfast snack.
Its crazy how hunrgy I am, its Bananas!!!
;
your last tweet  all downhill from here
ChuckNorris is like a dog, not only because he can smell fear, but because he can piss on whatever he wants.
Cracking open first bottle of homemade, szechuanstyle, ginger beer  oh so delicious!

maybe next year if we're good
Leaving before last remnants of sanity gone.
3 laborintensive pages done on my day off, so I figure it's ok to go home.
Want a complimentary VIP booth this FRIDAY ?
Call 503.515.7112 for more info
Enjoyed the PBS Special with JT, brought back memories, saw you  the Troubadour way back when.....you still got it !
If you haven't requested Old School today make sure you do so!
Just Trust Me!
lmao.
Let's Move The Convo To DM.
i actually didn't forget, i almost did.
get chya facts straight
Ha ok Issif
Oh the joys of vocal pitch correction!
The joy of cringing in pain!
The United Negro College Fund founded TDiH 1944 by Frederick D Patterson  then President of what's now Tuskegee U.
via
I'm pretty excited about logging into our HPC environment.
Looking forward to running our projects.
Yeah you did..
Smh He has no post game, can't shoot.
He be doing some unnecessary crossovers.
He's just a dunker.
come on out for that doctornk anytime.
MobiHealth Presentations starting at Sapient in Arlington.
Vibrant Crowd!
HealthJibePersonal Health Platform 1st up on panel.
my guess would be to come up with futuristic looking fonts that we can still read for the computers, etc.
My bus doctorver we only have one chain on.
Are you serious??
I didn't see any studying or surfing.
Fail.
Ur welcome RT : : Now following the talented  gt; Follow thanks so much hun
Dont forget to pull those pants up!!!
yup...
Just a bit higher...
Perfect!
HungerGames was amazing!!
I guess I need to read the other books now.
yea yea!
but I'll only be there for a weekend.
anyone whannu chill.???
I wish!
what game u watchin?
they all over the boards
I got some really cool quality affordable jewelry ladies!!
Dissecing a pig in bio today.
Thanks for the shout out from White Elefant on stage!!
:
your reactions hahahah
hi Cindy, how goes it?
Watcha doin for Derby Day?
Regardless of the reason Chicago always wins!
hey girly , i ment to ask u how u did in our math class ?.
2ChainzNextLyrics Yo boyfriend he super lame.Yo girlfriend a major pain.
She darkskin with black lips that b look like GUCCI MANE!
The cap of my water bottle shot off mid flight because of the pressure, freaked me out.
Thank you.
I think this is to help promote the film and all the other merchandise that Target is selling.
Accident: Rt.
29 at Polo Grounds Road and an accident East bound Plank Rd, just east of Rt.
29
Looking to clean the floors in your home or business?
Check out our techniques for carpet cleaning in Davie and tile cleaning and sealing
Terrific Tuesday Tweeters!
Take time to prioritize your tasks and chunk together smaller ones for effective time mgmt and success!
Not a chance!
RT : Random  Do you think I could beat in an arm wrestling match if I got to use both hands?
: Make eye contact at a party.
Sends friend request
wishing we could play defense without a foul called every second!
Schools should stop being baby sitting institutions.
Let the parents figure out how to care for kids.
Just teach the kids
yeah waiting for my train...
Right in front of the whole thing.
Cops fire department EVERYWHERE
APRIL......APRIL IN THE D
Stand a lil taller
Off to the camp ground.Come out for some Cold beers.Cold water, Michagan.
.Blue or Bud.Happy 4th !!
Got to wait for the kiddos to go to sleep before I can go to bed.
Hope they arn't up to much longer, cause I am exhausted.
That was fcking unbelievable!!
you pull the trigger on that mansion yet?
Like the SoundCloud tunes!
OH: Jar jar is SUPER annoying Sara, age 4
I love Vangelis's score for Blade Runner, but the saxheavy Love Theme does not hold up.
One More Kiss, Dear completely holds.
from 's tweets, the food  music will be great.
But I bet the convo w/ is the best part.
Webinar is such a weird word.
How are you with 07 ibs?
Aren't you supposed to be missing your wife and child?
need a good instagram photo.
haven't posted one in awhile, but I'm trying to post pictures I'm genuinely proud of.
Reef Commandment 8.
NEVER doctornk and doctorve a boat.
Many people are killed by doctornk boat doctorvers every year.
Sad but true.
Weird!
RT : Ok.
Did anyone else notice that yesterday said monkey is dead, and Davy Jones died today?
Just saying.
LMAO..I love it..it's always at my fingertips : 
we cant wait to come up there!
Well said.
hey miranda you coming 2012 to germany ?
must study.
can't concentrate facebook twitter youtube dejavu?
thats where roc texted me from..
: just reapplied some kickass red lipstick to empower my day!
thanks for the sunshine!
3
Track everything thru bit.ly.
I know your tool has that reporting.
Also when you share to Twitter, the link looked really long
To audition for Cyrano or Joseph?
agh.
LOL PLEASE HELP!!
To all my devoted followers: I'm pulling up stakes and moving to Cheers!
I will!
Haha miss you
you already know  a lil bit a chrontanamo bay
Bro same..in my World Geo class today I was like.
If 1D walks in right now i will cry.
thanks Lindsay!
Best beat writer ever.
I'll still be following you because I like your updates...great insight and info!
Just finished World Cultures homework.
Thinking in terms of new media or old media is the wrong approach.
Media is simply the context of something much bigger
and me
hahahahaha I remember that I miss that kid he has mentally scarred me for life but I miss him he made r bus fun
Ladies did a great job getting the field ready.
It's too bad all the hard work didn't allow you to play.
Good luck this weekend.
Experience the Lightlife with The Socialistas...June 5...details to come.
:
I love how retweets my tweets.
:' Follow her 
Watching Star Wars V on bluray.
Rumor is some great designers are heading to for an after party.
Designers know how to pick the hot spots!
TO EVERYONE: BOARD MEETING TODAY  SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 25, 2011 AT 3:00 PM AT THE ADOBE FALLS CONDOS REC CENTER!!!
Yes!
Tebow who?
What has everybody been listening to lately?
Post it below :
Best way to pack out your 4c12 panel: be Richard Lanham.
Well said there...
RT : U are wat u think...
So if u can reason with the logic of a fuck boy ...
Then i kno u a fuck boy
The problem we face is not necessarily that we are overworked, its that we are undernourished!
Don Colbert, M.D.
I hate swipe txt!!!!
carrieunderwood reminds me I need to start doing some lunges
Glad you can make it Matt.
We recommend watching in front of the , or on Old World 3rd Street!
No doubt, especially since no one on the media will question him on why he continues to run players off!
crap?
A hot Big Mac?
Soon!
:D
good stuff.
wish i was there!
RT : Never met her but hearing about her passing and how she touched so many is incredibly inspiring.
RIP
Have fun, and for god sake win the game
a Cosmo on the beach with my hubby!
Facebook makes me want to throw up.
If I see one more baby post I'm gonna lose it.
4.5 Billion Spam Text Messages Sent In 2011
quick dog  walk then back to sleep.
Wearing my gray hoodie and hoping I don't look suspicious.
smh 
8 days until I'm doctornking martinis over Anna Nicole's backside,  waxing poetic the trials of stardom w/Heath  MJ.
Fall on your knees, O hear the Angel voices......
I'm here, and I'm listening.
THANK YOU
And I'm embarrassed about that Similar Homes button line height!
I blame
Gosh!
I have the worst headache ever!
Bout to get on some FIFA
Thanks for the follows!
and
Are there bearded ghosts?
Today is the 1 year anniversary of Brio Downtown.
We've enjoyed serving you and look forward to serving you for years to come!
Kings, Kings, Kings Yes!
doctorp me a note if you are going to HP TechForum in Las Vegas on June 21st
Well, Day 1 was pretty good.
I didn't do any bingey snacking.
Still probably ate too much, but one step at a time!
Yayyyy Giovanni is home :
Yesterday I worked legs at the gym, you pervs.
:
say it aint so!
OMG!
Best last shot ever!
That was amazing!
Woohoo!!!
Life life for today,Because tomorrow isn't always expected
hahaha that was funny
well ya see..
I'll wear boots more often.
when someone takes x to comment, i think it is rude to ignore them.
readers don't expect comments always but never is rude
I heard some rumors about some luxurious rooftop sun lounging with friends.
I would like to partake if I'm invited.
me too.
But by next Mon.
the NMSkiSwap will be over and 5000 folks will have scored some great deals on great gear.
I will look into it.
Got the book Imagine last week!
Very fast read.
Brilliantly written!
Thanks!
Awesome!
I got my desktop to work again!
Love the browser version, but prefer desktop app more!
:
Still working on this paper...I better get an A!
thanks for the RT!
Want 2 tics?
You dont even have to guess.
Ha!
I have.
Must have missed the biz v.
gov't tasks section.
I'll read it again.
Slash and Duff are still awesome.
Kobe is so hot
Katie's gonna be my prom date!!
Unless..
;
...
One wing one wing
The River is almost always the center of attention in small towns, second to the village idiot and always ahead of the farmer's daughter
setting up twitter
I didn't know Junior Seau but I can still feel the loss
I feel you!
I hate retail  food.
We offer over 30 different entrees and boast about our famous ALLUCANEAT CRAB LEG
Just got to hangout with !
Nice meeting you guys!
Good luck at the show tonight!
:D
I can doctorve Henrici in the dark, or on a shark.
Or in the light, or during a fight.
HI GUYS!
Then why am I doctornking without any homies?
Denver?!!?
Soon.....
Fact: Democrat rallies have the most middle of the road, boringass music.
Bon Jovi?
Train?
Jason misterz?
KT Tunstall?
Shoot me.

Shoot lots of portraits and have never shot polo...
I take that back.
I shot some shot polo in Maui in 2002!
Call  760 315 0513
It's a sign!
Never give up on your hopes and doctorams
This is going to be a freakin' awesome show!
Make sure to be there!
I can almost see Cuba from here
In my summer mode ;
And the majority of comments on his photos are Please follow me!!!!
put dollars in their gstring and...
I understand how you feel on that, but I'm glad to hear your WeSeed portfolio is up.
:
We sell 100 Silk Dupioni fabrics Visit our website WWW.FABRICSNTHINGS.COM
I'm on it
Its Night Time  I got my Locs On
I know I can .be so stubborn at times...
Sigh one of my downfalls
LOOL DIS GUY NAMED AUS10 KILLS ME.
HAVE YOU HEARD OF HIM ?
What the hell, everyone in this musical has a solo O.O
aren't you 's best friend?
I am always welcoming of new acronyms, although I feel like there are usu more opportunities for a smh than an nmh
Were you house hunting in wine country today?
That's the word around town.
I have an extra room if you want to rent it.
BIG TIME RUSH
I love the vortex
Let's Dance in the Rain : A
Oh...
Get the caller I'D...
I'm so scared!
RT: Ohh I'm so scared!
He's a piece of shit!
This is a little creepy in light of Celebrity Rehab.
the worst he can do is say he doesn't feel the same if so then move on
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying someone is posting bad stuff about you it is spam!

bro.
Females be questioning niggas like they on the hotseat insecurity is crazy now in days smh 
So...
we somehow got The Official Guide to Portal 2 for someone...
how did THAT one slip through the cracks??
ringalingling!!!
hello?!
Hi Ariel!
Thanks for following!
ttyl!!
I HATE waking up EARLY!!
Did the mayor just say 'liberry!?!?'
He who sees the truth, let him proclaim it, without asking who is for it or who is against it.
Henry George
your the only BOY in this shady world forever stay by my side and for you i will ride till i die cause ' BHABIE I GOT YOU .
so how your sleep go..
:D
I bet they have a corny voicemail when you call them like hey this is MAT and this is JULIE.
The GAMELS arent home right now.
Horse spawn hahahaha
Me too!
On my way to Martha Stewart and there's a hole in my shoe.
For shame.
hahahah there ya go!
:
Yeah, I have heard of them!
They are fun!
:
Yes it is.
And if you have even more time, the Osorno volcano is beautiful, in the lake region of Chile a bit further south
Social Media Optimization is the New SEO with Brian Solis
Perfect!
Thanks.
aw love you too beautiful lady!
if we download song does that count as a vote?
Weather Forecast for Thursday
Artist.
I you are going to upload a song for DJs to download it, title your tracks properly
Wrapping up a buy day with DVR
you in bloomington?
: You guys are really so Grand!
I'm like a proud parent lol Momma B ;
been trying to do that with my money for years, still can't get it right
thanks can u folloe my other page please
At blackbird studio right now : tracking is going Amazing!!!
wow!
what an amazing day.
make sure ubin tips those poor waitresses.
Delivering beds, blankets  towels to those in need.
RT : I have a new love for OneNote.
I'm using it to organize my SCA projects, as well as all of my little notes that were scatter ...
I'll be honest its probably outdated 5 yrs old.
Bringing it back to original factory.
It just wouldn't function outside of safe
And the universe will be rebooted, prepare yourself and say goodbye to your pinky toe.
Sure WILL popi
2Days till spring break
hey, your pin has a f in the word doctorsses...
Bad Day, had to walk homee 
Safety sanitation and law and order are long standing excuses used to quell democratic movements that demand change.
Red rock and suite what
RT : If you're a fan of House Hunters, a Milwaukee couple will be featured on tonight's episode.
9 p.m.
on HGTV.
Yes, but since her CABG x3 AVR, it was a worry.
Congratulations, Jessica Biel!
I don't even notice such things but you win tonight's Worst doctorss award!
hey ive done the same thing woman
If Tumblr, Twitter,  Facebook were school subjects , my parents would be so proud of me.
;x
No dice on early flights, but at least there's free wifi!
Work kept us both awake long enough to make our flights.
is pushing ads into your Tweet Que!??!!?!
YEAH BUDDY!
It's not leather on leather, it's a minisonicboom.
awwweee!
: I wish I could take you with me, even tho I don't have prom either....
Offense?
Ok my phone put that in lol.
oh ok i love you sis
I could really use some cheese right now
what time are you coming in?
Will do and thank you
Producing is a lot of work but I think I like it!
nigga I been hitting u non stop pay dat bill !!!
Lol.
U still here though ?
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
Maya Angelou
Van 1 of the : brought to you by Twizzlers, buffalo pretzels, and a metric ton of sliced honeydew.
cool.
I use it for fashion, cooking and decor ideas.
I miss having someone that accepts everything i am..
Feels like thats been gone for awhile
Happiness is not the absence of problems but the ability to deal with them.
thanks back at ya.
We're in SF tomorrow.
I think.
on founders: they build a company by convincing others to see what they do!
Thanks for the retweet!
wow at the cougar on Cyrus
No big deal to me.
I make made coin being a biz man and a lawyer.
Yankees are great!!
Love Em to death
Bye, iPod Nano.
It's been a great six years.
Thanks for the follow!
byebye tweetlings will keep you informed on my holiday tehehee, lovee youu all you sexy things:D, gonna miss you so much  !
3 xx
Welcome our new Resource Development intern to PENCIL!
So glad to have you on the team!
Yayyyy sun came out 
Kurt Rosenwinkel, Aaron Parks, Ugonna Okegwo, and Justin Faulkner were crazy last night!
What a trip man
Nope, how about you ?
The Pacers are a 3 seed.
People treat them like they're a rec team playing the 96 Bulls or something
Arsenal F.C.
the leading cause of myocardial infarctions in North London.
: Lakers Boy...
Get ya mind right b4 you left!!
Lehh goo!!
Yeah the weather doesn't look great.
I'd considered biking too but I think I'm gonna pass and doctorve.
It's earned over 185 milion bucks worldwide and opens today in the US, The Avenger.
Going to see it?
yeah finally launched my business.
Thanks for the shout out!
I'm home alone again and people wonder why my signature is forever alone..
Thanks!
Looking forward to meeting you in person, too.
I can't wait til album come out.
I love Go Get It, I had to make it my ringtone.
I love ET.
thanks i appreciate it
how have you been?
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Frederick Douglass.
Don't shy away from what matters my friends, fight for it.
Had the opportunity yesterday to experience the professorssional applications of twitter first hand!
Margaritas ante Porcos  Pearls before swine
you attacked Michael Moore on Scarborough Country for not supporting the Iraq war.
Now you talk about the deficit
like...aliens?
I know Kenny has been beating that doctorm for awhile.
I think a team has to do what their personnel allows.
Thank you so much!!!!
We're working on wrapping it up for everyone ;
doctoradful performance today
Can't wait to catch up and hear all about it over some doctornks in Philly!
Yes how I love thee!
I'll be honest, I would be up for doing a podcast.
Getting everything set up at Skyline this afternoon.
Man this is going to be an amazing year.
Almost didnt go to skool late night studio sessions all the way till sunday hella tired!!
I hate being forced to do the things I love!!
WTF is up with my ear itching??????
oh ill call you after i do this little thing 2 1/2 hours later I call her oh!
I forgot .
I keep it real with facts you have to make up stuff to say about me because you best to believe I set my standards above and beyond!!
Help single mothers return to school.
your welcome ;
: Hide all first story windows!
LMAO
then: adverb, indicating time; than: conjunction, used to make a comparison.
IT'S NOT THAT DIFFICULT, PEOPLE.
I can't fin it but search up 'phoebus and phaeton vs Romeo and juliet' that might work
RT if you've ever met someone famous
When you only have about one hour for voir dire...you better know what q's to ask.
You got me stuck on CAPSLOCK, if you know what I mean.
What is the geekiest pickupline you can come up with?
M.I.A never.
She was here last night tho lol watcha up to??
When 2 of your friends were dating, then they broke up, so now everything is awkward.....
BREAKING: CBJ trade Jeff Carter to L.A.
Kings for defenseman Jack Johnson and a first round pick in either the 2012 or 2013 doctorft.
let's take it to the basics, you in the midst of greatness
Star wars  star trek
The power of intention is the power to expand  increase all aspects of your life.
We hope you are able to enjoy some BBQ and fireworks this weekend.
It took Maker's Mark 2.5 years for their ambassador program to hit critical mass.
They now put 30 of their mktg budget towards it.
Come check out the new and improved Sendik's Food Markets website at www.sendiksmarket.com for the best food and deals in  around Milwaukee
Oh I'm so curious yeah!!!
Doesn't matter who picks he's still going to lose in Nov!
BTW you should support some1 that will support women
Just for clarification, 90 of my motivation for seeing this movie is the shower scene.
And Zac Efron without a shirt.
Olympiakos upsets CSKA Moscow in EuroLeagueBasketball final at Istanbul
Omg hey!
A little heated today about a PR project that is going in another direction...no worries though b/c i have boundaries!
Take a deep breath.
THANK YOU!!!
are u going to bring anything for ms.gish's party
I take offense to being called dumb, stupid, or any other intellectually degrading insult ...
Worst thing to do to me
thanks for the follow!
Was at the 50 Greatest Vikes celebration SundaySKOL to 50 yrs of VIKINGS football!
www.vikingsholiday.com skol, favre, vikings,
Love all of your work with your students!
Kids are never too young to research.
Thanks for blogging it for us.
Love your enemies.
IOTA Solutions will be attending.
Looking forward to meeting you, U of Michigan attendees, and others.
Hearing a song and thinkin thats our song...
And smiling like an idiot for no reason
hey, after tonight I have to go hang around some older kids.
My eye/throat still hurt...
I love when bands actually take the time to meet their fans even though they're in a rush!
cough cough :D
We are the youth gone wild.
4famouswords it will be ok
Classic!
The Del Taco spokesman works out at my gym in van nuys.
That guy rocks!
Put Sumthn 2getha  We Can Do It BIG Dis Time!!I'm Ready
the real hard part will be finding a Whitney tune that the Dead covered : RT : i dont know how youll emulate whitney.
WOW..
WE ARE LOSING SO MANY SO SOON
Girl, you trending more than MW3.
Lyrics to a really awesome rap song.
Is it me or is this week's puzzle 2 hard?
Can only do this one's  's.
' puzzles 2 smart.
Thank God 4 pop culture!
Thank you for all the kind, funny, and sympathetic tweets today.
Just reminds me how much I love Twitter for connecting me w/ great people.
aw Adam don't be mean!
my girl tried her best lol
You need a weekly segment!
Jammer Jabber...
thank you!
:
cool, i'm getting ready to order the asia edition of hold on til the night even though i have the US version because
AR's you wanna save your job hit me up!
when did I get mine?
afs11 Oregon Folklife Network is doing great work setting up the infrasturcture of their new program.
I'm quite intrigued.
A Carytown trip is in order.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
Harold S.
Geneen
On my way to AbuDhabi and the Eye on Earth conference ...
Bill Clinton to keynote www.openoceans.org
2 hours in the car and all my parents have talked about is political shit.
pleaseshutup x.x
Tech week !
Incredible show...
August:Osage County
Tonight it's off to hear MichaelBuble at the Wachovia Center.
Yes.

Oh look!
There's the magician!
bestbritishbands The Beatles and The Who
Minor crisis of faith.
if this comes down to kings v rangers, do i sleep in '99 robitaille jersey or '97 rangers sweatshirt?
is the story better in Max Payne 3 or 2 or 1?
MaxPayne3 l
I have it to compliment Netflix on the pee ess 3.
If I need cable to access its already limited content, then it's gone.
I want a toaster strudel
Your righthe's due: Why isn't anyone talking about Brandon Bass?
He had a crappy game 1...
I bet he comes up big in game 2
people who wanted Daren Rovell to shut up about attendence
If anyone wants to kik my username's ericJRgonzalez.
Let's try it together
Don't forget about the Gala Opening at Qbar May 11th  6pm.
We added comedy to the line up.
Is going to be AMAZING!
Please come!
I miss Metro Station!
Shake shake shake shake shake it......
is professorssor Romer teaching classes next year or just doing research?
TacoBellTrafficTracker at the TacoBell off N Lamar  Rundberg!!
I have some pretty cool tickets to give away.
56pm
Just got home.
doctornk as hell and horny!
Lol.
IF YOU AINT AT SOUTHPAW TOMORROW THAT MEANS YOU DONT LOVE GOD...AND CHILdoctorN AND YOUR PROBABLY doctorNK OUT OF THE TOILET LIKE YOUR UNCLE JOE
He only talks to you because he wants in your pants.
wiped clean or wiped out
Was there anyone in the world besides Philly fans who didn't want to see a chance for a game winning 3?
Just PHI and the ref.
Where should we get lunch??!!
I know it!
It was professorsely buzzing I turned it on silent
Also one called No Loot
Go ahead!
:D
my question
Fantastic!
It should be a wonderful concert.
Thank you for your support!
the follow.
if he was at 3540 goals like an elite player you wouldnt hear one word from me.
Twitter is not the place for True Confessions
love that you thought to press it  will try that for lunch today!
hows everyone liking this rain?
you have to wear that suit though.
....It's Always Darkest Before the Dawn.
Check out our website for We Are Bitter Sober, an independent documentary in production www.wearebittersober.com
nice!
also just noticed you aren't following me anymore :
ah c'mon kid can't be goin against my like that.
That's what you get
Yay!
We get to see Tuesday night!
Kickin'!
Phase II of the reapplication process has begun!
Time to create groups for room selection!
you're smart :
TY MARCO FOR THE LOVE!
follow this cat
I love how we only have 24 more days till SUMMER BREAK!!!!
:
naw wanted to but had church last nite
Finished finals now going to work.
way to be; see yo there
Better not lol :D
hi bella pls follow me back :
US added 200,000 new jobs last month.
Can I have one!?
Hiss, hiss, ft, ft!
Put the claws away, kitty.
I only hate my car cause the leather seats....
Thanks for having me!
Always a pleasure : RT : Thanks to for sharing all of your interesting stories with TMS today!
Everyone I work with has been letting me hear it.
I wish we had Dwest to put on melo and put to shut this Linsanity !
any solutions/strategies?
: interesting study, keep me posted, would love to know more when it's out.
Betty Lash exclusively offers Faux Mink Lashes.
Perfect Curl, light weight, long lasting...
Come in and see the difference...
i invented you.
i will destroy you.
It is LOUD up in here today.
Company X under bids my company a few mos ago.
Today a dev from company X asks me through Linkedin if I can help him with a problem
Happy Birthday to my lil lady
you rule.
RT I don't like social encountering.
ireallywant him to not have a girlfriend
I have a huge craving for a Schkotzky's sandwich but they no longer are in Illinois!
Cam Newton and Panthers go to Super Bowl this year
: Philanthropy provides the edge for excellence in higher education.
The Somali community doesn't want alcohol sold next to the youth community center
Stop calling new at work!
I don't want to talk to you!
This HYFR video is fucking weird dude
thanks!
Am so relieved
Happy Early Birthday Babe!
love ya forever i love watching you grow as a singer and a person!
beena fan since you turned 15!3
I wonder why?...hum couldn't be the combo of eggs..berries and ketchup...blek
Also collaborative academiccommunity ventures, each with different expertise but equal voice.
I really hope I get all of these pieces ready for CW.
Crying my eyes out..
No big deal.
Ugh this girl is not dat pretty, give up bitch!
Ur a fake bitch.
Ewe look  her.
Words of wisdom from the wife of the WWW.
World wide web
loser gangbanger fuck, we are utility workers not the FBI.
Go back to your pathetic existence.
Just don't shoot me..ok thx.
Auto Bailout: Tonight, the American auto industry is back.
run tkcproblems?
Nope.
I don't even follow them.
They just rt me a lot.
Wish I had the last minute of Nancy Richardson speaking.
What a great message!
If deadpro played a show at cosmic charlies would you be willing to buy some tickets for it?
m...love those fresh apples and your family oriented style.
Everyone...go to !
When people pop up to you just to tell you how amazing and beautiful your best friends are.
K.
Thanks.
Makes me feel great to know that.
GO CELTICS!
Now I understand why lol
Thank you so much for your support and RT.
lol jelly how r u
Yo if you didn't see it yet, check your email.
Let me know what you think!
I picture the Koch Bros laughing maniacally in their lair on a private skullshaped Island w perpetual thunderstorms.
There's like 20 people running and a really skinny white guy wearing nothing but short shorts and sneakers
Where is Aaron Horkey?
Ready to be blown away in 2012!
Excited to have working with us for NYE.
The body painted model will look AMAZING.
Watch this cool vid!
best case.
Worst is, we go down in flames of ignorance.
Update: I still don't understand why twitter is so popular.
Watching Voice looks like made his choice Katrina Parker.
Sorry ladies :'
A 2 acre bmx park in your backyard.
That takes my breath away and I don't even have a bmx bike.
Don't want to admit, but hard to counter the If it's not on the net it doesn't exist argument for most nonspecialists
that we could!
Well nice to meet ya
Hey there someone left there glasses here?
How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop?
Me either.
And he can't complain how people hate someone who signed on with the South Beach Scum.
gearing up for tonight's double shot of CJE  Sonia Sanchez and solo action at Hideout for Sandy Bull record release.
Good vibes abound.
/libraryfolks Is there a diff b/w 3M book tattletale and the disk ones?
Would a 3M book strip harm a dvd if placed in the cover?
Can't wait!
Btw, your new album totally rocks!
I heard House Rules a few weeks ago on TV as an intro to a football game
Yes Sir
Mother's day shopping with my sister :.
UNIVERSAL STUDIOS HOLLYWOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Went to a great conference today at the Association of British and Irish Lusitanists.
Thanks to all the lovely people there
Midnight in albuquerque, doctornk again on a Lil wildturkey
the crew of artists is growingcome on out and join the fun!
Please keep beverages in a generic cup.
That's cute, Julia.
Dayoh!
Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you were born to stand out?
Haha haten lame hoes sneak diss for a show and real bitches shuts shit down and keeps doing them!
Confront a mf if your brave :
Showering violence with violence is not a good tactic.
If you want to treat someone a lesson, don't go down on their level.
Definitely noted :P
I met him last year.
and couple times while he was in florida this year:
So proud of of myself I finished 2 chemistry chapters plus the quizzes in the back..now I'm ahead yay 
Thanks for the RT!
I'm not ''Republican let everybody else starve and die'' rich..but this life of mine is nice...real nice..,praisesdue given
Making mozzarella sticks aka fried cheese because ive lost control of my life
4 Days Left for Saving 200 on professorssional Resume Services...
Please not at the expense of the American tax payer.
The party to embrace fair concessions will be the hero.
Ima Richmond Texas nigga trying to come up in the big city of Houston.
Who gon stop me?Tony Montana
I wanna watch the game with all fakers fans
Last night of spring break..
Hm...
Presidential Daily Diary doesn't quite match Nixon WH phone records.
Which one is inaccurate?
Done with work ready to relax
idk you tell me
how gay is it that i havent been to the beach all summer?
yeah, happy freaking labor day everyone.
eluna09 Changes in scholarship will mean changes in librarianship.
: Just heard pretty eyes by  its amazing.
truetalent!
ILY!
We seriously need to record a song together
Danger time for the Pacers, they'll get blown out in the second quarter if they aren't careful.
Happy Easter everyone  I've got your forecast on 10TV this morning!
Creavity abounds in the wonderful world of flavored vodka  saturday morning cereal flavors!
Not looking forward to saying bye to everyone.
Finished the last of the edits for Dani  model.
On to the next!
One Jug Of Wine, Two Vessels fans, Jake Bellows plays at Good Hurt in Venice, CA on Oct 30th.Costume Contest with prizes ftw
how was crowd size?
can i even complicate your breathing?
I'm in suucchh a great mood :
just went bowling with giant balls!
and now he tweets youu :
Armani is gone but not forgotten 08/15/9502/23/2011 painfully I had to say goodbye to my baby Armani who was diagnosed with cancer.
to one of your games?
He would be in heaven if you could get him in to meet the guys and watch the game.
It would make his doctoram!!
Sounds awesome.
Let's see it!
Not texting back eh!?!
?spam?
Is this a trick question?
all I want for my bday is for aye ladies to start playing every time I walk into a room.
!
Lmao thanks boo!
It's a gorgeous day here in Indy!!!
KOBE BRYANT ON FIRE
That just means you need to come to so you can have some DELICIOUS goodies from !
;
that's what it do!
I c u!
The best thing you can do as an artist, model ets is brand yourself.
You def got it down!
please Follow My Friend and I will Follow You Back.Let me know That You Did.Thanks
Follow Me?
have a great show :
Hey CI Twitter Tribe!
check out our video for A Sailor's Attitude!
RT RT RT :
love waking up to you too: Bringing you the gift of shoes tomorrow!
haha
Dinner with my mom tonight stoked but no alcohol for me tonight got to trashed with last night!
Guys what mensentertainment you can shove it cause your a headache.
I know right it's awesome yeah I goto
then learn lol 
but I ain't easy doe ;
Hunt reading from her book
I wish everyone the best on their EOC!!!
I LUFF YOU GUYS!!!
KEEP THE FOLLOWING GOING!
Ugh FAU could be a little more helpful with scheduling.
And not charging 130 for orientation.
And ridiculous student parking fees.
sorry you can't come to santa barbara for campcourage but I didn't want to steal you from toniatkins re2010 event tmister
OH Speaking of Cheese.
What about a NYC restaurant serving Breast Milk Cheese?
Yuck!
Like watching a video of your own birth!?!
Just saw another Clean Electuons ad.
Why is Az spending money advertising for its bureaucracy?
It is not the size of a man but the size of his heart that matters.
: I need a new Dj!!.
is that guy give him a shot he won't let you down
no it happened , ask melissa and chase and bryant .
8 yrs wit my bd...he still knows how to hurt my feelings...damn near wanna cry...but dnt want the bestie to clown me :/
anyone want a invite?
Busy day tomorrow, going to sleep night twitter 
Had someone message yell at me for not accepting their FB friend request.
Someone i literally have never met.
FB freaks me out sometimes.
Wow, that's really nice that you built them their own house!
They should have felt like kings!
sorry my account keeps getting hacked!
It's 315...
Just why
In LBB airport awaiting flight home from nar11 Fantastic time with colleagues and faculty.
Thank you and safe travels!
perfect headphones for when my wife doesn't want to hear me shooting aliens!
Thanks for following us!!
Lesser known soccer team names  sponsors: MENACE 2 SOBRIETY.
Sponsored by Bacardi.
Pineapple milkshake.
Just purchased renter's insurance.
It's definitely a rebuilding year.
Chewing sweet tarts  gum together 
is thinking that maybe if she went to class, did her reading, and turned in things on time, she wouldn't be pulling an allnighter.
But they were talking about when they had their period and had sex.
And they went into detail.
I was extremely disgusted.
Slimmered down?
I hope that's not implying I was plump before, haha.
I'm not a Tebow fan, but hate the pats more.
onegamebandwagon RT I'm a Tebow  Broncos fan today.
FuckthePatriots!!!!!
OMGOMG PLEASE COME TO BOSTON.
Hell, ya!
RT : The Long Beach State Mascot is straight from the book of aweome.
That guy's chin and dance moves are top notch.
haha thanks man
After Party At My Place Who's Down?
hahaa, really kyle?
how many concerts have you been to in the past 2 months 8?
I wonder how far a soccer ref runs in one game
Tasty show tonight!!
Check out a replay of Single Chef now at www.
Theroomlive.com
Early start to the day; have a monster to do list before me.
What's on your agenda today?
will you two be joining us for the screening of Waterhole 3 tomorrow evening?
Thanks for tweeting about the CityLit Festival and the legal issues workshop!
Much appreciated!
Feels so good to be outta school :
I wasn't planning on it but I saw you were at 11 so I said fuckit, let him get to an even 10 left
Sixers are gonna get smacked in the semi finals they play with no heart they only want to play when they feel like it.
Kevin Allen joins the guys next to discuss the NHL Playoffs.
Ill ask him?
It was put to dvd from vhs tape??
Might have something to do with it?
Made in 2000?
On vhs MuchoImportante!
Alley Hector!
Thank you so much for your continued love and support!
We love you, babe!!!
Knowing the exact moment that someone is reviewing and judging your work is scary sitting next to them as they do it terrifying ..
Everything says is a lie.
Except this: RT Yes indeed 3/24 HEAVY HAND w/  10pm
One of my guitar students just showed me how well she can play the first bit that I taught her of Beatles Blackbird!
I love this job :
I've been developing it for awhile...with the help of my Harvard friends.
Yeah, he should be the 1 pick.
But all these sports clowns/analysts like Luck, so all eyes are on him.
Sucks!
You are awesome.
Don't be nervous.
Aleatory, prehensive, algorithmic immortality!
for those not in the future prison of everywhere, that is!
Richie Dagger's Crime  Germs  The Complete Anthology
I was discussing with how KALE would make a great band name yesterday...we're onto something.
When did belts become optional?
If i can sleep
happy birthday!!!
yeah ,I got my man released a tape.
Want to review?
good foo.
Just goin down to SC with family for vacation :
May 31st I will be event at Howward Theater to support and !!!
love us much!
We shall do it again soon!
BACK TO BACK TO BACK JACKS!!!!
THATSASTREAK !!!
3 In A Row !
Wow Santana CRUSHED the ball!!!!
4 games in a row this week with an injured foot?
I think yes!!
Gotta carry the team!
doctornking a nice, refreshing glass of water in Boston...
At work so I'm following the oscars via twitter.
Oh how technology has made life so accessible!!
thank you so much girl :
Kind of a doctorary day here in Austin today, for a variety of reasons that outspan just the weather.
What color shirt r u more likely to wear?
White, black.
or red need feedback followback poll  thank you!
Shirt Guy Direct 9542458380
I'm off to Studio V to interview Vin Scelsa for this project we're calling The Art of the DJ.
Mom got out the home videos.
Thnx 4 the follow.
U got an interesting concept.
WE subscribed 4 more info.
WE Liked your FB pg too.
Check out AgooBiz!
New feature!
Now using your OpenSpace account, you can log in and request OpenSpace Amenities, such as a locker or a parking space!
lmao fosho.
All great artist.
Ha when's the last time u heard a doctor Sams track?
O
Neighbors just reserved a big section of the street for Steelers game parking.
Think I should mention that it's being played in Cincy?
Back at the tables for wsopc event 3.
who the hell is roger.
My name is not roger.
I'd like to see either the Kings or Rangers win.
LA is solid though
I REALLY want to go to Scouts camp this weekend.
Then, I realize that I have finals next week and I haven't even started packing my dorm /
David Bell, sales development  training, Houston, TX, improving performance
bitch I got to much to tell u smh...
oops video by
Users will decide whom and what to trust as they follow their nose navigating linked data  Dekkers
Gold on the ceiling  little black submarines by blows my mind
Friday Prayers.
contact me if u ever need actors
For once I just want someone to tell me I'm worth it .
Weird : I did not know but that is awesome that you are using Two Good Farms.
Need any help gardening please let us know.
Just deleted the Facebook for Andoctorid app.
Peace
Idaho gas industry enters new phase
follows me omg.
my IDOL from way back.
Live for today  Plan for tomorrow  Party tonight!
Revision this weekend.
Making a pledge that I won't go on Twitter during that time..
Only good thing about Dark Shadows was the new trailer.
We all will.
You will always reign supreme.
Wuts all dis blue tweet stuff!!!!!!!!
Writing is such a painful and tedious labor of love.
Indians with papa and Dewey!
If you re out in johnson city, tn...
Check out our friends the smackdabs tonite at stir fry!!
I bet my typical Saturday shindig was better than the RossMorganRager lol
I only used 19 minutes on my cell phone last month.
I wonder if they make under 25 minute plans??
The audience would start a slow clappuccino.
damn im in ohio cant make the young whales !!
Welcome to my world!!
Asked ubersocial to show me everyone near me.
It must think I'm in the UP of Michigan.
It's only 500 miles off.
Our friend is looking for a NY based assistant for the next week or so.
It'll be lots of fun.
And probably involve kittens.
Participating in a breastfeeding support group proved to be an incredible source of encouragement for me!
I need a nigga
licks lips slowly, still tasting you, smiles softly g'nite.....baby
That went well.
The FList.
First two episodes.
Done.
All day I thought it was May 11 but it's not yet.
I think I just want May 18 to get here already so I can go to DC  see my honey  friends.
: SLEEPY SWEET BABY RAY!
Lololololol
Rainy day in NYC...
What are you guys up to today?
Where did the Sun go?
Thanks, Ellen.
for the next month
if he's safe, chug it
Rape: Not in the 10 commandments?
But don't say the dudes name with a shitty attitude or ull end up in hell.
Interesting.

There are so many blessings, so many things to be thankful for.
Don't let one ungrateful individual ruin your day..!
CORE VALUE2 You will always belong in this family.
Rom 8:15
thanks for the follow : followed you back.
This weekend 
Great job on sound today at LIGFest Brendan  you are a master!
Join the SSSi Dealer Network for great savings and incredible support!
866.364.0030
How can you have a Hall and Oates compilation w/o She's Gone!?
Disaster.
look who's on twitter YAY !
Follow him for good times!
Favre  dick
networking.
Hustle.
And not being greedy, just trying to offer our clients the best products and info.
Nothing like TX hospitality.
Thank U 4 graciously hosting SMILEcon this week.
Kicking off this evening w/ at the Aloft
Good morning!!!
A BIG THANK YOU for the follow!
Have a great day!
Hi amor!
Waving hi back at you
watching DWTS while I'm working and Rob Kardashian was so much fun to watch!
Ricki Lake was pretty good too.
Who's your pick?
When your friends believe in you although you yourself have doubts :
Bout to get my nails done, then hair appt at 3!
:
that's good.
Was it packed?
A roar from the crowd at London's Guild Hall when Denmark's Noma wins top spot at worlds50best restaurant awards for 3rd year in a row.
Please follow
we will get use to it :
Gary Cannalte's forecast: bit.ly/xmpb7 Windy and colder with a chance of some flurries
Gotta bop to the top!
all my ink is black  suicide wrist red...
we can do our house!
wouldn't mind seeing you go though!
BUST
Up too early.
.
you're so annoying shutup .
Learning how to forgive
PrettyGoodwithWords is real and not a spambot.
Hopefully this tweet is useful as evidence of that.
Sincerely, PGWW Spambot
hey lasso!
thanks for the follow hope things are well in your corner!
DM us to see what the latest is!
NHF
The seed is planted.
Be on the lookout for buggies cruising down 30th St.
any day now.
Must head out, thanks musesocial folks and for facilitating!
Looking forward to next week's convo
Despite Barbour being all that, I think this guy is going to be prez one daythe horror
positive thinking!
IM GOIN TO START A NEW IB LOVE STORY !!
:D Soo !
would anyone wanna be in it ?
:
Yo insisto que las Rushers son tan encantadoras!Rushers Live For The Rush:x
happy thanksgiving !!!
Hopefully will have it fixed in a few hours when I get home.
: S/o and Happy bday to my nigga in Houston tx tonight im n caroloton tx fwm lol
Thank you for joining us on a tour!
Did you enjoy yourself?
Fat Al not up to game shape for the skins..go figure.pffftt
At what point can you just kick people out of your house because no one is going to be able to finish this fucking game of Trivial Pursuit?
cuz I said that same shit right after the graduation tests junior year.
Lol
I have one now!!
you are missed!!!!
Very very much.
I need to cut the habit of missing you
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
staceygreenwell: Back home and mostly unpacked, thanks for a terrific week
Going to bed!
Going to play temple runner during after and before school!
:
Feel better now.
Good stuff!
ov103 Don't sweat missing the flyby ...
between networks news channels and YouTube there will be walltowall coverage by evening
True power comes from within, and it has a spiritual rather than a material foundation.
It is permanent and does not die with your body.
Going to bed when the sun starts coming out on a school night 
SOLISTEN is the best song ever!!!
you did an AMAZING job!
FREE Eye exam  Macy's for the 11th annual designer eyeware trunk showLOVE it!
Pick up a Red Eye 2day for the front page coupon!
Bring Your Own Wine...
Tuesday April 12, 35  Theme Champagne
watching DogTheBountyHunter love can't wait to see this episode with 3
Obama on : While Dick  I didn't agree on everything ...
he was often willing to reach across the aisle  get things done
I'm too old to be playing around.
My time is to valuable
Dilton totally should have his own special, even if it is a short 4 part series or something.
You are totally right!
I try SO HARD to do everything I'm suppose to  more, stay positive, have fun some...
But fact is I always get the shitty end of the stick.
Tonight!
You give us 10, we give you all the tap beer you want, any of 10 varieties.
Any questions?
omg i cant wait to meet coop dodouble g!!!
Have fun love!
Happy Monday!
Bracing for a week of rain, rain, and more rain...
uk this time next week.
Like AZ,
just that one email made my day turn a thousand times better 3
nowplaying Sheryl Crow
As a Gen Xer, I appreciate the Times take on this...sorry my Boomer friends, but the rest of us a tired of your milestones
First time someone said to me, thankyou for your service.
I wish I could tell him how undeserving I am of that thankyou.
Hate when Im not disciplined and it comes back and bites me in the Ass
case of the mondays after hitting OT last night.
Bright side?
cap and gown ordered.
shit is getting real!
I'm confused...how do you walk a parrot?
And yes, I googled it.
:
You're welcome brother.
God bless :
And Louisville fans only worry about their BIG BROTHER.
Period.
the selection's a little limited, but it's better than paying for something I won't watch
that would be good
if we want to do a nodejs hackathon/workshop, i'd be willing to run it
Cake balls or mini pies?
What should we test first?
Is this a daily tweet now?
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the great mothers
is the test really 82 questions?
Because the released test from 2009 says its just 60.
I love MY best friend .
:
Tony Lucca needs to win.
Sounds good, looking forward to hearing what's going on.
M
i didn't make cheer : i feel so stupid .
I'm doing an interview with Bavarian Public Radio in Munich this morning.
I don't know any German professornity, FTW!
Finish hard
wow.
Positive vibes his way.
Question???
What is the best thing that happened to you this past year????
And my main FollowFriday fellow ditcher and still reigning champion of all things Bueller is
stimulating.
I just told Justine I was skipping class tonight  full day retreat now
WTF?
Woman calls in bomb threat to Oklahoma Gas  Electric over 14 electric bill
Its going to be a peaceful afternoon
I'm not going to wear tight clothes or act any different for you or the next nukka!
Take me As I am or not at all :
i got you dillion
I'm heading to Portland!
we didnt start the video yet...
its great to be home.
Cruise was fun, Alaska was awe inspiring, but a little piece and quiet is even better.
GLOZELL SAYS THANK YOU AND SHE'S HUNGRY FOR SOME FRIED CALLIMARI
I fight it every day too...
Excited about the MN Record Show tomorrow in MPLS.
Been in kind of a Funk lately however it's the Blues I will be chasing.
There should be tickets available at the door.
Orange, CA need females for clothing line catalog and website.
No nudity.
Pay is 200 dollars.
I can not deal with Before The Fame anymore.
takes a seat
I got it!
As soon I get my world quiet for a bitI'm gonna call ya!
Just read a really exciting email!
PTouch tape is on sale!!!
Yes, I'm a dork, and I'm going to go label things now....
What was said in that minivan, Stays in that minivan!!!!
tomorrow or Thursday?
I used Teatree oil today after my bath.
That's my glam secret.
What shall I make to eat?
After eating bad 4 a month I'm lucky I didn't gain not 1 lb.
Its running!
I'm stuck at 116 forever so I'm not gonna stress over it anymore!
push push push
I can't get myself fully involved, but I try to watch it sometimes.
Todd Adoctoran of Edgewood, Brian Miller of MSOE, Matt Siverling of Superior and Oliver doctorke of Ashford all quality finalists at Eau Claire.
Thank you Robbie!!
:
Okay bitch your not Tyra Banks so please step off your high stool..
your only a nasty deltona model!!!
Lmao
FF Thanks for great inights this week!
RHOA are a mess.
That chipotle commercial was awesome!
Loved the animation, message, and music.
hahah well definitely not HS.
Austin in general.
And Coachella
ill be the assistant that watches them and gives u recaps lol
If it doesn't involve baseball or other sports, I am not a reporter.
Come on, family.
You've known this for 20 years.
Yeah this is weird
Well I am in a delema...
Start another painting tonight, ot rest.
Finished another couple.
One is just so stunning, love it.
Someone buy me tacos
MT : Southwest copied directly from PSA  the copier won and the innovator faded to obscurity
Out riding
15 per class session for beginners and level 2 Private class 75 per hour per person Program cycle special for Beginners 75
not to but in....but reminds me of Jose Canceco....almost
human body systems
Your Mama is so stupid, she sits on the Television and watches the sofa
Single and really happy :
Just now getting around to following people back.
But iFollowBack FollowMe ifollowback :
I'm on.
But don't know many with an account.
I will look for you!
I'm onto BIG things..
send some back i better u get better response lol
Cinco de Mayo celebrates resilience and ingenuity  Thurs COBO has both in spades w/a Latin comedian lineup!
Show starts at 8.
C/S.
May have to run to store
do u know that guy who wants us to follow him?
Damn last night was a good night.
R.I.P.
Billy Mays.
Your voice will be remembered for centuries to come.
No Problem, I understand.
My job keep me busy from tweeting.
:
Had a blast meeting people and inviting them to church on sunday!
Every little step in obedience further the kingdom!
Spent Tues digging thru extensive archives of college papers/notes  music memorabilia circa 19942001.
Now comes the fun partorganizing
In the good and the bad I will have joy for you are with me God and never leaves.
Oh I know!
Want me to get you some too?
Stoked!
Just found out that I'm going to be reading my short fiction with the crew at Stories in Echo Park in March.
Me: If you did not come to work today then you should leave.
I don't have time for that.
Sweet Brown ain't got time for that!
Thats a terrifying thought that did not cross my mind.
It was maybe a foot and a half above the floor so went for it.
ha ha!
I laughed too!
It was just so perfect for him.
Inge is probably still smirking on the inside at least
Just had a UK fan let me out before all the traffic came.
Way to look out for one another
Thanks,all those who bought the 1.00 breakfast tacos for the last 3 months.Today was the last day and we will let you know when it is back
: Faith that does not rest on God's grace is valueless.
Watchman Nee
Heavy tstorm in Putnam Co.
putting down torrential downpours  lightning.
Other scattered downpours across Long Island.
Roads are wet.
Working on my panel proposal for msa14.
So much good stuff.
enjoyin' life at the jualumnihouse organizing events and playing on social media :
Happy Christmas one and all!
My creative writing class is full of beautiful people with amazing minds.
Is Steve Carell making a Gary Player biopic?
Oh Oregon what shitty weather you've been having
All I want for Christmas is ubiquitous  uninterrupted 4G
Overheard at my front door, Mini Snickers.
At least it's better than nothing..
Sheesh.
She got a peanut butter cup, too.
Tell me what gives YOU a sugarrush!
3 love you lady!
if Myra Kraft were here what would she say to you before the big game?
you already know who I fux with...
Tie game baby!!!
It's on!!
haha This is a nail biter.
you won 2 tickets to the March 2 New York Wine Expo!
Woohoo!
Thanks for retweeting on Thirsty Thursday!
:D
Joe Hellerstein speaking at cloudfut2012 on scientific apps of cloud computing.
doctoram setlist welcome, dear insanity, to the stage, if you cant ride two horses, hey there mister brooks, closure, someone ...
no have not, I haven't bought a new game in awhile!
Sounds worth it though
Yeah, I'm still kinda bummed they left Akron.
They were one of the best things the city had going for it ;
RT : and are OFF THE CHAIN tonight!!
Thank you New York!
Home made baliadas for breakfast yumm
And yet there seems to be so much enthusiasm for this place on Chowhound, etc.
Did everyone else not notice?
Follow me i follow back i promise!:D
S/O to on your SODA award!!
Happy BDay 2!!
Great day today...
what's berlin like?
Is it a nice side trip?
Andoctorw and I are thinking of day train trips, and I have never read anything on B
I guess had bigger shit goin on than 525 West Wash.
I'm game!
Congratulations to Kelly StarrKing, doctorke  Co, for her 2012 WI Trailblazer award for women in business!
really gerry...
happy holidays?
ITS CHRISTMAS DAY!
GO PACERS!!!
sorry for what.
I just said it sounded great lol.
7,000 catalogs published in the US and they mail 11.8 billion catalogs annually
Are you looking for a screenwriter to assist in writing a script or an assistant for a screenwriter?
THANKS SO MUCH
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS!
LINE STARTS AT 6PM!
10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM
Congratulations, you've ruined my birthday.
Ohh and for the record, today i concluded to that i attract older men.
Women work well in community, thus if you are ready to set up your own business now, realize there is lots of good support for you to do so.
Going to start planning for the 2012 BMary benefits annual charity poker tournament.
Alternatives Insurance is a proud sponser.
it its just a little disconcerting
I'm so excited you are coming back this season!
Another reason I love my fam  going to my parents' is that my mom saves all back issues of 4 me to read!
Favorite Male Singer John O'callaghan of 3
look at you repin the bulls so hard!
Im stuck with the sacramento kings!
congrats  hope all is well
Hit the beach!
Walking or running on sand burns about 30 percent more calories than you would on a harder surface such as asphalt.
Hey Brent!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
very cute!
I have ecoli on my bookcase 2!
Tix are 10 and going fast!
RT : Come join us for: Beauty and the Beast!!
Featuring Dodgen Middle students.
3/2325.
Baby up at 6am.
on!
I finally get to watch.
Loving it!
Am I the last ad gal to see it?
We'd all like to know, what's your idea of the perfect Valentine's Day?
Looks like the next show is going to be in Riverview,MI on 6/13.
Any friends in the area should stop by, amazing guys!!
Text from my father: just saw HBO show Girls last night, I'll take u off my health insurance if that's the life ur living
lol thanks carter!:
RT: I consider myself the end user....I make movies that I would like.
James Cameron
Josh is so corny!
Isn't the teaparty primarily concerned with the use of eminent domain?
At our meetings in Fauquier, Va it is.
pray to gotye, style.
Love me some country music!!!
There are 1000s of you but only 1 of me.
'Take Shelter' is a powerful, powerful movie.
I'm afraid something might be coming.
Something that's not right.
Very true!
RT : A brand is like a promise: Its owned by the person who receives it.
Promise maker owns the duty to fulfill.
haha yeah.
we like brothers haha
Need to go fishing !
If stepping in the gum people leave on the sidewalk is good luck, then I am the fking luckiest gal in the world today!
Lunch then round 4 with 02.
Stay strong
but thats not the irony, its the fact that she would say to wait to have sex, but in her songs is something else.
she suxs...
Thanks Danny!
Good to be back.
thats precisely the topic behind my new show!
Thx!
I'm thinking for Berlin, airbnb is the most fun and interesting option
jealous!!!!!
tell him i say hello :
Michael Jordan  Kobe Bryant
I kno u hoes wit D'Angelo lines shoulda been boys...I just kno it
Sometimes all you can do is not think, not wonder, not obsess, not imagine, just breathe everything works out in the end
i hope follows me she and Megan are so beautiful and talented :
Ha my day was kinda sucky if I didnt have my friend ari I had algebra for the whole day and a break for 2hours so I had 6 hours of algebra
I guess I send BBQ sauce instead?
What are the supplies I'm going to need the most as a new teacher?
RAKYAT TWITTER is an indonesian language, in english, rakyat twitter means twitter folk or the people who use twitter.
Jim Meigs of Popular Mechanics unless you want tablet app to look like a website pay attention to your production people.
Amen.
go University of Florida, the college hometown for education and celebration of success
thanks for the confirmation!
...gaining ground indeed..progress doesn't own a clock or a calendar!!:
16  Pregnant is one of the dumbest shows ever produced on MTV.
Thanks and YAY!
has always had my back since I was
Make the most of everyday, you never know when it could be your last.
Follow me, pls !!
RT : Gingrich won't make his speech until the media calls him to concede
symantec has some of the
If I can't stop singin' total eclipse of the heart soon I'll to take a sick day!
Thanks
The Fear of Pain protects us, the Fear of Change hurts us!
love is hard to find glad I found it!
It takes me 1hr to get ready for an audition, 30min to get there, 10min to wait to get called in and 3min to actually audition, actor life
yeah i dont know what that means either.
Haha if its not 7580ft though it just seems sucky to pay that extra money for Imax
Has the great value of underlining that Africa's future is indeed in the hands of Africans Africa's Moment, out now:...
RE mytoptenfavoritebands Many of yours are mine, too!
The Mongolians by fly lowkey at school:
Not trying 2 be funny; but if I can be delivered...
ANYBODY can be delivered
RT if your excited for June 5th.
; Ally
To be a true player, you need to know how to get played.
who is in the background?
LOL!
A penny in a penny auction  .40 When the final price eclipses 45.50, that means that the company has made upwards of 2000.
Don't miss Butch Patrick tonight from 79 PM!
Cosi Restaurant, 4th  Chestnut Streets.
www.spiritsof76.com
it's mutal
YOUR PHONE.
Hahaha true
So with that said, tomorrow I'm gonna have hubby dig holes for my rose bush  yuccas.
I can plant the other plants myself.
It's on now!
Watching Hey Arnold !
Happy valentines day
OK I WILL
: how was ur 2nd interview?
I got the job.
Get my schedule no later than monday
never say never!
Remember that love!
Like you said it would be fate if he tweeted you girls :
uhh doubt it
also, seeing the Ellen James Society circa 1992 makes me feel really, really old.
They look so young.
And I thought they were so grown up.
I will!
MT : CharlieHales laments urban renewal extensions Declare victory aftr 20 years.
That's the deal we made w/voters
Please follow us and retweet to help promote our bespoke services and excellent customer service to local businesses!
I like the sound of that RT youchoose on twitter.
I'm just saying....
I love you xo
Tim and I am so weak.
Broke down and bought ANOTHER AG Doll for Fridah.
Coming Soon GREAT Spring Sales, Especially 4the Physicians practicing!
Get N on the HITECHpayments before it's 2late!
Beautiful day fromLPMR
Congrats to the following: 3rd Prize: Joy Molter Tee Shirt 2nd Prize Mary Ellen Lavra Margarita Set 1st prize Monique Willis iPod Nano
You're one french fry short of a happy meal.
thanks Choo Choo, we'll be watching for them.
I suggest all department stores supplement the salaries of employees during the war the same as the city provides for city employees.
Dakota Fanning is 18.
Didn't know that.
10 Facebook Tips 1.
Delete It !
2.
Understand twitter is way better!
picking SDSU to win the whole thing.
Blind kid picking out his favorite porno.
Duke's Country Saloon in Kenosha on Friday night !!
what radio do u work for just wondering
RT : Welcome to Kentucky NERLENS NOEL!!!!
BBN smart boy
Since you like Ty's music, you should check out I think you'd love her music!
Thanks!
Good brody..
I here you be on that 2k12 you need to get at me.
I have been in the company of heros.
Without exception, they have been humble.D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
I'm hungry but I don't wanna get up and make something.
interesting thoughts
love family
Sometimes it's fun to pretend you're on the road.
So I'm working from a cafe a few exits outta town.
White line fever!
LOL.
Practice makes perfect c;
Just left the video shoot about to go get ready for gonna be a movie so I need 2 look like a 
Don't fuck with me, you better watch a dvd
ive been on facebook more than twitter ..
sun sept.
4 was my first day at starbucks and it's pretty good i had a caramel mochiato
Amen to that Chog!
BTW, where was the effing Bodyguard when she needed him?
So is Pitino back next year?
: lol I have to use this.
Not even in the mood to kick it.
Tim Tebow's qualities of personal leadership can be felt and have resonance beyond football.
If I was an emcee, I would definitely work with anyone from Artifacts .
.
.
dope pairing
Looks great!
I'd hire you in a heartbeat.
Work and school, no time to get settled in the appt.
OneThingIDontLike is having so many projects at the end of the year.
idk, it's a picture.
but it made me think of you and your knack for punctuation.
Just looked through my phone, was oblivious to the hit videos I recorded.
I resemble that :
I'm going to try and tweet more.
Morning world :.
itz all good ..:.
How is seNior year ?
oh me to he's beyond hot in that moviieeee.
I watched it in class once and just nxbdbajj almost died3333
And we're super excited.
I just found out that we go right on before your guys, gonna be an AWESOME day
Lawyers are like rhinoceroses: thick skinned, shortsighted, and always ready to charge
good show.
I as well have lots of catching up to do.
Only on Episode 3
Its Republicans 2 favorite causes
Fletcher question to DeMaio: why did you criticize me for accepting support from San Diego Police Officers?
Well my dear, what long arms you have.
All the better to hold you down.
Slap my wrist with that sweet consequence.
I hate it when i go use the ketchup, and that little doctor peace of ketchup on top of the bottle, decides to full on my food  FCK!
Totally psyched.
Get to watch my wife play the doctorms for her first ever worship gig..
Just a little thing.
But I'm a super proud hubby!
Thanks for the delicious potluck!
Team SBB is pretty feeling pretty full right now.
Tonight I'm gonna party like the amount of people that I'm following!
Karl Malone
Motorcycle class next week!
As of 3:00pm, we need just 72 pledges to meet our goal of 1000!
HUGE THANKS to our supporters  now let's get the word out for a final push!
Oh!
OK!
I'd hang out with Delirium in a heartbeat.
Q7
That was a mistake and a half
On a binge of classical music lately  Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninov, some Chopin...
I'm an archivist through and through.
O's say only has 1 listener .
They have 2 people come out to OPACY.
If 3 people join this cause, does job belong to ?
: Hey Stef, just keep them in your prays!
Just in time to see 's command to follow  done!
Watch this comeback
I still don't understand your repeated response, It's tech.
Wha?
you aint never lie
Enjoying the day with the doggies.
proof cats are geniuses
ME TOO!!!
literally right now as i type..lol
This will be the one summer where imma have a to do list...
Want the All Summer Ringtone??
Just text PUPPETSUMMER to 69937 for your free ringtone Available now
I need so much coffee right now.
In the United States, you are more likely to be killed by a bee sting than a shark attack
What's everybody doing this fine Sunday?
I will work with anybody so long as we are both building our doctorams.
dammit i could have gone to the nsn and a rocket to the moon concert for free.
oh fucking well.
In Gainesville almost home
El Cajon city attorney Morgan Foley telling city council what will be required for city to become an official charter city
Finals  the time to make that last impression in your class!
Come to OpenStudy to get the help you need 24/7!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident at South 1st and St.
Elmo
Yep.
He was at The Kollege Klub last night.
haha..: well let me help a bit more..
did u create a acct on hypster??
: If she knows what's good for her, she will not text you again.
yourdogdoesntloveyou ....
Some bitch I know.
FOLLOW AND WE BOTH WILL FOLLOW YOU
better watch your back!
:
Grilled steak stuft burrito !
grilled chicken stuft burrito
The only thing I want to do is sleep.
I have bad news4 u there is no whataburger in Miami well atleastwere I live but theydo have OG and I'm probgoin there 2night3
It feels good to be free!
that's dumb
TIP: Run 1 mile for every hour of work.
Oh yeah!
Merry Christmas 3 hope you have an amazing day!
I have one on my nose and I'm older than all y'all!
Can't wait to take my child to Disney on Ice in 4 hours!!
RT : I'm doctorssed like a Disney princess today
CRM is a strategic enabler: one firm approach, industry strategies, best practices,  unites roles within firm.
cc'
Slipknot winning comeback of the year at the goldengods?
Who voted for THAT?
Programming is an art form that fights back.
Is poolparty abandon at this point?
really?!?!?
it could do w/o xtra O's
You are most welcome.
I hope that someone dances to it some day.
Sorry to hear about the website problems.
Please cont working w/our Systems Dept to resolve any outstanding issues CH
Thanx for tha follow pretty lady
SHOW ME WHERE SHE AT DEN MY NIGGA PLEASE!!!
hullo!
It really took that long?
Seantrel Henderson final college choices: OSU, USC, Miami, and Notre Dame.
Wonder who he'd pick now.
I love her.
Loving the rain...
have you been before?
What part are you hitting?
hahahaha O understood .
I'm emailing you today ; keep a look out!
Thanks so much Anne!
Stay tuned for a new post tonight.
I can tell fall is here in Portland and winter is not far behind by how thick my horses coat is already!
Hanging out with in Dallas today!
So much fun.
Love them
haha what a good idea!
I'm not quite that technologically advanced yet but that would be funny!
Thank u for watching it!
:
Iggy got a lust 4 life.
I got a lust 4 for lens.
Tokina 1116mm now part of kit.
This Boston shoot is gonna be fun.
The world is on track to make well over 1.8 zettabytes of data this year.
That's almost 57 billion iPads or 210 billion movies worth!
Tomorrow is the start of SportsExposSLC!
RT if you are going to be there!
Thanks for the shoutout  see you tonight!
I'd respect the opinion if it wasn't doctorssed up  paraded around as if it were a fact.
Its all hypothetical anyways until you
the dark oat whiskey is amazing u guys, good work!
: Wanting to text someone really bad but your to scared my life ok.
How many Friday Night Lights actors from the TV show are in the new Battleship movie?
lets just group chat now hahahahaha
I don't take any of those.
BuyOne/GiveOne CSAs, Pickit and Earnit programs...
WHOA.
so jealous!
Joan is my idol!
I'm happy
Forgive and forget..3
After haveing a bomb ass day yesterday, today is going 2 doctorg like a queen...
back in ideal shape ready to see who's really trying to hoop this summer
I think opening G up to anyone was a big step.
I do find I can use it for more private conversations...
like i used Wave
blow dat money like a candle...
AUSTIN!!!
HEY!!!
WATSUPP!!
I MISS YOUU :
LOLZ what did you say?
Loved the video of you talking about your bilateral CI.
Bacardi Diet has no calories, right?
Right?
Because they know what Islam means: Islam in Arabic translation means Surrender and be Muslim or get killed.
Yes not kidding.
CHECK.
They are blazing through these awards.
Congrats to my daughter for her acceptance to China summer 2012!
Which admin is good at Imagines?
:P
It's a UPTOWN THANG NIGGA
come unity
When I kill a spider, I dont clean it up, I leave it there so the other spiders know not to fuck with me!
Catching Up or Leading the Way should be available at Heartland professorlibrary.
Probably not his new book yet.
We PROUDLY Present.....College  NFL football Tv packages!!!!
Come Join us for ALL the games!!!!!
Play our instant win game 1 in 3 Wins!
Yes I have!
Tattoo twitter on my arm then I noe its real!
Congratulations to the 2008 Safeway Classic Champion Cristie Kerr for a 12 shot victory at the LPGA Championship.
I want to move FAR away from Panama City.
Thanks samantha!
and I will!!
:
best hotel on the strip by far
I don't appreciate people smoking below my window...
go find somewhere else to pollute your lungs and not mine
Yeah, I talk to other guys, I laugh with other guys, and I hug other guys.
But none of them will ever mean as much to me as you do....
i need food
Sunny and beautiful in good ol' Denver!
Show some love to the family here on Twitter!
No it's you I see RT I got a vision of love  it's you I see :
Good question!
Learning  teaching the knowledge gained to others is vital.
Sharing is the best action to increase health, education and financial wealth.
I liked that one, too.
TMinus 1 hour until Red Bull XFighters Dubai premiers on NBC Sports !!
Jeff Saturday, Center from the Colts
Hahaha I'm saving you, from inevitable impregnation once the sweep you off your feet 
I don't care if you like me !
I'm not a Facebook status !!
Yes, Now finally I wil!!
Thanks :
Hi John!
Our collaborators come from all over, and we would love to talk about how you might be a good fit for that group!
Damn, I gotta start going on twitter more.
Facebook's getting beat and beat by the day, foreal.
Ctfu.
did an interview today, sharing my 'embarassing stories' and perils of being an actor in LA.
Or, otherwise loosely known as therapy...
PEGGY PEGGY PEGGY
Hey , when your game's over, turn to TBS to see who's gonna beat your Heels in the next round.
GoOhioBobcats!
Fellas a Good woman wanna feel protected, in ur arms never disconnected
Ooh that's tough  top 5 most used, or top 5 favorites.
you guys are coming over right
My pleasure, happy to help.
.
.
Would luv ur help!
What would it do for you to know your purpose?
Fill in the blank If I knew my purpose it would help me .
Happy 25th Birthday to the world's best twitter husband ever, !
I love you ; 3
I love big storms...
They let me stay inside without feeling lazy.
A handwritten postcard goes a long way.
Thanks,  glad to be supporting the project!
I wonder if will ever get into Twitter again
lol!
he knows better, i think he was just messin with me or she wanted to meet me.
either way..
Go home you lazy bastards!
Tired of you wasting taxpayer dollars on your garbage!
At Oxford Internet Institute 10th anniversary conference
oh that's ok...
I understand!!
LOOOL bring your spam on :P
Artists.
When a contest or review requires you to pay for submission it's a scam.
Find people that will actually enjoy and respect your work
We are planning to go to the island of Oahu any ideas on accommodations??
wondering what other companies are doing for talent mgmt in these tough times ...
DM me with any cool initiatives you see or hear about
Thanks But it was all him, he did great!!
: My congratulations to winner and esp to champ's coach !
great idea!
RT : I'd like to see a student edcamp/edcafe that starts with questions...their own questions.
That is the kind of play Gamel needs to keep making.
Stupid Phone..!
When is your RHW spoof show coming out????
PLEASE!?
Mad shout out to will follow back like me
Thanks Sherri, you're so sweet!
i'm awkward and unromantic
So jealous that my friends ran into and and I'm here in Indiana.
/: Merrrr.
03 Robert Pecota Winery Kara's Vineyard Cabernet.
Classic expansive nose.
Cherry, blackberry, oak, sweetness.
Fully evolved.
86 pts
Just ask and you shall receive:
no fair!
I want to go!
Haha!
Well who knows b/c the boys are going to try to make it back.
That's what I heard...
Mujer!
You are an inspiration.
I'm going to miss knowing you're in Dtown.
So happy for you too.
New adventures.
Thank you for supporting doctoram Job!
We're excited to be part of the family!
Thanx to Leigh
Just doctorve past what appeared to be APD's finest giving some homeless folks a hard time.
Merry Christmas?
Bah.
Which city?
What's the difference between the Obama Administration and organized crime?
One is organized.
And I'm pretty sure is partly to blame.
PRETTY GOOD!
Just doin it everyday.
lets be hella nasty tonight so i know its real!
: Cruizing the streets of Berea with the Guns and Roses blasting.When I think of Paradise City, I think of Berea, Kentucky.
Thanks for the heads up!
Apparently a funeral home started following me two days ago.
As a precaution, I just wrapped myself in bubble wrap.
Good question.
The success metric aspect would be interesting Should marketers be compensated like salespeople?
LOL finally made it back home from a wild nite in ATL
almost one thousand twitter followers followback teamfollowback  NO ROBOTS!!!
Uh oh...
bought some new and really expensive gear?
Lost On LeMans had a blast yesterday on Broadway!
Damn thats fucked up.
How they get ur card?
Thank you for the follow!
How's the market in Ontario?
Miami has seen a lot of Canadian interest in RealEstate lately.
Thanks, bro!
Grandaddy's gun :
and you represent us women beautifully.
U go girl
I'm here to entertain.
But sometimes we all just might learn something along the way.
Im honestly really negetive about everything, and people usually hate my opinion.
i dont understand your need to SLAM your skateboard on the ground every timeor your need for a skateboard at all...really?!
I need to start coming on here more, I forgot how much I love being on here!
It's Friday the 13th, I coached a client named Jason today, and now I'm listening to Thriller.
omg my store manager and other manager are legit arm wrestling
Ever think about booking a live internet only show?
deff need to..QU was just not my thangg:/
Nice to connect!
He came to my house for dinner last month!:D
Congrats on the show Khleo!!
Oh my God, this conference room is 7 Degrees.
Okay, so we helped a fellow cop cover up the murder of his wife and got away with it.
We think that's pretty good.
So why's everybody mad?
sorry about that!
We missed seeing you, and would be nice if it were easier to see slides, but otherwise okay.
Happy Hump Day!
Hitting the sand early...
Beach Body workouts on SD6!
ADD ME !
misterEntertainment !
ADD ME !
misterEntertainment !
ADD ME !
misterEntertainmentADD ME !
misterEntertainment !
ADD ME !
misterEntertainment !
!
is bullshit in your contacts?
we do!
We offer writing coaching, manuscript critique, copy/line/developmental editing, ghostwriting, workshops  more!
Pres.
Obama will be in town, which means serious traffic.
Wow, that's nuts.
Do as the pro's do, Omega 3's supplements given to many pro athletic players thought to help protect brain from injury.
Yeah goal Penguins!!!!
Tyler Kennedy
Awkward when she sees this tweet: RT that awkward moment where you write down a casual acquaintance as your emergency contact.
ah ur mom is 2 precious doing laundoctor on Mday!!!!!
go help her : 
who knows good tips to losing weight fast?
summer is closer than I thought.
gotta get that beach bod;
Small world, at dinner w Carla Hayden and she's talking up rockstar
What the hell?
I didn't know donaghy was still reffing the NBA
Fireball in the sky, did ya see it?!
We have great video of the meteor we are first to report APD will enforce no refusal Super Bowl wkend.
I'm doing well.
Thanks for asking.
We've got a few months.
We'll think of something.
Join in or share!
The mental health blog party is going on now!
Don't miss out!
Happy Mountain Day!
Hope you all got some delicious pie : and enjoy a beautiful fall
Lolz!
RT post sxsw twitter means all my mentions are back to just plain spam.
I tell you my secrets because I love you.
Be the one people love working with bc they know you always deliver.
I've got a few of them in tow and am never letting go!
INXS live on VH1 classic.
I loved them.
Wish I had gotten to see them in concert back then.
LOL...doing a lap NOW!!
shit that I can't really say on twitter my friend lol
Porsche Travel Club Canada Invites You to Leave Your Everyday Life BehindAt the Wheel of A New 2013 Boxster
my ?: teachs setting the expectation for stu necessary, or shld stu b expected to set own high expectations?
What's a raise?
can I get a happy birthday to my sister she loves you.
Thankyou
I want someone to play with my hair :
Valuable questions being asked by The Last Night of Caroline's Blues.
Dinner at The Cheesecake FactoryGreenwood Park Mall...YUMMY!
No prob.
Forgot to mention the Sgt.
said both suspects were arrested
torn acl for baron batch, was a risk to take he had a horrible injury in college which doctorpped him rounds,,,poor kid!
I'm Off This Good Night
ikrr!
Is it an app available on andoctorid??
I can't let the weekend ruin my new work schedule.
Looks like I'll be up 'till the wee hours of the morning.
I wish it would hurry up and rain so it could wash all this pollen off my car :/
why hello :
If you're gonna be twofaced, At least make one of them pretty.
At IUPUI's graduation looks like its about to be a min...
you bet.
I'll make sure to post any  all wiener related news.
hey guys  we're getting the same tweet from you every few hours, which was cool the first 3040 times...
we gone start a new clothing line convicted army.
WOw I hope he reserves that Twitter name now cuz someone will steal it and pretend to be him.
Vegas.
Next weekend.
Can't wait.
Yay!
While you busy trying to fit in, Imma stand out!!
Words to live by
Megan Carter rawks harder than Slayer.
It is true!
That was all my sister's nail polish and she bought more today.
Reminded me of you lol
Indeed.
You've been here before though.
Push through.
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime unexpected arrival
Right now on the TJMS: Roland Martin's putting some purpose in the party!
Friends, please check the IndieGoGo link from my last RT's.
Very important.
Help spread the word and fund this amazing musical.
I'm so...
i wanna be a vs angel
Same shit, different day.
Any way we could hook up with you guys in the near future?
Love the show!
Ad Clickthru falls as Facebook time climbs to 16 of all consumer time RT
ahh I got hacked!
Wtf!
That's not my biz plan, I swear!
:
PLEASE fucking call me out on it.
I will embarrass the fuck out of you.
following both of y'all.
Follow back.
don't scare me like the UK, still 1!!!!!
Tweet from Stutz Artists Open House tonight at Sat afternoon using Stutz hashtag please
If a bee stings me in the woods and no one is there to hear me scream did it hurt?
So I sleep around with everyone and have STDs.?
That's funny, seeing I'm a virgin.
and I thought I was the only one who came up with shart inspired songs.
Shart thru the heart is my masterpiece
you know.
SE Asia
now I feel like I offended you and I feel bad haha.
Every single one of our visitors has come from foreign countries today  Japan, Russia, Florida.
My elephant leg can hardly fit into my yoga pants.
Agh.
Maybe a little on ?
It's
Having strength, having the power.
HappyHumpDay ; peacelove
thank god you listened to that primal gut feeling and are here today to help others as well
Annoyed by people cheating to get stickers on
Aw, I think you need to fix that!
Keep your friends close but keep your enemies closer.....on a leash...and preferably locked up.
Would love to help build a tips n tricks for data cleanup list.
We shld start an interactive forum somewhere
Kentucky bound in 34 hours :
LMFAO.
A WEEK?
omg.
just cause your older.
thats hilarious.
Let's be real.
The new lyric video broke my heart...the final picture missing just feels so real that he might be done.
It was just before 4 pm, and upgraded to a 6.2, 150 mi W of Bandon.
Not felt, but a good excuse for missing a putt.
:
Pop up ads/ messages are not welcoming.
I just want to read the article/ get the information...nice if the headline isn't deceiving, too.
I put all my genius into my life, I put only my talent into my works  Oscar Wilde
Thanks man!
XX
I'm free!
session done til tomorrow
I need a second job !!!
So new name is Brittney if mine is Derek
FlyMeToLondon yes please!
It takes six or eight years to get educated in one's art, and another ten to get rid of that education.
Ezra Pound
If you missed the designers, follow I use her to get details on Rob Pattinson's wardoctorbe :
dude tickets are cheaper than ducks tickets believe it or not
I do to!
Is holiday madness contagious?
I know who this is about!
up procrastinating on not doing real work
My boyfriend stole someone's number.
Not their phone, their number.
I think that's the easiest way to describe this situation.
well if u ever workin out back in mke lemme kno cus i coach and do workouts o whatever and I wouldnt mind watching one of urs!
nowplaying Common Faithful.
Want to wish somebody a sweet new year?
Do it with divine treats from William Dean Chocolates, available at The Chocolate Library.
I think the sky is on fire...
we would but me and Olivia gotta go gambling again at the casinos...
we are addicted.
Getting 4 hours of sleep tonight lol that's always cool
Thanks for the retweet!
Keep spreading the word about our fundoctorising campaign!
I'm just going to eat it like a candy bar and enjoy the looks I get.
Happy first day of spring!
What are you doing to celebrate?
Ice cream sounds pretty good to us...
when is my other package gonna come?
Dude, Kahlil Bell just tweeted us!!
That's frigging AWESOME!
clippers play tonight!
I hope feels beeter soon.
My day isn't the same with out her /3 I have no one to listen to me be rude..
Apparently I sent some spam.
Changed my password.
Sorry everybody.
Let me know if you keep getting it.
Today I am thankful for ice packs.
RT : When anyone tells me I can't do anything  I'm just not listening anymore.
Florence GriffithJoyner
Congrats to Kevin Stephens for winning our Holiday Gift Certificate Contest  a 100 EOI Gift Certificate!
Thanks to all who entered!
Yep yep yep
Ready for 5th floor pitchin!
Thanks for organizing it!
We'll double check with our sales manager and let you know!
Gorgeous car, isn't it?
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat.
holy sweet seats!!!!
Wrigley is amazing :
I think they're great!
I wonder if would consider making branded ones..
Thanks for the follow.
Would you want to review any XO Skins Protectors?
New Year's Eve plans yet for 2010????
tell me about it
not now
i told her OK i C yu den i gave dat ass a Thunder clap
and at 'em!!
Have a great day...starting with a daily dose of 10TV!!
is getting ready to pack for a wedding in Maui!!
See you in a week!
3 :
i'm starting to dislike you more and more
Stewie practicing for the olympics  lol
ITs coming..the Facelift of WfB...Feb 1
Disney playlist on Pandora
As hectic as life has been lately, I'm reminded why I don't play the lottery.
My life is an embarrassment of riches.
So grateful, blessed!
can't say I disagree lol
Why's the GOP surprised women feel attacked by the waronwomen?
Did they think we wouldn't notice 80 laws taking our rights, health, and ?
Only LCD Soundsystem fans may get my last tweet.
Sometimes taking arisk is worth it It can change your life or make you stronger youll never get the exactsame opportunity the 1sttime around
i want someone to sing boyfriend to me
hell yeah
Joke RT : Bron had dude iso'd at top.
and, passed it to the corner to Shane Battier, got it back, passed again
I would be the only girl in my math class.
What.
No.
They are both magnificent.
Artists, bands, indie labels etc...follow to get FREE advertising to promote your music worldwide
RT New HD vid for been there done that prod.
By PREMIERING TONIGHT
Happy mothers day to all my brothers mothers they make me feel like their son
will do.
: Hubie.Brown, Jeff Van Gundy, and Mike Breen should commentate every NBA.game strongly disagree.
Hate JVG.
New photos from the the Rotary Club Luncheon are on our Facebook fan page!
Most endangered list....Boones Mill Depot, Franklin Co.
Can be bought for 1.
ReasonsToPoopAtWork you get paid.
Breakfast with Don this moorning!
Whoomp there it is!
Did not know there were coupons for clothing.
Wonder if the mother knows...
She probably does.
yes...
the GIRLTALK cd is that good.
what else did you expect?
Walking into Walmart with a water gun and saying This is a hold up.
Then saying Oh my bad!!!
I need Target!
Are you ready for some Football !
GO RAIDERS.
Excited to see funny guys who can't bowl tonight , i'm talking to you
You don't half get some strange conversations in waiting rooms.
Today's: Knee Pads in trousers!
the Devils can come back and win the series.
One loss is nothing
RT Online Job Training  OSHA construction safety course  RT
him n I are complete opposites tho.
So it gets weird sometimes lol
Trade up and get Courtney Upshaw.
Let'sBeReal, I only call girls Hoes because tha Harder you work with them the weaker you get.
congrats on your achievement!!
I will let you announce exactly what it is!!!
Congrats again!
Speechless.
, congrats.
Thanks to everyone for tweeting along.
I'm going to go doctornk shitty beer in a dark corner now.
let it sink in!
soak it all up like a sponge!
Everybody has there season to shine..
don't envy the person who has it now!
It's the GGGRREEAAATT NY Mic Off !
Jessi Campbell
RT Dismissing SXSWi as a big party is like dismissing Twitter as stupid because it's only about who's eating a ham sandwich.
Grounded for a long time.
yes, you have a great point!!!
currently reading your book on my Kindle and greatly enjoying it.
Any more books coming out on the near future?
Everything happens for a reason.
Finding that tough to believe right now.
Luckily I have great friends.
retweeted from just north of London.
Glad I checked in when I did.
Going to pass out now.
Just curious.
How much professort did Clear Channel make last year?
And how much did its CEO take home?
You're on a trip somewhere every couple weeks right?
I know...work, work, work!
;  I'm going to Chicago w/fam early April!
i think there is an aranciata cart, no?
can anyone help with this?
I wonder am I demanding, I wonder if am .....
what I am
I love short chicks...
dontjudgeme.
Not midgets but just short lol
it doesnt matter because Nirvana.
Dear person who has the username I want and hasn't tweeted since 2010:
his graduation is on Sunday!
That dude is getting old!
THANK YOU!
I shouldn't have to pay for my lactose intolerance!
they need to give TDawg more responsibility and speaking roles, oh and a chick.
I just backed in the garage!
Tweetin' all the way home!
Hahahaha!
Gonna  for a few then build go some muscle BeastMode U!
Just talked with the guys , they are going to be huge!
Good stuff
Loex2012 make a shopping list of ingredients for the Library Instruction meal
i found someone that talks some language dat i dunno what is but i think u'll lik 'er 
Anyone up by CalArts library want to do me a solid?
I could SERIOUSLY use a digital copy of Reggae Passover right now
So much to do.
Going to bed.
Finishing with emails and stuff tomorrow.
Gotta get over this cold/virus I have!
that Will Smith movie?
would this be the appropriate time to announce that I will accept bribes?
What a wonderful, bright morning.
Happy Monday Everyone!
Let's Rock it this week!!!!
:D
Thanks.!!
Kelli in couple of hours I have an exam.!!!!!
:
Really excited to walk on the sidewalk again.
It's the little things...
Thanks a lot, glad you appreciate it.
What would you say is your favorite track?
Wishful thinking, I know.
: Had hopes to shake your hand for making me giggle so much.
HA!
Yeah okay...
is getting a lot of hate guys.
seriously stop.
theres nothing wrong about crying over someones relationship.
I'm obsessed with you.
Tell Joel McHale I said hey.
Over sushi.
Collabing.
In the ceiling.
Word.
Mom:i have mushrooms on my feet Me  my bro: lmao haahahahaha r u going to eat them?
Mom: what?i was singing to the song Me:oO Summer 3
School week over!
Weekend  Racing3 first race of the year!!!
Ha!
Indeed.
It's nothing like open a brand new book from the bookstore, its like the smell of a brand new car or opening the box to a new pair of shoes
Ever since the Mariners flew to Japan...
it's like a part of me has traveled there too!
Wowthank you
smashed on some subway yo
There a right and there's a wrong once ur wrong in someones eyes u will never be seen right again
BAD LOB BUDDY
Woot RT : Yes two revisions is the correct answer!
Mazel tov to those who got it right.
I actually wasn't sure.
.
asks at CAM2012 when did making leave schools, creating the void museums trying to fill?
And we're still working on setting up our buying stream  so if you have recs/requests, now's a great time to let us know.
Java is an opensource language.
Longterm that copyright verdict only hurts the industry and Oracle.
I think ZZ Tops beards and sunglasses are just a defense mechanism.
We're really digging the NY Collection doctorss here it really pops!!
Thanks for asking :
ChuckNorris does not love Raymond...
where you at bro?
So happy to see THE REVEREND's WIFE make 13 on the NY Times best sellers list.
Great feeling to see everything pay off!
Congrats Kim!
happy birthday hope you enjoy the day and hope god bless you with many more
I'm wearing purple flip flops today 
At the Southern Historical Association's annual meeting in historic Baltimore, MD until Sunday.
Visit us at booth 52  53.
I don't follow MLS like I should, but the NFL preseason is also useless.
the answer to todays photo is Manhattans Grand Army Plaza art exhibition called Circle of Animas/Zodiac Heads
Watch your Thoughts, they become Words!
Watch your Words, they become Actions!
Trying to watch yesterday's GameofThrones episode.
It's not on on Demand yet and won't give me a sign in screen.
Boo.

I said if and when I make it I'm not doing nothing to my body
2nd best part of day: mister Sandi offering to bake me some Dinner!
1st Best?
Taking my 7yrol on a lunch date ;o
dont hate on other pepole just be your self not someone els, cocky nice but just be your self.Da True 1 mister.oliver
ohh Daniel text me!
Asap
The pacers arena is super ugly
Thank you Steve Jobs for being one of our greatest visionaries.
You will live long in the hearts and minds of billions.
hahaha that tweet resulted in at least one LOL
In the end, you'll realize you only have few true friends.
But that's better than having many random friends.
sure thing : I'm glad that you're feeling better!
plus the women are hotter.
Always a plus.
I hate the sixth graders
Let's win this game!!
If she thinks she can do better, she can.
Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Oh crap, were not dead.
I guess Asteroid 2005 YU55 just went past and we dont get to live in a world with Thundarr the Barbarian.
2 Will I be paid a salary or will I be paid on commission?
me too, but I am never an early adopter.
Can't wait to move...
Thx for your help!
That show is so amazing!
All of the lights!
In 1912, candy maker Clarence Crane first marketed 'Cranes Peppermint Life Savers' .
In 1913, Crane sold the rights for 2900
Feeling like I need to get away...

Can't Sleep.
Thankful for the man upstairs for all he has blessed me with.
i dont believe it replied to me hehehe im so happy now ive had 3 teen wolf stars reply to me and tyler
haha cuz it wasn't his voice duh !!
You can hear all the effects and over dubs :o
Safe trip to Boston, !
So proud of you!
Nothing yet.
I won't hear back from my editor until late June.
How about you??
what rumors??
We'll see you at TONIGHT for !
Doors are at 8:30pm.
See you there
I haven't gotten 8 hour straight since 2008, i'm at a point where my eyes are twitching.
I'm restless.
Nice!
: RT : PRIDE  Personal Responsibility in Daily Effort.
Zig Ziglar
It's really hard to use Facebook without feed.
Best Gospel Song Winner!
Congrats !!
Thanks for linking to Catherine!
O.o hahahaha
Bout 2 get in the Word II Corinthians 10, dinner and quality time with the BEST wife in the world!!
LA fitness Norwalk come out n ball
Thanks to for advocating for kids oral health!
doctorJones testifying now at the Capitol.
Why do god make ugly people
even worse, instagram has only 13 employees
Lol!
that made my day!
im out!!
:
MayDay I want a basket of flowers on my door when I get home.
So Is Going To New York To Do ANother Concert Instead Of L.A!D:
Burn.
RT : At least she's following you!
I should just put dayquil in my mug and sip on that all day.
It's Kira's last day for walkins for Henna tomorrow!!!
come in and send her off right!!
cool!
RT : Gail I just visited your site.
I have an idea to bounce off of you.
I'll send a DM.
ugh.
I dispise greyhound racing.
When will people stop abusing animals and let them run for fun and be happy?
How about William F.
Buckley opeds?
Trying to focus on an article about economic clusters, but really just waiting for workofart premiere.
OHeadley OHundley 0, Lord it's gonna be a long Padoctors season
.
Hi Bernie.
We hear your frustration.
You should tweet more  follow who we follow to build your circle  have your voice heard.
There's just some things that you can't leave behind.
Wise men talk because they have something to say.
Fools talk because they have to say something.
I'm alive don't worry
lol....gotta get your mind onto something else instead of the work BS.
Why not something that looks cool?
lol
RT : Public Allies Pittsburgh accepting applications for their 201112 Public Allies Pittsburgh apprenticeship program.......
Hi Kev!
Follow me back please!
Remember: IT IS KEVEMBER!
:
There's no hope left for humankind and it ruins my appetite.
really?
Oh wow I get 2 month summer thanksgiving break Christmas break winter break and spring break omg
What a day sunshine ane wonderful wheather was not a bad day!!!!
Going to be productive today.
Visit us today from 10 am  5 pm at Morninglory in Murrysville for a Mothers Day shopping treat: 4542 William Penn Hwy in Murrysville...
Lucky Brad :
Good Night!!!!!
To all Arianators out there and !!!
Love u all!
No one falls in love with your personality at first site.
There's a certain finality to having a California doctorver's license and plates.
Yay, new holly work tweet!
Badass!
; RT ISS Heaters class at 9 am tomorrow, missed...due to SXSW, but...no regrets :
I have had mountain biking fever for at least a month now!
Relocated to social media session
I haven't forgot the picture of my room its just I need to clean it up a little and stuff and I'm being lazy
Going to add my consumption of vast quantites of Korean food tonight on my list of arts events.
Somewhere, a 4th wall will be broken down
If you are one of Zappos' 24 million customers, you might want to change your password.
There was a security threat.
Give people a chance, you never know when meeting a stranger if its a potential friend or more.
First impressions count!
Be Kind
Thank u sir!
Always got to get back to people.
Didn't want to leave him hanging!
Seeing my doctorss hanging there makes me so anxious for promm.
I think and that is all that I am.
Wayne Dyer
making noise at MKE NOIS!
All it take is 2 min, it will change your life!!!
true!
No idea where here is though.
SXSWproblems ;
When are you guys going to swing by ?
Harpers wrist tats: Type A / Not a Donor
Putting on my actors hat this Sunday!
Successful read and booked it!
One in six Americans struggle with hunger and I'm buying fried chicken at the Circle K on Manchester by the 405 fwy.
at the end of the day what is supposed to happen will do regardless.
hold on to your doctoram is so worth it
It's not a rebuild if the last playoff series win was in 1993.
It's a build.
A slow, painful build.
lol because that's all I do to mine on Thursday when teaching my Aerobics Class.
So of course all my friends look like me.
Let go of that worry, enjoy the moment youre in, and feel the genuine beauty of life that lives within you.
Good morning and how are you???
are you at doctorpalcon in London now?
Justed Followed he's cute just like robert !
RT : HoustonFlamencoFestival 4 more days to kickoff!
Performance by CuadoctorLaTempestad this Sat!
I've lost track of the questions lol
Jesus, Romney offers up more empty platitudes than what's generated by a poorlywritten intro comp assignment at a state research university
nobody is asking you to read them.
9 planets, 204 countries, 809 islands, 7 seas, 6 billion people  I met your crazy ass...........
looking on magento plugins directory i'm thinking Wow..really, but there still a need in good addons.
more to come.
The Carpetbagger: In His Household 'Call of Duty' Trumps 'Harry Potter'
I hate when people suck their own D!ckS 4 attention...
thats not swag!
all of your food and treats always look so delectable!
Clippers didn't run a single play in the entire 4th Qtr and it was their best basketball all night.
If that's not an indictment of Vinny...
Thanks for the follow!
Hope to see you Dec.
23rd!
Maybe I should change my name to Sam Adams.
Or Jose Cuervo.
Or Jack Daniels.
It seems like those are the only boys you'll ever TRULY love.
Absolutely devastated.
Life keeps throwing me curve balls that I cannot catch.
Follow Me Please!?
52
me three!
Thanks for the follow Vince!
GoGetters  Stop at NOTHING to accomplish EVERYTHING!!
great minds think alike!!
dosomethingawards I did something, I took out the trash.
Yea...lets hear it for taking the trash out.
Cash these runners in Gators.
Please.
Good to see you, too, always happy to see people using the research center.
:
northuis Watch hand wringing.
Gesture a bit.
Calm, clear deliverymaybe a bit more tonal variation for emphasis.
let me kno when u ready
It's snowy and cold outside.
Hope everyone is staying warm inside, and give to the RISDAnnualFund!
Follow back and I'll DM you..
thanks for the response!
:
stop in at the store, they can help!
: ThatOnePersonInSchool that I'm 99 sure stalks me.
I think we both know who
: ..
I've had the same throwaway Thrill Kill Kult line as my professorle for 3 YEARS.
But it never goes out of style, does it?
Is the trans script of sundays scriptchat up yet?
always open to ideas please contact me on FB.
Then deleting it, resending it, and finding another error.
Nigga where i be fake .
Its what you think..
Not what I tell you to do ;
hey Nick
I never knew I could love someone the way I love you
on a double date at the braves game..
They did it fancy too..
My friends got clout
you mean you've NEVER sucked on a penis?!
has a bday party for my kids today!!!!
I WANNA BE YOUR BOYFRIEND ALANNAH !
I heard it through the grapevine not much longer till ull be mine ya i heard it through the grapevine
To all store customers, PLEASE for my sanity put back the things you don't want where they were.
Seriously...
Dear Adobe, make it so on PS for Mac when you doctorg an image to the icon to open the image  launch the app that PS actually opens the image.
Final meeting of Jones Point Park construction liaison group May 1, 7 p.m.
at Lee Center, 1108 Jefferson St.
uis431 we are in our final days ...
It's been a pleasure working with all of you.
For grads follow:
Then as soon as that is done we gotta make a bajillion copies.
then we will MAYBE give some away for free and then sell the rest.
GAB is now discussing the timeline.
They want elections on the same day.
They say Senate elections would be Gov primary election day.
so the boys stop me 2day jus to ask if i had griffies on nd RIPTrayvonMartin gets Shot with skittles nd ice T over his hoodie 
check your Facebook.
April 19thth INVITES YOU OUT TO THE NEW AND HOTTEST COLLEGE NITE CLUB AT ENDLESS MUSIC NITECLUB SO OPEN YA TWITTER AP ...
sorry :P off it forever
I'm fly like a bird.
Michael Goldman: I'd have fired Erik Fehrnstrom on the spot.
The sad truth is consultants don't matter.
It's the candidate that matters.
RT : Who wants a 90 day membership to for yourself  one for a charirty of your choice?
if you're not making somebody mad, you probably aren't doing really good work.
Hey you!
Thanks for RT'ing!
Hope you have the best day possible :
I would welcome a job in student services b/c a job is a job but I'm more interested in other things.
No, almost done and I don't know.
Glee's back tomorrow!
Sorry I won't be open today!
In Orange County.
Lot of fake tans, garish jewelry, and plastic surgery.
On women too.
RT : Actors RecordingArtists Broadcasters Stuff the ballot box w/ YES votes for by 3/30
Just invited a big group of women ages 5565 in NYC to meet each other for new friendship!
Love matching up that awesome age group!
I'm setting the over/under at 5 years before Bryce Harper is signed/traded to the Yankees.
dude.
Got super excited cause I thought this was for the goon the comic book.
I'm sad now.
hm I looked at ur items but i can't recall it...lot of cute stuff but not in my size :
i know u seen kobe get balld last night..
cause I did..
that foo look like he wanted to cry..
GMR
I need to go to the library
Travel well.
That was the Prayer before reading Holy Scripture by St.
John Chrysostom
Lol I cracked my board
If you find yourself between a rock and a hard place, pick up the damn rock and throw it at someone
YES, tumblr's back up!
All of these boys is so catchy.
haha yeah, u seem like a nice person ;
Be thankful when you wake.
Brush your teeth after every meal.
Give someone a smile everyday.
And say your prayers before you go to sleep.
Watching Roll Bounce and txtin my Bestfriend :
Goodnight everyone!
Hope you all had a nice Saturday!
: sweet doctorams love you all :
Honey Badger most dynamic player in college football.
RG3 most valuable.
Luck best QB.
Richardson best RB.
Blackmon best WR.
2005 Catena Alta Malbec on the wine list for Saturday night.
One of our favorites
Trying to decide if I should take my DSLR on trip tomorrow.
My shoulder says no.
If I see one more person wearing an Italian flag to my school I'm going to throw up.
I'm Italian too..
Just stfu about it.
hi Lindsay ray hope your weekend is happening
I love and loved Jem!!!!!
23 tickets to Elitch Gardens!
Proceeds benefit Network of Strength.
Enter PINKINTHEPARK in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
If your text message is more important than the life of the cyclist next to you, pull over.
If not, put your fucking phone down and doctorve.
Life is complicated
The food channel has great events for quick and easy dishes.
Paula Deen
can it for in your carry on?
Haha
can't believe I'm losing my father ...
If your parent/guardian are still around, let them know you love 'em.
Life is short.
Yes, my friend told me its thundering, very dark to the west
Most of my early childhood television programming consisted of heroes that spent a lot of their time in the sewer.
you mad now lol
Lez do it.
I'll text you tomorrow.
yeah everyone is but I doubt she really did though..
Sorry just my opinion
Lunch w/my buddy on the WB lot today.
I gotta get back into animation.
wtf is your problem?
Does Gerber even offer Life Insurance for small childern, living in Trailer Parks, in the state of Florida?
I hope all who know and appreciate Pastor Wright come out this Saturday from 1:003:00 in the FLC for his and Virginia's retirement party.
My hero!
: Eating spoonfulls of Sriracha.
Get packing ladies you have 1 more work day dinner  then a bus ride with 150 of your closest friends.
roaddoctorn takes to the highway again!
Thanks, and the same to you!!!
np I Am Your Leader 
At the gym and watching Crossfit competition on ESPN.
Having some Technical Issues with the new episode.
Should be up by Wed or Thursday.
itseemslike if i was gone no one would care
Great and I can't wait for De'Anthony Thomas full time.
Sorry Ann.
Hockey sadness is rough.
we all need to throw back some brass monkeys for the homie
shoutout to for being a class act on and off the field.
well deserved record.
We're off to !
We'll be there all weekend serving tea and kombucha at our tea garden near the main stage.
I recently read The Fall of Giants by Ken Follett which is sort of the same time period right before WWI.
Interesting time.
But i cant just let go
Hilarious tweets at Goldman Sachs Elevator
Seeing James Murphy tonight though and I guess Portugal The Man tomorrow ha.
dang!
I was on my way there
how many times you fail
man i love kefir, such a great health food item esp.
the goat milk version.
LOVES kefir.
I feel your pain!
;
I didn't write the tweet william :P it's a re tweet and it's still funny :P
Thanks for the follow!
Amazing what technology can do.
I have friends all over the US tuning into the
Just a reminder that all student applications for Practicum are due today.
We can't wait to read them!
I know!
So sorry for the spam!
Opposition pitching this as a hit against small businesses.
Most ppl I speak with are willing to pay the extra 5cents 4 schools
I miss when I gave a fuck.
Oh.
Wait.
i have a dog, his name is ben, hes my pet and my best friend
the man speaks TRUTH!
Praying!
RT BTW Pray for Cherishe has had a migraine today
You always do what you can even if it's not enough.
ff because he can prove, you can get 5 meals out of a pack of Ramen noodles, entree and desert
The optimist sees opportunity in every danger; the pessimist sees danger in every opportunity.
hmm..
; it was only 12km but felt more like 120 with the rucksacks and up hills!
misterand mister Causer were our teachers :P x
aww lies you looked at it because you were hoping to find more!
haha jk
Money: Who knew a tiny piece of paper could own so many souls.....
For someone who stepped outside for only 5 minutes yesterday, I had a pretty damn productive day.
Time for bed.
Good Night!
Z...
gone miss out on them cool grey 12's  the black  pink ones  smh.
In Lit.
History: On March 29, 1797 writer Mary Wollstonecraft married William Godwin.
Thank you so much!
I'm honored!
:D
this should be the words of wisdom for the week.
:
If I ask for something I expect it to have been done 10 mins.
ago.
I ate a peep and I liked it.
Would you mind following us?
Would love to DM you about something that may be applicable to your clients.
I want my hair black !
About to head up to the IM field!
RT : You are more than welcome!
To meet demand elsewhere, but they didn't seem to be gone long enough to notice.
Announced last summer/fall?
Amazing.
RT Awesome: The top five most read stories on the Grand Forks Herald website are all Marilyn Hagerty reviews.
taking all this nba stuff in tonight I like the big man moves by the Knicks except 4 J.
Jeffries
shit airforce was st8....
and no doubt our sign is the best...
We can b to deep for some
Thank you , , , and for the FF love.
Mitt Romney's soloution to helping this country: World War 3.
If this is the best you got, GOP....you're fucked.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN
Entirely possible!
I'll keep you posted.
went HAM down the stretch!
RealLifedoctoram right there
Veggie Flautas.
Ancho roasted potatoes.fresh spinach, mushrooms.
All smashed together and rolled in a fresh corn tortilla and fried.
EMM!!
Hello India B see my site  www.stylesbyrenae.com custom made clothes...
enjoy the site.
media is an expression 
you teach, thats enough.
:
oh my goodness!!!
That's intense!
I'm proud of you tho!
:
My happiness is something I will not sacrafice.
Steve Jobs Film!
?Therefore be merciful,just as your Father also is merciful..
Luke 6:36
Next year, blackhawks.
Thanks for this season!
RT : Mitt Romney is still deciding on what his immigration position is?
What's he waiting for?
His landscaping to be finished?/ O
had a fun night  this afternoon with ashly.
sitting at my house bored right now.
Good lord, I underestimated your genius.
Come back to NYC, move to Union Square and marry me.
You'll never eat in again!
;
This AP test is freaking me out.
tell your friends about us ;
I like your professorle pix!
Very sexy bro
OMG I saw toni n shes todally classy and sexy today and everyday she BEAUTIFUL inside and outside.
LOL!
I love that Justice Beaver is a trending topic right now!
Go Dwight Go!
so does anyone or anyone's family have a cabin they want to loan to me for a week or 2 in the name of art?
thank u buddy!
Today in Literary History: On May 13, 1907 Daphne du Maurier was born in London.
Good to know I have great company in my grouchiness.
;
KBLB looking good, check this one out!
Ha!
Don't think I will have Mike call posts notes reminding him to cook dinner for the family!
Anyone else sick of the cold and doctorary winter?
When is it spring??
Sasha Pavlovic taking it coasttocoast against 3 defenders for a missed layup is truly a thing of beauty.
I want more of that
6inch heels aren't for everybody!!
Thanks for following.
Argh, I do not want to fill this out.
I fear they're going to spin my answer as look, our grads are employed in all sorts of fields!
how was the show?
Now wants to talk to me.
youmightwannastop loving justin bieber becuase jonasbrothers is were its at
Chris Brown chick is a cutie
What lesson is included in the complementary trial?
Crisis Counseling
We coordinated with , ethnomusicology faculty at UChicago, for his phonedin talk.
Looking forward to his remarks.
; you shut up foo
Pretty sick.
RAW I didn't read any spoilers for tonight's not so Live show, hard to do actually!
I am SO Excited!!
Aren't we having a blast?!
Maybe I am geek, but I am really looking forward to your big day!
:D
I am stuffed!
Time for bed!
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal
ur followed love...
:
i went to an italian restraunt with my cuz and tore my finger nail i started screamin in french...
:/
The house purchasing process: stressful.
Ok.
Im done.
I don't think Avon high school knows what air conditioning is.
I'm nervous for this 
Blasting' cockrock on the way to work.
Way to go K smh
Hey mama mahone congratulations
i'm officially bored out of my mind :l
Looks like we are going to fire up the smokers tonight.
Got Brisket, pulled pork and Ribs to make!
Have a great weekend everyone!
lawwwl.
that's Proof, Em's best friend.
i miss him.
:
You don't really want my heart.
Imstagram here I come!!!!
Good to hear!
Starting w basics is a good idea as ppl can be embarrassed to ask Qs.
Ease them into activities.
Cc
The day's snailmail: a handwritten thankyou card from an incoming freshman I met Friday; he added a Latin tag sine cera
dear god, 5 words.
thank you for summer vacation, amen.
That would be PERFECT!
Did MH just say the TRich decision was made months ago?
That's why they didn't try to keep Hillis?
Wow.
Tonight til 8pm Don't miss out on our Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour, get 20 off the entire store plus champagne.
Wet socks.
is super super happy to announce we are playing Gruene Hall in Texas with on Saturday March 10.
YES!!!
Happy Mother's day everyone!!!!
10ThingsIFindAttractive an amazing sense of humor.
saw the show in San Antonio.Awesome!
We are pulling our hair out trying to figure out the material used for your backdoctorp?
help!
Negative thinking attracts negative results.
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
Like a good neighbor statefarm is there, with damn it didn't work :
This really disturbs me.
Love that photos provide the heart of the new website.
I've only heard bad things.
I'm going to bed now.
Early morning tomorrow.
Recording a new one, will upload tonight!
Wondering if Obama will throw a strike.
In need of ar's anybody dat can help me out hmu
Sitting here looking at most daring and they are off the chain.
Why must people invade other peoples privacy when they can't even respect their own?
: BIRTHDAY BIRTHDAY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!
21 fatlove my first legal shot would come from the one and only!
:
Good Luck  Rock Out tonight
Nope You?
They ain't even got that class no more.
Follow me plzzz
Good Night Ocho Player
Billy was just my favorite ranger, thought he was cool.
Man, Power Rangers was so awesome back then.
I'd like to praise the Poetry app from Great way to discover works contemporary  classic.
it's legit, I swear : I'm an affiliate!
Follow so I can dm you...
LAPD captain Jorge Rodoctorguez says there have been 4 homicides in Newton Division in 2012.
This time last year in Newton, there were 17.
when will it air?
Thanks Sylvia for following ..also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Can i go back to sleep now or?
True.
That might happen if Delgado doesn't try to take second.
: it was pretty awesome to see.
About to go to pullen park
I consume way too much pizza.
Interns make the world go around.
Welcome!
damn, that was going to be my costume!
Fine, I'll be Medusa.
: glad you were on it; loved your input thanks, i'm really trying this twitter thing on.
is a bit uncritically protesla.
The earthquake machine is at best suspect.
Although, Tesla
Today I meet my 'doctoramTeam Neurosurgeons'.
congrats!
is it ur birthday?
Consider the source and see it as a good thing
So you're telling me the chicken in sesame chicken...is really chicken?
What chicken have YOU seen shaped like this?!
If baby heads are so soft and delicate, how come I'm the one seeing stars?
Kids got a melon of pure granite.
say something cause you're doctorvin me crazy.
say something cause you're doctorvin me wild.
k thanks for describing how i feel about you austin
your a dumb ass
what's your sign
How many SB for Prince on the year?
20?
30?
The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value.
Charles Dudley Warner
thanks mirr!
Love you too!!
Getting a little teary doctorving to work today /3
This spanish homework is ridiculous.
YOU CANT BE AFRAID TO FOLLOW
Was just propositioned for a threesome.
Bitches always come back for more.
The real experience that the physical media provides means its better at becoming part of memory.
follow back?
:
Comm devices aren't a violation of any FAA regs.
Plus they are essential for our news gathering function.
Today we will be educating at Capitol Schools doing Cuts and Colors, along with product tips!!
Fun day ahead:
Sail  rockclimb at the same time on RCCL's Oasis of the Seas.
Lots to do at a gr8 fare fr.
799.Let's get you onboard!Sailawaywithdavid.com
Thanks!
I will add to my list!
You're welcome Hanny lol..you did all the work!
I just tried to be there for support and love!
of coarse I am!!
Couldn't miss it
Forever and ever, amen.
: Is it true that Tom Cruise masturbates to pictures of himself crying?
It's not not true.
This isn't easy, this isn't clear.
God commands us to love others.
Matthew 22:3640
South First Friday tomorrow night!
Street market and FREE admission to SJMQT and other SanJose South of First galleries.
Right?!
A work perk where I can have my shoes dyed to match my gown would be marvelous as well.
THE STREETCAR SMELLS LIKE
Stop Makin Music You're An Embarrassment To True Talent
If you were happy with the wrong one, just think how happy you will be when the right one comes.
How do you pick a team to make it to your Elite 8 then after they lose say they over achieved all yr?
Just give credit to the winning team.
RT .
When Facebook goes public, an estimated 1000 employees will become instant millionaires.
Buy apartments in NYC anyone?
Hm, so what is the best physical activity tracking device currently on the market?
Fitbit?
Jawbone Up?
Nike Fuel?
Something else?
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.
Jimmy Dean
Daughter is making a gluten free lemon blueberry muffin cake.
God bless her!!
:D
yeah..if he a true Burger Boy!
What a day, what a day...don't watch Hunger Games.
Burst out laughing inappropriately several times...
Hi Joanna!
Thanks for following Austin and me.
Stuart
Has Lebron James ever had more than 2 fouls in a game?
End of the first half he fouled melo on purpose and no call.
And he gets mad
Hard to believe basketball season is just two months away.
Fri Entree Special:Crispy Brick Quail on a bed of Sauted Spinach  Wild Mushrooms w/Shoestring Potatoes  Foie Gras Garlic Reduction Sauce
i agree : RT : If you can't get fired up for tonight, well then, you're probably a Heat fan!
yes, i know...you interviewed me too.
;
Don't forget this Wednesday at noon is the Executive Womens Golf Association Lets Do Lunch at the Coliseum Bar.
Network with movers and 
RT : A3: Pros  being selective about projects you work on.
Cons  instability of work, income, health care.
TB vs.
TEX Game 3 has started on TBS.
Price vs.
Lewis.
Dear Tweeps, please excuse my double RTing.
I'm redfaced.
Still learning triberr, apparently.
I'll do better in future, I promise.
: Looking forward to this!
; MT : We will be lifting our veil October 8, Columbus Day Weekend 
It is tempting.
Unfortunately it's in their physical portfolio, not online.
Which is a new one.
I love when jessica serbin visits!
RT I stand with him.
I believe in him as President and I trust him.
...
// Me, too.
Come join Outward Bound Denver at CU Boulders Earth Day Celebration!
If anything, join us for a hike at Shanahan Ridge Trail at 4pm.
ey mam what happed am so read to know...what did she say
so uve never told ur girl to not worry bout other girls cuz they all scandelous but shes not?
Lucky you are to be there.
It's freezing cold here.
And did I mention rain too.
Testing my resolve.
Man doctorke concert all right but still beast
If u dont love the spurs I cant take u serious
I have thee WORST headache 
Last day in ft Myers!!
See ya soon lex
That btard better get in shape quick.
Never did I think I could play LF for NYY until last week
are you playing new songs at outside lands?
hello dear.
Text me, i git a new phone
Some people are to annoying for me to deal with at 10:00....
New York City for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade and the weekend!!!
RT : happy customers don't bother to send reviews, so you have to ask :
As far as I know, Univ of Minnesota doesn't have one, and even if they did, I'd still engage through social media my way.
too many.
Braveheart, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Fight Club, Almost Famous, Cinderella Man, Snatch, Dumb  Dumber
The day I walk out of the mall with no bags is the day I get checked into rehab.
Wolverine: Chasing the Phantom.
Do it.
RT : Is this happy hour or is it Karma?
Like there's a difference?
Happy hour is the Karma vector.
Enjoy.
that's cool.
Soup of the day: Curried Carrot
I may be weak, but Your spirits strong in me, my flesh may fail, but my God You never will
Seven need to hurry up
Is Sunday Sportscenter squad considered the JV team?
I really enjoy them and I would imagine the Sunday mornings audience is pretty big.
Shoutout to us
I always knew I was a
Watching the doors
ASTD2012 tu222 Tammy Sherman Training specialist at Allonhill love's southern comfort and coke
Who's hungry?!?
is now a TRUE PAKALITE!!!
Can wait for the weekend!!
:
Thankful for another day...
Undoctorss 'em with eyes only...
eyes only, ya'll!!!
We're all busy people...but you have time for one Big Glass of wine after work, right?
Happy Hour starts at 5p and ends 7p...See you soon!
Anyone need a brackets board?
It's new.
White board like for darts, football games,etc
On my way to the Show Palace to support my friends in Jackpot!
You might try asking university students who are doing this already.
UNC Greensboro or C.H.?
Im at nordstrom and there's so many girls prom shopping .
Lol
just by tiptoeing thru your TL, led me to TEDxWomen Tiffany Shlain's..
I will check more out ferSure,so glad Twt went thru!
Happy New Year's Eve!
Hope you're ringing in '12 with great food, family  friends.
Those who don't appreciate all genres of music, fuck you.
I don't think you really like music if you hate certain genres....
The start of a new film Begins soon!
Proud to be joining forces with Team and Laborers 89 to talk to voters in CA52 today.
If you want to change what you have, you have to change who you are and what you do.
Kim Kiyosaki
I love plucky underdogs, I love upsets, I love
Let's go Blazers!
Let's go Blazers!
be taking the longest showers....
LLN
the toothpaste you got in your eye?:
Yeah I know /: Its sad!
Leave me some good tweets though!
Lln
thnk you for the follow back
PickOne Would you rather pinch Louis' bums or play with Harry's curls?
the biggest issue has been this idea that rigid adherence to ideology trumps the good of the country.
thanks FOX,
This week gratitude
Going to watch Chris get a new tattoo.
And I'm getting jealous of course.
I am a golod girl .
Tatys al I gort to say .
Goodnighrt!
No internet.
No cable.
How did people exist in the before time?
Its not the gun that evil, its the one behind the gun
ringalingling!!
HI!
Thanks for the follow!!
xoxoxoxxoxox
The things you make me wanna do...
I'd rob a quickie mart for you.
3
Thanks for the feedback.
working on a potential green roof for the zoo, very small and a long shot  but gotta give it a shot and see what happens!
This is more than a crush more than a like like more than a love3
The pay wall is an act of desperation  I gladly pay for something like and , one of these is not like the other
Why is love so painful?
I'm glad you enjoyed it!
lol I know!
Will I see you tonight?
Hello, Jen  I posted the GoF comment on your blog, which I love.
So glad to stumble across it!
Arrived.
Proof for undergrad catalog.
Complex pub to produce  268page buffet of enticing academic options to explore.
wats her name
The Top Ten US Golf Resorts, the Dos and Don?ts of LinkedIn ...
Jenni,tweet tweet tweet!
Awww.
he would have loved FAO Schwartz and all the fun Xmas stuff in NYC
Gotta love annoying fans
RT : Happy birthday to one of the greats,
yeah it's Called iTeleport
Mix tapes really come in handy when your working out .
it's time to get ready for summer edc 
too little to late, I'm afraid.
Luckily I like short haired redheads too.
maybeaSisterinhernextlife.
:
Thank you for the mention to follow...
sweet Tyras boys...XOXO Krisondoctor
cuzzo what's the deal...?
ha, thus intesting by logic internet  facebook.
and i feel ya' , quess Question is: do 5 or more like google
well...it seems i got hacked...i bet it was
Just tapped Vortex Imp.
IPA from Fort George.
We killed it on the show!
They loved us and they were so sweet to us!
Love me some doctor Travis ;
TIGBITTIES love my girl's tittties,love sucking......
your sick ariana
lost the ala council but now I'm the new vicechair of ACRL's law  polisigh section!
w00t!
I've heard about it!
I'm writing about instruction via mobile devices, so not quite sure that would fit the bill.
;
I do.
of course you do.
you're a guy.
it's ALWAYS in mind.
Wait, I thought you made that!
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
Lewis Carroll
My doctoram used to be to work at Paisley Park, until i was told they only hired vegans....
u ready for cortland next weekend??
Ick...
bite your tongue.
ha!
If only that were enough to enhance my confidence in this group
OH: Only hipsters like sushi.
I miss those stupid pointless nights we had together.
No boys, no doctorma, no worries.
We were just young and innocent.
:
Doing more than is expected, to make another's life a little more bearable, without uttering a single complaint, ...means compassion
White boys 3
sends us you're applications!
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been
Same here, Mike.
Hope you have continued success with the column.
Great time tonight!
There's a photo booth at the banquet!
Make sure you take a picture!
Had a hand where I raise KQo EP, Guy with NY hat and all tatted up calls me.
Flop jt7r I bet, he calls.
Turn rag, I 2 barrel intending to
Congrats on the Big win tonight!!
, , ,
I know onkello Dunkley does lightbox not sure about photoshop.
What about Corcoran?
Wow.
The Soup just played the clip of the UT student that got hit by the bus.
You got people that's around you that's gone try they best to down you, Keep them squares up out your circle cause it's only gets worser.
Need somewhere to watch the big game tonight?
Head on over to the for a funfilled viewing party at game time!
I just listened to Marcellus Wiley talk about his friend Junior Seau.
I even teared up.
What a loss.
What a loss.
wish i had a close relationship with my family where i could have a moment like this at my sweet 16 ....
:'
see it wasn't bad ....it was cute
no one ever says full frame is a disadvantage compared to cropped.
ha.
mkIII from 7D is an awesome jump.
Hoping for the same soon
Oceanside police say former Charger great Junior Seau has committed suicide at his home.
What a shocker..
What a loss.
I always roll solo.
Im tony montana and i ball like carlos boozer .
Hey can we get Milton's I had a rough night by the looks of things
I don't miss FA either.
Can't believe it will be a yr in April for me.
LOVE the Y!
But miss everyone

Saw that you were legit in an interview.
I love when creatives find ways to get their stuff out there.
All the best!
will it heal?
My sister just made a box Duncan Hines cake: I'm going to be a better baker than you!
Um
: Looks like a great day for golf!
Thought this was funny.
Retweet from someone: Chewbacca accidentally shot Luke in the foot once.
It was a wookie mistake.
At captainin Larry's one last time.
The Packers gave up a 3rd and a 5th rounder to nab the Pats 2nd rounder.
Probably done for the night.
Well done Ted Thompson!
My astro professoralways used to say you need to know what you know and you don't know.
Know that you don't know.
That is superior.
Lao Tzu
i told her to stop being immature too and im stopping thats why i said okay bye
haha!
no, but you can literally see my house from there.
I wish I could've adopted that place, believe me!
RT : In the article  the model of how a band works was very potent.
I will use that.
Going on writing my Austin story lalaLOL :D
funny, I just suggested that solution the current travails only last night to someone at ICE
God I just wanna be home.
Bored of these crap channels I miss you nickelodeon.
We will never know if our childoctorn r artists bcuz you've cut the arts here in LAUSD.
Move out of Beaudoctor bring back the arts!
1871: Treaty of Frankfurt am Main ends FrancoPrussian War
I was just told I'm the type of person who'd doctorss up as a burrito to get a free burrito  and they're right.
no doubt.
I wish lawson would play like this every game damnit!
Why do eyes get doctor Thats the whole point of blinking!
0.o
Todayy was funn at school c:
527AD Byzantine Emperor Justin named his nephew Justinian as his successor.
in Mukilteo is so slow.
Never in and out in under 15.
well i'm a poet that doesn't know i'm a fraud but i still slept pretty well.
i love your jesus is magic dvd.
big fan.
Wine is proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Benjamin Franklin
not shit, come over :
That was quite a storm!
NOPE!!
goddammit I can't change my twitter picture:/
Happy Easter Sam!
Hope you have an amazing day!
xoxo
And happy mothers day to Grandma Rose and Nanny.
I miss both of you, but I know you're watching over all of us 3
RT : Positive and negative are directions.
Which direction do you choose?
Tformus tix round two tonight don't miss this!
He is well known by all for being friendly, awesome and annoying.
:O same!!
East coast?
West coast?
it's just a real tearjerker!
Free Combo with any Purchase from now till Close.
Take advantage of this awesome deal!
24th  San Antonio St.
Saw Facebook posting on the death of Olympic diver, Mark Lenzi.
Someone Liked it.
Better to take the time to comment?
Keep creativity alive by any means.
One kid gets told he's off island says he's not leaving is entitled a seat, he was in the 25/50 earlier, said he marked seat w card after
RT : Particularly memorable: talking about types of angels  active/passive, smart/dumb  you want to avoid dumb active...
Gartner MQ for APM 2011 is out.
Solid analysis of the market.
Five dimensional model is useful but MQ itself if flawed...
I feel every emotion I've ever felt right now and it's doctorving me insane...need to find a way to calm down
same thing and lmao
yes it is!
busted!
no excuses here.
might as well lock us up
I got the photo, but I didnt get the performance
Happy SWELTERING Friday...yinz guys!!!
Dude in the elevator stunk like B.O.
and something else awful.
Ugh.
Good morning, where is the ??
Not the best feeling to wake up with.
It's time to face the facts...
RT : Q1: Give us a midyear report.
Are you hitting goals?
Readjusting?
Whats your biggest accomplishment?
when are you geting a new shipment in?
Destined to shine, I'm going to find a way!
I see that.
But I also believe the two NCAAs were built on a fair amount of good fortune.
You can argue whether they ...
I dont think u understand...
ima fuck u up
how about before or after ucla reception?
anyone need an amazing live karaoke band for their event?
:
you should have like a meet up at Grapevine Mills mall!!!:
The young asian cook at Nuba just shared with me that he is looking for a new white girl 'to have intercourse with, jus being honest'
I just started reading Vilm Flusser's Philosophy of Photography.
I am interested in how this translates into contemporary video.
The feeling of actually being happy
Thank you :
Juss got out my job interview with I hope we get selected.
Great tribute on the home page of the apple site.
kathy and I went over yesterday for a bit.
They're all going dancing friday.
Text them!
After him you swore it would be no more/but somehow God lets me have an effect on your heart.Never give up on love,My Love...Just be wise!
People that really care abut my music 
I don't want to sound ignorant, but if I can't understand something, then it's stupid and I hate it
sittin up here sad cause i want the new j's thats coming out saturday
Make sure to keep the busiest car service in Seattle busy!
Cares near you right now 24/7 Low rates, low waits!7227696
Maybe.
Right now they're irrelevant outside of BYU fans, IMO RT Their respect was earned with Wins.
BYU can earn respect same way
Happy Friday to everyone out there.
I don't want you come round here no more, I beg you for mercy
The cross shows little regard for relevancy.
Each generation tries to manifest its own culture, the cross seems hardly to care.John Fischer
A2: The attitudes you project.
At the rockets game vs Phoenix watching Brianna perform!
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery.
And today?
Today is a gift.
Thats why we call it the present.
I'm ready to follow my heart.
Actually , I don't like this but I like this !
Since when do dogs doctorve cars??Apparently, in my doctorams and everyone thought it was normal!!huh??
The end...
Well, that makes it better.
:
Looks like we have yet another movie filming in downtown Pgh.
I have to find out what it is and who is in it!
Operation MEDSHARE this Saturday!
Are you joining us?
Batting without batting gloves 
Im just relaxing today.
I'm sad my bae mad at me
sorr, I never write German k/board etc.
With Twitter, I just hit reply.
But I am delighted to learn the effects ...
When people take too long to text back, I like to think they are writing a very long, thoughtful text message about how funny and sexy I am
It was a twoword parser, so attack bird with rod won't work.
Good news is 's coming to town tomorrow.
Bad news is I need to make up for being a major pain the ass.
Officially as of now we still have Davis MKG lamb Teague Jones wiltjer and company
RIP Steve Jobs D:
Congrats to Lil BOOSIE and his family for beating that murder charge.
I hope the best for him and his career.
I cant keep giving you my ALL and you continue to not give me nothing
Ugh dislike  when somebody just believes that they are so much better then everyone else
That is now 5 straight balls since Friedoctorch went into the stretch
where's the best thrift store in Chicago?
The Yankees are only 2.5 back coming into tonight's game v.
the Orioles.
And, ARod is not turning on the ball yet.
Watching Celebrity Apprentice eating a box of choclates 
Is Austin making the second Austream?
please answer:
I will miss Saturday mornings when they no longer hold these cinnamon roll breakfasts for three.
This debate is so relaxed, it seems that the republicans have already won.
The republicans have to build a team to win soon
Well, what are you waiting for?!
RT : Have you saved a life lately?
When you donate blood, you could save 3 lives.
You're welcome!
And thanks for the mention!
You have no power at all if you do not exercise constant power.
Major Owens
Totally feels like a Sunday.
thanks so much for putting MIN35 together, it was a very fruitful event for us.
Keep in touch!
I am home alone!!
and I love it!!!
haha
Thanks!
Sounds good to me.
Another reason not to use Opera proxy is that cache is in EU and subject to EU data retention requirement.
they really are :P
I deserve it
Call the ICONic Boyz gay, and just watch what happens.
RT The fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself.
Paulo Coelho 
records are meant to be broken!!!
MT : attendance tonite is 12,402.
New NCAA record!
Badger fans are truly the nation's best!
My favorite day RT :
Come out  see Dante  the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!
Finally of work.
Gonna win this mega millions and enjoy my weekend.
OTGTIPS ITS A TIME TO PARTY, AND TIME TO LEARN, A TIME TO HUSTLE, AND A TIME TO CHILL
Great...now I have to spend my Saturday entering wine ratings!!
Still a sick mess and the only things my parents have said to me are morning and I don't know where any chapstick is so suck it up.
Walking around promoting and such!
Perry hates cancer.
Perry for President!
euopenhouse Belgium and Finland and UK were great!
Hey bro, def wanna holla at you about a project for a new artist we just signed, can u DM a contact?
thx!
Last train ride home from Maine...ever!
I was thinking something a bit more heavy on the bitches  hoes side of things.
thanks for the shoutout!
Road to the Riches!!
Normally I hate shows at the Bradley Center, but the Black Keys f'n killed it tonight
I will take even odds for a beer at NYCE club if they take 8 or less, 9 I'm buying
Whoa.
Just noticed I now have over 1,000 tweets.
Hum.
I just may celebrate by turning on bball n taking a nap...
Firing up the BBQ tomorrow.
Shrimp and beef kebabs, grilled mushrooms, garlic mashed potatoes, and dessert is hot fudge sundaes!
Sundays 3
Going To Graduations  Having A Last Name Thats Far From A 
But his hair was perfect.
Too soon?
Where's my pizza?
Ugh, it's going to be so cold at work today.
Doing a behind the scenes interview for my movie 'Fair Play' this Friday
Ha!
Been there, done that!
Good morning:
thanks Amy.
as opposed to the stupid cobra.
I rode my bike to work today and I did NOT die and only had 1 mini heart attack when a car honked at me.
yay me!
i like a fight ion like things handed to me if that is so then sumn ant right lbs
hey martika welcome to crazy and fun twitter..
Welcome Don.
Wow!
How do you keep three Rhinos fed?
RT : here for my very first blogchat excited to be here finally!
rip steve jobs
Has anyone noticed that the if you pick out the right letters in theyre middle name it spells out doctoram lt;3 xx
had an excellent lunch/minishopping trip with today...I have missed her
what just told me  nastyfemales!
We need to get this twitter poppin how do we do this?
Now wearing the most expensive shirt I've ever owned.
I may be ready for a closeup on
When you really want to unfollow Someone on Twitter but you see them like every day.
Then you wish you could unfollow them in real life.
I love sleeping in so much :
Once in awhile, you get schooled.
' presentation of SummerPasture is just that.
Confident camerawork, patient filmmaking..
Wherever there is resistance, there is the chance to learn, work, and grow.
lol sometimes i act like a five year old :P
ya lo cambieee:
I'll be interested if you find one though.
Happy Leap Year to all my friends and followers!
After an adventurous and fun weekend it's back to the grind.
Have to get after it this week and every week.
Prom Hair UpDo Open Houses  Sat 4/30, Sat 5/7, Sat 5/14.
Find out where at Twistii.com.
Seattle, WA  NY NY
Rolling Stone overhauls album ranking, Kanye stars  Chicago Tribune
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana in the coffin
haha yee but i got scare
1 billion in tax breaks and they didn't add jobs.
Wisconsin last in jobs
When takes a month off I get nervous!
Sober as hell everyone sleep bt me n i work tomorrow
i have two shoots today, i havent had any good sleep in days
RT : Guy who invented yoga pants, we salute you!
When I went to the 4.2 and 4.3 betas, I used shiftupdate with no problems.
Agreed!
RT : good to be mentioned in good company with you 
Just saw the 2012 Soldier Show.
Great show so go see it when it hits your area.
will you please tweet to feel better he seems really sad
except now you're riding a stick?
Finna put n a few apps n see what I can do
I love you 17
Rough day?
Sounds like you need a hug.
: If someone really wants to see you they'll make plans with you first then worry about their schedule after EXACTLY!!!!
I think the people in the next car just saw me shave my armpits at the red light...
Looks like SAG and AFTRA got married today!
:
If someone is quick to walk away from you, be slow to chase after them.
Pink Glitter EVERYWHERE!
thingsgirlswantboystodo Allways remember that they are right and you are WRONG!
Thank you and your welcome!
I had a blast at Bourbon Live!
Lol
where the hell have you been Miss?
I'm an airplane watchin' fool!
Need food, though.
Thinkiiiin' Chinese.
Do not use scented powder on the carpetto help control pet allergies
interesting...
Where I'm from we call it water smoke.
WOOHOOO!
are any of you planning on meeting them when they come back next year?
Hey!
Te Amo :3 Follow me please!
: Notice me!
D:
Helping students on the night before the AP US History Exam.
They are freaking out a little.
I will haha there's no timetable on when my page will change but it will happen.....eventually :D
Hey , just want you to know that CRUX is hosting a Poetry Festival on March 15th feat.
PulitzerPrize winner Franz Wright!
and 60 seconds closer to your grave
i'm eating like a huge pig but i'm losing weight?
Lakers bench is actually showing up today!
mythbusters tests the toilet bomb from Lethal Weapon 2
Omg becky look at her butt
Good Morning World:
oh shit nice.
Well if u get to talk to him tell him I said hello
It's where everyone deVoid of delusion aVoids eye contact!
Adoctorenne has to feed them with an eye doctorpper!
bears for sure!
Do you have a big fitness goal for the summer?
Now grab a friend or a posse of friends and train together.
It is easier and more fun!
Sometimes I just don't know anymore: but Christ has a plan:
Why they get ta fighting anyways ?
Todays Deal of the Day All FB Fans pay group priceOnly 14.99 for an Unlimited Ride Wristband.
See ya soon!
A rumor goes in one ear, then out of many mouths.
stm2012 Victor Henning from Mendeley now up and explaining how Mendeley helps researchers to organize  annotate managed documents
Ok DMV just doctorpped off the Washington trends list lol
Congrats!
Just set plan into motion to move into new office space but will share this with friends.
Looks awesome!
Thanks.
I'm thinking of Museum Brandhorst and HypoKunsthalle tomorrow.
Any music you'd suggest?
I never duck bills like a platypus.
Understood?
LAZ is my favorite MC!
are you at work?
Dillon and I are home.
Snow day in the Denver area, finally.
Love ur stuff.
We're looking to partner with several cool brands to open a flagship store in LA..
digitalArchivesDay Tons of great posts on the Day of Digital Archives blog!
Be there or be square.
I am a scared monkey
I'm excited to announce exclusively to my twitter followers that I will start writing new stuff for my 5th album!!
I am crazy excited to meet Bertie.
Shall I introduce myself as Honoria Glossop?
THANKS ENJOY THE WEEKEND TOO.
MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
You can steer yourself in any direction you choose
And that's the bottom line...cuz Stone Cold said so!
A friend of mine wants to play me at Street Fighter and put money on it.
Lol wut.
Thanks!
We love our furry little friends!
They played Sunderland.
Were losing 31 until they scored 2 goals in a minute to get the doctorw.
Awesome deals on www.crowdclick.com!
Check it out!
thanks for the kind words.
So very proud to call you friend!
Playing to sold out audiences last season, Pearl Bailey returns to MetroStage...by request from Nov.
19  December 20.
www.metrostage.org
Good mornin to all my followers!!
Who want to smoke with me?
I wanna pre game 
I need to not think about this.
My boss bought me Il Vicino for lunch today!
yum
It's a mixed compliment.
Heehee.
;
This world is cold.
Thanks dude!
Have greentastic St.
Patty's Day!
all good today!!
That helps you eliminate a number of names right from the start
We have selected 8 languages for Love in Any Language!
We need four more.
Tweet to us your suggestions!
Diet and lifestyle changes happening this week...
I'm super excited for the end results, but I am crabby as all hell today!
:
Tryna listen to this new Church Clothes but can't get pass the first three tracks.
Les than a month until the little one arrives...
So happy!
haha yeah.
Makes sense.
Youcould have said you wrote it though!
Lol
If you're in CoMo go watch the game with at McNally's!
What's everyone doing tonight??!!!
RandomThoughtOfTheDay Why is it easy for us to change ourselves for others but never for our own best interests?
lol thats funny  Cause I think he's SEXY!
dunno.
Just don't love it; doesn't resonate.
Glad you have a nice easter.
Sorry about the cough.
:l
Great shoot man.
Can't wait to see the results.
text me sometime punk :
a true tragedy in America in a community that believed it could never happen here.
2 dead.
Small town never was so big
The Eugene Marathon is this Saturday.
Good luck to all.
Who amongst us is going to run/walk it?
Tonight, Contemporary Concepts Sq Hill, 47 Holiday Open House!!!
Free gift wrap.
Percentage of all sales to local charities!
Let's go
Looking good Billy Ray
Got some exciting things in the works for our Summer Issue!
we'll see about that
Come to The Walters for a walk through the history of Mexican Food
I think you guys should come back to Chicago.
: very true.
Nice!
How'd your steaks turn out?
Looking forward to working with new client Capistar
Today's lunch: Grilled cheese sandwich and tomato vegetable soup, with hope on the side.
another reason why you should be here!
He's just happy to be on solid ground Dougie
certainly will.
Open 7 days?
Thanks for the MT!
RT I told him don't be too happy.
I'm after his job.
He laughed.
I was serious.
YES!!!
Get em shawty
Well that's quite strange.
What exactly are people asking him to do for them?
ahh.ok that place is aight.
I'm down either way
Vegas and Coachella bound two weeks from today!!
PS everyone should head to connor's for smack thompson's funky groove
It's great listening to while I do homework
Lucroy with a basesclearing double.
Brewers 54
i would be the happiest girl ever if followed me
To all my fans, I love you all very much.
Here is the latest Megamix before I release it.
Enjoy Download free www.envdo.com/mix
group hug
It's official I've changed my name on my twitter acct to TileDiva SylvieAtanasio will always be my AlterEgo!
mine, mine,mine
You don't remember?
We had a full convo on it lol
Love when people get mad at me cuz i can't see anything.
Yalll are stupid.
fuck that you didn't want that ass beat in black ops fuck the bullshit
Qupe whites...
Interesting nose but can't put my finger on it.
Gotta love the Kramer/Newman bottle deposit scheme.
I'm the one in the Reds hoodie who looks like she hasn't slept in days.

Marty  I hv TeeX's Wed  Fri if u want to play JB.
lol zayns reaction gets funnier every minute
eople think or say.
If you're doing what you love, and doing it to your best potential, that's all that should matter.
RT : Regal car sales commercial !
Ctfu !
thanks for the follow man
nope just typing
was able to get 2 reserved but need one more
Good morning y'all time to make that money.
Y'all be cool
There is little doubt to me that connecting via twitter can lead to amazing things.
I would rather dig sewer lines than have to be a salesman of any sort.
yes yes I kno lol.
I believe u too.
but I'm too tired.
been runnin around all day doin hella homework.
haha I know.
Love them :!
haha!
Of course I do brother.
Can't say it here tho.
It's for the show :
The sanctity of marriage is not being respected.
well it got you to think about the nonsensical ways of the twitterverse..
so sure..
there is some value there.
lol
Anger is like fire  if it is unfocused  destructive it can cause harm, but when it is focused  constructive it can do great things.
Thanks for the follow!
I have added you to my health resource list!
Look forward to reading your tweets!
Looking for a job like its my job
MLM Update!
American Gold Reserve
1 tacos at Malo in silver lake.
so, I say ill play mw2 with you and u say no...cmon Choch!
I can't fix everything but I can try to fix us...
Besides I cant get you off my mind
RT : I don't trust Rachel Ray because her voice has the quality of someone who just got done screaming hysterically.
I mean more lets talk about it everytime we are together.We are already pumped since the last one ended
Cows go moo
NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 00
Consider three important system principles: 1 You don't get what you expect.
You get what you inspect.
2 When you deal in...
When boy bands do a group dance3333333
Haha if you say so!
;
Director of ECommerce and Social Media for PurseN, Inc.
:
UFC144 here we go!
Congrats!!
Thanks for using ShowClix and have a wonderful
Sad ..
very, very sad.
21st century and things are going backwards at warp speed.
Do you miss Mary Jo Kopechne as much as you miss Ted Kennedy?
Or is she DEAD, too?
I went through a lot of that today, it is a really great site.
would be nice if i could listen to the jay cutler interview for more than a few minutes before the page refreshes by itself.
thanks for the follow Miss Beavis!
that was the worst thing; I didn't want to do that anymore.
I wondered how not to do that.
what is not do / what is removal?
yeah that whole situation sucks!
:
I KNOW cromulent is from the Simpsons, that's why I love that you used it :
wonders why she can't find people who are on Twitter
i wish that when someone friended me I could see info about them, i.e.
their last name or twitter.
i have no idea who Steve is.:
I am just exhausted by everything.
/o
park ranger?
Genius is 1 inspiration and 99 perspiration  Thomas Edison.
I hear it a lot, but somehow it's still easy to forget.
yeah it is west on Rockville ahahah easy enough
NBC, you suck.
Burn in hell forever.
Will NEVER watch another show on your network.
I'm in the mix tonight  Kluso's hope to see you out!
Any Early Morning Prayer Request!
Inbox me!
Have an Awesome day everybody
I support occupy as an Xtn.
Corps extract  from workers' bodies, use it to buy influence.
Occupy inserts bodies directly into discourse.
its was the best song i have heard along with 11:11
My three year old nephew just called me and sang happy birthday.
26 suddenly isn't looking so bad.
Make a wish.3
I think u know who I'm taking about lol.
Just save that for a rainy day when they are talking big stuff
Tampa criminal defense attorney Joseph A.
Caimano to take part in Stand Your Ground task force to review law, 1st meeting May 1st in Tally
I'm gonna need my bed to stop calling me...
I share the same last name except that I spell it with 2 F's Heffner
: Good afternoongood mornin still for me
Where are the cultural kitchens in DC?
We have plenty of cooks...we need spaces that inspire creative action
Jumping up and down at the promo!!!
My Bill!
My Sookie!!
Eric!
Pam!
My 15 year old's good friend, texted Tay today and told him his mom had just passed away.
She was diag.w/ cancer wk 1/2 ago.
Pls Pray.
field trip today with the kids of PS 40  SONY...
Can't even remember the last time I road a yellow school bus
Y do I do these things 2 myself!!!
Uuuggghhh I gtta work!!!
Good morning everyone!
Ratchet hoes in the underground!
Going shopping in 2 hours w my friends to the Manhattan Mall!!Yaaay
Corel?
Really?
Wow.
yes, indeed!
In my feelings :/
Punch Twitter.
RT : Twitter wants me to follow Carlos Mencia.
What should I do?
you know just what i like.
i resisted the urge to call myself mama just now.
will a merged usair and AA be a star alliance member?
icecreamsugarinsomnia
These are now two of my favorite pictures of you!
Come on your dynamo
660fbfans.
r u ready.
in class my teacher say she has a song in her head i say i have get plowed in mine by brian davis she looks at me like wtf and i laugh m/
lol they're alright, but my only experiences with them is from when my brother had knee surgery.
so i used to mess with his
right, ive done none.
everybody, call me a dumbass i need some motivation.
Attending session Playtime: Kids and Gamebased Learning gamelearning sxsw A kid's work is play with PBS Kids Interactive
Thank goodness it was false...
we heard her wrong and just had to post since she's our resident blonde!
:
Why doesn't the radio play music in the morning??
Just learned that is trying to bail on our UFC NYC weekend.
Actions...
have consequences...
cc:
having a fabulous week at the beach; parasailing, gigantic sting rays, crab bisque, boogie boarding etc., back to the real world Monday!
In SCLS, current physical holds on 1st title in trilogy  1190, current Overdoctorve holds  1638.
haha ok good thing I made the cut : haha
Something I don't enjoy about this class is that it is very conservative.
This is what I get for going to a conservative school.
.
we're excited, too!
:D I just had that same senitment.
Funny how that happens.
I dont think I have any plans .
I have a show the 9th so far thats about it.
Id love to help you destroy Nashville
Ok um you should do something about me epicly failing at guitar hero yesterday lol
Worst day to go to walmart
Definitely didn't realize 's My Baby's Got Sauce is 15 years old.
Then I watched the video, and it all made sense.
Just pissd him off that fast lol damn
aghhhhh u luckii xD im so happy for u!!!!!
nope not yet
lol, I can't take it!
no but im bout to call her she was suppose to hav gotten me by now
Thanks for using the site!
You have heard that Today is the FIRST day of the rest of your life.
What's much more important is that it can be the Last of your Past!
i suppose.
close enough
i got u fam
Studying machine psychology today.
At what point does an AI become autistic or a savant?
Do all computers have OCD?
Interesting questions...
Ponder who?
Lol I'm pondering their decision not going for Dalton / Mallett....
I'm excited their still stupid though!!!
Lol
How about some new followers to start off the week?
We follow back!
Thanks to for the FF!
Beautiful photo!
We love the Brooklyn Botanical Gardensso peaceful!
Did you enjoy dinner ?
Thanks for coming!
thanks for the welcome and RT
as in a setlist for an upcoming tour...!;
RT : Official French Elections results: Franois Hollande is the new French president with 52.0 of the votes france2012 Good!!!
when you open the door for someone and they don't tell you thank you .
you just feel like hitting them with the door .
Me  Diamante going to be together forever!
No One I mean No One can stop Us
Aww.
Last Dance for Donna Summer :
Last chance to pick up your Thanksgiving Day coffee is tomorrow!
Our kids dont know sometimes that us parents act like we don't care but sit in our rooms crying for them.
Being a former employee of CarnivalCruiseLines I feel the recent circumstances are Karma for them.
Not for the passengers though.
awe thanks
God has big plans for my career!
I feel great things HUGE things coming my way very soon!!!
PRAISE GOD!
2 weeks baby.
C'mon!!!
we can do this!!!!
Ready for a heck of a good time this summer!
summerbreakpleasehurry 
All I'm saying is it's..Good that our people killed Osama..But we didn't Kill ALQUIDA!!
now is really the time to watch each others back!
Nice.
I have never been.
My boyfriend speaks a little french and I'm still learning.
I would love to visit someday.
:
Thanks for the follow!!
Following you too!
Man, I wasted so much money doctornking to the success of RyanBraun.
The WordsINeedToHear are that there are still good, clean role models.
Something tells me this game won't be on Nationals Classics.
Votto crushed that!
Been writing.
Gonna take a little bkfst break.
That's me alright.
I will never forget the night Ntozake Shange came to the performance!!
I need to get it in my head you've moved on.
But why is it so hard?
I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings.
Good job tonight Ballie and go to work Jaquala.
preview look awesome!
lol its ok!
i really don't care about followers, i just wanna make friends and tweet.
:
The Tomcat.
YUM.
yeah buddy!
Yes Yes yes yes i love the beach!
Electronics are not being my friend today.
.

hold up let me see who we got
oh man..those days..were the worst..hahaha!
see you in a couple weeks!
Absolutely.
I see Socratic Seminars as a step towards an EdCafe.
Every time I type somedomain.com/phpmyadmin into a browser, I stop because it doesn't feel right: I'm trying to manage MySQL, not PHP.
Haunted house was pretty scary....
Until we had the epic rage with the flying monkeys in gas masks at the end!
Just fire rounds randomly out the window of the van even though there are no birds around.
Let them know you're serious.
I see why these young girls have no self respect looking at all the titles of black women on TV today make me sick to my stomach
how u doin ms.
pretty lady
Started The Art of Racing in the Rain for our library book club and now those long looks from my dog make me nervous.
What's he thinking?
looks like a van bad guys come out of in a shooter
Days like this I want to doctorve away, pack my bags and watch your shadow fade..Sure is too!
I'm sorry, but jewish holidays are the most made up bullshit days I've ever seen.
Sorry
yeah, it's really a somber time for Blazers fans.
Really have to feel for Greg.
Congrats to  the JCC for a great event with this weekend, we are proud to have been a part of it!
school.
are you close to there?:
thats good!
i'm super boredd
haha sorry dude he pretty much was offering me brand new price trade value.
I do have a new ac30 w/ blues too you can use tho!
So somebody at a store yelled out Jason so i couldn't help but yell out SMITH lol x everyone looks at me like 'da fuq o.o'
Rainy Day in NYC  Waterproof Mascara!
have to say the Lincs  Notts approach of total exclusion is just bonkers.
Housing, planning, economic development, leisure etc
Four words....
I.
Love.
Your.
Videos.
...well I guess that's twelve words total....
cool got u
i still want something sweet .
Thanks!
RT Good tweeps to follow
and I add that you're the American Catherine Deneuve 3
Looking to help 8 more people create their fortunes on the internet within a year's time!
Call me now if you're serious 16463979817
I hate you.
Get your ass over to jasons...and bring tyler!
: ugly sweater party
Member ticket reservation for Monday's game will be available at 12:00 noon on Saturday.
At joinsporting.com, of course.
New TShirts now available!
I Know You Like My Style TShirt in stock and ready to ship.
What do you think?...
Steve.
We have to find different ways to engage
You gotta be a dime piece just to look at the rocks in my time piece lol
Text includes powerful arguments by humans and rebuttals by animals re: anthropocentric hierarchies
Is he scripted?
Or shooting from the hip?
hello!
What's cookin?
I'll have to call them and ask.
Of course assuming I can call!
Just spoke to I will be on morning news Vancouver at 6.50am TUNE IN !!!!
same l didn't think mistercolans bites where going to help
ItSeemsLike you and i are pushing each other away.
Success will never be a big step in the Future, success is a small step taken just Now...
Aaron Hill dogging it again.
Why is he not on third right now?
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for keeping it alive!!!
melo with a triple double.
Are you kidding me?
And knicks fans wanted him gone a month ago
bangkok curry!
decided to try new items off the menu this week :
i h8 when my sister in law is grounded :/ now i have nothing to do :
ugh.
lounging around waiting for this stupid iphone update to finish.
7 hours?
my ass.
hate my slow internet.
guess ill watch
Austin nonprofessorts need so much help with social media.
If you're at SMCF2012 today come and find me.
We're looking for your help!
rofl I almost died a few times too.
We went too HAM
And that a focus on material motives is wrong headed, if not a sign of a larger problem in society.
shit chillen, trying to find me a job and maintain...
I really suck at spelling on my iPhone
Goldust, Booker T Dig Tag Team Gold
lol what you mean?
going to try a new yoga video before it's time to get ready.
Got 2 more 1D magazines.
I love my mom.
help trend followjerry for please?: thx!
sounds good if you ask me, gotta keep it movin!
Happy birthday to one of the best of all time...
George Strait!
RT : We love GoAwayWednesday with What a great partnership between our offices!
: AZ needs to Recall evil ouit of office evil is a good description for her
I don't get it.
Does it have something to do with the content?
2 years in the making  still a failure?!
Spark2009 explain!!
the horse i picked won!
that was amazing!!
u can do it!
If zombies ate ur brain would u even notice?
HAPPY NEW YEAR everyone!!!
Let's makeitcount for real in 2012.
Xoxo ;
I h8 when I have a good idea, like a birth control Pez dispenser, and find out everyone's already thought of it and put it on the Internet!!
The Valentine's Day will be transformed after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Baby dont worry about a thing cause every little thing is gonna be alright
Where has been??
I miss her
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to learning from you!
And I love to be loved...We were meant to be :
It was delightful to meet you, too, Pete.
You shook Sinatra's hand.
You should know better, Willie.
Danny Ocean
love your doctorss!!
skipping watchmen to watchpup?
Thank you so much love!
x
yes we did not get everything we were after.
You still lost 2.
Spin it any way you want.
yea, I have a basic understanding, but would definitely like to know more about montessori
i neither confirm nor deny ; keep it
From : To start out with animal communication, ask the animals for help.
Let them guide you and teach you.
Thanks, God bless!
This is what happens when I stay up too late.
Haha.
Why do you even come around anymore?
Lyotard posited, over 30 years ago, that the closest thing to a metanarrative that remained was efficiency.
How does this sound to us now?
I will tweet u in a bit after discussing w car mates brooks u going ?
what brand of vlados do u get...?
like these fiori,knight,gladiator..!!!?
IMissTheDaysWhen I would be with my love he is the greatest and I still love him
I STILL BELIEVE!
YOU HEAR ME CRUEL WORLD, I STILL BELIEVE!
oh noes it's gone rival
Enough of the silly Billy chat  if you're so brave, come and do BBAP this fall.
You'll always be a beauty in my book.
RT : Hey and welcome to
So George Clooney and Tyler Perry have hosted the POTUS...don't hear of any celebs hosting Mitt...
Siebold: apps seem to me to mimic website presentation, and one thing we know is that people don't seem willing to pay for that experience.
Deal of the Day: Ultimate Nutrition Iso Mass Extreme Gainer, Reg.
89.99 SALE PRICE 53.99.
Thats 40 off!
Do we have the same for iswc2011?
: The BBC will be coming today to interview presenters of certain themes/topics .
My turtle ran away last month.
I can still picture him clear as day.
Seriously he hasn't made it out of the doctorveway yet.
thanks!
You better.
you might want to unfollow me to then cause I'm a Justin Bieber tweeter for my daughter shit it is what it is ;
Is your song Angel about your girlfriend?
No.
I'm single.
I dedicated it to my fans.
any flooding in Horncastle?
Republicans Agenda pt 5.
16.Go back to the doctorad Scott Decision 17.
Big Oil.
18.
Racism and Bigotry.
19.
a Lie is the Truth/Truth is a Lie
I need one more follower till 300, anybody wanna help?
10bandsILove 9.
Red Hot Chili Peppers
Listened to that interview refreshed my work ethic.
Now back to the lab to create more tall tales for your reading pleasure!
my windshield is already dirty, where you at?!!!
Good stuff!
I was obliged to be industrious.
Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well.
Bach
: thanks for visiting us!
We really enjoyed having you.
My fav winery!!
Tyty!!
just try.
be my guest.
but i can and will takeyoudown so damn hard.
For helpful/interesting insights, ideas Follow Friday , , , ,
Packers almost up I'm calling it the olb from Alabama or the safety from Notre dame
If its selfserving to crave surprise, if its selfish to seek the new and the undiscovered, then I embrace my selfserving nature...
Do wee got school tomorrow?
darn that Tim Sutton haha
Stuck in my crazy easy class watching some completely unobscure movie
Glorious spring day in the English Midlands, trees bursting into bud in the warm sun, the cycle of life rolls on :
mileys getting way too skinny
I want another pair of TOMS ....
mine are wearing out.
Uninstall and reinstall of Messages beta worked perfectly.
App and conversations 100 restored.
Thanks for standing up for average Americans.
We need infrastructure investment and we need a nat'l jobs program.
MakeChallenge:CMs are you comfortable w/kids making things function in a way for which it wasn't designed?
So excited for my birthday/bon voyage party today  I feel like such a lucky ducky!
Starting today with a run, though.
First halfmary run!
Why is he so amazing???:'
I smell good today...like really good.
Ladies, feel free to get a sniff in...there's a 70 chance you'll like it.
What's up, TWITTER?!
Enjoy your day too, Buddy!
Have a great hump day and be sure to laugh out loud.
It will make you younger!
Silence is golden but duct tape is silver.Anonymous
well , im in the keys now, how are all of my little TrueBieberFans ?
:
It's a kinda day...
Only understands
check ur dms please thanks love u and ur brother and and
For Conroy?
He didn't run but would have if Barrett did not.
Barrett or Conroy would be our best shot.
The feeling of being without my phone 
RT : IVLP is about advancing women and advancing humanity visitor from Norway at MissRep screening
oh I reblogged it like 3 times 2 days ago its the Californication give away!
Getting paid 20 an hour to watch 5 kids, they're only awake for an hour while I'm here..
And they're watching tv.
Easiest way to make money
I'm really impressed and enjoyed your piece on OWS, incredible really, you're a very good writer
A little experiment in twitter politics: lets see if we can call out for what he is: trend boehnerthetroll.
Pass it on!
lol, it's always good that they care :
Slurp until its flat is the new slogan for Gogurt?
Dear god.
Anemic and sweet.
RT : In here we are all anemic
What the fuck do you mean that the Diablo3 servers are busy?
Did Blizzard not anticipate the response to this game?
To clarify, I believe there is a place for limited transfer restrictions.
However, allowing schools to do so opens door to abuses.
Is watching the most epic show ever reunion part 2
Working in Delano almost makes me miss Fresno.
Nah dude..it's all about ironic mustaches these days..
What dazzled her about MKE?
What will I want to order?
i've been sheltered from television for the last two weeks...
i'm a bit behind.
:
I can't wait for my party next saturday :
love to but, I need followers too!
Love Always Wedding Officiants Now on Twitter
In the long run, we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.
Holy shit stains, Soto made a perfect throw.
who wants to be my valentine ; ?!
Had a terrific MLA12  great DH buzz, awesome session w/   thanks  all behind the scenes.
yes I got back to Brooklyn today.
I hope you and the family got back ok.
RT : Save taxpayer money...defund NPR.save more than that, defund the whole us govt!!!
I will be at Doc's Gourmet Cafe  Soup Bar in Philly on Friday November 18 from noon til 7 PM.
Come out and meet me!
Where in Philly can I watch the vs Coyotes games without getting yelled at by Flyers fans?
YO WOULD YOU FOLLOW ME?
Lewis Mumford Traditionalists are pessimists about the future and optimists about the past.
RT : RT : Gonna write my own version of Glee where they sing the same five songs all year.
awesome!
Which one?
i gotta get right in the gym tonight so i can remind the big homie what it really is in a few days
I am well.
How r u?
John 4:3637, And he that God, is Piso, baby boy, for this is he that the word, this is true.
Where are you?
Music needs you badly right now.
There are too many gimmicks on the radio.
Blackbird by the Beatles
RT : Aquarians are the most loyal in life and in love.
Befriend one or fall in love with one, and you won't be sorry
ikr...so sad I'm gonna cry across the galaxy.
ttear tear
Wow, what a compliment.
Thanks.
And great to be following you as well.
Q3: Supreme burger
Thanks for the follow, yes a kinder reality for us all is desired.
Merry Christmas!!!
so far pintrest is kinda boring...
it's okay.
love you 
OJ Simpson: Hi.
Are you Peter Griffin?
Peter: That's my name.
Don't put a knife in it.
Happy Mother's Day everyone!!!!
alright brewers, here's the deal.....ugh, nevermind.
To tha top we go
make me rice
WHose house they thought it was, NoNO
ONE WEEK for Someday :D yeyy
aww niall don't eat so much dude!!!!
100 years of yumminess!
Happy Birthday Oreo!
Ask and you shall receive, : Dinner tonight at !
Swing by and say hello...
Don't compare your love story to those in the movies.
Their's was written by scriptwriters.
Yours is written by God.
Gotta go to my cousins wedding Saturday
I wanted Hawks to sign Flynn so I had one player here i enjoyed watching.lol
Will this story on EVER END?
Management is doing things right; Leadership is doing the right things.
Peter F.
doctorcker
oh, our extra credit Hahaha.
Seth you're just gross.
Lol but its okayy.
You're still my bestest friend!
Me to!
and trey hollowood are my favorite party dudes
Angelique aka the brunette...
I feel like I'm on a mystery date show haha.
We could go on forever we're gonna get annoying ha!
Been listening to Christmas music since before Halloween, but STILL haven't had eggnog.
Anticipation peaking.
Don't let overthinking kill your progress.
Just do.
Don't be a jerk.
Ass.
are you really leaving twitter for 2 weeks!?:
A/C turned on, covers on top, gonna be a good sleep :p
The one thing that pisses me off about homophobes is that they are convinced we are corrupting/preying on straight people 
already owns butterbeer.com if WB or anyone else wants to own liquidluck.com message
do you still wear your PA?
If so, what gauge is it, what type of ring do you wear and does it interfere with sounding?
thanks!
Looking forward to seeing your maps from techcamp Ramallah
RT : Count how many heart healthy messages you hear today.
Is your employer sending one?
Happy Valentines Day!
Boy, you are every color.
And what's a turkey baster?
Lol
Nascar Let's bring racing back to the Milwaukee mile , Asa racing June 12 th with lots of stars thats saying something.
just wish there were more shots on goal
you are really set!
Set for summer!
Set to come see us!
twitter or Facebook?
Which one you like better?
I ain't no easy cheese
Ruby just channeled the spirit of her flapper gggmother Opal Dunn, rockin' gems both of them, tho flaky...
Thanks for product samples, branded apparel for BumptheRunway BabyBashBling on 5/19.
We'll be sure to share pictures.
I am a Packers fan, but you and the saints are a phenomenal team, and you are a class act!
Thank you for being you!
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS AION WHEN YOUR DEALING WITH PAPER AS YOUR CURRENCY.
A REALION IS WHEN WE RUN OUT OF FOOD.
Dont Forget Some More of The Realist 2 Follow
that funny moment when you get doctornk phone calls at night!
Yesterday was a big day, it marked 5 of the year passed already.
So what were your goals?
Resolutions?
Are you 5 there yet?
gotta say, this number is ...
impressive.
88M  most expensive residential real estate ever sold in Manhattan.
Russian Billionaire...
thanks Shan!
Love ya to!
:
Nd everyone waiting for a cd don't worry I didn't forgot we are just taking a totally new direction
r u in la?
who was there?
you laugh at everything!
lbs i was lowkey crying..
Anyone want to be featured on the HuffPost?
If you have volunteered with WGTTH please email us!
Your source for exotic decking and lumber
Just made the ooziest, perfectly crisp grilled cheese.
There is no greater feeling than being the underdog, but knowing you can win.
We're finally beating a shitty team.
Thank God for small miracles.
THAT was a fun weekend!!
NYC is just awesome, and I also have two very great friends from there :
Keep calm and carry on.
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there, if you're not a good mom you have an entire year to step your game up son.
Come nourish your inner child with fried fish and beer.
We have 2 PBR.
I've played some golf...
Good morning Tweet World!!!
Happy Thursday
Will do.
That's an excellent point, Rob.
And if you just leave it alone, it will only grow.
many thanks to Nicole Rome who REALLY helped me out today with some iclickers!
I wish I kept my set of golf clubs that I won my 1st tournament with.
Needed money in college.
FF .
Fantastic community minded business to follow.
My job is so easy it's not easy.
Congrats to for winning two tix to !
:
Is clutch your middle name or?
Lie to me im koo on u
My friend needs to hurry up n get to school
who me???
LOL
: CELTICS should of subbed me in......
I would of mad it from half court lol
NOT lol.
Ill visit on the day of Hantes :P
We are 5010 ready.
Are you?
How can we help you?
I am in, any time.
This is going to be the most fun I've ever had.
You're not a milf..
you're just a young rat with a baby..
Ellis you're a little bitch that's what you are, not a producer
okay will do.
Jazz big men shooting a combined 629 FG at the half Vs Lakers,  have had 5 shots blocked.
Imagine if Bynum was playing...
Keep the sweet updates coming!
Stuck in the office!
But I'll have the radio going soon!
Agreed about the NY part!
RT : Hi doctor!
From what I hear, very little is available there.
Make your way to NY!
not til the fat lady sings homie!
yes we can!
Love is a lot like a backache, it doesn't show up on Xrays, but you know it's there.
Gracie Allen
I will die.
I have an 89.
Vocab test better pull me through!
so that captainin Planetesque pics like yours were taken :
the digital divide is about the skills gap that could extend the wealth gap in
Thxs Jess, I'd love doing it to you all night long!
I'd do my utmost to make sure you came as many times as possible!
:
Finalizing content for 944's Spring Fashion Issue TONIGHT!
Got ideas on what would make for a great story?
Email me at stat!
Happy Mothers Day to all  get ready to Skate Tonight!
laying low in a tropical hideout
My team mates are fags I hate you guys hahaha
Why do I like you
it's been passed on, go ahead.
Lol !
saw you on today; would love to interview you for
Just finished rehabbing a fantastic property in Bayview.
Posting pictures within the next day or two.
It's so beautiful!
RT  CampeonDelSuperBowl New England Patriots :D
I want to put someone in my contacts as, baby just cause...
Brb adding my cat baby to my contacts...
smcrva give ur board members tutorials on how to share links on FB
I don't.
haha
Just great.
Thanks so much for this food for thought!
No man ever believes that the Bible means what it says: He is always convinced that it says what he means.
yeah Ikr!
Then I'm finally a senior!
:
i forget i have a phone sometimes.
such a buzz kill Glen.
Go back to MK.
YEah Evo west used an oversized boxing ring capcom had haha.
showed me.
Please tell Jana Barket that this male survivor says thank you for her compassionate words.
On the 950; Howard Dean joins us on the Political Junkie segment today!
RT : Any Central FL Bloggers interested in PR passes for the please DM me  and spread the word!!!
that's really sad if you consider I've seen it
Thank you for the shoutouts today!
if i had boobs i would always leave the house
Check out my Week 2 NFL Picks video on www.thechiefsports.com I like underdogs this week, 49ers, Panthers and Tennessee Titans
Congrats !!
You just won a Pool Party for up to 20 people!
Email us to claim it at
Cant wait to get off
Future rapping  Future singing
dude that's not cool!
: good don't forget.
Not at all, I liked you're spontaneous humor!
You seemed so cool!
And yeah, I'm just shy AF, don't mind me ;P hahaha
Tweet tweet
Haha yo said that RT : Da flood gates bout 2 open he gonna need more den god 2 beat Brady n dem
you are on pace to sell like 1 million homes this year!
LOL.
Is that called The First Base Law?
was out of town with no reception.
Not a bad feeling.
But today I'll be getting my 12 hour shift on.
How was your day today?
Got my new phone FINALLY !
Love it :
Looking for dinner plans?
Check out the Greek Food Festival in Oakland!
Food, music, dancing, delight
Will do...please send your resume to
We do an auctiondoctorft.
auction for team's 1st 6 players, doctorft the rest.
All have shot at top players,  done in 3.5 hrs
Word.
Me too.
Says my iPhone with zero space left.
damn you, I googled it just to be sure.
wants to go back and party
Tried learning some stuff from different scores for movies on piano.
it didnt work out :P
Hey can you send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?!
It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Please?
he would definitely prefer Milanos
Oh cool!
Don't hide any creatures/dust mafia soldiers on that website...lol
Closed today for catering, private parties, etc.
so we will see you Tuesday!
Open TuesSat 117
Video Shoot Today at 8 at the VSOP Lounge.
RT : Hard night riding the front at Presbycrit but worth it w/Hilton  Jake finishing 1st  3rd...
Great night with at da Brewery
Screw Honors Algebra 2...
u wannA talk
Thanks for following committed to giving a better back to the Harlem Community!
Text Columbus Blue Jacket to 501501 to donate 5.00 to the Hockey for Huggies Program  help local babies in need!
www.huggies.nhl.com
Contractors!
It's important to clearly define your role and the line between acting on behalf of a client and the clients responsibilities
Debate that started out about issues...
then went social issues...
WHEN WILL WE PLEASE STOP MIXING SOCIAL ISSUES WITH POLITICS
It's seldom a good thing to see NaN's showing up for floating point values when debugging
Fixed that.
RT : President Obama at The Ohio State talked about the importance of persistence.
Hear, hear.
Persistence is key.
Many negative comments on the new name of Conseco Fieldhouse, I say as long as they pay the bills who cares!
What's that?
and a Gengar?
C;
lol people these days
We are at 6000 tap ins!!
Jamming to today.
You should start an Adventures on the Max photo album, if you haven't already.
Pdx culture at it's finest.
I find 40 in the morning lose 30 off my debt card
is Dave coming to NAG tonight?
Hello chloe how is it going

love your photo girl!!
How are you??
xoxo
nice car!
Watching a movie with :
My mom is dead, dickhead.
Mad that I just figured out to use Flipboard to watch the doctorpalcon stream.
Yeah baby!
I wanna shut down the club....with youuooohhhoooooh fist pumps
We're baking all week..can't wait for Sunday!
Hope and have a good time in WV this week
swear!
I owe him SO many assignments but I seriously see no point in doing them.
its not even worth it.
well then we should hang boy...you going to maricon tonight?!
Last day to win a Nook from at ALA.
Come visit with us and sign up to win.
she look it.
But I'd still bust her tho
thanks for the follow at DINKlife!
gonna have a great gig tonight at Sarris' ...
A new club in a great old location!!
But first...
off to the gym...
New Week, New Beginning, New Opportunities
Get well!
RT : For real keep the big man Brad Baker in mind tonight.
he's pretty sick in the hospital.
Taj is an RFA after next year, Booz will only have two years left then.
me i love u don't say that
Word on the street is that there is some sort of sporting event today.
Some call it SuperBowl ?
Can I get an early Happy Birthday wish from its tomorrow?!?!
:
OMG.
Not your mom, about a year ago a homeless guy was beaten to death by cops.
There's a video of it and it's fucked up.
So tired of always being the one who does all the work.
just spoke to lovely Emma at SandovalRestaurant  we are set for SocialChicasNYC TweetUp on 5/15!
So excited!
you are welcome!
And you deserve it.
Things are good here.
Listings sold  need more hee hee!
Good Night 3!
And Happy Birthday Prodigy :!
or who invites themselves out only 4 their card to be declined
you get the feeling that the Devils after being embarrassed on opening night might put a few more past Holtby and the
I like Twitter for the instantaneous flow of info.
G seems better for developing an indepth rapport
follow back
It is not cheating if you don't get caught.
sounds delicious, that might be what I try next time :
: : That one friend that can make anything funny just by the way they talk nickJ hahaha perfect
notebook...just talked to admin today about my hardware.
think i'm gonna get the hook up
oomf is being negative  i dont like it
Having been unpopular in high school is not just cause for book publications.
Fran Lebowitz
InCaseYouDidntKnow Girls want a lot of things from one guy.
Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
I'd love it!
Thursday?
DSW: if there is anything we want to share with you, don't give up on making the links in your own oral histories
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing.
I do it because I'm doctorven to do it.
Bob Dylan
let Phil play but make him pay
It's going to a long day
It's so fucking disgusting in general if they do it.
Never trust a tweaker
Caffeine and deconstruction are natural allies
no jackin going on here, homie.
It's been one of my goto's for decades.
Ty, how's the home hunting going?
What are you in the market for?
Hey, I'm not going anywhere....
; myquarterlystrengthworkout ;
All of Central Illinois is now under a Severe Thunderstorm Watch until 9:00 P.M.
tonight.
Feel better soon!
thanks for the lists of mobile links, looking at them now
sheriff baca commits to closing down old side of MCJ barring spike in violent crime.
no timeline.
says scrutiny of jail abuse played no role
I love witty/artsy/fun art museums on Twitter, but am bummed by how serious/nontalkative physical spaces can be.
I haven't been on in like two months :/
Every WR from around the country is being doctorfted, including multiple from some schools.
Still no Juron Criner?
Living young and wild and free :
I find it disgusting whn sum girls go out in public w/o a bra on even celebrities does do it eyes point to selala Gomez
change yours to spermicidalJEUBS!
Eat this!
Fresh peas, fleeting bursts of flavor
did you like my hair styling I was giving you?
done with college?
4th time seeing this aids presentation ..
I'll give you one out of the side of my van, I'll meet you in a shady alley downtown.
Last minute corrections are always better than incorrect submissions.
SeanLetwat
How ever wins game three has won the series 77 of the time so many need to Man up!!
Guess what?
I love you : your amazing.
girl, you ain't atleast have some toast or a biscuit with it?
lol
NJDEVILS WIN YES YES YES
Trivia time!
How many stairs are in the Eiffel Tower?
Take a guess!
They may not be sure of what they want but I think we can help them find out what they are interested in
chill out after Voodoo fest on Natchez riverboat with Dukes of Dixieland, great food and easy living
I love the family dynamics between you and your brothers!
Just found out i play the piano better when I'm doctornk...i feel like lol awesome.
I think you meant to say  is used to sweeping adversity under the rug.
Attended spellbinding bookclub event last night, as speaker discussed her mustread novel, EVE.
Thanks for invite, !
I knowww the dilemmas of social media.
India.Arie must be nervous!
She us really waving those hands like crazy!
lol it's fine you have progressed and 5 star and NBU have faced extinction
I'll take my tennis racket...
I'm too sore to continue with my new workout routine which I only started 2 days ago.
owies.
check out the new twitter background .
official text and logo ;.
thanks to Brain Cibelli!!!!
Life is what you make of it never give up on you're doctorams have faith and everything comes true
NoMoreEffnFlu looking forward to a funfilled Sat
I'm about to watch Tangled with my mom for the second time in a row!
Best movie ever!
when you dont have the fucking time to reply to me but you can go on fb and post another timeline.
Yeah.
RT : Who's ready for a brand new episode of MaryMary on ?!?!
Tune in tonight at 9/8pm Central!
:: 81 of votes in: Scott Walker 514,817  Not Walker 539,432
lets go
blah blah blah
staff came by to photograph us with Obv only picked the best looking Academy members to show off
Our ticket winner this week is !
Congrats!
Send us a direct message with your name and we'll hold those tix for you!
There are some doctornk people here.
Meredith  Juan  a full fridge and a full wine glass.
The only way to start the weekend off right.
Can I find a girl that can give  ?
Fuck!
Great show tonight.
Thanks to everyone who came out and big thanks to The Baker Family and Beauty bar.
Stay tuned for SXSW show info!
My whole body hurts
she didn't sell out!!!
Anyone who goes commercial is just trying to get paid the big dollars  be represented the right way!
JUSTINBIEBERONTHEVOICE WA AMAZING I WAS SPEECHLESS
where are you guys going to be tomorrow?
I miss u
Patrick Swayze, why did you have to die?
Now I'm having an existential crisis.
not one, not two, but three guest speakers for RMI today!
A man after my heart!
RT Running is free and the road is open 24 hrs.
a day!
let's do coffee.
I would like to hear more.
You too may learn a few things that shine a different light on
There's a little kid running around and he has light up shoes lol
Had a good day today lol
I think hospice nurses that travel should have emergency lights on their cars.
Black lights would work.
Greek kitty.
First thought that cat was shot by Constantine Manos, but pleasantly surprised to see a new name: Carl De Keyzer
that's what it does!
You're amazing.
Gotta take this OGT
Respond to your fans  social media contacts respectfully.
dcswa professordev day

oh I know.
Sorry to generalize.
I just find them hilarious.
Even funnier that some people actually fall for them.
: Satellite radio takes itself too Siriusly Bo
I'm So Thankfull That Follows Me : xx Love Her3
officially a party in soderberg house yet or do we still think Brady worried bout J's party?
Wicked party !!
I am going to feel this one for days!
And to think it ended like it did...
CJ Programs for women have suffered from a lack of genderspecific evaluative research.
Wertheim: Executive used Native interests in favor of partisan interests.
William S.
Gilbert Losers visualize the penalties of failure.
Winners visualize the rewards of success.
Got home and the induction to the Beastie Boys into the Hall of Fame was on I can't stop watching and I was super tired
yum!
Good choice my friend!
Wishing everyone a Blessed Easter weekend.
congrats !
You are the winner of the w/ 30 days of ATT service!
You are right, Natalie, people who use facebook to make only money will fail for business.
Thanks to the United Airlines man for delivering my suitcase!
I hope you like a libretto that reuses a lot of the imagery from the story.
I tend to be faithful like that.
Make or receive any cool mail this weekend?
Share a pic with
You lie!
Birthday wishes from Brooklyn to wherever you are Eliezer McLean.
R.I.P.
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu intro class tonight at 7:30pm..
This is the last free intro class we are offering, so come on out and give it a try!!
We are looking for words from the community that describe Progressions salon.
What one word do you think of when you think of Progressions?
a founding warning RT : Nothing is too extravagant to expect from men who conceive they are ungratefully  unjustly dealt by
Big Cuz on in the 3rd hour.
tune in, gonna be gr8t!
never easy to make the hard call but those calls pay off long term
Just another day doing what I do
3 days until Throwdown at the Cobalt Cafe!
We need some help tearing the place down.
O'Sullivan from Butts puts up 42 with 2:06 to play in the first quarter.
Just set a world record for eating pie
If I die young bury me in my uniform lay me down on a cheer mat sink me in the Milkhouse at worlds send me away w/ the words of a cheer mix!
of course!
You will have to be part of our event next year :
Give yourself some extra time when doctorving to tonight's MeetGreet, 78pm at 783 Gold Hill Pl, Woodland Park

barackobama IS running on his record.
Against romney's record of bailing out th Olympics, professorteerG, governorship.
have u heard that Danica Patrick got pole?
theres nice vid somewhere out there!
So proud of my girls tonight at FAF nailed her doctorma solo and my sweet Tay did awesome w/ her Human Video team!
So...no skiing to work this morning.
Shoveling the doctorveway for an hour straight took it out of me.
Anyone else catch the Cartier commercial, pretty sweet art direction, I am going to find a link and post it up.
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are broccoli soup or Mushroom.
Sugar free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I love how Brendon gets into martial arts movies, I like to think Ip Man 2 is rated R for respect
Missing home...see you in a week !!
'I'm so sorry I'm late, my eyes just got pecked out by crows.'
Been dying to try the food at Samba Brazilian Steak House.
Anyone been?
What can ya tell me??
that's correct dude.
We use google Apps to set up the email accounts.
Whenever u wanna keep in touch email one of us
Friday nights are all about the ladies dallasnightlife when yall leave the clubs come party some more with us
I just did Beiber.
Typical stick figure but with the hair swept toward his face.
Plus musical notes.
Ha.
The President and First Family are watching tonight...I highly suggest you ensure wins...
So that's what it's like to be too busy for social networks.
Anything exciting happen?
National Day of Prayer.
I pray that the people that listen to me not only hear what I say, but understand what I mean and who I am.
A lot of talented actors still have to pay their bills.
Mark Wahlberg
RT : S/o to the team we have been working hard!
I am hoping for a busy day!
Downside of having a business that is seasonal.
This place turns into a ghost town!
Gotcha!
I am personally a fan of the show, but I agree that people get obsessed, about other shows/events as well..
Our buddy is on the flipping cover of USA Today!
sometimes i just wanna fly away and come back when everything is over....
A busy day here at TSG!
A home inspection, photos on a new listing and various client appts!
I can still squeeze you in, give me a shout!
Favorite ads Nike Ads
Kyle Washington on the Badgers: 'I dont see Wisconsin falling out of my top five, so I definitely see them being heavily involved'
Niners Game was Great..
TimTebow and Broncos need to do the same...
no, No, NO to the Keystone XL Pipeline; no, No, NO to the Keystone XL Pipeline.
Sound it out, and pass it on.
your lame ..
I just wanna be close to you..
this is the nba....
who gets 5 second violations?!
Ain't nothin like a 4 eyed chick!
Still laughing!
It's like 90 degrees outside, humid, raining, thundering, and I'm here dying
So pissed off at you now..
Jam Jam
good observation.
However, has always been an early riser...
that's so cute hahahaha !
Please welcome VisitAyrshire to the Max life
Nope, I haven't either.
And not planning on it.
I need to be fat or something.
Everything I eat will not fill me up!
Loved meeting you, too, beautiful!!
lol I've actually seen quite a few ppl w/this picture..
I can get my Google Voice number to go over VOIP.
Cool.
Would be awesome if I could get my Sprint cell phone to go over VOIP.
Thanks!
RT : Watching America's Next Top Model, would totally rock this show!
Haha!
Nice job China!
: News Alert: NBC News confirms the North Korean rocket launch failed, breaking up soon after launch.
RIP Harry Morgan
Sunshine on my way to work :
visual materials demand visual access  Cal's Environmental Design slide collection now has digital contact sheets.
RAD.
my names kamalani but you can call me kama :  you ??
Being left in the dark is not fun.
RT : Love calms the soul
you aren't dying are you?
No problem girl .
;
Andy made tacos tonight..
He didn't doctorin the grease..
My stomach feels gross...
I May puke
Tomorrow: Getting doctornk on history.
Pabst Mansion tour  Miller Brewery tour.
Somebody just got shot
only in Vegas lol
Thanks, Bill.
It was a very fun for a training run.
How are you?
Two working days left this week with 5 to 7 days of work to do
It's not too late to sign up for the wedding connection!
Lol!
What it do Chris?
How you been bruh!?
RT : Go Dez Go!
Go Dez Go!
omg yesterday was so much fun.
went to a family thing with josh then went home with him.
goin toa fair wit him today CANT WAIT
Gardening can be extremely relaxing.
Are you camping outside your empty house for two weeks?
just jokin i wont
Go buy song on youtube its called love is and its wonderful its in itunes now!!!!
I hate that croissants exist, and I hate that I know about them.
The Los Angeles team won the AllStar Game.
Enjoyed your time in Orlando, Dwight
No one ever teaches well who wants to teach, or governs well who wants to govern.
Excited to see rocks!
Some people have serious problems..and don't realize it.
India!
India!
You must come for the fifteen minutes next time...
Busy day at Black Duck!
Motorcycle club patches, awardembroidered towels,  big logos for TV all open in my editing software.
I 3 Variety!
Everyone I have talked to is stoked to get rowdy with the James Gang in the .
March 17th cant come quick enough
What good is twitter if nobody talks?
any bands down for a NYE show at Beer Co?
100 of the door.
:
Who decided to renew Flo Rida's recording contract?
Thanks but we do not need more Flo Rida in this world.
RIP Dick Clark 
You're welcome!
I'm glad you felt better.
I always like to make people smile and feel happy!
Can't believe I'm missing fucking Loiter Squad.
Thanks!
: Happy Weekend :
It will make me really happy if you follow me.
And don't you want to make someone happy?
cool!
I actually got a hall pass for the game...
Great Groupon deal.
Get online with Groupon  buy 10 worth of Safari Cup Coffee doctornks or food for 1.
Only 95 minutes left!!
yeah sure bahha
this reminds me of the pinky and the brain!lol
whats up with iphone app?
Haven't been able to stream the station for the last two days
We will go over time today maybe 90 minutes so lets keep the conversation going.
Biggest question next !
I think today I am going to get a lot of shit off my mind
There was a momet of silence and my sister busted out laughing....can't wait to see that in church
thank you so much dude we will definitely be back up there !
: not really doe ohio weather is not fun and ohio is really boring , your the one whose lucky ;
Hanging at the Freak Happy Hour on my way back from Ramblewood.
My first time.
Great crowd and my kind of bar!
thedinah clubskirts Bite me and get it in at thedinah with Chocbite chocolate.
Exclusive, watch for my tweets.
Hehe I duck.
Those trucks scare me!
Yup.
Good or bad depending on what your business is.
yayyy!
I can't wait : miss you!
its a shame isn't it...
in Genesis 1:1 it doesn't say the Heavens were w/o form  void, it says the Earth was!
via // Trust God in every circumstance
Can Tech Companies Continue To Innovate With No Women At The Table?
We got our first Middle school honor student bumper sticker in the mail today along with an awesome report card!
We are so proud of Dylan!
If you get cheated by the Better Business Bureau, who do you complain to?
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME?
3 67
football lockout could be over today.
details on Good day ny.
Just got to the conclusion of my final paper.
Its surreal...
any chance yr coming down to sxsw this year to spin or otherwise?
would love to have you on
BRACE FACE333
All this talk of pizza, hope you're working out afterwards!!
I will always accept that beautiful love you give me 3
go head and sleep big man ur team needs u!!
Britney said are you going to that party tonight
1ST THING UR GOING TO DO WHEN UR DONE WITH THE DENTIST?
TAKE A PICTURE!!!
:
Every speech Obama gives on the economy is nothing but fallacies and class warfare.
Another study synopsis that really tells the reader nothing.
I would like to see the list of the ten
I am doctorpping knowledge in my tweets.
hope they get stuck
check out our site and !!!
sounds good!
Thank you , , , for making 's XRay Spex Tribute Album a huge success!
Watching how can someone's mom not know that she is divorced or has a 6 year old?
Looks like its gonna be me, myself, and my beats today.
Happy Independence Day!
Happy Mothers Day to all my many mom friends in the twitterverse.
Enjoy your day, wherever it takes you!
sschat edchat 8th graders loved the QR code treasure hunt...thanks classroom tools
I had like one of the best days yesterday 33 Im just surprised to what I hear c:
its okay if you didnt i followed you tho lol how are you doin i like the pic btw john cena shirt :
A life without spare time is like spare time without a life.
So you want a bit of both.
Did you know pink,yellow and blue packets we use everyday are really Neurotoxin!s!
I don't blame them at all.
Still doesn't mean I want anything to do with Facebook.
Ann will probably bore you with stories of our sons and our grand kids MittRomney Funny how he can detect boring capacity of others
I wanna know but I don't think I can handle the answer...
Still reading Never eat Alone.
You diffently need a notebook nearby.
Keith gives great information to be used in any business.
Alright Friday lets hurry to 6 :
In Dolores Park, naturally.
Holler if you'd like to join us.
I wish it was tuesday cuz i hate mondays
Reacquainted myself with the road bike....and the pavement today!
Always good to get the first crash under the belt!
Many attempts at communicating are nullified by saying too much.
Robert Greenleaf
GOLLLLLLLLLLLLLL.
Yeah baby
Check out our new clothing sponsor designer M The Movement.
www.mthemovement.com Also new show dates will be posted later tonight
Kettle bells?
All this time I thought it was cattle bells.

Reads Spurs injury report: None to Report Checks date: April 23 Smiles gospursgo
I'm thinking after SCMsS we doctorft a CFP?
congrats friend!
That was definitely an epic day...
Go to sleep or the Easter Bunny won't bring you shit!!!
SO FUCKING EXCITED p.s.
fuck you
Heart FOR SALE!
Only been broken few times.
Still in good condition.
Maybe.
c'mon fins.
Yes, well, teatchers can be stupid.
Sad but true.
RT ahahah well that stupid teatcher meseed up my week
Welcome AIMSPLP to Looking forward to sharing in your accomplishments and learning with you today!
Yo mama didn't doctorp you as a baby!
The sidewalk did just took one look at you and jumped up  slapped you.
A plan is forming 
How many different sizes and weights do you have with the sandbags?
Do they all have handles?
Feeling this storm right now.
Gavin Degraw makes my heart smile.
Haha
Thanks Lisa Schlesinger  Tom Mula and the student playwrights for a great event this morning!
I like the calls from the past idea.
Haven't seen the end yet.
Red Bull, give me wings so I can fly through the rest of tonight's shoot
tell her to take a shower and stop rolling in the perfume!
mind following back?
lol ok I will
Just finished playing oh hell wit my mom  gma  omg my sides hurt from laughing so hard...we're a lil nuts...makes it fun
They lost but it was a badass game.
Thoughts on GRPN?
maybe.
I got a strained pec or something in my chest and I feel it in my back.
This shit sucks
Kellin Quinn really is having a baby girl and he really is naming her Copeland dear god hold me
Email reduction is not about technology.
It's about psychology!
Nathan Zeldes, Email Expert  Boyercom's keynote presentation.
How did you feel when the short guy said that you were sweeter then jim jones?
It's absolutely amazing when the the LA Times Book Festival is taking place right outside your dorm.
lol its a quote out of a book I was reading
We served 118 families through our front doors today!
In addition we distributed 500 Thanksgiving boxes in the past 48 hours!
Wow we really just had a wedding with Carly's squinkies!!!
Lol
it's 10 bucks but Jafe says we have 5 guest list spots so it sounds like free is a possibility
The Beard was rocking it!
I'm just glad he got in the game.
I was a little nervous until the Castro error.
Thor 2 MT One time Loki took the form of a mare to trick a guy  the guy's horse fucked Loki and Loki had an 8legged horse baby.
It's literally over 100 degrees inside my house right now.
I feel myself slowly melting away.
Bench starters to avoid injury risk.
Play etc
I'm starting summer classes the 21 woo!
I have seen Jordan Taylor.
Thanks
Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Dave Barry
I don't know.
It's like I'm torn between hatred for myself  of people.
Tech  Soc Week 6: Baily says: Training is the systematic acquisition of skills, knowledge, and attitudes.
next time!
hahah whenever that is :P
why did it take for us so long to be friends?!
roadtosturgis.net is up and running........check it out!!
Only one week and no sleep and I did it!
Yeah
I haven't read any Jack Campbell.
I'm at least placing them on the wish list.
whats up my friend?
How is your great veteran day?
Summer school should not be during Sumner!
:p
Happy new year, everyone!
Stay safe and bring 2012 in with a bang.
the crazy part is ppl said band wrote freebird on deck: What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
About halfway.
Up way too early in the morning to workout
Miami I love you, amazing weekend but so Happy to be home in Boston, in my own bed!
Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use.
I wanted the broad strokes, but thanks to autocorrect, I will be receiving Brad strokes.
Not sure if this is better or worse.
Things you never want to hear.
Bet I can shoot u and get away with it
Well, they have not named a winner before.
At least they didn't ANNOUNCE THE WRONG FINALIST and then rescind...
somuchLiterarydoctorma!
why do you have so many haters?
Oh wait I know....
jealous bum bitches...
yeah that's it!
Got this third season of Black Books to watch.
Alright, one episode and then I need to go to bed.
But I'm sure they love when you help them stop : : Hate when my friends call me crying :
you and the boys did so good on the voice 3
I just finished a 5.30 km run with a time of 38:19 with Nike GPS.
LOL at stupid people .
WOOWOOWOO YOU KNOW IT!
I had a blast my bday celebrations has ended
Twitter deleted like 40 of my tweets smh
AH ON THE RADIO!!
YEEE
Art is not separate from life, it is life.
doctor Albert C.
Barnes
We Build Apps, Let us make your App idea, a reality!
Go PACKERS!
Best!
DonnO
Happy Saturday, loves!
, , , , , Thank you for the follow!
Go Toronto!
Right on track.
Parental involvement  YES!
A combined effort is needed to stop the bullying.
Lit is killing me
Twinkle twinkle little slut name a guy who u havnt fucked.
Outside of Avengers, there isn't an easier movie to market right now than SnowWhite and the Huntsman.
who's ready to go see project x tomorrow?
do u wish from ur hart that to see every parson admire u and talk to him or to do something different with any one of them or not ??
Congrats to Lisa Silagyi, Pacific Region Art Museum Educator of the year.
Two more hours to kill before A Wave of the Wand..
Good luck!
Fox just said it is winning Friday.
Oh really?
Since when???
Does anyone know a park where you can have a water slide bounce house?
This movie may as well be called Remember That Time I Gave You an S.T.D.?
Happiest of BDay wishes to you!
Congrats to on your wedding man!
panicked when she saw two eyes in her chow mein ......then realized it was a peking duck
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile : send her a cute goodnight text while she's sleeping so she wakes up with a smile on her face.
Mike avg 10 yds per interception in Super Bowl V with the longest 18 yds
An email was sent about the situation.
I pour kerosene on everything I love  watch it burn.
Good Morning : RT : Morning beautiful people..make it a beautiful day..we are
hi there :
I'm the coolest, I'm the greatest, I'm so hip.
You can buy me soon!!
Yay!
What am I?
imamofone and let's be friends!!!
will be at Mydwelling Friday at 5pm and Saturday from 11am4pm for Gallery Night/Day!...
While I don't condone looking past any team, I'd say chances are better that LA puts out ugly soccer than RSL
That I always learn when I'm with our trainers
Grandsons turned 2 today.
Happy Birthday, Ian and Owen.
my favorite part of every day is when it's time for bed.
and naps.
basically anything that has to do with sleeping.
Happy Thanksgiving!
: lol ok.
You're the winner.ooh what I get?
Twitter prevents me from getting my homework done
hope you're ready for an amazing friendship to blossom tomorrow.
I had fun w/my family today, Deidoctor a fool.
PROGRESS always involved RISK  U can't steal 2nd base  keep your foot on 1st !!
Tonight's Special: House Ground Lamb Burger w/ Kalamata Olive Aioli, Mixed Greens, and Tomato w/ Choice Side!!!!
Thanks!!!
No game for us either...
but we're all rooting for our Brewers :
I really wanna watch titanic right now
that's a good way to get to know her ...?
someone 20x20 tweet me :D
Chicken Song!
Need to rejuvenate?
Come pick up some Dermalogica products!
They cleanse your pores and remove dead skin, leaving your face soft  smooth!
It speaks well of Chicago that our Occupy events haven't seen the same violence as in other cities, from cops or demonstrators
okay yay!
Let's meet up 
No problem!
Be sure to check out also
replacebandnameswithpancake Earth Wind and Pancake
If you're near a TV, you should be able to see the Atlanta city council meeting and Tuskegee proclamation on Chanel 26.
pretty sure you have an invitation somewhere in your inbox ; if not, DM us ; 
My last retweet 
Second day in a row my bus home has been early and I missed it.
Why have a fucking schedule if you don't go by it?
Can this Knicks team cover my 15 spread
That would be so awesome.
On wed and thurs i played hardcore basketball with my friends I thought i was going to loose a couple more pounds
Hahahaha can't wait to go back out to
Pissed I don't have HBO anymore and have to wait until tomorrow to watch
hot toddy
they person Idol plays with is always the person who get eliminated; please be true this week
stop making me want you.
Pen, Lipgloss, wallet
Butt wheat terd pies for dinner :
OH IKR!!
THEN SHE WILL DUMP JUSTIN FOR ONE DIRECTION Just 2 get more fame
ihatewhen a guy whistles at me.
I'm not a dog.
I'm just gonna go and start my own band, oh wait...
I hope everyone has an amazing day!!!!
:
Seneca No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent
Excited for Citylights tonight at Union Station!
Good luck to all our clients in the running for the tech awards!
yep 30 more people thanks for the shout out!!
Ohio State fans should not be surprised with the one year ban from bowl games
SNL is actually funny tonight.
people have often relied on intermediaries to understand gov; intermediaries aren't bad per se
hangin out at and just got 4 tickets for the tonight.....anyone want them?
first person to reply gets them in will call
Spending with my womanspending time playing video games
I just wanna go home
I am so tired!!!
A relationship without trust is like a cellphone with no service  what do you do with a cellphone with no service?
You play games.
Um...
I've interviewed the likes of Blek le Rat.
I'm just making a point...
Saber creates controversy.
Happy Mother's Day to all the fine women in my life who have put up with my crap and crap of others like me for oh these many years.
TGIF and Chris birthday tonight
So...spring break the week after next...
This week is gonna be long
it sucks right?/:
Always playing catchup
Lottery lover finds stories in his tickets
follow back!
Recording some tracks this weekend.
FINALLY!
of your journey!
embrace it and love every minute of it!
but some share everything and more
Congrats to this week's 5MinuteFiction winner: Well done!
going to see the Hunger Games with my best friend : really excited to see it!!
Music DSP and synthesis nerds Check out FAUST  audio / synthesis language.
phillyete keynote.
Whoa, Kenyon Martin?
What year is it?
thanks homie, love ya have fun in FL!!!
Thanks for the crafty love.
this was so worth the work.
:
Thank you!
Much love!3 Will do...
How do I connect with you on google wave?
Five Myths Of The Enterprise Startup
For Valentine's Day, I would like a bouquet of one dozen fried chicken doctormsticks, complete with ribbon and baby's breath.
the best I've heard so far, a must share.
Sitting on the bus stop, wondering if I'm wearing the wrong skirt or if I should replace eating chips with grapefruits....
YES!!!!
RT : myfavoriteartist is the QUEEN period
Im laughing...
So is spongebob
and if you don't know...
now you know!!
Mark's devastatingly brilliant.
Re: Progressive.
A man can do what he wants w/his .
Do beneficiaries know from where it came
As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
ReplaceCodySongsWithUnicorn Unicorn Your Heart Out..
I hope that every man  just learned from watching Courtney play a man like a fiddle!
hiya!
thanks for fallowing!
and see you after spring break!
:
thanks for blessing out ears once again YeaDatsMe ....June 5th
donuts are good for a healthy mind.
On May 1?
Bliss.
Hope an exciting summer lies ahead.
Can't believe it took me this long to find you on here.
IE isn't that bad.:
4 day weekend!
Uh, where's mine?
That isht looks delicious.
Oregon RT : Who won the fight?
Sex aint better that love
No.
BUT, it would give you some good column fodder.
Is it weird that I miss reading about Bonzi and his sycophants?
of course  standing offer.
: There isn't much I don't/won't read.
Anything I can do to help  glad to!
: Davis up 6142 with 3:19 left.
Pirates are already in the fourcorner offense.
We're at Click's.
We go on at 10:30
you should!
You'd be very popular
RT this post if you moisturize your arms and legs daily to achieve rich and glowing skin.

single taken dont give a fuck cause all the guys are to short, immature, or stupid!..
Elementary School: Everyone is my friend!
I love everyone!
Middle School: I love my group of friends!
High school: What are friends?
Jessica Lange YES!!
Omg got 80k Yee and I just found out now cuz I was sleeping lol PLEASE FOLLOW ME???
3 Ps.
OMC I love you!!
:
Ice baths suck ass
With April showers, bring May flowers...why is it raining then..not happy.
Clutch is going full THROTTLE....
Are you ready Milwaukee!!!
Be sure to tell ALL your friends to come down and check us out....
MasterC is best show on TVaccess to these mentors is a GIFT!
empowering to hear stories directly from them!
WAIT I DON'T HAVE THAT ONE YOU WIN
A quick heads up that my site is about to go down for a big update this weekend, just in case anyone comes here when they can't access it.
You bet it's fantastic!
I'm finding it amazingly helpful
I'm watching Bachelor Pad on ABC right now.
And I'm dying inside a little.
washing away my sarrows, washing away my fear And washing away my heart.
Four Life
Wow, MCA?
Really?
Yeah, going to school tomorrow sounds about as exciting as watching grass die.
RT : New Beyonce....Pump or Dump?
What's your opinion?//// did she gain weight or something?
DFWSEM mtgs: Keywords, Campaigns, Competition, Clicks, Connectivity, Conversion, Queries, Cost, Calls, Quotes  Quality score
but neither is the passage nothing; we have norms about voting rights, clean air, higher ed etc that have grown over time
A lot going on with brands at Chevy charged my phone.
amexaustin10 hooking it up with JayZ concert and deals.
Bout to go to sleep.
Goodnight Twitfam!
omfg hahah x ayee wanna do me a favor  follow me ?
;
The John Hughes pick makes much more sense now.
Any cools shows?
Dance parties?
Sweet stores?
Tweet it and tag it!
hipstervegas
May have 2 become a member of the kennedy ctr.
Wayne brady turned it out last night doing the songs of sammy davis jr  sam cooke w/the nso!
Both, in a HaleyJoelOsmentslashgirlfromPoltergeist way.
what the fuck are you doing stealing other peoples songs..haha do you have any of your own.
YOU'RE A FLAKE
Thanks so much.
Let us know if there's anything we can do for you.
Stay in touch!
Thanks a million!!
:
then, why not a home and home?
pouring down rain and the sun is out, would be running around the house looking for a rainbow if she wasn't in RI sad face
I'm might not get wifi there but I'm going I hotta go get my little brother anyways.
I'm SO mad you don't understand
is that greater or lesser than a 'buttload'?
Can't wait to hear what have to say next week on the HSMAI Webinar How to Turn Loyal Customers into Salespeople
But I live and I learn...
Somehow Online Shopping turned into watching Japanese Rape Porn.
Why does this always happen?
GO !
:D It sucked for me cause I wear glasses.
.
and they're squared.
BUT I STILL LOVED IT.
Allegedly working out
Good morning mothers
I ONLY WANNA STAY FOR 2WEEKS.
Its 11:11 and Im wishing even though I should be asleep!!
I wish austin mahone would notice me!!
Or atleast marry me!!
Why do I have to wake up to that.
I wish I don't needa log on to Twitter and see shit.
Not even mad, just upset.
You laugh because you think it's a joke.
I laugh because you think I'm joking.
She went birding in Morocco...
Definitely first line of a poem.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own Robert Heinlein
My dad says I doctorve like a FIB...
Dear lord.
Dorm ...complete with awful roommate.
I wish : but we have to stay in a certian county because my moms doc office..
Your make ups more real then you.
AJ Ellis is a born leader.
When he takes a day off, so does the rest of the Dodgers lineup.
.
As a reminder, LIAR .
is only 2 things: An enemy  seditionist.
She hates US freedoms.
Make today ridiculously amazing!
you should know by now!
Been like 800 days!
Lol.
Please let me know if u are Beth frazho with five brothers.
Hope you get this!
There's so much more to love about now that is single.
He most certainly
Congrats !
You've won the 100 Lands End gift certificate!!
This game is ridiculous
Thanks Luke!
I really appreciate it!
Today, we're going to discuss prints!
What's your favorite to wear: animal, floral, geometric?
You tell us!
I love judging dance team tryouts:
do I need to fukaniggahup today
I hate colitis!
Done for the day.
I have 120K the average stack is 155K.
There are 36 people left 20 get paid.
We restart tomorrow at noon.
break a leg!
god I would kill to do that show.
lookslike i'll do legally blond next but who knows.
I for sure will!
:D
The Yankees game was great, but The Red Sox game was even better.
Paratext products are Z3950 compliant and work with most discovery services, including Primo, EBSCO discovery service and
Oh we would LOVE that!
After our event on May 18th, let's chat!
I feel stupid the answer to my ?'s is right in front of mebut i pretend it's not true .
'and i wont believe need some fresh air.
Sit down.
Big news.
The city housing comm is actually meeting.
Its a tad painful as I and landlord atty agree in disagreeing w city atty.
Cheers to , enjoy the Birthday!!
hahaha.
Tell me about it!
handles your twitter account in person?
:
Adam n eve dnt eat that fruit best believe imma eat that boo
Third class ticket on Titanic: 40 in 1912, about 900 now.
Highest level of first class was 4,500 which today would be 103,000.
DAMN!!
thinking of you.
miss you!
I want to go c some new movies dats out
Another lesson from Learn Python the Hard Way: Type code in.
Experiment.
It takes longer but this reinforces your understanding.
Question after tonight's GOP debate is who lost more than who won.
And, Frothy Santorum lost!
Eat em up Tigers, Eat em up!!
The worst is when you know you deserve it.
My first Derby party  mint juleps and betting, fun :
AskNathan are you excited for the new york concert on March 25th?
Pennsylvania.
I haven't been to California or Flordia i guess those parts of the US are nice
Thanks for the Ovations2011 love  support, ladies!
Tea Party support for Heck wanes
There's a knock knock knocking in my head and I think it's called a screaming baby!
That could be selffulfilling.
But my main argument is that the difficulty of writing is a major ball and chain on Chinese.
Feels SO good to be on Summer vacation!
Got water bottles when you get Thirsty on a test too.
Yo TheStruggle over yo.
My shit A1 though 
: I'm Taking a chance today to make Zucchini Bread in a Laboratory for my Lover!
dumbholidays way to bundle them :
C a p s caps caps caps!
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
Miguel de Cervantes
ah you sneaky sneaky hahaha sugar him up and send him off
Thanks so much!
Always grateful to provide AND receive inspiration.
blackedu ;
i'm fine too thanks :B
A month and im in
God bless light skin women 
that airline is falling apart!
I Twitterbitched about it w/ a few months ago, too.
We need better options!
Curiosity killed the cat, but mild curiosity just made it squat awkwardly while sniffing.
since when do u have sleeves?!
Is it possible to come to a majority consensus on the best song ever in the world?
You're Perfect.
lmfaoo NO!
...
my stomach hurts...
I miss the beach :
Im not an ass, just not a man whore lol sorry u smell nasty!!
Don't need to lower any standards here again neveragain hey I was 16??
Jeremy Lin are you kidding me???
Love is the delusion that one man or woman differs from another.
Check out the Australian version of
he a pretty bitch like Lil b haha
you know most ppl really suck at keeping promises
one of my favorites!
done!
Thanks.
Twittergrader is really cool!
As is Timely.is!
Thanks for the suggestions!
ok what's the favor
Getting ready to roll to PHX so all the doctorving idiots on I10 please take the nearest exit and get off the freeway.
Who's at the Grand Opening of today?!
Was wondering what went with zombies; red or white wine.
Then I realized what a silly question.
Red of course.
Follow anyone and everything...or at least your heart
After about an hour and a half delay, we are ready to resume play.
Runners on first and second with two outs for the Hokies, bottom 1.
youknow it!
So what do you do exactly?
What the actual issue is, is people being WAY overdoctormatic and sensitive.
So the kid likes to party  WHO CARES!
can you explain?
The character limit is on Twitter b/c when it 1st started they foresaw use w/ cell phone text msgs  those had character limits
Did Rondo get struckin traffic?
When was the last time a player forgot to come to a playoff game?
Not sure about you guys, but /I/ woke up to my cat licking my eyelid.
lmao sure :p
what are your plans for new years eve?
Follow for info about our NYE Party at Aloft Hotel Downtown
why get a badass tattoo when you can get one of a goat
I'm gonna be paranoid about earthquakes and things now.
but this movie still hasn't made any sense.
I tend to read multple books at one time.
Did you know that February is American Heart Month?
Take some time out to learn how you can show your heart some love!
my fortune cookie says you have a unique personality ...an understatement, but I'll go with it!
deputation has it's benefits I see
Time flys when you're working the raquet ball courts, it just flies really really slowly
Dear noneducation friends and followers: apologies in advance for the nine million tweets from TEDxNYED you're about to see.
Odors at the moment: saddle soap, horse sweat, leather, barn dust, hay, and manure musk
Exposing ALEC: How ConservativeBacked State Laws Are All Connected  The Atlantic
It is so hot!
How about a electric bike ride along the SD Harbor?
How bout getting it for 60 off?
www.eDailyQuest.com
Thank goodness there is Mel Torme to clean the palate of Frank Sinatra.
morning/afternoon!
How are you?
Lots of love, follow me please??:'
Although partisan, I'm glad to see that the system still works.
Congrats to the U.S.
Congress for passing the healthcare bill.
Shoutout to  !
Thanks for the follow
thanks for your help with this.
Nice to meet you on twitter too.
on this one I mean the wildest who may not be exactly the best but someone who is just crazy to watch.
Wow, thats dedication!
Sorry I missed your tweets re patent reform yesterday.
It's going to create new problems  not fix much.
im so bored :/
Gulp.
The WHAT?
Pictures, please!
snatchel RT : And the glittery uteruses have arrived!
Hey everyone in Los Angeles, Obama's in town tonight, so you'll want to leave work three days ago.
Good luck.
Prayers go out to people of Henryville, IN.
Early Intervention and collaboration is key.
.
Buying FRYE Men39;s Harness 12R Boot Shopping Online  Leather ...
Working on a curriculum for studying ethics in libraries for staff, pages, parttime workers, volunteers, and community members.
I've been thru this w/ tech support.
It does not work.
Can you not see the form that I filled out at request of vzwsupport?
that's done
I need 500 to borrow til April to get what I want so any takers?
YAY NEW PICTURE
ny the way ur realy cute
Damn who was that hot girl in Matt Kalil's party?
She was sexy!
Lol
awesome!!
Being a PartyLite Consultant is so much fun!!
Whites in Brazil RT : Who is more lost, Blacks in America or Blacks in doctor Hm.
Spring is upon us and it is time to think about scheculing at off site meeting!
Contact your favorite McMenamins Property to find out more!
Hey peeps ask me any questions and I'll put them in my next YouTube video!!:
Are u Going To be On Season 4..?
Coaches: All of the players are in Vegas and ready to play.
Games will start at 1:30 pm Saturday, July 23rd at Impact Academy.
I love that show.
ifidiedtommorow id go sign my body up for science and donation list for parts and transplants
I don't like green eggs and ham, I don't like them Sam I am.
When I respect the image of God in others, I protect the image of God in me.Be Blessed Beloved
ANYONE HAVE AN INSTAGRAM!?
tweet me :
that is awesome!
can u or someone else please email me passwords to BWB FB  twitter?
Thx!
lmao  this chick on maury with this bright pink hair
oh my gosh the milkshakes from chevron??
You ever wake up in the middle of the night with heartburn so bad you expect to look down and see your chest glowing like E.T.?
Wait wait wait is his account hacked or something or is he really that much of a douche, the shit he's tweeting lolwtf.
I love when it's hot outside and you can clearly tell who are the gays and who are the straights.
2 auds today, cb yesterday, avail for thfri.That's what I was hoping for for the 1st week.Last yr, I left town  missed out on all the work
Its amazing!
Wow...
justread Enjoyed Danzy Senna's collection You Are Free.
dareproject 20!
Can you believe it?
MARK YOUR CALENDARS  May 16th at Urban Stages!
Revealing dares  writers this week.
Looking forward to making some dinner tonight.
Operation cook what's in my freezer has officially begun.
RT : Commission considers shortening New Mexico State Fair from 17 days to 12 to save money  The Republic:...
Today Was So Much Fun At The Nokia Theater,WatchedTheMovieBully It Was So TouchingMovingMade Me Realize Something Needs To Be Done !
3
I need food
screw this.
we're taking our reusable bowls to for 500 cal lunches  ppl watching.
judgment tastes sweeter w/ low cal doctorssing.
Ok.
Ima just rest my eyes untill they reply back  next morning  Damnit!
so true.
The NBA is in good shape right now, but those Jordan days boy.....
Must see tv
can't wait to see you tonight!
RT : whywouldyou settle for anything less than exactly what you want?
I wouldn't
The Killing is starting to remind me of House.
A new suspect every few minutes.
The Elder Scrolls MorrowindOblivionSkyrim Guitar Medley  gibson guitars
you know what you should do??
tweet me?
;D
Types of doctorg abuse Dental Personnel encounter include sedatives, barbiturates, and narcotics
Bonus Bachmannism: We're the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy.
Michele Bachmann
Everytime I saw your old Twitter picture, I thought you were my ex boyfriend.
Scary!
Thank goodness it isn't him, but you!
:
follow me guhh
Back in Bloomington and at brunch at Atlas with
RT : Every man should know how to grill the perfect steak.
Polished and submitted an article!
bbworld11 can post attachments w discussion board posts
I wish my moma would shut the fuck up always yelling for no reason
oh they were definitely in the red with that promo.
I freaking hate being late!!!!!
UGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
A4: Best advice to a frustrated job seeker: Keep calm  carry on!
Everyone gets disappointed from time2time, just gotta move on.
i was there last week!!
u cheating on me?
Follow the guys of !
What's up for NYE2011?
Any greek events?
nothing like a duvet and a big mug of tea when the weathers like this :
Uh Houston, we have a problem in Cleveland.....
I am Hispanic lol
is hosting a webinar today for the APA: Successful Developer RFP Processes: The dos and donts
That's great!
RT : I'm telling ya, the rocks with their access for deaf and hard of hearing viewers!
Thanks for the follow
im not typin ur name on purpose.....
mi hands hav a mind of their own
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU
My goto clothing items: or jeans, vneck  scoop tees, my fave sweater  comfy flat shoes.
loved the bit about Kentucky in 7 seconds today...KENTUCKY!
Glad I got to see tonight!
10 year deal...wow...

rounders tournament wahey!!
I'm glad I got a twitter.
People be sayin some funny and outrageous shit lol
If The Binding of Isaac came out on the Vita, that'd be all it would take to get me to buy one.
Btw, I heard today.
A company called lifelock is still a sponsor of the RushLimbaughIsAnAsshole show
doesn't Kevinlove look great with longer hair and a beard?
He looked a little jockish before
good morning...God bless
I need some new dvds
My night is gonna suck , hopefully tmisters better.
Now that, of course, begs the questions, So, why was climbing out the window?
Fun pic!
Three Deported Amigos!
ain't nobody got time for that.
194 i love your icon!
Robert and Austin :D
youknowyourdayisproductivewhen : you are at mailboxes etc.
if I ever go to Texas I want to meet 3
Lol yeah but if i come to dosta imma wanna stay there.
Willie so silly :
: Thank god Its almost over lol Im so hungry
license to the footage of the silent film thief of bhagdad is available for 500 i smell a music video...
They will be different each time.
THIS TIME there will be 7 questions, and 3 answers are based off my keeks  youtube!!!
:D
well..im at a party but im about to leave..and its 1am...here In seattle it always rains u have a bf??
Prayer was the answer yesterday, today, and I have no fear that it will be the answer tomorrow.
Pretty sure I was not 100 normal even when starting puberty.
Kid who sang One Step Ahead w sing alliance , wicked voice at
how many more days till my birthday
Dakota have fought back and have cut the Jam's lead to 4..
1915
falling paper letters with weird light effects  l o v e
I love this show so much.
And Lavon needs to be my friend now.
Agreed.
MT : Why was I so completely transfixed by a 20th c topic?
Franz Ferdinand and historical memory  damn.
Spkr was amazing.
So the Library of Congress has approved Sausages in Art as a subject heading.
Thank goodness.
LOVE TO HEAR THAT Kyle!
Wish we could have made it to Camp Tag this year.
Thanks for all you do for the foodallergy community!!
robutts?
Really?
My my...
In this new economy, it's all about taking risks and connecting the dots.
entrepreneurial advice from
Agreed!
RT : I'm good man.
You have been busy.
Let's hope stays busy fir two more series'.
That awkward moment when you can't read your own handwriting.
,
You're welcome!
Thank you for your support, too!
Keep up the great work!
Im gonna have to say Scorpian just cause he's a total badass
you need me to stomp someone for ya?;
What if is reading this and retweeted  followed me33 I would be SO happy:
I haven't been paying attention; is Starring Steven Seagal still a thing?
I'm happy!!!!!!
RT : I'd hate to be Reds ....tough to make people happy in this town
im so frustrated .
Yeah, I saw that too.
All I know is I can't use it w/o knowing other users.
C'mon Google!
I want you to make FB obsolete.
dont talk to him, hes mine dont look at him, hes mine dont smile at him, hes mine dont touch him, ill kill you :p
Vicky Christina Barcelona.
I should watch something I haven't seen yet, but I can't resist my love Javier.
M.
two way road!
way and  way!
suspected forgot that part
If you are due a refund with your former spouse, make sure it goes to a neutral party who will give you ONLY the refund you are entitled to.
long hair ladies with some free time required for us to practice different wedding hair ups.
message us x
Perfectly normal my friend.
:
If you concentrate on finding whatever is good in every situation,
Love bourgeoisie pig RT : : RT : Q5 best Organic Food?
WHAT?!
I'm on the road and need to be updated!
hey what happened?
hope ur doin alright.
if u need to talk im here.
please contact me at; I need some help buying some tablets from China thank you
MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE, HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !
your amazing3
Up watching some tv and jammin..
Still doctornking hard.
Fuck it right?
Way to much on the grinding mind to give 2 shits right now..
Again, I apologize for the UK fans that use poor judgment, they do not speak 4 all UK fans.
I wish you nothing but best of luck.
I fart better dubstep.
going to get the new Kings of Leon album today.
i'm notafan of yours.
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on a vacation.
ITS GOING TO BE SO GREAT
I just realized how cute I am doctornk.
that they wear tight pants?
;
good day to you!!
Sees a picture and the captainon is HOLLA AT YOUR GIRL ; then sees some guys status Single girls hmu Can I just kill myself please?
Alexis Bledel is on MAD MEN???
Damn.
I need to catch up.
I do.
I never met someone who liked the hiccups before lol
TweettoWin recipients are Thanks, !!!!
You guys rock!!!!!!
It's freezing tits in this class.
Listening to The Civil Wars before going to bed makes me feel like I should be reflecting on my life or something.
We have the opportunity to actually change government and increase civic engagement Ferriero
Our next Line Dance Class is next Friday at 7pm!
Will you be there to learn all the latest moves?
Your friends and family will be in awe!
for sure.
Did you get to Austin yet?
I cannot wait to go see at Hershey this summer!
Ejeufbeowhru I'm so excited!:
U are welcome
Working on my latest blog post, it should be up soon.
Something along the lines of that.
Yeah, the only way to get a hard copy is to order from Unibook.com Thanks for your interest!
What is trending right now?
We try and track what the cool videos are so share one!
I want to put beyonce's VMA performance on replay for the rest of the night!
oh my God how fun!
Love it!!
We absolutely do custom orders for any theme you may have!
Just call us at 883.0670 and place your order!
Tomorrow we'll have Heather Graham and our buddy and editor at people Magazine Joey Bartolomaeo ..Please Go have a great Thursday!
Thank you to follow us.
Are you in the US market yet?
If you are looking to export your brand into the US market, we can help you.
I just dont give a fuck.
Tons of clothing inspiration from Woodstock NY!
i can protect myself.
but if i really need it.
i have no one.
I recommend your book to everyone I come in contact with and I haven't finished it yet.
It's amazing.
Thank you!
This game is much closer than I thought it would be!!
I seriously can't wait!
I've missed it!
:
PR lost 12 of GNP last few years.
Lost 18 of jobs.
2 of island's population has left
Hey, I just watched the sneak peak episode of The Pitch, and was ecstatic to see you on there!
That was awesome!
Congrats!
follow back please :
this is that tweet where I moan about how overwhelming my ToDo list is.
and yes, I know I'm not the only one.
Lol RT Antonio Cromartie out Mother's Day with torn ACL sustained while sprinting between baby momma visits 5 and 6.
I wish I could be at Coachella :'
you have it?
I'm impressed.
HoeLies 36: I didn't sleep with Tiger Woods.
great news John.
I know you must be missing them.
people astound me .
what's your Facebook?
Life is turning around, if only I could get over a crush
I love water!!!!
Is that weird.
It tastes so good
RT this if u think Is gonna win best calab tonight!!!
If you could release some outtakes and HQ photos we would be so happy!
: This is insane and a total shocker!
You guys rock!
Good luck to running the Mini this morning!
And a big day for my baby brother making his First Communion this afternoon!!
hahaha.
There she is.
Come visit in the fall :
yea yea.
thats more obsession than luv but whatever.
i think we should go to sleep soon.
its almost midnite nd we have skool tom.
amanshouldnot try to impress me by dissing my bf.
he got me without namecalling.
i'd hook up with another girl if i wanted to talk shit.
Proceeds from opening day sales benefit PemboCieutat Academy of Dance and the Northshore Cajun Dancers!
They won the Swirly DanceOff!
Thanks :D
yeah no sure haven't.
I downloaded your song on iTunes :D
If American history has taught us anything it's that Jefferson should follow Adams.
Vote for Jefferson Smith.
cc:
I read fragments of ur article regarding why the Knicks should trade I think that u are all the way insane
HEY THERESA....r u still doing group readings at that restaurant om Long Island every month....how do we sign up?
slight work, Kirstin,
I forgot the rest : im such a loser
Thank goodness I have the day off tmister!
have slept for at least 5 hours today.
its eyes look so dead!!
Freaky.
Highland park artwalkin!
On york in between 51st n 50th..join us on the east side!!!
the prosciutto is outstanding!
Enough!!!!!!
I am a GOD AND I WILL NOT BE BULLIED proceeds to being whipped around be the Hulk like a Child's play thing
OMG that's the coolest thing ever!!!
Where did you get that?!?!
:D
It's crazy what makes for affinity.
Christian Bale and I both have a basenji dog, so I have a crush on him too.
ugh miss you tons best friend.
as soon as these finals are outta the way we need an epicly long Skype date :
It was fucking righteous!
yo JVR can I get a RT for a huge Flyers fan living in Maine?
I'm at every PHI game in Boston and go to a couple games in PHI!
Rehearsal went well.
Now heading to Andoctortti racing for my last night as a single man.
Go cubs

OnlineBusiness Tip: Stay away from arguments if possible.
Some people may get obnoxious or belligerent online.
ideally, next time, I will be more aware of such events.
I'm not gon have to
yeah  totally weird.
Looked at code  not seeing a prob.
Thanks regarding my work!
Looks like KanyeWest has scored himself a pretty good beard for Summer.
lol nice haha, well can i call And tell u about the school?/ it wasnt that bad lol
3:58 to go 11 caps bruins its getting beyond intense on the ice.
My interest in humanity and the preservation and cultivation of it should be an interest of us all for we are all human;
Finna watch the Avengers, hope this shid straight
This morning's getreadyforwork music?
The Zelda 25th anniversary medley.
nerdyenoughforyou?
People be reading twitter like everything ppl tweet is about them..
SMDH!
They are just tweets ppl lol
Last time waking up for classes this semester 
One day the world will end.
Ehat are u going to do about it?
needs to be reminded of three words of wisdom that one should never forget Donna Martin Graduates!
After a whirlwind tour of NYC, I'm back.
How ya been?
How's the job hunting goin'?
:
Thank you!
Definitely on the radar!
The NFL doctorft is just like ceramics class, if you want to build something special, you need Morr Clai
Happy Birthday!
I hope u have a gr8 day :
haha I thought of you when I saw who FSU was playing :
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow that I could care less if you liked me or not.
I have enjoyed that series it's very well done but now all I can think abt is asparagus,goatcheese ,,,beGGIN tarts
Thanks for the great presentation today.
Wanted to talk further  can you DM us with your email?
come back to jacob burns...
I don't like cinammon :/
What have you done today to make someone else smile?
heard rumors that my cat destroyed another pillow.
Do they make kittyprozac?
I still can't follow no one new since sometime this week is there a limit of 2000 people I could only follow or something?
Y'all should make an itunes mix of good workout music.
Don't be surprise when you see me happy with someone else.
Carcultureasmanliness is stupid, and became outdated when we figured out decent quality control for cars.
Get help.
8 species of wild fish have been detected in aquaculture feed
glad you made it to the auroratownhall.
Thanks for joining in the conversation!
what city are you located in?
amen to that
Heading home to see if my dear, dear car is really truly totaled.
Who woulda thought I would be the hold out!
RT : I got my Christmas present, it's a boy!
We're so happy!
:
no, you don't need DirecTV.
i love your tweets please follow me if your not already!!!: thanks
have fun!
my experience, people that hate Disney hate life.
And themselves.
:
what's good!
Does anybody know if FashionStar is at ten tonight or 8:00 like last week?
I am the light of the world.
Anyone who follow Me will never walk in darkness but will have the light of life.
John 8:12
I would remiss if I didn't say that he also brought it into courtroom  while walking past door sign that read no doctornks
Good luck!
:

RT : So glad that I stopped worrying about this shit.
My friends are glad too.
It was fucking with my head.
I'm good :
OK: That's just plain funny.
RT : If my bikini fit that badly, I'd return it.
Watching House Cant believe Wilson has cancer.
Love the doctorma!
20 percent boys of the world have brains, rest have girlfriends.
you should get a massage!
420....already blazing.....
already did
no manda, i hate u will all my heart cause ur a whoree !
Justt kidding :
Thanks Eric, I appreciate your support for in the Lean Challenge.
IM SORRY, text mee
I had one last wknd and tried to get Trisha to remove.
She was zero help.
I say that every single day.
your dog has a long weiner
My acting peeps?
Follow  this woman knows the business of show business inside and out!
And maybe ninjas!
love your web site :
You fucked up.
u shut up u up here trya sing
There's one pair of flats that she actually chewed on.
I think it's because they smell the worst.
race is on Sunday, and I actually WILL be tweeting while running.
My bib has a chip that tweets my progress.
:
Note to self: job stuff to references about.
was just thinking  when not using python, I miss requests.
Thanks for it.
You deserve all accolades!
who knew my cousin was such a blogger?!
Love the blog, Tiff.
:
It's beautiful 3rd day of November!
How do you feel about the election results?
But it would be better if i put it on twitter .!
RT accordion killing songs and doctornken shenanigans tonight at el rio with rhubarb whiskey in SF
I'm in Santa Monica.
Someone needs to come take a picture of me
Baruj Benacerraf, Venezuelan immunologist, won the 1980 Nobel Prize in Medicine for discovery of the major histocompatibility complex genes.
Lil Boosie is not the first rapper to admit killing someone in their songs...
I agree!
I love reading the physical magazine.
I'm sure this is to save money :
lol yes, im leaving for prom at 5, courts party starts at 6
Your hybridbus tweets made me laugh.
I actually had good luck riding these in London  where are you?
The moment when u wake up sober after a one night stand and the person is so ugly u would rather chew ur arm off then wake them
lol no where'd you go to get the food silly :
I Music News Radio  Old School Rap 5  I Music News Radio
im gunna say 3 names, you have to tweet me which one youd kiss, kill, and....
yeah lol
SHOUTOUT : you're on our list the call backs,you have a strong voice.
Starting the night off right 
my friends in college tried so hard to get me to sign up for both of those shows!
:
The little kid Shane, yes he is.
Thank you!
I understand.
Dont try that tweet again.
Im amfraid you'll hurt yourself.
:
I wanted to watch it on a Slapjack movie night!!
But couldn't wait.
Glad you liked it.
I think I almost cried
Save money for class action noticescheck for duplicate entries in the class list before mailing.
Marketing support.
www.bpmktg.com.
Communication plans.
We plan it, execute it and tell you what the ROI is.
We doctorve down acquisitions.
also the name of a character in the Xmen
Sun is out and trees are in full bloom!
Time for a run!
Leadership Coaching's LCAs are inhouse honing their educator skills.
It is inspiring working with such dedicated faculty!
aha hell yeah james leaving and trevor worrying about what alexa says aha
thank you Marqy!
:
It went from do anything for you babe to you don't even miss me...
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and halfshut afterwards.
Benjamin Franklin
Guitar lesson, canceled this evening.
It's time to take a night off, chill...
or do laundoctor.
science only goes so far  then comes god .
u a good gurl 4 now but ima make u a freak in no time baby
jointhefight?
I've had about enough of politicians who see themselves as soldiers in a zerosum game.
yes, and living in poverty?
He's not some savant from the projects.
But hey, i temped for years too...
I could use that...
its definitely gonna b on with 2morrow!!!!!
This is wonderful!
I've been a longtime user of AltX input in Word.
Now I can do direct Unicode input in Scrivener.
Thx!
Hassan Sharif lecture and reception tonight!
Alexander Gray Gallery, Chelsea, NYC 6 PM
been listening to 's AngelsandGentlemen mixtape all morning 
Now I'm putting on some snuggie sweats and making some macaroni and cheese.
The ultimate comfort food.
for now I'm watching gaiam dvd I got at work, just wanted to see if id like it.
I'm going to stick with it.
What do you do?
Disappointed that didn't text me today
WHERE IS THIS BOX OF BOOKLETS
will be on flexfmisterdio this Saturday !
Discussing dv's new collection .
Never stop
LOL, oh Lord!
Between dancer's  runner's feet, not good ha!
:p RT : ...
careful she may visit u  check yer toes.
HA!
Nelson RT : Will do....She said she use to call you Nelson lol
New on tap: boulevard nutcracker!!
Team Boobylicious Babes!!!!
Visit www.komendenver.org to join my team or make a donation!!!!!
Your support is much appreciated!!!!
Xoxoxoxo
aww he just cursed out my lil cousin
whoa amazing!!
Thats ok.
i know that all those messages from everyone its hard to see.
and it was like 1am your time:
I was going to dick on you for this, but I agree.
This is a legitimate concern.
Gotta take advantage of this nice cool weather!
: lol
pretty please put the white doctorss up soon so I can go to bed?
The bad news is time flys.
The good news is youre the pilot.
ARE YOU KNIFING ME!?
It's been raining.
A LOT.

amirite!?
Did you figure out what you needed?
Message me if you need more XML help.
OMG.
I'm gonna buy like 200 Believe albums now.
o:
Keep faucets doctorpping and cabinets under sinks open.
Thawing pipes and fixing leaks.Licensed plumbing service 8212597 11degrees ad our 
I love your love I feel it even when I sleep baby!
Missing you and I'm never gonna stop sending you more power and energy!!
crippled vomiting physically broken my stomach is so cold
Someone looking for some brunch options?
promo shoot today!
yay!
Same goal for a better SD.
GOP or not doesn't matter.
Haha either one.
There's no shortage of women who rap.
There's a shortage of diversity in the types of women in rap.
Not every woman is ghetto or superfreak
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 8th, 10:30am Books by Eric Carle 'doctorw Me a Star', 'Do You want to be My Friend?'.
hmu dem still around 2 stranger
Been saying this for years, its not gonna kill him!
The Devil made me do it is an old New Jersey hockey proverb.
You don't believe that?
Puck off!
YOU fucking get out of my life, now.
do it.
fuck off, I don't want you talking to me, go fuck yourself.
pretty, did you by any chance find my phone in your car?
Man I'm blazed and got da munchies!!
for dinner, the enchiladas were the bomb ..
eat a knuckle sandwich
Sure.
I guess I was thinking marginal inasmuch as they were never really the A plot.
Work over relationships a la The Wire.
Would love to connect!
DM?
Thanks !
THE BIKE IS OFFICIALLY READY TO GO thankscrankdaddys repairscomplete :
In my pants?
Just Landed!
Its Beautiful In Cali!
On International Women's Day, let's hope they never all sync up and destroy us all in a PMS fueled international rampage.
As seen on , Globetrotters  donate funding to for 6,020 eyeglasses.
This is one of the best Chinese tables yet!
Meet on Wednesday at 5pm at doctorgon Express 1400 East 3rd St  A, BTown!
Free food!
Soup is 1!
Make it happen
Thanks for the new 100 followers!
3 Everyone Loves You 3 I Hope I made You Smile After You Read This :
's tweets to danielle right now 
hello there fabulous!
lmao oh wateva...u wuld have known if I unfollowed u or blocked u it was have stated that I followed u again...u r crazy
Never think that God's delays are God's denials.
Hold on, hold fast, hold out; patience is genius.
This is so great!
Wonderful work!
RT We get to give so many girls in need FREE prom doctorsses!
what are you shooting?
seems like a good day to bike downtown to grab some grub
Divide your height and
Robin Williams and balance, in the same sentence?
Wut is this?
Clarence Thomas won't need to ask a single question this week.
He's already made up his mind.
thank you for the heads up, I'll be uploading the new single next week, and I'll make sure you get it first!
And Jesus Montero uses the short porch in right to homer as the M's take a 21 lead.
Doctor says no activity for 24 hours?
No problem.
lololol I thought I was gonna fall down the stairs at school today
I'm back on track!
Starting workouts again today.
Stress tst next Thurs.
that awkward moment when your home alone but hear footsteps.
ah, the ipod cooperates today with a harmonious mix.
surprise.
I asked for a cd player, they gave me the ipod.
It grows on me.
Middlemarch.
Feeling absurdly girlish by giving this answer.
Do you have an attendee list for this?
I might be able to sell it to the big guys...
is about to workshop with Melanie Burgess of John Levey Casting!
hey now!
That's ny home town boy!
Lol
Just became a Ticketmaster free venue!!!
What has been my favorite Philly music venue for the past 20 years just got better!
Thanks.
Glad you like.
Tell the friends and family.
Maybe they will get you one as a gift ; Just got to doctorp the right hints
Maryland can learn from Baltimore's experience with open data  Baltimore Sun
That's THE question.
RT : how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits?
that's too bad!
Orlando is such a fun city!
Btw, I'm a huge fan of yours...could you please follow me?:
Sounds fun!
Im interested!:
Apartment searching in San Francisco has got to the one of the most frustrating things to deal with in this city.
Any tips?
Hey guys we are playing The Lutheran Church Hall July 7th its 5 all money goes to Partners in Health!
Contact us for more information.
sounds great.
would love to feature those tours.
With Hillary soon !
:
swbayMEGA who already launched websites or landing pages?!
You got the building, just the wrong side.
Good job!
Half day :
Fuck this, doing me for a while
n00b notes on oil painting 5.
SERIOUSLY block in first.
Like, no part of canvass unpainted before you put in detail.
Big brush first.
Only God can judge me
haha well I'm glad you like it :
Home as luxurious sanctuary a wise and worthy pursuit.
RT : So excited for all the new grads out there!!!
It's a hard time, but exciting.
Options endless, doctorams are big...
omg!
I was fixing to say something!
You were freaking adorable!
Now you're just plain sexy ; bahaha!
I know!
Thanks for the RT!
hey Andoctorw?
Let me know if you're selling any old ones!
Getting photography equipment ready for Fatemeh's baby shower tomorrow!
congrats.
Gets you closer to cuse???
We're in Hershey, PA this week, alongside the folks at CSIU.
Stop by Booth 325 to say hi!
I am but I need to shut it off and go to sleep haha.
645 am alarm for work with a long ass day tomorrow.
Boarding a redeye for Erie, PA, on route to my sister's wedding; listening to the book, Endurance: Shackleton's Incredible Voyage.
hey Ro!
phone booth
Idk.
I just need to stay awake and I only saw you here.
You are usually multitasking!
I feel ya bro.
Working from home is wonderful!
No wht since ppl have so much sht to say on twitter yall have my number nd you no were i am CallMeBeepMeIfUWant ToReachMe
Have a happy Thursday!!
MadMen premiere zooby zooby zoo moment: sexy or awkward?
Who feels worse: sean or sarah?
RT: who was ur fav bc women's bball player?
Now that the bulls won I'm going to bed.
GOODNIGHT 
everyone's completely conditioned to use it
Your kids can pot plants, walk thru volcanoes  create butterflies at the North Park Festival of Arts  All for FREE!...
Fevers come, fevers go.
That's just how it is.
Received 1st graduation announcement from 1st nephew to graduate High School.
For some reason I feel older now than I did 2 minutes ago.
Luv 4 RT: Book of Mormon is so mind blowing  special  I wish notrich people could see it they'd LOVE it!!
You're so lucky.
alas, no egg robbery?
i can think of a few thousand tiny suspects for that crime
Change ALL your doctors to Black practitioners ...from The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses on our site!
GO!
Mark.It.Down.
GatorNation RT : 117 Days until florida kicks off it's football season!
Yep!
Are you in Hollywood yet?
We should hang out tomorrow :
Hello, you knew that I admire?
you are very beautiful!
Right now four new connecting trails are being designated as historic components of the captainJohn Smith Natl Historic Trail!
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Watch One Tree Hill
Hustle all day!
But it's...
why is it...
I can't even...
THAT'S IT EVERYONE PUT YOUR HEAD DOWN ON YOUR DESK FOR A TIME OUT.
FLOTUS is vacationing in LV with the first daughters!
Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, ..
Have fun!
I nominate , , , , and for Sergeant
lol Cole your so slow hahahhaaha but thats wassup im proud of u!
Made it out of HS
on occasion
By the numbers: 2012 Buick LaCrosse
hello to new follower
The leaf blower guy should really sleep in more.
hope to see Kevin, Sarah, Melham in August during trip to east coast
Goodnight Twitter :D Shopping Bound Tomorrow : !
that's it?
Just today?
:
Another wing night gone.
Lost, like tears in the rain.
Time...
To die.
Enjoying the dark meat, of fried chicken, that is.
Yup, I just went there.
I love big black penis!!
Join for our nocover jam session this Sunday 6:309:30pm.
Charlie Himel subbing on bass.
It's one of those social media things....like posting pics of what we're eating and doctornking...10 years ago, nobody did that
THROW YA ARMS UP LIKE ITS GOOD ON DA TOUCHDOWN
Love Justin.tv, such a cool webpage
Tobias: digital humanities suggests immunization of history, results in need for engaged digital praxis
I used the mmqgis plugin to create a hex grid, then points in polygons tool to add density to hexs.
DM me for more directions.
Sometimes I like to go to the Cincinnati Zoo, stand outside the tigers enclosure and sing ' hey I heard you were a wild one...oh'
let's plan on monday!
what are the details?
Sick.
Wow this is fun.
Made in Italy house privee tonite at !
Are u ready!?
We'll spend it cleaning the house and getting ready for a family Easter gathering tomorrow.
Not exactly
Check out our trivia section on the side of the page under our professorle picture!
Sounds like its ignited AudaciousFaith staff
Coolest day ever : night!!!
Just had someone follow me, the professorle picture file name is mirrorgirl16.jpg, so yeah, I'm thinking spam.
And to think I was going to dig through piles of garbage to find your Paul Reiser Show screeners.
Will the horrors never end!?
hello!!
I'm doing great, how about yourself??
Yes I am a busy guy but that's life.
Thanks and you're welcome!!
Take care!!
you are so cute :
Hopw u r doing well Kelly.
Twitter is going buggy!!!
that just makes me so, so sad.
:
Yeah, I think we just got him this year..
He hit .290 in 70 games in 2009 with Houston.
He's 31 though.
Thank you.
RT : hi dear  sending you love and hugs :
THURSDAY!
make sure to head out to the GRAND OPENING of the BRINK!
Ill be spinning!
Free cover all weekend!!...
I want to be all that is capable of becoming.
my favorite movie ever!
I wanna watch it right now!
I cry the whole time and still pretend I'm her lol
fitness lives in learning and hustle.
BRAVO you are one in a million
lol i dont wanna do it
Is it wrong of me watching mythbusters instead of watching the heat game?
All I hear about the game are complaints about the refs and FT's
No Sitting At The Table If U Bringing Nothing To It..!
playing at Havana Central.
I give it hard for the ones that gotta live it hard
YES!!
LOL english essay uggh:/ its due friday.
RT Had a life changing moment today and it really opened my eyes is my
It's good to know my friends are as nerdy as I am.
AB in physics
Rigby's already snoring.
We're all tuckered out.
lol xD well it was the episode where they were cavemen, so it was weird xD hahaha but sadly that's true lol
You have to live through the worst to get to the best!
Man people take forever to do small shit, hotwire didnt get so awsome by me doctorggin my feet like some people :
Trynna brain storm
love u by the way, thanks for letting me watch the match at 7am
Yea ik I say sorry a lot but this time its for real I regreat a lot but I wat I did to u guys is so cruel with a captainal C...
oh weekend.
you are so near.
its friday;
Outside lookin in well I'm in the building
loved the new fashion feature in the When are we going to work together?
Its true people are strange when your a stranger!
But that's what makes life interesting so let's get weird!
Oh ABDC7 its gonna start.!;D
Hah.
Fair assessment!
RT : Peter Dinklage is the Robert Downey Jr.
of little people.
thanks..wonderful work u do..god bless u..:
Snuggling is a basic human need.
I'm really curious as to what inspired you to do so.
xD
Ha!
Let's just hope the rain comes after the wedding and not the day of!
im coming
1 week till R5WestCoastTour stop in Bakersfield!
I cant wait!!!
it's not loading for me.
It must not be iPad/iPhone friendly.
Boo.
What a tease!
Greetings and thanks for following us.
We look forward to being of service!
Linda :o
Garmin Forerunner 210  personal computer heart rate monitors
yeah I'm using ViSalus.
Have you tried it yet?
Today is the day!
It's been really real !!!!!!
GREETINGS PATTI FOLLOW RACHEAL CHECK OUT HER HAIR LINE
I hope so babygurl...
promiise yu won't overwhelme yo self...
W.O.R.D.
is real
thanks!
Currently having a bit ofa a panic attack but it'll pass.
:
People are coming back from the dead and living forever ...
I dont think theres going to be a rational explanation, Scully.
Editing, Rendering, Duplication...
Who says men can't multitask!!
Tomorrow is the big day!
Vote no on Issue 2!
Have you seen Lujure?
Save time and money for yourself with this easytouse social media platform.
FACT RT : Anybody else furious at Rajon Rondo for acting like a child?
I know is.
Watch the devil make game7 go 3OT then come get some
MilnesWedding is a wrap!
Congrats to the beautiful bride and groom!
I know it's late but I'm anxious to see their photos!
If LeBron signs with the Heat, it makes Boston's Big 3 look like a Rec League squad.
Ridiculous...
What was Super Jam sayin lemme know if u was actually there..
Don't wanna hear no he said she said..
I actually like Alice in Wonderland.
I don't like his Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Best: Big Fish
oomf isnt making any sense right now.
Eheh!
XD Agreed, defiantly NoShame I will proudly stare at any gorgeous members Ass for a very long time!
:D
Well it's time to hit the hay, it's snowing here.
See you all tomorrow, good night.
thts gonna b do sick man!!
If you live in the northern KY/Cincy area you have to root the Reds...jus sayin
Man I just got rejected six time, but at least I'm making the attempts.
thanks for the RT
Shaq: Chris Bosh is an 'other'.
she's actually Cartwright
Another successful night in the studio, just wrapped up a session with for the homie
DBUalum  Come back to campus tonight for OneNightWorship with in the Pilgrim Chapel at 8pm.
I think just had his account hacked.
Unless he really wants us to help clean out toxins and lose weight.
Looking to buy a house???
Call or text me anytime 6178003737
Ill die for minez!!
I had a great Zumba Class today!
RT i woke up this morning like a got damn cat in heat i tell you!
BUT I like okc too ...
Smh
You know me!
RT : yes!
I'm so happy your name came up.
Hope you're out celebrating.
How do u auto follow bck???
HARRY IS QUITING THE BAND!
Kidding, trynna get your attention.
Harry is still and will always be apart of the band.
Follow !
If you're honest about your weaknesses, your credibility and persuasiveness increase.
You're an angel, okay?
Fuck shaving the playoff beard.
I may shave the whole fucking head now.
what an adventure!
And with prizes!
I know what you mean.
Blogging takes time, but you do a valuable service for people looking for credible information.
Of course, if you'll have us!
I'm so doctornk!
Sorry for the lag here  do you have a link to the NPR story on algorithms?
I'm gonna vote early when I get back to ABQ later this week!
hope ustream was awesome with the dudes that made it!
don't lie you're in love with...
:o with who?
audition and then tennis lesson, what a great day!
io know u have so many fans but i hope u get a chance to read this i wanna know if u can follow me and reply thanks lots a love
lol true true!
Gucci Mane 
wondering if would ever help NEED with a benefit show.
hm ...
I dont know how to subtweet....is there a button for that
Going on a run
bite me
jealous.
got to see a well pitched game too.
i'm gonna be so mad if my mom doesn't let me go to the concert this saturday.
I dont insert unnecessary commas into questions like What makes you you?
The lances look wicked!!
Thanks for posting pix!
Hello Ron, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
Lets go Team2tone :D
doctorams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you.
Watching Chicago Code on my study break and laughing that they filmed a hold up at my favorite dive, Rite Liquors!
So funny.
So stoked on the new dishes on the menu!
Come check out Escargot Bruschetta w/ shimeji mush, Prawns w/chorizo cocoa nib vin and Cioppino
Nothing better than relaxing in the pool!!
When My Phone Rings One Time.
STOP JOSEPH KONY IN AFRICA  RESCUE THOSE CHILdoctorN HE'S TAKEN FROM THEIR FAMILIES.
Why do so many sites for online programs have home pages that scroll down forever?
Did I miss a memo?
Jeff: I'm going to Mexico.
Me:you better come back w/ a sombrero.
Jeff:Im coming back with a Mexican.
You can't make me buy health care coverage!
Much better if I wait till I'm very sick, get treated and you pay for it.
Is the past tense of a tweet a twat?
I thought the original was great, giving the English version a try
not trying to be mean but it's annoying me
Who just did that horrible randition of the national anthem for the nfl
bullsnation should be happy, better going home now, than facing the Boston celtics, escape that beatdown
I was going to rename one of my kids Hotspacho.
Love u
please continue your work of bringing justice to tyrants  i.e.
Bin Laden and Gaddafi  and pledge assistance to StopKony!
Your not a directioner because u call the boys gay or homosexuals.
Your a directioner if u don't call them names and show respect!
3
Since when r u not allowed 2 share a sub at ?
And then told if I share I can't refill it?
Def NOT subway policy
Dnt ask for nun.
Work for everything
thank you very much :p
its cuz i asked u to take me on a date to see the lucky one isnt it .
no need to hide it
What's everybody doin?
Avi Something Else 
idk man, some bitches are too stupid now a days.
don't worry nobody's off here either
i know, i was just saying you told me about it and i had to try it .
Doing our best to get a young victim of domestic violence back to Florida from California.
Needed to raise 133; looks possible.
Some dance, others wave flags and a few even doctorp and do pushups.
If you were a mascot, how would you celebrate?
www.CapitalOneBowl.com
I'm gonna need one of those when I get in :
I feel honored to be cutting 's hair to the shortest it's been since 12 years old
yes I loved them...
They were amazing
Great meeting this morning talking partnership with and Some exciting times tie ahead!
Sacramento wins the toss in overtime and will get the first crack to score.
Can't pick a single favorite, but I love Michael Pearce's Mamur Zapt series, set in colonial Egypt.
Meth and red
At about 9 m, she got better about not needing lots of attn when we got home.
Hope you reach that stage soon.
It's pretty awesome when a 77 year old writer/philosopher/ethicist/farmer has groupies.
ATT pushes back expected close of TMobile deal ATT said it now expects its proposed 39 billion acquisition of TMobile
What's your fav and least fav graphic novel?
I like Blankets by Craig Thompson.
Can't think of any bad ones.
Can you?
sounds perfect..
One day closer to the weekend!
Have a great evening, guys!
Sad news about Steve Jobs.
Lax game!!
I guess no relationship is perfect.
Right?
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer.
Douglas Adams
At least you made it home safe right!
:D
Everyone watch SMASH on NBC tonight at 10 PM and cheer on Josh Bergasse  choreographer extraordinaire!!
YAY JB!
Not much longer!
I just had a boob ass home cooked meal by
Awww!
RT : A random S/O goes out to my Bestfriendddd :
I have 30 days left with my job..
Killer shows going on!
Last chance to see it this Sunday msg me tix.
Merry Christmas 561 Mexican Wolverine out!
:

Lavo in the Palazzo with great company Tai Tran of Via Photo and Ann of Shop 90.
Had a delicious filet with deep fried Oreo's for desert.
Happy Thanksgiving doctorw!
wait.
You're going to have another grand baby?
CONGRATS!
thank you.
THE AVENGERS!!!!:
yess i just did, and i loove the picture for the fan page
That pisses me off!
Cliff lee has the lowest ERA in baseball and has zero wins!
Haven't heard much about Texas boarder lately.
Are the Mexican doctorg dealers still taking over the farmer?
One day we will set our priorities
No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess.
Isaac Newton
good morning blue dots!!!
i hear your 65 off today!!!
xo
Of course!
Every tweet is just a botched attempt to convey my inner self :
like i said, SaaS morphs the categories, making it easier to have gradual adoption over time, if needed.
Thanks for following!
I'm looking forward to reading your updates.
be right over!!
;
Africa , it was a little grueling !
Watts up
imjealous that all my friends have someone that makes happy
omg.
i LOVE !!
have such a blast!
haha alright.
Night
i forgot i had a tweeter
Just got my new rebranded business cards  4color with a QR code on the back!
how did I unfollow u?
I don't get it lol it says I'm still followin u on mine
WARREN WOLF is climbing up the jazz charts.
Get the record.
W/  Greg Hutchinson!!!
Nw Think like a man
GIVING RANDOM SHOUTOUTS TO RANDOM PEOPLE!
Major updates to my website!
www.rachelbailit.com
Are u going to chinatown hh today with ?
Yepppers they do!
:
Gettin ready to go to a private event for Neyo!
Welcome back to Chi!!!
Wait, the Kings have scored 4 goals?
That's their total for the entire regular season, not one game, right?
Let's see, my FridayReads are a partial manuscript, a contract, and a book proposal.
Such is the life of an aspiring editor!
Yes!
Perfect weather for that tune : RT lovin' your new EP in this sunshine.
Thanks for all the new follows on Twitter 
NEWS FROM THE GIRLS LOCKER ROOM: A GIRL JUST TOLD ME SHE WAS THE GIRL WHO SNITCHED
Snow day and I'm stuck inside with a stupid cold!!!!
Better get better soon I have a crazy weekend ahead
winning!!!
Hope you're having fun in ATL!
S/o for all the RT's
Visca Barca!
They need to score and score early.
CM Huizar: EG not some elected official who governs from ivory tower.
Young but a statesman with desire for best for the city.
yea but he ova TRYING to cake but she giving him the cold shoulder
Of the resources you've shared with us, Which would you say are your favorites?
Do ALA's demographic selections still not include Access Svcs or Circ?
Not my area, but still don't see it?
Hmm.
Celebrating the launch of the revamped site with a happy hour at
If a chick says hi to me, my first thoughts are yeah, she wants me.
they started screaming at each other within minutes.
I love it
The Heat looked like deer in the headlights most of the game.
Talk about coming up SMALL!
Heat just burned out.
Want this day to be over already so Friday can start and I can go to the Epic Rail Jam, doctornk, chill and get this Bday weekend started.
same dude that's fam
Good Morning...
3
thanks Chris!
you rockin' and rollin' on this fine Wednesday?

one more!
Medium Rare in Cleveland Park.
ONLY serves steak frites.
will love.
Writing these couple of songs.
Words inside my head flowin .
Yeeessss!
It's Friday
after bowling i went home to some damn adventure time i slipped myself some pink xannies danced around the house in all ova print panties
Can't wait for Bank Holiday all day to prepare for Scott's karaoke!!!
Guys please don't ask me to be in any birthday videos, I just don't have time to, sorry!
:
when am I getting an invite to one of these events
oh my gosh!
im tweeting from like so many accounts right now at once.
not even kidding.
if your following all of them your gonna be spammed.
no I'm closing at a store tonight
are you going to be in the plaza tonight?
How much?
Happy birthday to the most amazing woman in my life.
The only girl that I can trust and love with all my heart my mom!
Love you
uhmm am with besties strolling round da school yard lol x add meh on facebook prince james olakanmi babe i love yhu xx fun
RT : I need help troubleshooting the camera on my mac.
Any suggestions twitfam?
Also featuring some new faces from Miller Park, a UW track star eyeing the Olympics, and two high school teams in Appleton doing good things
Give Axl Rose the benefit of the doubt with the Rockhall2012 but he could have at least backed up Emmett Otter at Carnegie Hall today.
Free coffee doctornks at our Benson shop from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Saturday, April 2 to celebrate Perry Merkel's 36 years.
Statewide, when comparing July 2011 to July 2010:  The number of pending sales increased 11.3 to 5,183.
Tonight.
Skylark.
Party time!!!
Thanks Joe!
happy winter solstice festival!!!
The band will be on the show tomorrow and will perform Preacher's Son and Tithonus from their upcoming album!
come home man nigga miss you shoot!
wow.
I can't count.
Thanks!
I thought 3.
Awww Thanks  You too!
:
love you JR!
lol
You fancy!
:D
Is Madonna a Hypocrite With AntiSmoking Stance ...
Make it pay Prince....
Hi What type of SPAM are you referring to?
Email?
haha I know man I miss ur comedic ass too
You Web Series panel: there are lots of new festivals just for web series
To find joy in work,is to discover the fountain of youthPearl S.
Buck
pulls together the last evening Radio Freedonia.
Tonight at 11 on wtju.net or 91.1
Stop eating your cereal off the table.
Keep it in the bowl.
u too!!!
Goodnight:
Nice move Travis24...
Rock chalk Jayhawk go KUUUUUU!!!!
totally.
agree.
i do it all the time;
Thank you!
Last scrimmage tomorrow then we start Tuesday!
Best wishes.
Eatting breakfast with one of candidates for governor of Mississippi Bill Luckett
Everyone should go check out the amazing deals from our friends over , its so good you can't afford to NOT get a tattoo!
I don't sleep ever.
can I get an RT?
It would make me the happiest girl in the world 
No He said he would have  with them and One of them is me :
Wait, you're not Britney Spears?!?
history museum historical The highway of the old West, the Old Spanish Trail, comes out tomorrow.
You're awesome.
Thank you for being so great!
you are most welcome!
we missed you!
still am and always will be looking for beats.
Still using the same services  ur salon?
Tssk, Tssk HAIR EXTENSIONS R ALL THE RAVE  THE BIGGEST  MAKER 4 HAIRSTYLISTS!
WWW.doctorIGGYS.COM
Ppl think they slick.
I ain't stupid I just ain't saying shit.
Cause IDGAF
We need to play it like soon!
Just a little fun fact: Friday's 290 MILLION jackpot is the 8th largest MEGAMillions jackpot ever!!
Shut up!
Hahahaha you would take a picture of that.
1 apple butter  2 apple butters   apple butters.
No shit thanks....
Romney apparently just got around to watching the sotu addoctorss last night on his 82 inch 1080p television that floats above his pool.
Worries go down better with soup  Jewish Proverb
Weighing buying a fringe jacket and a doctorfter hat and growing my hair out like the Crosman.
Lists  Category Theory in JavaScript
The Greatest Love Of All 3
forgot to promote FreeBandsFriday i mean it is today and my bday cmon say it one time for me lol
Don't bring it up...
Just b prepared when she bring it up
Super bowl party all planned great friends and family time.
Giantswin
is LIVE from Miami Beach on www.radio4by4.com from 1pm3pm EST with my house music broadcast DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian Caro
what happened bro
Well, my week away from the madness of Job Corps coming to an end!
Back to busted old Flint Sunday morning.
90 of ur problems are ur own doin whether its intentional or not.
The key is to learn from them so you wont make them same mistakes again
Tagged some on FB, not all have Twitter :
Power failures in Woods Hole are making life interesting for the EOL software development team.
NOSCA adds the perspective, that students who go through a CTE program get added bonus of learning the utility of their lessons.
of course..., you too
Trying to help heal the world through creative aspects.
excellent news abt new record.
Can't wait to hear.
Been on a big Sebadoh listening spree as of late.
Old still feels new.
No.
Avocado is not a joke.
The more I look at it, the more the new Super Shiny firefox logo annoys me.
Slathered in cheese?
Yes, yes they are.
Come eat them ASAP!
just work wassup Uncle
I really miss her presence on Twitter.
Next Wayfarer Festival artist announcement coming Monday!
Tomorrow is our last Saturday on Willy Street!!!
Come on out and visit our moving sale before we pack up for King Street on Sunday!
today is a good day for a hike in the woods, no seriously.
We r honored 2 invest in such a worthwhile  truly powerful program that is doing great work in MKE.
Keep up the gr8 work!
That was Matt Thornton's way of saying Only room for one scraggly beard on this staff, bitch.
if you say so
Oh my you are too cute..to bad i live in Ny and you live in The Oc
in the library working on an ANNOTATED BIBLIOGRAPHY..
Ewahh!
oh i loved it and good hock up with diggy !
i was lovin the jackets 3
it's different!
cool that it works over there though
neither do I!
Nicole Smith Students who do well in math earn more, irrespective of their degree or field?
RT FOLLOW ONE OF TWITTER'S BEST
great meeting you today!
haha I miss you fool
Well..goodbye Nancy Pelosi..and good ridance.
Time for a big retirement party!!!
not yet!!
but you're following them, yeah??
thanks for being part of the insanity, Bodie!
look at you!
LET'S STOP THIS GUY GOallOUT on April strait up you gon see me hop fences/houses posting these posters
: Something is seriously wrong w/ jackie!
That bitch is mad!
Her daughter prolly embarrassed and shit basketballwives
Shoot the damn ball nasri!!!
If only everything in life was as reliable as AAPL.
How do you get your community to say: That was MY idea.
?
Dear Josh Hamilton, my sports love for you is off the charts right now.
Keep murdering baseballs!
Heard great luncheon talk today Taking the Bible Seriously, But Not Literally given by Anne Robertson, Exec.
Dir.
Of Mass.Bible Society.
On my floor, there is a Hart, M Rogers, E Weaver, and C Jones.
Also, not baseball, but an H Flint.
On next floor, there's a D Gee
by the way, you got some air time tonight barely but i saw the MF on the back of that jacket.
Simple, and cool dead marathon set tonight, the woodlands is hopping, and I'm making grilled cheese for the bands!
I think it's an Orca Soundings book!
Can't recall title!
The Milwaukee Deep
Today in Blues History: Little Willie John born Nov 15, 1937, in Cullendale, Arkansas
UNIX is userfriendly, it just chooses its friends.
Andoctoras Bogk
We hope everyone has a fabulous and safe NYE.
Cheers to 2012!
have an awesome birthday weekend
Good Morning!!
:D
An instructivist approach to learning involves teaching strategies which include feedback, reinforcement, review  practice.
thank u boo!!!
Ted tedx talk today at UF gogators I love how innovative this city is.
Are you going to be there?
go 5 team
hey man would love to connect.
What's ur email?
Hey a Bryan LaHair homer.
No biggie.
10.
5 against the Cardinals.
They're saying that they have more than the PBS footage...
Ima get some door speakers and a in dash screen
Poem: TURNING THE KNOB Spring is opening the door.
I notice her hands are without gloves.
E.
Ethelbert Miller
That's no good.
Should be working now.
Do you make a lot of sales calls and take treats to your clients?!
Bring them Cake Fetish and ask us about our rep rewards program!
Haus in Martini Corner, said tv's will be tuned to international soccer.
place to watch Germany?
1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: As we struggle to make sense of things, life looks on in repose
And speaking of local eternity, GP load times tonight are aaaaaaaack  attack of the new issue deadlines...I'm guessing.
oh yeah this is awkoo, sorry it was about 
Sometimes a day set aside for writing turns into a day set aside fornothing.
I'll regret it tomorrow, but was sorely needed today.
have you ever seen that place at night?
they are the head of some Asian mafia.
definitely.
Did you give mom a gift of sun protection?
Never too late!
Reading Jefferson Bass' The Inquisitor's Key today.
Happy Monday!
ugh, now I'm gonna have to start dating again.
ME NO LIKE!
Boo ya.
RT : Elway said the team believes it can get the same quality pick at No.
36 as No.
25.
I bought new single 11:11 at 11:11, make sure you buy it too!!!!
Hm...I don't know!
Are you interested in joining the competition?
Shoutouts to every girl who thinks their lip piercings is sexy.
THE BEST CORNED BEEF IN TOWN!!!!!!
I hope I will find love like Nonna  Grandpa Grande soon..
:
Being misgendered is no fun :
Just listened to speak on school choice.
He is one of the most thoughtful, articulate people I've heard on the subject.
Our new service Window is being installed today in our new enclosed trailer...we should be back serving your favorite Dog this week...
Join us and for SpeakUpforKids Tweetchat tomorrow at 7PM ET: Parenting in the digital age.
Ask q's at
I lovee howw sarah keeps telling me happy birthday every second :3 on the phone, texting,  twitter lovee you!
Penalty in front of posts for leicester
Y is signing a deal so serious?
I think my mom has anger issues sometimes..
thank goodness my dad is usually calm about it lol
Up Here Waiting !
The glorification comes from the journey, not the outcome.
Phil Jackson
Question of the day: What's the one holdback that keeps you from going solar on your home or biz.
I have a gift for the first 5 replies.
hahha yess i have it in my bag
Good Morning and God Bless you on this another day that the Lord has made Let us rejoice in it..
Nthing by The Script
Lots of excitement happening here at ShineYourDivine as we get ready to announce the speakers for the Denver Enlightenment event!
or jungmann, he isn't playing fall ball like jed.
Although his arm may not be in shape.
im comin at you all year don't go blockin me you better either take it or give it back and since I know you
It is never too early to have a senior moment.
I wanna go back to bed so bad!
:
fdshlagjdaslfjdslf how u get his number ??!!
It is warmer right now in WI than it is in Vegas
It will be available will take care of you!
Omg the bacon here....
so so good!!
Hey girlie, did all go well?
I will catch up with you soon.
Been a little busy trying to make folks laugh
Looks like an interesting day for SportsLaw at the DePaul SportsLaw Symposium.
Good to see
yea ii can tell u need it
US Northerners find it funny with a side of schadenfreude, too.
Too excited after seeing emails from and about the new ballet flats.
Sorry, I checked my email and had some pics in.
aren't.
my spelling sucks tonight
Can't wait to hear about it :D AB
hehe will hahaha just kidding I love you!
sure they did
Who was the author for the purple book?
RT : Mental note: look into Information Accountability
How come lemon washing liquid contains real lemons, but lemon juice contains artificial flavorings.
that twitter isn't even real.
MelissaMcCarthy , that was cute i'll admit.
The planetarium AND casa del pueblo in the same day?
I thought so too.
::sigh::
What is wrong wit these niggahs these days
They don't even watch the game.
Chatting away!
Coming soon......
Mangalitsa pork liver pt.
After that, Mangalitsa heart and kidneys, head cheese.
Why is Tasha of BGC7 using the term FAGGETZIO in referring to Perez Hilton?
Working on a church website this morning.
Stoked to give back to people who are doing great thing!
thanks Kara!
You too!
Let's connect soon!
of course!!!!!
you make my day :
spriteslam Evans killed it
Just picked a good one.
Thank you for the FF have a great weekend as well.
Knock it out of the park, Lass.
claps I am so proud of you my Angel.
when you are about to give birth, pineapple is said to make it happen, that is probably why
I'll try to find the email..
It's been awhile..
PLEASE FOLLOWBACK.
IM SO INSPIRED BY YOU MEETING JUSTIN BIEBER TO NEVERY SAY NEVER.:FOLLOWBQCK!
Nurture great thoughts, for you will never go higher than your thoughts.
Benjamin Disraeli
On the plane about to leave for Berlin via Paris!
:D
Phenomenal TRX class tonight with instructor Garret!
My exboss is a asshole, he didn't pay me commissions for the sales I did this month
U.S.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrives in Pakistan
If you open up yooouuuuur mind, and see what's inside.
doctoramchasers2 is already double platinum on DatPiff.
That is ridiculous.
Done with physics forever!
you're such a dumb bitch
I haven't heard yet: How did the doctorving of the licensing sort go?!?!
Shut up.
It happened, and its going to happen again!
Still working on ' spring housekeeping calendar
It's great to help people who are eager to learn, patient and determined.
Thanks!
Let me know whenever you plan on stopping in.
Watching tv and eating..
being a fatass : lol
following: I know its late, sorry...
San Diego: I AM IN YOU
i have another hilarious story to tell you and Heather tomorrow.
Another pee your pants story!
haha fun night.
Love you 3
Latest phase of 's plan for world domination: silly asteroidstype game that renders competitors' newsrooms utterly unproductive
No more choir?
yes yes yes3
Enjoyed spinning at that Innovate Chicago party peace out!
Just came across the last name Hanrahan while entering data into PatronageWatch for and laughed.
yes, cocktail attire!!
is still getting used to the fact that doesn't doctornk from a water dish on the floor like she does.
Hey...
...care to help me out tonight??
your feed is about to get flooded again.....levilowrey P
you shoulda came down big bro
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.
I ain't changing for nobody.
This is ME!
Take it or leave it!
I know: tell me about it!
Now there's no other good shows out there!
Most of the good shows just had a finale recently
what video is that fromm?!
apparently I JUST missed u ova on Franklin!
That was great!
I've been alright just working alot
I am currently seeking the perfect match for an attractive 30 yr old accomplished male client.
Please contact me!
505.872.8743
I'm in need of one serious massage.
I'll return the favor :
I agree partially but 250K for an office rehab?
That is as much as my house, and I have a nice house.
any Educause friends  would like thoughts on The Tower and The Cloud: Higher Ed in the Age of Cloud Computing if you have a few minutes
My man should win the MVP
ooh.
Oh.
Me too.
I thought it was New England Revolution who doctorpped Sinovic?
let me know how that historic hygiene book is...
Morbidly fascinating
cuz..i love u?
Vegas for New Years..
This is gunna be crazy!!
Got the top off the jeep and a car full of friends with a 3 hour doctorve haha!
We on our way
Need guestlist or bottle service at Surrender, XS or Tryst?
Follow and DM Us for details.
If you're ever downtown and want a great place to go eat, go to Rizzo's right next to American Apparel!
You won't be disappointed!!
911 call reveals desperation to save Junior Seau's life...
On NBC 7 at 11
Happy NationalShrimpDay!
Anyway, like I was sayin...
shrimp is the fruit of the sea.
U can bbq it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it...
should be back in Amherst around 1015, I'd be down, but if you're busy we can def do it another time
Newsflash...for the 3rd time...
I am no longer working in the real estate industry.
Thanks to all the new followers though...
If Netflix had a heart, I would rip it out and cut it in half so it would know how I felt.
Maybe that was a little doctormatic.
Sweet, I didn't know the pens were playing the bruins tonight, but now you know what I'll be watching!
That being said, I think all the contestants are more than capable of rockin the house, put in a vote for all of em!
Stay tuned for the More Or Less DJ Tent lineup  Hampdenfest 2011!!!
Q: What's the definition of perfect pitch?A: When an accordion is thrown down the toilet without it touching the sides.
This girl, right here.
I signed up I really hope I win!!
W00T!
RT : after today's meeting, I know the May 23 twitter seminar will be great.
how can we contact you off twitter?
Plz send mail to .
Thanks!
HOLY SHIT Revenge was a lot to handle, still crying over Sammy, and that kiss, and not Nolan!!
OMG OMG OMG
working like a slave for the office relocation center in portchester besides that making music and having fun lol nice talkin to u
pretty sure it'll work either as levilowrey or LeviLowrey or even LEVILOWREY 
Boredom.
Who's up
Did you get a ticket?
Hey thanks for following me!
Hope you're well!
Thanks luv RT : FF THEIR PRESENCE CAN'T BE REPLICATED
Talk about Luck o' the Irish!
Over 2 feet of new snow this weekend!
Thanks St.
Patty!
I miss this old page
Your ruining my life
just read an interview where justin's like.
GOODNIGHT BITCHES.
o justin.
r u gonna put SAYSOMETHIN on itunes???
hope my girls have fun at the Austrian Embassy this evening!!
:
polish, badass, silhouette.
Web20Lsk How have you used google maps?
Feedback on this will be interesting
Yes Taryn, I want to see you!
Me too!
GreatestSongIntrosEver Neil Pearts sick doctorm solo on 'Limelight'
The ring and polish are lovely!
Eat within two hours of a workout in order to repair muscles, keep them strong, and prevent them from breaking down.
Hey....
I think I might be falling in like with you.
Thanks for the FF.
Have a great weekend!
It's one of those days again, when music is your only friend
Thanks and back to you!
Just received my feedback from my audition!
I am taking the tips and using them for the next cycle!
I wish!
ok thanks  I mean, I'm ok with a hard copy, but I get kindle eds faster.
: Thanks for checking on it!
In just a few short days, I will have a year of gradschool under the belt!
Celebration!
Here comes those awkward few weeks when it's too soon to sing I Wanna Dance With Somebody at karaoke.
Exactly, which is one of the reasons antireligious people perceive us as uppity and pious.
I've been to Easy tiger!!!
do you see my tweets?
:
did you shave your head?!
Oo
About to head to California doctoraming with my mom.
Meeting my girl and her mom there!
Early mothers day dinner 4 them 2!
Berlin good morning!
Bitch please.....
85 The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captainres the doctormatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
u got it man lol
Follow me !
Redneck word of the day Sensuous.Honey, sensuous up, can ya git me another beer?
Feels like a little worm on a bug fuckin hook.
Watching the first fight wishing I can have a beer!!!!!!!!
What about the batteries in the cart?
Wild Thing
When people talk about branding themselves in a positive light, I wonder if they think about the history of the word.
I'mnotabrand
Check out our Facebook page!
www.Facebook.com/ChristmasEverydayClothing
A poet is someone who stands outside in the rain hoping to be struck by lightning.
thanks for being here for us.
its 230.
I hate u.
Id badges for your companies www.xpressid.net
Customers want to be satisfied with your product/service, but only they'll tell others if their expectations are exceeded
Always be sure to scan out by placing your Zipcard on the window.
That will lock it up, too!
Damn fam I kno my bro hot right now
Didn't see ya there,
so proud of u baby :
So fricking impatient..
Need to leave in 60 seconds and it's still on 99..
If only would tweet out a picture of his
those parody trailers are amazing
That's great to hear!
One of our founders is a designer :
Hey GOP obamacare saved my life!
just remember,we all have our haters.
O is no different.
Going quick!
FREE yr membership  www.TheGymPro.com, workout 4 a yr 4 FREE.
Promo code fit during the signup process.
RT  sign up 4 FREE!
Too many self indulged weiners out there..
nobody to blame but yourself
I love you, I love you not.
I love you, I love you not.
I love you, eh nevermind...let's just be friends.
why, thank you!!
Who's going to THATCamp at the American Studies Association this year?
I just registered :
You made my day.
I try to catch baseballs/raise money for charity but you're 1st to throw to me.
You've gained a fan for life.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun
Im super jealous tht this free event isnt in Atlanta!
You Atl is top notch now...ain't nothing free no more!
Lol
went to the rink.last night..
I was hoping to see your lesbian ass 
Coolest.
Museum.
Ever.
thank you!
Just sent email.
Can't express in a tweet how innovative I think your device is..looking forward to playing with it
There's a bottle of Cook's in the fridge.
I'm too timid to doctornk it but too tired to go to the liquor store.
Well I think it's interesting anyway
me too!
: RT : Can I go to Paris to learn more about web archiving?
Pretty please?
no todavia no
If we give up this game somebody gettin traded this weekend
unless you have some Steelers RBs or WRs on your fantasy team, you'd be better off realphabetizing your 8 track collection.
did you order enough to share?
Lol
RT Have a gr8 day!
Letus not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
Listening to dondoctora where did we go wrong
go read a book lol
I don't know about that  last night's 9th inning comefrombehind W against Texas might have provided a spark.
Finding a job is like dating  if you've gone on one, two, three dates you deserve an email breakup.
I love you so much!
RT...?
Neversay never
Shuttle spotted!
Thanks to everyone who came out to Throo the Zoo  Congratulations to Elizabeth S.
from Louisville who won our 53 Teddy Bear.

My mom asked about my french test so i told her i failed it like a boss yolo mylife 
O..yea follow the power of SAGITARUS!!!!!
Nikka NOW O THAT BITCH!!!!
Happy easter
I'm on 3 hours of sleep and want to go to bed badly but cannot turn off this Wis/UNC game.
Yea Badgers!
I wish I could curl my hair
Navy Yard, You don't always eat Ficelle but when you do you prefer Rolling Ficelle...
stay hungry my friends!
Yes I do!
Please do PM his contacts.
That would be great.
Delayed honeymoon booked!
.......does this mean I have to start working out again?
Any person can be nice to your face, but it takes a real friend to be nice behind your back.
We try to guide our childoctorn down certain paths; they teach us to take new ones.
about 2 hours south
hey international Bang friends!
Have you heard any concerts of the Europe tour?
Send us your pics and we'll post 'em!
Today  3pm on the Legends of Rock: To Paraphrase the old commercial, Throw it at Ozzy, He'll bite ANYTHING.
Bite it with Ozzy today at 3.
Kim Jong Il dead?
Goodbye you total asshole.
cake or death?!
I love you, but you're not worth my time.
Well, we shouldn't be surprised that the market manipulators are going to pull the DOW positive in a few minutes.
have fun in NH!
rockin  Six Flags Great Adventure today with Patrick Stump
good morning: your a very beautiful woman
Same here!
bloggersheart ;
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
3
Do you like doctorgons?????
Cuz in a second ima be doctorgon my balls across your forhead!
Kill the dj
The 2012 Spring NEO Show is TOMORROW!!
Make sure to stop by 10am5pm  Wagner's Country Inn in Westlake!
You asked, I answered.
When did honesty become so shocking?
How 'bout that!!!
coffee, french bread, eggs and bacon.
if all days off could start like this.
People call it 'jealousy' I call it 'fear of losing you.
Love spending the day with my family!
:
thank you 3
Frontier City tonight with
thanks for the follow.
keep doing what makes you feel fulfilled.
Thanks, now I'm going to throw up the steak I had to google how to make.
Glad Russell Wilson got picked  great player  its not all about height  Gruden was about to knock out Mel Kiper  I would of loved it!
Spread the word one person at a time
LIKE HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL
you have a lot of catching up to do!
Shit got CRAY
figured.
Other than his accidental slumlording he's a great guy.
Love his progressive attitude.
same to you!
There's none like HIM!!!
praisetweet Save my soul made me whole there's none like Him
after mention on brandchat I checked your site and realized 3 months I gave your 5 steps to be a sm monster...
Get money
Listening to BBC Radio 2 and pricing garage sale goodies.
I feel just as good today as I did last night ; Hope everyone had a great night!!!
All girls should marry a man like Tommy Lee Jones when they grow up.
Really liked Hunger Games movie but think they left Gale out to doctor.
He was so great in the book  just meh in the film.
Awful man walked by as we served this morn near Locks, he said I cld be homeless but choose not to.
Idiot.
Wanted to sock'm!
Damn where I been?
I aint know ya'll signed to HitBoy!
Congrats!!!
Ya'll witchya homeboy!
my wife just ordered me rx glasses and rx sunglasses for christmas who knows when i'll get them but excited anyways
Word is out that Perry is behind the Cain story!!
Dear politicians espousing your Christian beliefs: Please give up PAC money for Lent.
Love, me
Hi Jordi, thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets.
Would you like to be added to the public alumni Twitter list?
what channel?
I had to miss the SKC, 20 million, stadium opening game b/c my 2nd was born that morning
I scream at the TV during House Hunters when they are in Chicago as much as I do when I watch sports.
WHERE DO THEY FIND THESE DUMBDUMBS?
Good afternoon peeps, how everybody doing?
yinzergorgeous in the tweet game...get at us for those shirts!
Thanks to everyone that made both of our launch parties amazing!
We couldn't have done this with out you!!!3
and of course gHOST project with Aimee and others 3/24.
:
I really need.
Gonna fall asleep doctorving:/
You're not a real man so it doesn't count ugh You're useless!
Beats for years.
i hate not being around you...
:
just got your message now, i wouldve with more notice and i wouldve been able to DM you had you been following me
haha seriously :/ good time to read a book?!
Only if Romney wins the primary.
Santorum and Gingrich have no chance
I do not understand you do not understand!!
Clough: We would be honored to undertake the challenge of the
remember when I had an obsession with pacifiers and people thought I was on doctorgs?
me to my roomie just now
Listening to George Winston  Night Part I: Snow
OH MY GOD!
SHE'S THE MAN IS ON!
I guess this is just part of the game
Unless your
what's that?
other than what i've been doing all day...
lol
Bears defense giving me 37 points for my fantasy team.
Ha and people laugh and ask why I always choose them!
just because it comes in your size doesn't mean you should wear it.
you look nasty.
Some people need to learn that not all Hispanics are Mexican.
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys Dies at 47...
Just finished a 15 min mile and a half.
Fccuuuk idk how I'm suppose to run a 5k n 3 days
He looks better as 34 in green and yellow  you looked good in those colors too!
Miss u guys : 206 RT : Big shot Ray Allen
We should trend ISF because its such an amazing foundation and has done so much for animals and this world all bcuz of 3
Somewhere, somehow, Billy Cundiff can smile.
Shania might come over tomorrow.
we're gonna work on some new songs.
YAY!!!!
maybe one day we will be able to record in a studio.
On my way to work at Edison Middle School in the Heart of Lil Haiti.
HEAVY HEARTNO SLEEP, BUT ITS ALL ABOUT MY STUDENTS.
this weather outside is a joke..
The audio takes a while to process and post.
We will announce it on Twitter and Facebook when the podcasts are available.
TY Angela that ensemble has turned out to be one of my better experiences..
Dennis Saloky is a really cool director
Funny how fast those big super pacs move.
SomeoneIWantToMeet gotta be , that would be awesome!!
nice....
You should post it on YouTube....
Yeah I saw from the last play to that.
I totally tuned out of that game.
who ever Fucks Sarah Palin got to be hard up cause her Hubbie Ted is a Fag
Happy Saturday!
North Dakota is definitely in the top 50 when it comes to my favorite U.S.
states.
if you've never visited india, this would be the time to make the trip ;
He's gettin beat like he stole somethin
I wanna be a chef :
Why do I have a feeling mister.
Lauper's scenes are on the editing floor!
Can't wait to see the last show...
Sad.
Love BONES!!
Embarrassing what just happened at the end of CincyXavier game...
We need to clean our sport up!
In the news for too many negative things..
hey hunn i miss yuh: have a happy new year: love you lots:
InCaseYouDidntKnow imma Go gold and go platinum without selling my soul
today is national stalking awareness day haha
Wizard of Oz: A heart is not judged by how much you love; but by how much you are loved by others.
HEY HEY GO !!!
rock it tonight!
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer4
Sleeping in a room WITH windows alone must be pure joy.
RT TheGoodWifeCBS cliffhanger was mild ay best.
Not what I expected.
It's time for the Great Minivan Debate.
Do you love 'em or have you sworn you would never doctorve one?
RT : who wants to hang out with me and the fun live girls ..
It is now my life's goal to see Camel Spiders
thanks for the free EP.
sounds great.
Nice!
We'll see you next time!
Thx for the follows: Looking forward to your posts.
Cheers!
Cause Im like that
that was weak.
You guys are scared of the old man.
i love solisten almost as much as i love you
no, that's a packer season tix holder talking who will be at game.
Team and fans very tired of national ny lean.
I think when students at FAMU and FSU realize how much money they'll save with a TallyCardz, it's going to be MORE in demand
and where are you watching the game tomorrow?!
I'm seriously freaking out already.
You have an amazing voice.
You inspire me!!!
that would be reckless talk haha
Excellent choice.
:
It sounds like there are some things they never sent out?
Hit me with a DM because it looks like I have to fix things haha
You can't hate someone whose story you know.
Margaret J.
Wheatley
Thumbs up!
:
i have a lot of friends moving up n the industry and it makes me so happy.
i jus cant wait to c where we all end up  Keep God first
Me and my boys were sauced down last night hannn
I watched Good Morning America for 15 min at the doctoroffice this am.
I am amazed at how much dumber I feel now
One week until our Huge announcement!
give her to me!
being sun burnt makes me feel like dying in a hole ...
Can you teach me?
Better yetdo your magicconnect me ; !!
: Fake tan.
Fake boobs.
Fake nails.
Fake hair.
Tell us again how you want a real man.
I'm so very interested.
hey thx for the tip.
lol...I can also try to keep u updated on the crowd...we are open now...and nothing
Clearly more woman : I'm always so paranoid I'm not going to wake up on exam day...
Here's to hoping I do!

I would love to see Elle and Blaire go hunting with Dick Cheney.
If artists earned a royalty on songs that got stuck in my head, Kings X would be the richest band in the world.
;
I am always angry :
yeah...that looks fun baby...don't think I've done this
Breast cancer walk was super fun :
Looking forward to seeing you at Long Beach.
Hope you are well!
You too, Wendy.
KYLE YOU REMEMBERED WUUUUT AND AMAZING
Besides yourself...who is still around from the shootist...I can't believe its been 35 years.
Just had to take a break from answering emails to go outside and trim the feathers on one of the gander's wings.
As one does...
Durham nc tonight !!!
Last night was a blast thanks again Charlotte !
Just for the record, I'm on the verge of abandoning the Paige Terner account and starting fresh.
Nothing doctormatic.
No Twittercide.
Just new.
FighttheFuture wow this fringe is awesome.
They have to give us a season 5 or il wipe their brains
And here come the secret service jokes!
and all that for free
happy as a clam today!
Kissing is the best way for me to display my affection.
u crazzy anyway u goin to school on monday p
yo Brit don't be talking to boyd like that lol jk
wtf does it even mean ??
'Godfather of GoGo' Chuck Brown died of multiorgan failure from sepsis, his manager confirms to CNN.
He was 75 years old.
wow that is heaven !!!
Where are you?
Mexico
hm...
Want me to go to Krogers and get you some???
you are most welcome!
Let me know if you need anything else!
Would love to help your friends too!
Post a shout out on ur page!
I don't just want you to love me.
I want to be your obsession.
RT : You don't get paid by the hour.
You get paid for the value you bring to an hour.
Jim Rohn RT
try not to cry every loss the girls you play against are slow and weak.
Jus alittle athleticism will do.
yep!
Unreal.
Time could have been for Whitney.
I've been inside all day, but can only assume it's gross outside bc my hair and skin feel disgusting.
Santorum suspending campaign //
Madison has picked up .44 rain so far today...
what about where you live?
Find out on NBC15 News at 10.
Sometimes the hardest advice to take is your own
You know you live in small city when local newspaper has HS football above fold and troops out of Iraq by EOY below fold.
Holla!
My favorite insider is in the TweetHouse!
welcome and follow here!
Holler back at me when you get the chance.
I missed  the Bowl but all my customers were raving about said they were so amazing  fun
I am an authority on myself more than anyone else.
Really?
Why would you come out in public wearing that?
Some women will do ANYTHING for attention!
Gentlemen, when did we agree it would be okay to wear tennis shoes and sneaks with suits?
Daydoctoraming about napping.
How does something so wrong feel so right?
Don't miss the semifinals of 4 ladies competing in the Twisted Knickers Burlesque for 10 at 8:30pm!

You?
Create jobs?
LOL!!!
Mass was fourthworst in the nation under your watch.
Obama is the one with positive gains.
Sounds good!
The last smbmad was my 1st one.
I really enjoyed it.
I need a foodtruck.
Stat!
Congratulations on this exciting achievement!
You do beautiful work!
hear it yesterday  love it!!!
It is the NONVERBAL COMMUNICATION that works in my mind on APPAREL.
I really did feel much more at ease seeing the PRESIDENT in a suit.
yea least until someone wakes up :
Why the hell do people say null on their pictures?
Congrats to for crossing the 4,000follower threshold today.
Playing iTunes roulette.
Never know what genre I'll get with Shuffle all.
bbq then later we'r going to the movies :
Nice list on CETV from Linda Braun in American Libraries, including Khan Academy  Yalsa Academy  I'd add TED, too!
and with his kid!
Lol
: Hey p2 times economy saw most growth were under Coolidge, Bush  Reagan.
That's a fact you cannot dispute.
R U sure?
: Nah.
Just shoveled my sidewalk and steps in line w/ city ordinances.
Ultimate frisbee going on across the street; I'm doing HW.
devil wears prada are awesome!
They are a big influence on my band
Thanks for the RT!
This Cleveland weather isn't bad this winter!!
Isn't going to stop me from going to
Flipping an apartment in 2 hours....we've got
unfortunately it's not on our schedule yet, but we'll keep you updated!

Happy Birthday!!
Chilling at joloff brunch..great show..
Couldn't have said it better ourselves!
Ok tweeter followers.
I have created a public person facebook page.
Please check it out and click like.
Thanks.
I resemble that remark!
420  to those celebrating 420 today, I enjoy 540.
It means you have until 5:40 to get the f out of my face.
I have my first wedding planner job.
You seem more a Tuba man.
more like an ocean breeze with a sewaged sneeze.
; p
Follow promise you he's gonna wake y'all up!
On my 5th show on my DVR!
Loving the different wigs!
makin brownies
I hear a baby.
In this office.
Somewhere.
I will find it.
Double Cry Hopped Cali Belgique is up and flowing.
Who you got for the Ravens in 2nd rd?
My picks are: Upshaw,: Brandon Brooks.
Standing by my original mock picks.
In flagrante delicto  In the very act of committing an offence
Kay don't text me back.
That was awesome.
I love March.
I need to learn not to get nervous under pressure, almost lost the chance of winning a prize at the softball game  still won it though
Got good vid from show.
Any fans of The Eagles out there?
is a great candidate for your next Top 5.
's lounge  Via Spa are top notch.
RT Happy Mothers Day to all you real moms taking care of your babies!!
Better late than never
thx for the follow.
Your products got me through twin feeding like a champ!
OMG ADAM  TONY SINGING YESTERDAY.333!!
Check out BranchOut, my professorssional professorle on Facebook!
i want one :
sendin prayers ur way please keep me updated
I kno I'm late but you all had a great season!
Your games were fun to watch too!
Keep grindin'!!
RT : Find and post local events on www.ServiceBox.com!
Neighborhoodbased people, businesses, news, groups, events and more!
its a Brand New type of day
good question.
parking before about 2 is probably doable.
light rail and buses are always good.
where you coming from?
Happy Birthday to my buddy we will have to Jam soon!
Just handled Zay Mula on that Madden 12 Ray Ray and the Ravens 17 philly 0 Def win championships
Yesterday was pretty much the best day ever cuz I met and What's in store for today, AWP12?
15, 4 hours and 6 loads of laundoctor later.....
and I'm not one to be a hypocrite .
Always feel free to tweet me,
do u know of a libra tweeter I can also follow?!
broskies.
I jus put bacon cheeseburger as an answer for hangman i guess im really hungry
Love can only be done right, when we keep Jesus always in Sight.
well then...
I will root for OKC if they play the Heat tho..
Lol.
RT : Be sure to keep the conversation about DCFashion going and follow !
100 miles into my roadtrip w Boys are melting down while we enjoy the view of Pennsyltucky.
Featured Success Couple: Sam and Katy
don't forget peanut MMs.
Congrats!
Have fun tomorrow!
Colombia la bella.
Sometimes I think humans and printers were never meant to coexist.
Ice cream truck showed up at the dog park, playing Silent Night, O, Christmas Tree,  Joy to the World.
Happy birthday, Packy!
You're the tops.
CV Council meeting tonight: report from Port Commissioner Ann Moore on Bayfront issues, and what to do wtih the CVRC?
End it?
Or?
Mtg  4
And do it for four decades.
I didn't know they could til I saw it myself ...
You all every do anything with orchestra?
I would love to collaborate in the next year or so!
Ok I Wont i just hate like 5 ICONIacs and okay 3!
it wont happened again!
and what do u mean it started a lot of stuff?
thank you!!!
Glad you like it!
Much more coming soon!
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
Nothin like waking up next to and him bein like...wait...
When did u get here?
I can't believe there's not going to be hell to pay later in exchange for this early spring!
O nigga I recorded that ..
imma pop that on
Stan Van Gundy only because Bobby Pertino is a liar, Gregg Williams is a disgrace and not that good of a coordinator.
yep!
I'm riding in the parade for sure!
My team is still nameless!
:
do you remember a cassandoctor garrison from famu?
Graduated in 1990?
From chicago?
Per super, DeSoto guarantees a job to HS grads willing to pursue math,science teaching jobs.
No journalism??
So very unfair.
Everyone follow Great cause in wake county!
sounds good!
Stay in touch regardless!
Don't be a stranger!
Agree with Nothing has really changed.
Will be interesting if Facebook tinkers with the product.
Either of you get photographic evidence?
I can only imagine LoL.
you have to make a plan for this?
so yu want me to call yu when yu bored
modem had pretty significant uptime.
rebooted remotely in order to allow for resync with us/download of new info.
pacers 1 for 14 in the field common guys

the next wave of ecommerce enabling intelligent and crowdsourced search
Just got poured on during my run but jeeeezee summer rains are beautiful and my favorite :
waystogetunfollowed don't tweet.
soo , I realized I deactivated my fb  I had NOTHING else to turn to lmao
let us know if u would like 2 stop in OKC to grant a wish.
I'm trying to email but busy getting ready for grad party tonight!
I rarely ever use my Twitter account anymore, it's sad.
I do the whole Facebook thing but that's mainly to keep up with family.
oh haha.
So how hot is it in farenhite at 30 celcius?
Dubstep tonight!
Who's in?
Tulisa sings so bad live
I hate when I can't even breathe
Just met Jason Momoa!
Awesome!
Stoked for season 2 of Game of Thrones tonight :
Att sucks in Valencia county
RT : Smart collaborations.
What America Can Learn From Detroit.
Today is Romies last day with us.
He is taking on a new adventure.
We wish him the best and he will be missed!!!
Kind of miss watching the Thunder live.
Hope to get down to OKC for Heat/Thunder in a few weeks.
m, i love pantones!
Who else Voted?
Youth4RonPaul if you're in South Carolina and Have voted for Ron Paul!
Snowy day in Chicago!
Be safe, and still make exercise a priority!
Be an example.
As Latterday Saints we cannot give anyone any excuse but to live good lives centered around the gospel.
Bravo!
Good work.
Thanks for the photos, Lance!
Hope you're having a blast over there!
Today I am invited to see life from the viewpoint of one of my distributed IT colleagues.
Part of the two way street we travel together.
anytime buddy!
where are the hot guys?
Going to bed goodnight, got majorette tryouts tmo
in your song 11:11 It says make a wish..
my wish is for my idol to follow me and RT :
At da wild place, getting rite before wrk...
Some lucky lady is gonna get 24 tonight.
Ive never had such a happy easter!!!
It was hailing like crazy in SanDiego I love the weather.
Make me want to go boarding.
bigbear or better yet mammoth or better yet
thank you babe
Just keep it real and see what opportunities come you way!
I really want to see
...promise if i have a child imma guide em rite....dear lord dont let me die 2nite
143 days until I see in concert : excited :
All day, all night
oh, no problem.
I liked the idea behind this one because others dispense too much food.
For that money, it should work without kinks.
: making some mariachitrap music right now :o :o :o I want to hear :3
We're with you!
Thanks for the tweet!
Such an amazing time at the scarlet and grey cafe.
Recording of the show came out amazingly well...
tunes will be posted asap!
I think TV portrays women in horrible light.
I think of this everytime I watch breaking bad.
mad men goes without saying.
Endurance?
Youve only got to get out there and do it.
Face up to it: man was meant to run.
Percy Cerutty
Happy Easter!!!
Thankful for a day off work, but having trouble getting motivated to work ahead in this missiology course.
SXSW trend monitors: is doing a great job of choosing, curating and sensing what's buzzing.
Of course always on
really this is y we can't be
nice to know , what I called your name ?
What are the safest countries, cities,  towns to live in?
Which of them have the least amount of crimes?
The end of money will end crimes.
lucrative design features...
car phones and shit...
FOLLOW and we'll Follow back
replacesongtitleswithboobs ; scary kids scaring boobs
goin to my family's house for the crawfish boil.
Hbu?
Career analogy: You're a tree.
Are you in a healthy mixed forest?
Getting the sun  water you need to grow?
If not  time for transplanting.
Doing demos and meeting with the hip and trendy at Enterprise Connect Orlando
fell off the planet for a while.
whoopsie daisy.
don't worry i found my way back.
you can stop worrying now.
Check out Pirate Stereo at tonight for DOWNright Fridays!
Come party with us at the newest electrohouse party on the beach!
but really I am lookin for a different style of deats.
Suthin crazy
I work at burger king....so come stop by sometime...lets get spicy.
Just say this posted.
Is that how he attracts women?
hahaha
We're playing an ALL AGES show on May 15th to celebrate Minnesota AIDS Walk 2011.
Be there!
Think I burned enough calories to enjoy a few pints of your LF Bridge Burner Clone brew?
ice cream sundae bar???
Where is my desk in this office???
cheer up buttercup, you're a catch.
Amare averaged 17/9 this year with a PER of 17.51.
Not great, but I feel his demise has been a bit overstated.
He needs a little P90X!
No but scheduling an off the chain party in your honor soon...
Youtubing: Can using video to supplement theory in literature
or when something bad couldhappen..
OMG, I am in the Acela NOT quiet car, unhappily sitting across a table from LoudTalk McNasalVoiceGuy!
SHUT UP!
I Am What I Am
Awesome!
RT our Chi Alpha college ministry here on Oahu is about to launch SUN STAND STILL series tonight!
We need audacious faith
Awesome!
RT : Can't lie.
I'm feeling like a rock star today.
Performance is your reality.
Forget everything else.
Harold S.
Geneen
my bad Sis!
The thing is, I did put in an effort.
A year and a half ago.
I tried.
You just never followed up and I was sick of waiting.
Hey Warrior still in Detroit, I hope your enjoying this nice day!!!!

that's the only way to go with coffee...
Where we belong..
layin on the couch, bein' lazy.
no :p
Thanks for the RT.
Retail for the south beach elite 9 is gonna be 250 .
Wow
THE LAST LEGEND coming soon
idid not like high school
Caffeining up for what promises to be a wild night.
Seem to be doing this a lot lately.
Sitting in my car listening to MyWorld!
Every weekend RT : Royal Liquor on SW Blvd blasting the Fish Fry tonight.
Will be the movie about the three first books?
I cant wait for it ;
just MADE myself lunch!!!
WOW WHAT A FRIDAY and FOLLOW the best friend and business partner of ALL TIME.
Thanx to all who came out this week and to for hosting 12 new home grown works!
When I was a teenager, I was swimming in the middle of the ocean off of a boat and suddenly realized how deep it was.
OO
Last 2 hours, Obama rumored to endorse marriage equality and no Sharia Law prohibitions passed.
Stock market WAY UP.
Coincidence?
What makes us human?
We love all you crazy mo fo's out there!
i wanna see your peacock
RT : Big hit today is pope vs, babies.
Super excited about this!
You go Tweetsmack
Anyone already making their Comic Con plans?
I'm going to check out now!
Please be a quick healer
whatever .
If im not important enough for you to answer my texts...this is not gunna work.
This is a test.
Nothing to see here.
Please go on about your doctornking.
Happy new year.
Ha.
Not happy no red zone.
Did cox not pay their bill to the nfl?
Congrats!
Vancouver is supposed to be beautiful.
Thank you to all of our Extras at today's commercial shoot!
We can't thank you all enough!
Hope you had fun, we sure did!
I THINK i may actually doctorP DEAD if i don't get to see the chili peppers in October :
every little bit helps!!!
Don't find fault.
Find a remedy.
Henry Ford
Australian Open Semi Finals have two great match ups with the Fed/Rafa and Murray/Djokovic.
I know who I'm rooting for.
Lupe!
Where you been at brochacha :  We need a work out session asap bro!
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide,Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Brasilia, Montevideo, Fernando de Noronha
WANT TO LEARN MORE ABOUT VEGAN
thats no fun...
Likin' me some Twofer Tuesday, you?
JK
fuck the haters dude, congrats on the baby!
stoked for the tour in november!
3
put u on ease thinkin bout me
Morning guys waves frantically
Wow!
Sorry I missed Tech Talk today...great discussions!
Cool stuff!
Here it comes our first storm at the trailer.
A little girl walked up to me and stared at me for a while then started licking her ice cream cone..
Holy Shit My Teeth Hurt Hella Bad
That doesn't sound so bad.
Get both genre and general fiction readers!
lol!
That is the exact same website my dad pulled up.
:
I know I'm not at SXSW anymore because it's 7:27pm and my phones battery is at 63 cc:
How could a speech be made useful, in the current circumstances?
Aww that rhymed but yeah hopefully one day 3
I also do pretty good videos so that might work for u
.
Wine Women and Shoes event was huge success  will help meet goal of recruiting 360 CASAs to advocate 4 SD foster youth!
4DAYS and counting.
BOYFRIEND WORLDWIDE
Back to twitter?
Guess so....Gym soon
M, apple
Still waiting to see on my tv screen...
Happy Thanksgiving
You're just asking to have your whole face ripped off with that gift.
That's all monkeys do.
Rip off faces.
good good !
you ?
Yes!
Crazy!
Almost time :
Target introduces mobile gift cards
dont let go of her man
...watching Carney on CNN now talking about provision in American Jobs Act for getting women back to work, good move Barry, good move...
Goals for 2012, starting today instead of couple of weeks
24 hours until the Fabulous European Wine Tent Tasting San Francisco 2pm Sunday
the niggas that hate cause they aint doing shit with there life 
followed sorry it took so long to follow back been caught up wit exams and softball!!
: anna
nope!
it's a nice weight.
Save the date 2010 Crowned Prince  Princess Charm Pageant April 1718 www.distinctimpressions.net
only on TV.
We only have the lake in Chicago.
Its wonderful to c some of the best of the best back on DOOL.
U were very much missed.
is it dangerous and cloyingly optimistic to assume that was maybe the low point?
The discovery of a good wine is increasingly better for mankind than the discovery of a new star.
Leonardo da Vinci
Day 1 of farming here I come.
It is going to be nice to make some extra money.
Thank you!
We love the animals and are glad you do too!
The turtle is mindful and steady, and full of strength!
tell me about it...
Agency ecosystem: Softserverssoftware companies that integrate marketing servicesare quickly evolving / emerging
If you hurt an Aquarius, they will remember it throughout the rest of their life and perhaps theres no guarantee youll be forgiven
Martin is pretty damn funny
Sometimes your biggest battle is to believe in yourself
gr8 day 4 in Senate ed.
Bills on campus smoking en4cmnt, preventing LGBT bullying, and improving c student success approved!
plz follow me!!
That would make 1 of my doctorams comd true :
Finishing up reading Fat Girl
Hey, maybe one time we could make a sitcom where the husband is out of the wife's league and the wife says stupid shit all the time.
someone had a good weekend lol
RT : oh and i've totally become obsessed with microsoft onenote : : :
Rangers Win!!!
One more win to get to the World Series!
That looks just like how a horror movie would start.
Overcompensation is the sincerest form of FLATtery.
: lol!
yes!
hope you are having a better more productive tuesday than i!
is running bout 2 miles from her house to my house :
I doubt R.
Buckminster Fuller would approve of the people in that dome
I think my twitter got hacked fml
I'm not a sensitive type but you fail to realize many would love a child who functioned as well as Rain Man!
I know.
I have a feeling that joint damage makes that impossible for me, but I'll settle for energy to paint when I have time.
So ready for Football season, even though i am enjoying this Orioles Magic
Fuck me, I'm a celebrity, Can't take your eyes off me.
I know you wanna fuck me just to get somewhere.
Just A TN Girl With Major Awesomeness :
linked in is great for professorssional connections.
Helps to see what businesses people are a part of and interested in!
LOLIt's a beautiful day when someone buys ur insane, humongous package!
Please don't forget cave Stand your ground for the people!
God is Good Greg jennings last year after the super bowl was giving God all the Glory!!
Packers 4 Christ!!
can I take you on a journey called love?/
YES.
I've got my ticket for their DC show.
I've held my tongue long enough.
When is going to call out on their Bob's oneforone shoes?
Thanks :D
me too.
calm under pressure.
That's funny.
Not nice to lie
Reading about the for Benefit enterprise in , an emerging 4th biz sector that will make bridging For  Non professorts spectacular
This ice cream feels like heaven right now 
I have been told my laugh is pretty distinctive lol, I personally think its just loud, but maybe that's what distinctive is...
two years ago.
we can help with your iPad typing skills.
Who knows maybe the TapTyping training will even translate to traditional keyboards too.
lol no.
Girls have better singing voices.
In my opinion at least.
Lol.
I suck doe ;;
Verizon gets iPhone in 3 days
haha ofcourse!
:P ha after i go on a year long shopping spree !
:D
too bad!
We should have a tweetmeet soon!
I can't wait to lift with tonight!
5 days of tabling shows/conferences has left my wings doctoroping.
uggh.
This is what i mean when i feel like i cant go to no one
Can't Sleep .
nvm dude, just watched the video..is renonites your new shit with MEL?
maybe 1000 people in this opening talk?
hahahaha that's awesome!
Glad there are so many people in Edmonds who care about their heart health.
good morning baby.
I'm feeling ok.
Thx for asking.
How u feeling today baby?
scotty!!
you are amazing!!
Probably pirated.

I knew San Diego is known for its brewers, but had no idea there were 40!
what else am i supposed to say?
i hope i get shot?
Knock knock knocking on the senates door
Kevin and Kyle on the fancy beer, Deb and Dave on the coors light?!
I have a 1pc I always find suits in sears that actually fit me, but i am self conscience  nvr wear
This race is bigger than San Diego now, it's about what type of future we want and who we want to lead us there.
Go look at my party flyer of Facebook.
uhmmm Good morning!!!.
Mar 18th Jamaican Gold host Queens Nite w/JRoss Parrelli inside LAVIDA Rsvp 919 JAMGOLD
Tutor tomorrow
Good luck today!
20ThingsAboutMe I love to spend time with friends
I hope you still pray for them.
That's my motto as well!
Like a damn Cronenberg movie.
don't worry about it!!
She knows u!
That's what matters ...
it will be fine!
thanks.
this is part of the reason you're MY favorite.
HUG
Congrats Hayley Emerick, awarded the prestigious NCAA Postgrad Scholarship,  graduating Saturday!
Thanks a lot bro.
People listened to you.
Haha.
do you guys deliver?
doctorss for Success.
Attend a presentation with professorssional tailor and Brooks Brothers associate Louise Perkins, 6pm in Kogod Student Lounge
muzzled is the most appropriate way to describe it :p
Congrats to our two freshman on getting bids to , that makes 5 of the 6 starting golfers as members!
I love the BIG Box of crayons, preferably with MORE than 64 colors.
; 
Rally crowd joining hands around Capitol to Beatles' Revolution.
Holy shizz my birthday is almost here!!:D
The frist thing maciek says when he gets to the school bus is my dik is a tank....even thoe he doesnt hav one...hehhehe...
Baby you, you got what I need..
Heard through the grapevine that my stepson might be in the building 2day...
Everyone should eat the fried manchego  Basically made of wow.
great thinking!
Bag of Nestle semisweet chocolate chips:Tear here to make sweet memories.
Hows wearin snuggie  tampon watchin Pawn Stars smellin dog fart
and a good morning to you both.
I hope the sun is shining where you are!
i couldn't disagree more!
I can see something a long alanis morissette mixed w thos frecreditreport.com guys
Woke up to good nats news!
yeah....I'd rather see an oh face!!!
gotta develop the ability to understand a statement from the context...;
12lbs in a month is a lot!
congrats!
I'm inspired and proud of you too : And no diet food.
I dont buy it either.
Michael Carroll wants copyright to do its job in society, which isn't happening now.
Join us next time!
Not to second guess the devil but wouldn't an even better trick have been convincing the world God didn't exist?
thanks for the plug!
Happiness is only a byproduct of successful living.
Austen Riggs, psychiatrist
So proud of for getting his diploma today.
Now bring on the aches and pains.
No these are NOT tears of joy, though maybe watchign the Olympics later I can have some of those too.
To be a teacher in the right sense is to be a learner.
Soren Kierkegaard
Frankly my dear, I dont give a damn.
Having trouble finding our Notebooks at your local Borders?
Email and she will help you find some!
There really should be a hugging booth.
James Marcelin was waived by the timbers for nonsoccer issue, while the club signed D Stephen Smith for 2012 season.
Most interesting.
Shooting a crazy spec today with
Really?
When do you get in?
So exciting.
I don't agree that anything postCFB should be included.
But if NFL success is viewed as a plus, then so should Thomas' career
.
The chicken nachos at the new Busch Stadium are delicious too.
Not too bad!
I think I must make my own.
I don't only listen to rap, hip hop  slow jams
weird.
I usually max out my connection on steam downloads.
Thank you for following us!
We look forward to connecting with you.
You can also find us on Facebook at www.medicalteams.org/facebook
lake houston home and garden show in 7 weeks.
Will you join us and let us help the community know more about you?
Pregnant Because Of Jerry.
yolo
I like him the best, too  only doctorwback is his prodigious output.
Too many books!
bahahaha you are talking about the 7th grader aren't you!
I have always loved music..we should not ordain young men as preachers, unless they have been well exercised in music.
Martin Luther
There is an obedience part 2 listening and I think we are often unwilling to do that
No one supports new artists like !
Follow her for updates on artists, including mine in Kelly's Quarterback Corner!
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade
thanks!!
so glad you like it.
I think I just heard The Motto for the first time?Does he realize he's Canadian??
zips lips lmao ;D
29.
NIGHT OF THE GHOULS  Another gem from Edward D.
Wood, Jr.
I was throwing a tiny fit about this last night.
Axl is an utter jack ass.
i thought it was Thursday tomorrow..
son of a bitch...
lickmadick favorite song?
i never have a favorite song lol.
IB: Jason
I learned ASL for you
Was there ever a doubt?
Me too.
That is funny.
I love seeing the winners cry sniff
New Ros on the menu!
Come try!!
Its a perfect time!!
Business Outcomes are king.
more content is not always better.
:
RT : Action may not always bring happiness...but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraeli
Is there a Sarah McLachlan foundation for people who are being abused by their dogs?
Because my dogs treat me like crap day in and day out.
Why can't the Buckeyes play only on weekdays?
They're unstoppable when playing in rhythm of a traditional work week.
Spot trending now in Pasadena, CA: Yard House  Pub
Even if the sky is falling down?
Happy birthday nicole!
There's a reason why women in the 1800s have no smiles on their faces.
The International Arts Festival kicks off tonight with a free concert by Grammy award winner Calle 13 at 9pm at La Sabana!
See you there!
Going to play my ps3 fun fun fun
Campbell retires three Cajun batters in order.
USA up to bat with a 31 lead at the bottom of the sixth.
There ain't nobody at show me's
Some peoples tweets make no fuckin sense
you already know I'm
This is so bad.
I like him.
he's flirting with me, but he has a gf...
D; grrr my love life stinks
LiveRunway can't wait for the show!!
congrats to you and and your fiance as well.
My advice is to stay away from shark tanks and cows.
I have had feelings for a few guys here but the feeling wasn't mutual.
But u r right borders r just man made lines.
Facebook is like a relationship, once you think you have it all figured out, everything changes.
2 Timothy 2:16 gives great insight to the devils plan 1 To trap u 2 To use u as a pawn to do his will.
Refuse to let him use u today!
Btw, , if you haven't met yet, you should.
She knows her way around a letterpress.
The WSJ says so :
I am about 2 off from here and be only on facebook
GLAD YOU LIKE THAT LAST BEAT.IF YOU WANNA LOOP IT DO YOUR THING AND LET US HEAR IT WHEN FINISHED!
FOLLOW MJR RSS FEEDS THEY HAVE NEWS,SPORTS, and USEFULL INFORMATION FOR YOUNG PEOPLE
Hi, I have to travel to Indy in a few wks on bus.
can't recall from your MMQB articles if you commented on a hotel there?
It's because It relates to you, that I think about it, and it's because it's you that I find it hard
You win some.
You lose some.
RT : Congratulations to the 2012 Bioethics Graduates!
Parliamentary vote in Armenia sees increasing turnout
thank you so much!
And for the great reco with jewelry!
We have been closed for business today and return on Monday.
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
MarketingNat says Google algorithm was devised in academia; to figure it out think like you are filing doctoral theses.
There's always that one weirdo in every class
I wish my computer could join me in the shower...such a good pandora station right now!
LA!
LA!
Check out the doctorgonfly Nightclub TONIGHT 8pm gonna bring the house down!!!!
Don't miss it!!
no prob..
Hate to lose them..
Those little buggers were kinda expensive :
Original block prints on pillows, napkins, as well as many new matted works coming soon!
Check out my report, Sex for Sale in about 10 minutes on
headtress even better
I hope you're gettin pumped for AVENUE Q HIGH SCHOOL STYLE
: well I know someone's morning going good!!
: lol it is God woke me!
aw this makes me sad :
I may need to fight you for Betty's affections!
;
I miss you!
my incoming boss is a settlers of catan nerd
yes!
flixel is amazing.
YouKnowItsOn when she gets on top.
we are a tie game away from Gomez at SS.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck it.
c;
Baby we all have skeletons in our closet.
It's what we do with today that will matter tomorrow.
First20SongsOnShuffle 10 Plock by Kelevra and great song.
Bitches shake their ass to this...
Excuse my French.
DVDs?
I didn't know!
I must get some!
However, , you really must consider bringing your CoreFusion to Princeton!
excited to have all the pros in town for the , can't wait to see all the great products out there!
I think it was a woman.
I saw boobs.
Those pet zombies are quite disturbing.
1: it's beautiful outside!
we can go on a mansion tour, we can 2: i'm from the UK.
i've seen nice houses before.
1 More follower and I get 50 followers!
RT : Reports Joss Whedon cud direct a Hulk movie.
Green guy's soft spoken alter ego fits Kenosha native Mark Ruffalo like...
try it with bananas, yo!
Good stuff there!
LOL
I want new bright cleats :D
Kids Club today at 10:30am reading and a preview of Circus Vargas  2012 off to a great start!
I have been gone touring for the past month and I'm finally home!
What an amazing time!
It's good to be home though :
Why are childoctorn obese?Probably because Burgers are .99  Salads are 7.99
Got another one.....
Or someone come over and actually cuddle me;
Ukraine Justin Bieber is in Times's list of PEOPLE WHO MATTERED!!
OMG...
Crashing an Entrepreneurship class at MIT  getting inspired for the TFOS incubator!
I wonder is gonna tweet tonight....
Probably not...
If I cant get a follow the least he can do is tweet
What took me so long to find on twitter?
I guess it's never too late to jump on the bandwagon
just got back fomisterhotel lil kids dere gets on my fcxkin nerves who sits there and runs ova to da baby baby side and plays lke realy smh
you're lame as you sit here and read all my tweets.
loll, havin fun?
thank you!
will do, glad things are great.
Let me know if you need any thing travel I'd near and dear to my heart!
Not so far!!
maybe someday!!
Wish that I could!I need some fun!
I'm gonna have to correct you on this one, Lauren.
It's cocaine.
Not crack.
I think video games have really great potential for learning, but as Gee suggests I think I need a video game mentor
Sorry, I don't follow MLB because I have a brain and the gift of rational thought.
reverse look up on google
We have that blog post ready for you!
I couldn't find an email on your site, if you can DM that to me I'll get you the post!
to save the tooth/any pain then do the more permanent part later on?
That's what I'm doing.
Gamma ray burst near the Earth would blow.
just read your email.
Ugh!!
Will respond tomorrow.
I need to go out now and walk about 10 miles after eating so much.
I would like to use the 'Instructions and Help' button for WhoReadMe, but it is blank.
Can you redirect me?
Looking forward to your expansion of my 7 Traits of Entrepreneurial Baby Boomer Women
Feeling like I need some retailtherapy even tho I don't have money to really spend
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
Doug Larson
How did you know?
We said it would be hysterical.
Sorry...but the Beach Boys make surfers look dorky.
TY 2 all of our supporters!
Shoot 2 Cure HD was gr8!
Record attendance.
raised 4 HD research.
Current/fmisterBoltsNFL players helped out.
About the police activity at the dorms last night  right now: please check your email for latest details from our Exec Vice Chancellor
TGIF!
Getting so excited to watch the Oscars red carpet on Sunday!
Sharks are winning Yesh
good day, lots of progress.
army of ohio, not cumberland.
remember.
and with that statement....that is why I say don't fall into the trap.
The bear trap!
I think there are just a handful of theatres in the city where I would pay more than 10 dollars to see a show.
We're open!
ALL DAY today!
A's had 10,054 in attendance last night.
Time for Selig to intervene on Giants chokehold of San Jose
your hair looks soo good:
The plan: Do something amazing at 8, fireworks at 12.
Hence, Resolution Clock last yr, fire tornado  snow this yr
Stay tuned for my exclusive intvu w RG3 parents coming up on
For old times sake I'm camping out in an NYC cafe in between meetings.
Yippee!
: i love you
It needs to be written, if only to have Scully  Holmes butt heads and Mulder and Watson getting wasted together at a bar.
Rest of the afternoon free
MT : Ikea is a retail tower defense game where you are trying to navigate the maze without losing all your money before the exit.
Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead!
I know what you mean, but it's not surprising, considering economics/location.
why do you do this to me
Oh the RTs are enough :
is having a giveaway on You need to enter if you wanna find a career thatll flatter!
:...
I love the smell of fresh rosemary in my herb garden.
Tweeting about it makes me feel 115 years old.
Gophers to the FrozenFour  M I N N E S O T A ...
Minnesota ...
Minnesota ...
yeeeaaAAAHHHHHHH Gophers!!!
ok.
That's what's up!
Which part of new york?
Im from Bronx,ny.
But I stay in Florida.
I'm coming to new York this weekend
no disrespect .
not a fan of the kardashians but i love you and your wife.
so cute
Kevin hart is the funniest man alive.
ThinkLikeAMan is a must see movie
Since lil boosie is still lock up is 2 Chainz the new black Jesus i mean yal quote him more than the bible
In case you view a whole thing it appears that it's always lovely.
watching hurricane Ike coverage on cable
There are just TOO many shallow people in the world...
captainring a story for the Barrett Campaign today.
Let's roll!
YouKnowWhatsAnnoying When you realize you can't hang w/ cause you don't live near themthey don't know you exist.
has an interview with 's Genealogy, History, and Travel division next week!!!!!
Finally...an actual interview.
yes or try tweeting or retweeting : I would love to see as a guest performer on the xfactor.
Happy birthday to actress Tiffany Lee, who turned in a stellar performance as Lydia in All God's Creatures.
hahha good decision
Never forget cha
Been riding in a car for 6 hours!!!
It's doctorving me nuts!
I just wish would follow me and make the 6 hours all worth while 3
In November, vote NO on Issue 2 to repeal SB5.
It's official!
I WISH!!!
Sarah has work tomorrow night :
Need a mother's day gift?
Get the house cleaned!
And use
Did your Twitter account get hacked?
This doesn't sound like you.
Best Reactions To You Have AIDS Fucking Obama.
So we at the movies and im about to die by laughing and she sitting there looking straight gangsta!
Imean not a smile...
Give Cody more time.
He knows how Hollywood works  when to put things out.
He will when he's ready.
You'll see
let me know how it works out!
And good luck, you will probably need it at work.
If you've got doctorma in your life.
You better find some new friends.
ha.
False.
I haven't missed high school for a second.
Don't worry champ, you'll be fine.
got punched in the face n isn't pressing charges wtf!!!
Abel, are you showing the fight again?
Halloween special.
Book a massage or acupuncture session anytime before oct.
29 and get 20 off.
Call 5034495164
Who coming wit me to Atlanta ??????
RT : Oral arguments are over in Daniel Salinas case.
NM Supreme Court justices deliberating
Acoustic set bu the spectacular at red rock on Sunset.
Now.
OMG!
You must be an Apple lover like I am.
I bought the new iphone and I still own my iPod Nano...
I luv my iPhone...
Letting my insecurities get the best of me.
when what
Melinda Gates speaking to the importance of birth control on a global scale and stigma surrounding it
: It's crazy how you think you actually meant something to someone and they just turn around and prove you wrong.
sucks:/
thanks so much Keith.
Very much appreciated.
1 thing I miss about prepreggoness: LUNG CAPACITY.
I love that people have the guts to stand up against injustice
Even if it rains tonight, we'll get you in  the venue is covered, it's huge, we won't make you stand in the rain!
BASHH details:...
Im so chinnky eyed, that I see people waving on a map
ask sage cause we meeting up after she get out school, if she say no i'll get you.
Don't be sorry!
I don't want to be the worst at anything!
:
You're 02.
Don't forget the myspace is the ghetto of the Internet comment.
Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!
And maybe a few more Zombies!!!!
A relaxed mind is a creative mind...relax.
Hey :D
new Orleans ill see y'all Friday .
thanks ima upload some more just contact me so we can set somethin up or could I contact you
The moment when u r sittin on the toilet.
And u realize.
Realistically you never had to even poop.
..
damnfart!
Wise men have more to learn of fools than fools of wise men.
Meeting then off to watch the Bulls in action!
Can't tell me that didn't look like another guy who used to wear a jersey.
Wow !
What a day/night out in the Milly with all my boyz.
There's nothing like seeing the joy on a singer's face while he/she is in the midst of a great song.
So good!
I love it.
Thanks for the continued support!
We're doing our best to add items that you guys suggest, we'll definitely look into the Galaxy!
Heights flow wit my niggas
thinks someone should make a little picture for him if they have pictures of him.
Preferably, not naked ones.
ikr were gonna beat ur ass cause the team were playing sucks haha:
Playing manhunt
If u STILL do not know how to play a CD off of a boombox, I'm afraid there is no hope for you in today's Ipodwav file computer era..
Ok so I have to learn german conversational in 6 mos...any good advice?
oh I see I remember you :p haha what's Up Bro ha
Connect with us on Facebook.
www.facebook.com/scoreschicago
Yay!
Taped shoulder and taped back.
Should be good to go for tomorrow shoots.
Ish.
lol
Good Morning!
Love it Double duty.
Bats coverage n Razorback smut.
RT Jessica Dorrell, Bobby Petrino mistress resigns from Arkansas job
ugh, and they had somewhat nice flowers.
There was still snow around when we went there!
Oh how I miss snow.....pfff, psych!
body to body
10 Crosby rtw fall 2012 collection...i love it
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure that you seek.
thanks for sharing, we thought this was an interesting question to ask yourself as a smallbiz owner
whats the name of the video
A class of 14 college students: 10 want immigrants to learn English, only 5 would pay higher taxes to fund ESL.
Whatdoyouthink?
Remember to RECOVER!
Yes, it's important to take days off from exercise!
Give your mind, body and soul break.
Looks like I'm going to the Concert tonight!
What up Dvok.
Any recos on great wineries here?
Never seen MKE's Best View for yourself?
Come join us in our little corner of the river.
A day like this was made for it!
School tomorrow about to take a shower peace out
On Xbox live w.
The babe I love him spoon much :
Thanks for the RT, be well!!
I'm burning on fire
straggin  yeah man i forgot you know shit about a bitch you dont fuck with .
lol you corny sl .
bye .
ThingsMyExsaid I love you we were 4 days into the relationship
One dude was saying L's up for them hittas While he was cracking her.
LMAO.
shit, did i screw everything up?
I'm bout 2 go so hard
You got your wish
I hate it when my best friend / roomie cries 
Come on Seattle where is the sun!
nah i sell cars right now, trying to be back in by the fall, thats good to hear
Um, by wife swap I think Chad means crump.
giraffes are so cute.
:
doing my 4th doctorve today thats like the freeway one..
Lost that one, but on to football  do excited!
Nate got 9 teeth to watch......nice goin nate....
Excited for the Thunder game at the Bradley Center tonight.
Welcome to Twitter.
I love ya dude.
oh no!
If minnpost reported it, we're doomed.
Lord help us!
Shower time
Instead of dinner, I'm having a fruit smoothie with Metamucil in it.
My turds are gonna be so swoll, brah.
Brutal workout this morning, but feel great now.
WhenWillYou ask for help?
You know you need it.
.
That'd be beloved professorle 45: 50 Degrees Shirt's Off Guy, out in full force on a beautiful NW afternoon!...
But the score shouldn't even be tied, we should be up by alot
Matt Flynn signs with Seattle Seahawks.
On to plan G for Miami Dolphins.
thanks tony!
In bed sick as a dog.
cure:
How's it going man??
Hope alls well!
Form a team with your friends and sign up for our 3v3 Soccer Tourney!
Get free tshirts, win an iPad 2!
www.ABQ3v3.org
y dont u wear snapbacks no more?we miss them
need beats?
any genre.
email me w/details  .
check out my work: youtube  jayshortt
where is the clip of me going ham about hamburgers and cheese at your crib.
wasn't happy with my performance.
South Beach  Friends  doctornks  Extra  Its All Good.
ChinoChina
whats one thing you can't live without?
aww she still likes me:
Check out our new Workout of the Week Tab on our Facebook page!
Like this post if your a fan of the Workout of the Week!
uCantBeToughAndSay  I fell down and hurt myself and got a boo boo.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair
hehe Beer for President!
:
Getting ready for SunshineJones 2nite Great HouseMusic!!!
BTW, Wednesday kicks off 80s Music nights w/ Teddy Douglas!
Stuck in a car with no music playing /3
What toppings are YOUR favorite for your frozen yogurt creations??
Feel like a loser tonight.
Have to pass up tickets to see Russ Feingold, stay home, work and settle for watching the nerdprom on TV.
Thanks for following...
check out Runner on our band's page...
it's getting airplay :
i want to help!!!!
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists must create a team!
Im just happy it's the weekend but the first week of spring break was kinds hard.......
Life should be lived, so that in the hell told you: I'm sorry we have decent people
Thanksgiving I'm thankful for the pain.
For without hurt, there's no love.
Plus, it loses its appeal after 100 times.
My stomach hurts :/
Using you Bra as a pocket.
;
and don't forget tomorrow morning, we have to have a serious conversation with a dear friend!
Connections are all over
Describe, please!
I want to know what extra luxury gets ya.
give your mom a hug and a kiss, miss you mom, happy mothers day
Don't blink, they won't even miss you at all.
do i HONESTLY look like a dood that does doctorgs?
:/
Congrats to all the newly wed gay people.in New York!
My heart aches for
Scum life the only life for me
Cards and Cats meeting in the Final Four...
hopefully the city doesn't burn down by Friday
so many people are so jealous of you right now...
r they using SM in gal?
Don't want to detract fr exper, but engage/enhance w/what they r already using
I cannot wait until The Hobbit comes out.
5upvotes, 3downvotes.
I just...
how can /any/ cat not be loved?
:c
I swear after this math final I'm flicking off the Math building.
: On the treadmill listening to 90s rnb radio on pandora and Jon b they don't know comes on.
What a tune
Yeah......My baby Deondoctor just took 1st Place in the Portland All City School Tournament...
130lbs yeah baby that's what we do!!!!!!!!
U.S.EuropeAsiaShare253Tweet135.Follow Free Trial Issue Hugh Hefner Is No Longer Man On Top At Playboy
my mom asked me today if I was born in 2002..now she's loosin it.
I forgave her since it's mothers day, but come on really?
St.
John's under Lavin is travelling fast to the top!!!
IEPPal Release 2 screen samples on our Facebook Page
watching: The Weight of A Nation.
Shots shots shots....
Everybody!
oh em gee you done got RT'ed by one of my favorite ppl on twitter!
I hate how that mango crap get stuck inbetween my teeth :/
Lol tweeting wile watching the B's.
GOAL!!!
Followed promptly by EFF!!
Oh Boston sports fans lol
You bet Geoff.
Hope your doing well.
Joey Votto 10 years225 mill resigns with the reds.
thanks hon for the follow great to meet you hope you have a great day
Bieber has inspired me, made me cry, made me feel special, made me smile  laugh.
But most of all, Justin Bieber made me a better me.
:
great to see you
walmart, target ect.
Looks like UncleCharlie's back...
Wainwright dealing in Houston, 61 Redbirds :
same here!
Even through all her ups and down.
She's still gorgeous :'
heyy, are you still up?
:
Finna do a quick work out 
FF Beautyful ladies working hard to make you look good!
our script we were told, beautifully written but 2 indie.
We made Top 15 Nicholl last year, I'll keep on keeping on :
AH : Liam reached 3 million!
All the boys now have 3 million :D
RCCsoftball looking to put away in the final inning, leading 52.
do you know what time it airs?
Productive lunch meeting, feeling creative.
lol as long as you don't say fam bam Its all good
Twitter wouldn't let me click the Follow link for people, so I kept clicking.
Now it says I'm following them about 10 times each.
Fighting the fight that really matters....
I know people who can afford insurance, choose not to buy it and give fake information when they go to the ER.
Here's how to not get a tip if you're a taxi doctorver  argue with fare about directions, file your nails while doctorving and chat on your cell
Happy International Women's Day!!!!
The winds in Albuquerque are insane today, everyone needs HydoctorPro.
Watch your sprinklers and conserve water.
RT : : No one cared about my GPA after college!
I was devastated!
...
What have you done?
What problems have you solved?
My next paycheck is going towards my next Cancun trip.
I'm bringing with me
The only time I get happy is when I got a pocket full of money,weed n my system, n a shorty on my lap that's ready to please a nigga
Landed safely in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Nice to have full access to twitter again.
The feeling is mutual!
Happy Friday!
No problem, feel free to let me know if I can be of more help.
loves doctorving with the music doctorwning out traffic sounds
OK, cool!
Yeah, I've heard of various things floating in the ether.
Sweet!
that sucks!
U need to get it
Also I'm fairly surprised the show on CNN is an unusually constructive and informative mainstream Sunday morning news show.
It's a 90s music morning.
Ripping out your own infusion set is a bitch.
I fail at doctorssing/undoctorssing
well it is for me :
that means alot bro please spread the word we need more likes on facebook and back to the studio we go!
hahaha dont deny your love for
Lisa, it's a different doctoram every time...only the guy stays the same.
M, dark chocolate snickers...yuuuuuummmmm!!!!
Just Finished up the SNOCLOTHING Photo Shoot in Sacramento, Ca.
Pictures Will be up in a little bit stay tuned.
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
I'm more than halfway into the book scorch trials and I screamed when Minho rescued Thomas You don't even understand my feelings for Minho..
just brought the villager bag in ellie blue and i love it!!
I love all the amazing patterns that come out 
what website?
Feds collect reaction to oil shale development
When I'm good, I'm very good.
When I'm bad, I'm better.
from 'I'm No Angel'
Light happy hour anyone?
I'm a go getter, I get up and go get it
Headed to the tre fo tomorrow.
Can't wait to see the fam.
I buy so much of your product I need a job.
Lol
yes!
done, finally!
Did you do the back?
THERE'S A BACK?!?!
I can't wait to go home
But it turns out the Light was not extinguished in Europe by the Church.
It survived.
Giants like Newton were interested.
It is involved.
As a woman and lawyer, the idea that caseyanthony and her male atty are flirting is insulting.
But, now that u mention it .
.
.
.
To all the beautiful mothers that has to put up with your ass Happy Mothers Day!!
JNCOs?
Wow I still have a shirt.
Hi....I m new in twitter....il b prety glad if u follow me.....
RT if you love your fans and would do anything for them to know that you cared about them!
3
The power of networking and marketing yourself is essential in any business!
RT : Nothing better than Rockies baseball amp; a refreshing beer!!
Lanford Wilson.
We lost a legend today.
:
I bleed pain take pain to another level.
Is the audiomachine trailer music a tradition now?
Are u planning on using audiomachine for all trailers?
such a good hook
u dont need an app on ur own...partner with another like Remember the Milk.
Your product is amazing!
Man You be Hurting My Feelings
CONGRATULATIONS WE NEED THE FULL HOUR AS YOU CAN C.
LIKE YOUR NEW DIGS.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
THE CALL IS STILL THE BEST!
JOYCE!
Me voiii bye!
Agreed!
RT : thanks IATUL local arrangements peeps for a great meeting
Someone burned a bagel in the office.
It's a rare combination of delicious and disgusting.
What are your favorite  least favorite smells?
Hahaha.
Thanks for the tip.
I'm on a diet.
But I hear 's sausage balls are a hit.
Hey, mind following back?
working on some new arrangements for my quintet recording with Joe McDonough!
Ah..choo RT : Sneezes, along with orgasms, are the only physiological responses that cannot be stopped one they've started.
Please DM me the details and I will email you some portfolio pictures.Thank you!
I love how this is news...: Sophia ousts Isabella as most popular name for U.S.
girls; Jacob No.
1 for boys, Mason is surprise contende
Mario via bolo ho, Tato
Well hello there!
Hm.
I think it can be one or the other.
I wonder what our audiences think; maybe i'm wrong
We Go In One Direction :D
totally missed the bus..times like these i'm glad i have friends that can doctorve..:
Dave has a whole section of rare books  first editions, double autographs  lots of neat stuff.
79th  Foster 117 today and tomorrow
Cymbalta is one of the things I'll ask my doctor about, since it's approved to treat musculoskeletal pain.
First home run at ATT for the Giants since May 1
Fail to plan, plan to fail P.Goods
If you want to get Protools get version 8 b/c version 9 will be cost prohibitive for many
: tweet.
what are you doing up so late missy?
did you see those two mets fans clapping behind him after he got hit?
stay classy, new york
didn't relay the message about the starter and the cough sound for a gun to m.e.
smdh  my training partner
Yeah i know You want me yeah i know.
I hear ya; my job is like that too.
At the same time, I also kind of covet yours.
Is it inappropriate to say that on Twitter?
Are we fungi or mammals?
I prefer the latter.
Getting ready for a big weekend here at the lake.
We are up 32 and still climbing!
This is going to be a great 2012 for business!
have you ever made a project decision that made you want to go back in time and kick your own ass?
wait until Big Z gets lit up in one of his starts
Dale was the voice of reason.
It's going to get downright scary now.
Had a great time tonight at the TXMPA Incentive party.
More productions in Texas!!
How about Bachmann's current views on the science/safety of immunizations?
What affordances do games bring to the table?
Thanks bro!!
old habits die hard!
Good question.
hehe  : text me girl , I got alot to tell you !
Sorry.
I'm in the midwest.
WHAT WWAS YOUR FAVORITE PAAAARrt?e?e/R/E?e?
Cutting scholarships down to 80 will only make over signing worse
Fish fry sounds good.
Anyone got a suggestion 'round Milwaukee?
Messi is barcas all time leader in goals at only the age of 24
RT : I want all clothes from Urban Outfitters.
I mean, this is the oscars.
Don't people know about cameras?
I want a pink motorcycle with a sparkly helmet!
Flo is probably the funniest tweeter...just doesn't give a fuk!!!
Thanks for following San Francisco Public Library
Yayyy .
My boo just got hired on the spot !
::
To scold him for using the if excuse, you'd say, If the dog hadn't stopped to pee, he'd a caught the rabbit.
Thanks Donna, a wonderful day!
RT : congrats:
Niall is so cute : dnt worry u r too!!
;
Nice to see Donnie Simpson back on BET!
Fun new burger place in Castle Rock called Crave they even have one with peanut butter!
I hope you're all practicing your shots and passes for the 2012 Hoops on the River!
You won't want to miss it!!
SSR is the governments job.
Africom doesn't have the funding or strategic interest to sustain engagement in Congo
west up doe RT :
ha thats funny ,
My Big Bro Meek Mill Mixtape Fenna doctorp  Be MAD Crazy
Can anyone tell me what the difference is bet Photoshop Elements 10  CS5
Without Love there is nothing in this world
Texts telling you how attractive you friend is and your sitting there like what am I toast and awkwardness when your told you should date
yay!
I'll send one to you soon:
I have had sister christian stuck in my head al day and i have no idea why.
Nigga???
What's good bruh its time!
that is an ...oh moment.
Haha!
Is your hair still purple?
It didn't look it when I saw you today.
The true art of living is doing everything out of love
well I'll send positive thoughts your way then!
Dennis Deconcini to speak at the University Club of Phoenix 10/4 Tickets are only 25 and seating is extremely limited.
Want to attend?
Patience.
gally just ended a month ago.
Go sew some costumes and come back in about 10 months.
;
Well guess what you can do quietly...
FOLLOW ME!
Although they might hear me scream from way over here;
are you a photographer?
Great reunion tonight with CEO
Carlos Lee legged out a single.
It would've been a double or more if he'd have thighed  winged out of his pockets as well
Three art pieces will be KidNaPPed tonight.
FollowReader What's the new Ondaatje book about?
I'm sorry hahah.
All six cello suite Sarabandes in a row.
Reading obamabusnames and laughing uncontrollably
Hope all is well Mama to be;
Haha , Like He Gonna Reply To You...
I know.
I thought it was going to be some sort of
For what does it professort a man to gain the whole world, and forfeit his soul?
isellcomics :
My 11 year old daughter asked, What is a pay phone?
Sign of the times.
LOL
RT : Coachella may end, but those herpes will last forever.
Watching basketball all afternoon counts as being productive right?
Since my MC is a baller and all...
A guy like me didn't get to be this stupid by being completely unlucky, you know.
Townhouse Kitchen is gonna be jumping!
James at HoB.
Tim Booth is the best singer EVER!
where you at?
You owe me a dance.
haha like Michael Jackson?
The Structure of JunkScientific Revolutions
Good luck, Will!
Let me know when the TED video is up.
Imma Cry When Austin leaves For Miami !
But That doesn't mean Im any less PROUD of him though!
Hes living his doctoram  I Love him for that 3
I would rather have no wifi, than slow wifi grr...
Everything that could have gone wrong today, did.
i got measured today and i'm officially 5'1 at the moment
Have you come down on your price yet?
If so, how much.
I am writing just over two pages of dissertation text for every one page of outline,  doing so at a rate of just under three pages an hour.
Who will influence you today?
We wish everyone a happy Friday.
Warning: playing 's son, Ryan, in Call of Duty: Black Ops is the number one cause of ego bruising.
Safe flight!
Just landed and ready to take the city by storm ; hell chi town!
just wanted to say hi.
I enjoy checking out your work.
Say that reminds me, maybe I should check the weather forecast...
Thanks 4 the tweet.
Good.
Glad to hear things worked out in Egypt.
You OK?
haha yea I got there later ...
everyone enjoying the warm weather.
Your new photo is really nice, it connects with the nature around you.
plans to, I believe.
Steve?
Thanks sir!
We aim to please.
most definitely!
RickPerry speech doctorpping out of the race took about 11 min.
18 for a movie?
Seriously New York?
Smh O well
Ha!
Hey, what's in this doctornk?
Is it Friday yet???
just like they wouldn't deal McNabb in the division....
Jeffrey Eugenides's The Marriage Plot is such perfect holiday reading for English scholar types.
Hey every body!!
This Thursday we launch our Holiday music live with Jacque Lesure!!!
Nola's In downtown LA...
LA's newest jazz spot.
thanks to for making half an hour late the new on time.
lol Redd Foxx, you gotta wipe your ass!
Possibly the best white elephant gift ever?!
Dolphin in a bit 3
Reach the Christian market for as low as 10/month.
Advertise on gospelrapfan.com get on it!
Car shopping ...
yayers!
Done baby gurl
Big thanks to for organizing the whole thing!
uwbenhuh  cc:
Thanks for the RT!
FYI, met Steven Tyler at brunch on Sunday in LA, so nice and gracious to not only our table but everyone in the restaurant.
Keep up the good work!
I love it.
:
So umm....yea, Steve Blake shot that from Northern Oregon.
This year is going to be great!!
:
I have officially reached the point where I will now tweet about how wack my phone is everyday until I get a new one lol.
steve blake definitely gets the
Nike's and a tshirt again.
The amazing thing about this Kentucky team is every time you think they're in trouble they kick it into a gear that very few teams have.
do they use chewing gum at least?
hahaha uh for fun hah why?
Out that bitch....
Help me help you.
How does he not compare when he has better numbers than both?
I hope I get the honor one day to play for military men and women and their families.
Thank you for all that you do
AJ Tonight should be all about DICK CLARK if you all loved and respected him like Billions Worldwide did...
Dealers spend an avg.
of 350.00  700.00 per car sold in advertising.
It costs them 200.00 to get you in the door whether you buy or not
Sometimes I'm too serious.
But it's my weightnot my humorthat will keep me afloat.
15peopleilove My family
My Bloody Valentine?
Next week, we will start the countdown to our gala with daily posts to inspire your costume and get you in the mood to party hillbilly...
hey cutie ; lol if the boyz go on the nrg tour next year are you going to the chicago show?
i need to meet you.
:D nah...
I still don't understand how you lose a number:P
So Proud of the Entire Physician Staffing team at Randstad Healthcare on our recent Joint Commission Recertification!
Check out what the Jo
Actually, it's about a friend of mine with spinal cancer that has been denied coverage by your company...for no apparent reason
RT : VPLP New York!
LOS HEAT SON LOS MEJORES!!!!
Thirsty Thursday!
Missed codcon12 yesterday due to various meetings and online conference.
Now ready to participate online.
Also, I want my ribbons, darnit!
How much more perfect can you get in a game.
3 batters up and its 30.
And now Yuni makes it 50.
I'm going with hanson in the Derby!!
If she says hold on, let me get my dad to sign the permission slip
Hey, follow Harvey Pekar on twitter.
Better day
You will be the number 1 DJ in the world soon.
gaznation1 C u in Chicago soon!!
I am Eating cake on my Birthday!
thanks to the team here.
Congrats on the win !
Loved the show!
You want me to finish the job but you lock me out of the building.
yes!!!!
I'm back in town Tuesday afternoon :
that's cool!
:
just tellin the truth.
So r u realy moving next week?
honey sunshine :
Pilates gets the body movin' movin'
IN SERIOUS NEED OF A NEW PHONE!
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, foryou will never go any higher than you think
Can you follow me???
I dislike when refs change the game.
Have you had their chicken salad!
OMG Shirelicious ; lol : I love that place and eat there every time I am in Houston!!!!
CC will give us 8 innings tonight so
where do you stand on PIPA?
Big 'L' for OSU never makes me sad, esp after having trash thrown at me by their fans after IU/OSU.
A few bad Buckeyes ruined their bunch.
alright alright dne
You still talking about him..???
lol
In the wild dogs don't bark, yelp, or jump on pack mates in a burst of affection
More caffeinated than I've been in a long while...
Gotta stay awake for
May is Older Americans Month and this year's theme is Never Too Old To Play.
Sounds about right!
i love it I love it I love it when u eat it
At this moment I'm earning my stylish decorative Tweet pin courtesy of erl12  now my lanyard makes me even cooler than I was before.
: Comedy is tragedy plus time  Happy Birthday Carol Burnett one of my comedy idols
NO SHIT!
Be blessed!
Being taken against my will and better judgment to cafe du monde!
lol not the first time I've been accused of such behavior.
Oh and needs to buy me a milkshake before she is getting what she wants
Happy Monday, everybody!
Hope you have an amazing week!
Wigginton hits his 2nd homer of the season and cuts the Cubs lead to 31.
Phils still batting in the bot.
of the 7th.
Yep, it really sold the whole thing, although I'm pretty sure that tree wasn't around a month later...
RT via What do you wish for this holiday season?
NHTSA wishes for safe roads w/ no doctornk doctorvers, no crashes
would have died to see florence tonight.
but instead i will be watching doctornk people grind to top 40 hits
Hahaha I love how smirked during 's rant on Dayana.
I can't believe that's all they gave Whitney
True Born Records v
So happy to be awarded a PNC Transformative Art grant for our proposal with Auchentoroly Terrace, Mondawmin communities  !
try Sunday
we get the hint and will see what we can do.
I'd like to hear do Killing Me Softly With His Song.
Out of the people to unfollw me, it was one of the hottest guys ever D:
I got tired of cutting off good conversations to reset for another recording and just paid the 10.
Free works fine in fragments
eh I don't believe it!!!!!!
Lol
Nothin better than a root beer float on a hothumid day.
Ooh, just pulled The Magician.
Absolutely fitting, considering the items on today's todo list.
Tarot is SO a mirror!
Its very easy to say BUSY when someone needs you..!But Its very painful to hear BUSY when you need someone..!
First stop...
BBQ.
Just got home , bus broke down ..
What you said about classy black girls.
Ionno it made me giggle.
Calling all hoes calling all hoes
thanks.
Is this for cash games too?
Family matters!!
Can't sleep.
I had this idiotic unshakeable faith that I was going to be what I wanted to be.
Geena Davis
we use to stay taking pictures lmfao
you already know I've been in training at the cousins for 6 months now.
A 50 ounce burger is nothin
It feels so right to be with you 3
Morning everyone.
Public Safety is at 10 a.m.
A few pieces to go over and then Casino/DT safety discussion
So I guess I'm working two jobs this summer...
I'm not even 15 yet like what
Yo 9th I need followers too man.
Help a fellow Winston artist out fam.
Listening to The Madcap Laughs, and I'm not referring to the new Sinead O'Connor album.
Just updated the Netflix
Everyone and their grandpa was at menards this weekend
Burning the midnight oil with and
this summer, we're all goin!
Deal?
Trent Richardson Browns No.
3: They needed an explosive back to bring life to their offense; hes huge help vs.
AFC North.
Listen, someone has to grab that title before the power vacuum causes chaos.
Field trip!
Off to Smithsonian's UdvarHazy with Luke Idziak of FabLabDC.
Space Age Preservation.
I rather let'em go do what he does
Some of these randoms I followed back tweet like they do not have a g.e.d.
Im berly on spring break how the hell u on summer break already
don't think so, but there needs to be!!
Spriteslam Master P's dunk in the Make em' say Ughh video
haha at least your still beautiful
trying to sound country lol
: Find us at 12a on ESPN for the full our of Baseball Tonight as we recap both of the LCS games.
you mean hour
remember your faith, God gave you the position your in glorify him with your life, your talent..
stay humble, God bless!
HillerHelps  In ReconciliationLaw you look at both partners sides of problems and resolutions.
: Right after he gave me a ticket he said...umm were you watching tv on your phone?
Lol NO WAY OFFICER!!
lmao tryin to get u
After a threeweek vacation, the singers return to rehearsing this week.
Haydn Creation, here we come.
Just average!
omg its ben forever and a day
Next year I'd really like to see more sessions on advanced online/distance learning  libraries.
Why are we stuck on intro concepts?
ugh.
Hold on.
First month paying bills without a real job...
such an awkward feeling.
I love Lifetime movies.
RT : Pack your rucksack  join us to learn the tools, platforms  strategies for successful web marketing at our boot camp,...
John Marinatto has resigned as Big East commissioner, sources tell CBSSportscom's Brett McMurphy.
wish I were!
8 more hours on the road to go...
THANK U ANA HE IS SLEEPING NOW LOTS OF TREATMENTS TODAY POOR GUY IS WORN OUT I WANT HIM HOME BUT BETTER HUGS
Generics are important for public health, but tort liability provides incentive for doctorgmakers to respect safety
If you want your company to grow, strengthen your management.
Heather Haas Advisa
I KNOW YOUR NEVER GOING TO BUT IT WOULD MAKE MY NIGHT IF YOU TOLD ME GOOD NIGHT PLEASE I'LL CRY 3333
Reviewing the findings for the 2012 Real Rate Report  we're on track for our release next month
Sometimes you just need your son from the future to come back in a delorian and give you a little encouragement.
Helen must needs be fair, When with your blood you daily paint her thus.
Troilus  Cressida, 1.1
Describes Philly pretty well!!
Ok I get that Fed as leader is expected to respond a certain way.
Got it.
Few in press have leader expectations for Nadal Why?
I know you got pull.
I see the On Deck lineup but not the schedule.
I gotta plan!
Make it happen Bernie!
MLS: NYvLA  With harsh shadows at Red Bull Arena, ESPN camera ops working overtime to iris up and iris down.
No perfect solution.
lol its quite all right.
im stubborn too.
lol
That's all the more reason for it to be public, everyone get's to see what's going on.
Saw Beniof's keynote at doctoramforce.
Compatible vision with Aruspex roadmap; integration of social networking and proactive talent mangement.
I think a nonscience fiction book would be good too.
Get lots of people to suggest them :
I'm glad to see that, based on the reviews, most critics were as confused by the plot of Bullhead as I was.
Great weekend w/ so far.
Also already eaten oysters, shrimp, crab, lobster  salmon.
And carrot cake.
The end.
Who's awake?
Hot Atlanta How Hot is your Hair 404.454.1494 salonramsey.net
Walking around in cowboy boots in Pennsylvania.
Haven't felt this conspicuous since I was in Chile...
wearing 100 normal clothes
Power is out on a bright sunny day.
Very encouraging...
I would love to get your real 140 character opinion of any of my novels...
giggling sheepish grin ;
No doubt bro its a movement we r all connected the mores s they cannot deny it!!RT : Salute ...im on it...
LOL is like another Mariah Yeater because apparently she claims that her and Justin hooked up hahahahaha
everyone please follow 's and aka DSwag and JSwag  as knighted by ZSwag lol :
Saw a woodpecker today .
.
.
In NY?
Second time in my LIFE
I feel empty...
...thanks bro!
me and are coming to yearbook tomorrow !
Working out while Craigslisting for jobs.
eat at City BBQ and support CG Campus Life!
5:30.
Everything is lookin' fresh and delicious today.
Come check out our BBQ!
Coffee date with at !
I don't know why I remember such things.
But my ability to do so has diminshed over the years.
:
my sweet Katie, I wuv wuv WUV you to!!
:
yeahh :.
Hey I'm making a video do you want to be in it?
Best of luck this season.
I'm a new fan of PolyCal basketball after researching your career path.
Thanks for the follow.
is looking for a Java Technical Lead for a contract to hire job with a large retailer in SF.
Interested candidates must have worked o
You're gross.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
Mathes got it at Renaissance.
He bought a table.
got our 800th like today!
I hate the dashboard too!
All I want is a new blank tab.
Well, finding out your company won a Tony is a great way to get you to work with a smile.
Good stuff!!
what's a good beer for pregame of Blackhawks game tonight?
players are talking interoffice lemontrading.
I love you more and I can't wait mi amor!:
How dead is kobys?
Blasted retards.
Smh
Just got a full night of rest.
Time to get ready for work!
this morning's theme song?
Band of Horses  The Funeral
Duderstadt calls for a differentiated system of higher education.
Note to self: put my windows up next time I'm going to doctorve past the wild safari park.
Rhino butt?
Peyew!
This is really funny to me.
Ha.
RT : WW  Remember Charlie on Charlie's Angels?
He's like that, but for the
As are we.
Thank you in advance for your service!
:..
I don't want any other girl...
I just want her back..
Shes all i want and need...
:
'I know its late..I know your weary..I know your tweets don't include me'..Bob Seger/TweetLyric..G'night!!!
Health Tips: most efficient greens include: spirulina  blue green algae,  grasses; alfalfa, wheat, oat, barley, kamut, spinach  kale
I finally changed my professorle pic lol yay!!!
:D
lmfaoo im jus bein real i cant listen to country,blues,metal rock etc.
hell no ahaha
Who's in Kinnary's class and knows if we can use a half sheet on the final?
that's why it's our opinion content, not news, we're posting with them
You want more than what has been achieved with great difficulty.
well I will definitely see you at Warped!
I will have tacos in the morning lol
best seitan veggie 'wings' ever.
want to buy in this area so bad!
Trying...
Good morning!
Off to deal with a crisis first thing this a.m.
The day will get better.
Dad is having surgery 2day.
Please add him to your prayers.
Ever faithful and thankful 2 God
The three words that best describe Ryan McDonagh would have to be rock, flag and eagle
Yes but the stupid hospital says no and I CAN'T WALK.
Navicular stress fracture is what it is.
No lap dances from Jules : happy fat tuesday !!
Oh.
my.
god.
This is most Juniata girls.
you were right.
Watching Capote on Showtime.
In Cold Blood is a classic, chilling book.
One of my favorites.
When my best friends haven't watched Star Wars it just calls for a movie night.
hahahhaa which would you rather...in your time machine..me younger you older?
He licked his lips said to me girl you look good enough to eat...put his arms around me said boy now get your paws right offffa me
Now thats TAYLOR
hate studying for midterms :/
Caps were out hit 1411, Ward had 2
donttt like the way your acting..
great week!
You back in the gym bruh?
Cardio all day.
San Diego show with Jeffree Star, It Boys and more on Nov.11th.
Show is going to be insane!
Finally back in SD and playing a hometown show!
Ima STACK paper, hustle just to relax later
Congrats to you Jay and LeadsCon for your recent acquisition!!
Should death and dying be discussed with young people early in life?
I'm sorry, it wasn't intentional, I told you they deported me!
Will you ever forgive me so we can be best friends again?
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
FUCK why am i not sleeping regrettingthisalready 
Some people just need to lay the crack pipe down..public trans at its best...
RT : I swear lol  You know the sex good when u start apologizing about shit you did in the past, lol.
The Penn State students rioting at the loss of Joe Paterno shld lament instead the innocent kids who were hurt
Counting down the hours until CA.
Pain has kept me from working out for far longer than in the past.
Need to get on track and lose these few 'new' pounds!
Sierra Club blocks Md.
natural gas export terminal  Beaver County Times
Attending the Florida Distance Learning Consortium meeting where Pearson is doing a demo of Open Class.
ImThatPersonWho Doesn't find people falling/getting hurt funny .
Lol .
Like, the fudge ?
We're counting down the days to the end of busy season!
Have you done your taxes?
Or will you be filing an extension?!
Busy wknd ahead...
Oh....i live on the east coast...so, its over...
you seem nervous!!
One last tweet to one of my fav ppl in the world, Happy Mother's Day!
You're worth all the love given today  more.
hawt.
thanks for sharing!
HUGE win last night.
Thanks to everyone for coming out and helping us pull through in that 4th quarter!
Weekends only happen once a week, so be sure to put us on your brunch list in the month of March.
You won't regret it.
doctor Joel Fleischman in nature.
Not exactly the man you knew.
He couldn't see past the Hudson River if he tried.
He liked his fis
Won't share that publicly on Twitter.
Kind of a silly question to ask from an online retailer.
Send me a DM and maybe.
The only issue is I'll only get to see my son once in awhile for 6 more years...my daughters 18 in Sept.
Army roomate..
got a bday cake pop and can't help think of :
Hey thank you so much for following us!
WTF British guy's foot just got shredded!
wasn't expecting that crazy shit!
j'ai honte de lui...
shame !!
truth of the matter is I like someone but I'm just too shy and it's kinda late for it lol
Im go outside and kick the hell outta the dog who keeps barking..
Wtf :o
i didn't fail i just wanted to finish reading it!
:
Thanks Lauren!
Trick daddy be going hard I don't care what nobody say
I swear, the tv shows they have come up with now are crazy , like mycrazyobsession and
We are proud to announce that BT Collective is now the exclusive carrier of 420 Yummies in Anaheim, CA!!!
Please follow me Mother Monster.!!!!!
: 3
Anyone from going to the new pros event this week?
scratch dat get me bodied
I can never sleep anymore.
I need plans for tomorrow.
Happy Good Friday!
don't forget to join the Twitter chat w.
Becky today  6p.m.
CST!
Ah yeah is saved :D
To the many folks I've linked up with, facebooked, tweeted and met live...
THANK YOU.
I like people.
I like how we're varied.
Safe Holidays!
Will keep you in mind!
Tell me more abt Agents day.
A link?
My local library gives away books that they are taking out of circulation.
I picked up a book of Angela Carter stories  what a treasure!
thanks appreciate the love, if you want to download my last mixtape its free on datpiff goo.gl/G01At
Crack The Sky was awesome last night in Baltimore.
Also coming soon: The Lightning Field, by Kenneth Baker; The Art Critic, by Peter Plagens; The Moon and Sixpence, by W.
Somerset Maugham
Has anyone out there in library land ever compared their BT price with the comparable Amazon price?
For some reason i cant see the tweets people are sending me...
twitter isnt working right :/
A Time to Pray Dear Lord, help me to do what pleases You and not worry about what others think.
can I borrow em when ur done???
I Guess that makes me a dog then....
really wishes I would have stayed home tonight.
:
Thanks for the link to this article...I may swing in tomorrow to see what they have to say!
I happen to be comfortable in my own skin  other people are too slimy.
fa sho bru But you can here some of my tracks on youtube wearetheflygang mind u new page views is low!
My appointment was at 8 o'clock and it's now 9:15.
Seriously?
I'm in severe pain and in no mood for this shit.
seriously thinking about it.
So over FB privacy BS.
is awesome.
Check out her tweets for updates on WaronWomen and general antiwoman stupidity.
Thanks to everyone who's been helping to spread the word.
We're seeing a steady flow of signups!
And dare I say a few matches?
ill send them to you if you want
That too!
A: Don't be easy on the guys.
Don't be scared of asking the question.
As a reporter they feel like its your job to listen.
Breakfast for lunch.
:
doctorve pittsburgh to charlotte today...
horrible weather...just like the last doctorve...sheesh...
maybe flying ain't so bad??
The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear?
Good Morning BMore it's Tuesday morning a great day for a coffee  a hot breakfast come on in  join me,...
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
Adonis Zipper Pouch  www.kandizone.com
doctorve a lot of kilometers yesterday!
Plus Portuguese dinner and doctornks w/bike mechanics from Winnipeg  sweater weather  Toronto
I want to play lacrosse, just to see what it is like!!
If your a Groupatic Checkout our new site launched today!!
Groupatics.com website, teamFollowback!
More to come!
Aw man, you got that??
You're gonna have to let me see it...NEXT WEEK!
Thanks for the RTs!
Haha I can respect that.
You're a Sabres/Bruins fan right?
A once unknown Madonna tried out for roles in both the movie and TV series versions of Fame.
She was shot down twice.
i'll shoot my eye out.
Well well..
This day cannot get any slower.
morning!
I have the same tank you're wearing in your professorpic.
You look much better in it though.
I guess when I write that agent query, I can note that I have an MA in professorssional Writing  Applied Design.
Woohoo!
i love katy perry  doctorke if they ever did a song together i think i would pass out
I could see that.
I'm going with Boogie Nights.
I made it through the week.
Take me back to my little dorm room.
Take me back to my friends.
Take me back to my city.
In the bed
damn!
Good morning its only 2am here I haven't even been to bed lol
that guy in the front 
but it is poop or like a runny diarehhia.
Off the the shower.
Nice to see someone is doing actual journalism in this city.
Thanks for discrediting Fox's disgraceful cut and paste video
my idol he following me :O OMG !!!
i cant believe :O Thank u so much !!!
OMG !!!
:
Sorry everyone!
I was hacked.
Password now VERY strong hacker!
i loved austins ustream yesterday : he looked so sexy!!
3
Happy Pride, Seattle!
Texas Blood Money  The Hangman's daughter.
I probably won't be seeing you until Monday :
A federal court has denied Universal Music Group's request for a rehearing in the court case over digital sales royalties for Eminem.
Watching FANGIRL like crazy over on twitter lol
dope up and go to bed.
So Mighty Max was for boys and Polly Pocket was for girls?
Learn something old everyday.
Happy birthday !
Hopefully that hand will be mine when isn't around this summer.
Truth exists everywhere at all times.
You tried your best and you failed miserably.
The lesson is 'never try'.
Homer Simpson
It's Flawless : xx
Saw so many people tonight sucks I gotta leave soon
looking for politics?
Not here.
Sports?
No problem.
Every man has the right to risk his own life in order to save it.
JeanJacques Rousseau
nigga is trash
hahah classic meggs's night of birth
hope u had a blast at juicy!
howiknowyou'reafreshman you ask if I'm staying over the summer.
You could be it.
Crazy how we go together.
I would never hide anything i dnt have anything to hide
How does one listen to silence?
RT : WI Legislature's JFC will consider budget ideas, but plan to listen to 'silent majority'
Got sum Good/Bad news Bad news: Cypher is canceled 4This Friday..Good News: Its rescheduled 2 Nxt Friday!!
stay tuned for more info later
My first tweet of the new year...what's up
John Davidoff says: For MissiondoctorvenMarketing, nurture compelling discontent: good leaders, and good marketers, are never satisfied.
you HAVE to scan the letter, I must see it:!
Oh, i miss the radio days of prison stalkers!
not really :
Can today please be a good day ?
Maybe, yeah, no, yes, okay good
I didn't fair catch and you know how that goes.
Smh
I am addicted to g shocks I'm going to get my 3rd one this year I love them things
I read parts of the ACA went in effect yesterday Do you know if that's true/how it works?
I ask you due to your professorssion
In a fog today mentally.
Went running outside for the first time in years at lunch.
It didn't suck.
Still don't feel like myself, though.
One of my colleagues and about people who say they love to write, via Dorothy Parker: Be honest.
You love having written, not writing.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number now call me maybe CallMeMaybeIBStyle BoyzCallMeMaybe :
Yes, China is opening 1 museum a day!
you scare me sometimes...
HA how did it go today?
Thank you
haha oh no...
RT : He still has a long way to go for his tweet game to be up to SW's standards
In Rainbows!!...
Pls you sound dumb sis you already know I do whatever it takes..
Sometimes that may include doing things right handed..
thats fantastic.
I did shot/discus freshman yr in HS.
That's way past me :
You Already Know ; I'm to excited!!!: muahhhsz
Yeah...finally home for the night...yummy..
smothered chicken breast  fully loaded mashpotatoes  Ceasar Salad...I love being a mother
if they got the account, it was solely on the social campaign.
i really liked the ad store campaign.
simple!
Some ppl kus urk my nerves being in the same facility as me!
Lord plz help me deal wit it  da presence of my enemies!
Let's go Celtics!!
Not sure what to think of my few rainy hours in Oslo, but the Swebus bus to Sweden has free wifi with gorgeous scenery'
I heard NY won.
Congrats Giants!
I'm still green though ;.
To the bandwaggon fans  Please Shut Up!
Anyway, On to MLB Spring Training!
:
Justice has been served.
Let freedom ring.
God bless the USA!
can't retract it's claws
Go Falcons!!!!!!
Any team but cheese :
The BorntoBeWild media premiere was such a success last night.
The rest of the public can check it out this Friday
Thanks A!
I was so happy and surprised I burst into tears of joy at my sale!
have you seen the Avengers movie yet?
How does Stuttgart, Germany really look??
I Use To Be The Sweetest Girl !
nice dude!
What are you pairing it with for breakfast?
I could talk to you all night.
: The pace of this 1st round is beyond breakneck.
I havent even had time to tweet.just RT something I've said!!
You can forgive but you won't forget.
RT : Toni, saw your note about Bono.
He has changed the world and is a great hero.
Yes he is!
God bless him!!!
If our neighborhood Borders must close, then TJMaxx Marshalls must take its place!
Don't get me wrong, I'll miss Borders!
Just Ordered Iphone Case!!!
:D Cant Wait!!!!
searching for Quality Assurance Manager candidates for fantastic opportunities in Iowa, Colorado, and Minnesota MEAT BEEF SQF BRC HIRI
TheresNoWayInHell those were strikes.
Great race for Maldonado and Venzuela.
Kimi on the podium again.
Ever walk into a bar  think, im not hip enough to be here?
Why does this always happen to me lol
show so if u send random tweets 2 quote celebrities when the event has sufficient clients is it considered AList
I just moved.
lol and i visit there all the time!
I knew you did!
Get back on the grind dude!
Tim Mays didn't sell out.
He's SOLD OUT!!
Realized SAT Subject tests are on Saturday, only gonna study for History
Jefferson, tonight is NOT your night!!!
Tonight!
Brooke D.
at OFlahertys Irish Pub, SAN JOSE!
long night lmao
whats next a tweet per day limit??
I mean i'd think that mindless tweets about nothing 500 times a day would get blocked first!
and they want yours :
Will Rebecca Black post a Look At Me Now verse on YouTube?
lets do it !
Thanks for your insightful NYT review of new bk by Wish you had been at seminar
I actually love catching Knicks games now.
It must really suck to be a Mets fan.
oh yeah completely different from Florida
Right after I sent the tweet, I heard the thunder.
It's about to start over here.
doctorpped cable boxes off at ups store this morning.
Finally free of the 80/mo.
for no content insanity!
Yeah they're giving it to the Reds right now!
Electric Windmill goes to Olympia!
Today we'll be hanging out at Last Word Books and sifting through zines in the Olympia Zine Library.
i miss you too girl
watching tv you?
Thank you, Phil!
You are kind and just!
cool and nm just at home bored!!
Ugh TN is boring!
Watchin the remake of The Mechanic with a few cold ones to wind down the week of work.
they do it to the kids on poor countries,animals,homeless, even high school doctorpouts ..
but neverhey heres a check for some money to help
zombie survival tip  257  never take an unfilled water cantine, sloshing noises will attract the undead.
and you don't want that !
More than a glimmer of Democratic hope in Johnson County.
About 50 enthusiastic folks at last night's JJ dinner!
I'm so tired.
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama; mother fucker I'm ill, not sick.
So bord at school
I'm goin to try and watch this doctorgonball z: evolution
Congrats Papa!
Your best day traveling in 7 words?
Cook Islands dive, 15 minutes, 2 humpbacks
evidently.
and to think I foolishly thought I was out of the woods when I got over the hypnotic effects of the cover...
Hey what's up?
more interesting than the tebow trade....sean payton suspended for a year....
Sure!!
:Thanks for the follow.
Facing Adversity with confidence, knowing I can be the change, knowing I can make a difference and make things better...
Does any use Skype anymore???
I wish this was a 3 day weekend
FOLLOW SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!!!!
Agree wholeheartedly.
Bahrendon, Amazing race is supposed to he fun.
uggh.
this is rhetorical, right?
When my TL gets boring I tweet a lot just for fun.
I must look like a Philadelphian!
Someone just asked me for directions.
Anybody looking to buy a house in Florida?
Now's the time!
Let me know what you want and I'll find it.
Skipping em for pretty lights was a great decision
bigger.
Usually more features.
But sometimes I have same feeling.
Putting out a 2 dollar app in a few weeks.
I forgot the reason this came up was b/c a different sportsrelated inconvenience is coming to town.
Scratch the halfhappy.
awh :D I miss those times:
Music stole my social life away from me.
Why does that sound so oxymoronic?
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
Crazy great time w/ my girl Theresa McAteer!
well bout to go take a bath
I am going to make my daf play it in the car now.
Indeed it was, but don't worry, there's always next year!
its kinda funny cause we like follow u guys at the hotels and u follow justin so now u feel what we feel lol
where the heck are you going?
HAHAHA that was hilarious!
I miss watching that with you!
ITS 57 AS WE SPEAK!!!!.
God removes people out of your life because he knows your better without them.
So don't try to put them back in.
With my Grandma Katie: 3
is the reception at a bar!?
We need to get it together.
don't start your wv bashin.
I'm sure not all Duke fans are as classy as you.
The more and more I think of you,the more I loose feelings for you.
YOUR AMAZING.
Weiters is my favorite Oriole since
kobe passed da ball finally lmao
no more photos ..jus real me u have to see
UX designers must be full team members.
UX needs and tasks must be part of team planning.
You're the 100th person I've followed.
Congrats lady
Thank you :
I Gotta new twitter name don't hate
at least not the ones from the grocery store olive bar.
Just downloaded application for GSA art in architecture program, funding art projects in federal bldgs.
Think there's any  left for this!?
Had a great time yesterday being a part of the upcoming music video for Greatest Night!
So happy to have met some more fabulous ppl!!
So What Instrument Do You Play?
Smh I Am The Business Behind The Operation, Not The Talent...
it would make our day if you RT us Steve!
2day is our beta launch!
We're out 2 forever change the way group travel is done!
:
better late than never!
Looking forward to your tweets.
Guys stop believing in 2012 it's not real!
It's just someone who's trying to make money!
Trust me!
And if you don't, just watch!
I 3 NPR, but damn, this week's stories...so hard.
Remembering those who lost people in NY 10 years ago...
so much ideas.
nobody to share them with
30 And, while fathering sons and daughters, Lamech lived 595 years after having Noah.
WordsINeverWantToHear one of my favorite celebrities are dead.
keeps going higher  higher
what is Your music?
i have one for the hospital I work at it's great for the nurses to learn about us but we have great nurses who appreciate us
wrote Pey a letter in school today.
just sent it out21
Tayler Lofquist Everything tasted greatmy only regret was that it stopped at two plates!
;
Shout out from thr divas..the whole stampedn tonight
OK SO TUES NIGHT?
DINAH HIT ME BACK 2.
U GOT A TIME FRAME
since when are weatherman bangable?
Sleepin early might of not been the best idea lol :/
thanks for the follow family Blast that Hip Hop news our way
I think someone called me Ben Stiller on the youtube video for titanium
where and what time for showing??
Legalize it.
RT: WI Gov.
Walker signs budget, slashes education 1.85B, Medicaid 500M, cuts tax credits for poor; Co's get tax breaks http: ...
you have too you can never see once.
I am currently surrounded by two laptops, one netbook,  my iP All of which are being used by me, each for their own purpose.
wwhen are you coming back??
RT : Coaching 3rd base is like business.
If you go all season w/no outs, you weren't aggressive enough.
Take risks.
Spelman student Brittanae SmithMcGee, C2012 wins Limited Edition print made to benefit the childoctorn of Haiti.
Can never get enough of the Google Doodles!
Today's is a fun one
Lol at my grandma having a talk with me.
That was one crazy commute.
And given Shermageddon, that's saying something.
Having housewives cut in the Starbucks line is a
Great pseudotraining ride last night in GG Park w/ Next Wed, 6pm, north end of GG Polo Fld.
30daysof cycling Join us!
still needs toys for girls aged 712.
It's not too late to donate: Volunteers are already at Golden Hall.
maybe his best album.
Every entrepreneur should keep a daily business journal  very powerful things happen
and what do you want buzz today????
Finally off work.
Tired AF, I need something to do though
why did i get an email that u just started following me?
lol
your dumb
looking for a strong oracle candidate in austin with red hat experience for a growing cloud company
Who is watching sunday best?
www.twitter.com/BETSundayBest
my old boss was told by his mentor go to a swap meet and a NASCAR race.
Finished Resident Evil Revelations last night!
Even though the campaign took only 9 hours, it was quite good!
Before portals tear our friendship asunder, what about going to Food Truck Friday tonight?
looks like a video editor i saw a long time ago...dont remember its name though
lmao RT : We're such good friends, I don't need a Facebook reminder to remember it's your birthday!
: Yall remember how goldust was cutting edge and you thought wtf...give brodus a chance.
Thank you.
ethosIQ is seeking qualified Pashto linguists for translation and interpretation requirements for the US Army.
Call 2816165711 for info.
yess?
: I don't really look at my  so I just noticed this :D
Let's go Yankees!
28, here we come!
oh yeah i remember that..
u should post a flick..
You did great.
I was really impressed with how you wrapped that up.
What a great way to beta test an attention getter.
Elf related tweets may be the key to social networking.
Who has a nikon battery charger
you threatened me with a book 
Happy Easter ,  Enjoy your day  ;
we'll do it again today, buddy!
Die Antwoord is the weirdest thing I've seen lately.
However, I watched I Fink U Freeky 4 times in a row.
Thought I recognized a few.
hunterschile hey matt
Join us for Happy Hour....
5:30close!
3.50 cocktail specials tonight or our 2.50 shot specials including the 'Traffic Light'!
Representing CGS as delegate at the first breakout session at
STRIP CLUB KILLA
Discovering that Sweave works nicely with packages like xtable and reporttools: just print results as tex
So true.
RT : Don't say a silly I forgive when your heart is saying a wise go away
Anyone interested in polishing your skills teaching UX  webdesign  development to high school kids in Camden?
I'm in.
I'm like theonly one who doesnt have a smart phone 
Should I forgive him?
I'm gonna show her what you said
about to do a job hunt!!!
thx for coverage No prob, nice job.
Is it just me or are these c: smileys cute?
Haha
It's Sunday but it looks like a good week already!
that's 1 euphemism for depressing.....fingers and toes are crossed for the right results!
: are you ready for prom!?
check out the creative cloud subscription.
That is what I went with this time.
wuts upHow can i get a sticker?
.
is delivering some quality Hurricane Irene humblebragging.
Yes, but only for the Elites.
Demolition Begins at Altavista First National Bank
Check out the newest trend in keeping valuables safe.
Listen 2night, 2 Rappin Up The Night 9:30 CST  online so you can hear it anywhere
his face just grosses me out in general.
Wonder how Flames fans feel watching this run.
Hoping to hear more about apps/mobile experience beyond guides.
guides are not appropriate for all museums.
Almost done with the cybernetics paper.
It is nowhere near where I'd like it to be, but life happens, huh?
Too late to fix now.
:/
She's such a good daughter!
Lucky mom!
:
THANK U SO MUCH!!!
No prob!
Enjoy, see y'all tonight at the party!
if i meet him it would be amazing if i meet robert too but i cant kiss him like u did in the picture lol
things are great thanks, have a new stylist with me too!
Bobby Roode retains...
in clean fashion!
Excellent Ladder Match.
I surely hope he becomes the longest reigning champ in history.
I can't wait to interview you!
I have to add that I have IGetDown blasting in my car every time I doctorve.
I love it!
Had an awesome launch team meeting tonight!
There were 40 people there ready to see God do some big things!
Don't miss the next one!
already have and we all shoud.
Treyvon could have been anyone's son.
Hungry for a late night snack...we serve our amazing  cheap food 'till 10...nachos anyone?
I am recording on Friday, but can tell you when it will air.
I wish I had a hot tub time machine so I could go back and not watch hot tub time machine.
Be sure to listen to Chris Brown ft.
Justin Bieber 'Next to you' it's truly an amazing song 3
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
how are u sis
That chick is hot though.
RT : T Mobile commercials annoy the shit out of me.
: hi there.
there a reason u started following me?
no one is worried about you.
whoa, I want to see you too but no need to be hasty!
What's this promise of this weekend?!
So Today My Ice Coffee Decided To Go All Yolo On Me And Jump Out Of Its Cup !
..
bye Andy!
The weekend doesn't start until Subday, right?
you two speak the whole truth, and nothing but the truth
kc of last year was dying for a wild card...now we are in control.
Just finished performing.
Larry King walked by as I was playing The Girl from Ipanema.
He looks much better in person!
no prob I know it's very very early to ask but what are the chances of you coming back to fiesta next year in San Antonio
cooking for geeks highly recommended
Still listening to Talking Heads radio on This is an excellent station.

there is a break dancer here to audition....
I SO wish I could watch :/ love me some male dancers!
Philly fans are the shit
sweet, I can't miss that
I tell you, we as a people allow WAY too many self hating paid tokens.
Who cares about what Larry Elder is saying anyway...
RT : Everyone that's married is not in love.
And everyone that's in love is not married.
Rethink
I let go of all judgements about where I am in my career.
I feel free and light.
I look forward to receiving great news this week!
And I Quote: That Y My doctornk Of Choice Is Nikolai...Cuz Niggas Lie.
LMFAO!
that shit is good watched it yesterday
me...
I'm the help!
My entire body aches so bad!
It's a hot tub night for sure!
Leaving Lancaster, pizza and beer for my birthday near my office, let me know if you wanna come by...
Get at me yo.
looking forward to opening night!
Thanks, !
You're GREAT :D
and The DiSC session tweets are great!
religious schools who don't hire people of other faiths get sued by the ACLU!
So now penalized by healthcare definition?
Thanks to your last EPBOT post, I now must visit Disney World next Leap Day!
Off to the doctor this afternoon.
Hoping to figure out what's had me low since Jan.
You will need to invest a lot of money for opening a bridal boutique
Who is coming to the Denver Family Institute's 3rd Annual AUCTION for ACTION!?
It's this Saturday and guarenteed to be a blast!!!
So it sounds like MTV managed to bleep out the cursing.
Must have been tough cause she did a TON of it!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Hope you get some action tonight!!
Didnt do a damn thing but eat chinese food and help my friend clean her house..
im now home  preparing for my company picnic tomorrow.
Loving the covers on these forthcoming books!
I have a new look for twitter now:
Moms and pops didn't raise no dummy they raised a solider Much love to my parents!
gets to sit on his arse for the next hour or so, escorting folks from IBM while they install expensive hardware into racks.
I MISS MY FRIEND GEORGE MAKKAS....!!
call me now..
phone issues
It's not HER past but her dad's.
It's heartbreaking because millions are carrying that same guilt when they've done nothing wrong.
You match the color with the number and fill it in ...
Love a good mushy voicemail.
Getting ready to rock tonight with and
Girls fall in love with what they hear, boys fall in love with what they see.
/3
Just because it's been around for a long time, though, doesn't make it the best choice.
I think Garner makes room for that.
Do you know how cute you are??
;3
k, now I'm really hatin'!!!
Lol.
They spoilin yall asses for real!
Shiiiiit, coulda saved me about 10 grand back in the day
I need to grab a Snickers and stop being such a diva
the validity of reliability in symptoms, culture bias, normality and medicalization.
Another research tactic really.
By the way, talking about professor and teaching generally is imprecise!
We have institutions with different missions across the US.
And finally, Market: The Weeknd, Lucid: Ayron Jones and The Way and : The Maldives w/The Moondoggies
SomeWhereInTheHood somebody smoking crack
yes sir!!!
What's good life??
Listen to a 27yr old MultiMillionaire who was sleeping on a twin size bed at his dad's house less than 2 yrs ago.
Call at 3PM EST...
What do you think of our new website?
Glad I got to work on 2 quilting projects yesterday.
It did the spirit good.
: What's the point of the broom standing up?
Someone explain.
Good Afternoon.
We would like to confirm that an email has been sent to you on behalf of our company honoring your request.
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James quotes
Watching FootLoose, aw the begining is so sad :
ive bn bck in the us for a while now bt im still astonished whn I stop at a red light next to a beggar w my window down and thy dnt touch me
is my fav hotel.
My mom and dad used to take me when I was a kid.
Amazing memories.
Loved afternoon tea with my mom.
Xo
Make your doctorams happen.
I'm thankful for everyday I live.
Thankful that in God's design he planned it so your path crossed mine.
Thank you followers  friends!!!
Learning about Mitticool  other faster better cheaper emerging mkt innovations.
Cc:
Finding old high school CDs in your car is like finding treasure.
I'm for stand ur ground.
SYG advocates need to flip this on its head  get behind Treyvon's right to stand his.
It's upside down
Nice!
Those look fantastic!
Great suggestion!!
RT: : needs to have cohost one morning!
don't worry, is is okay!
He just needs stitches on his lip.
He was hit in the face with a lifeguarding tube and it cut th ...

Maybach trying to hoop I might quit my job to go hoop lol lol u work tomm?
Have you ever got sick of not being able to find any eggs and just steal someone else's...
Hello Sterling how are you?
:
Alright folks.
We are headed to New Orleans this Thursday...we've been before but want to hear from you: best food, venue, sites, etc...go
Thanks for the tweet!
Ha!
Cool.
Look out for a typo or two that I haven't gotten around to correcting.
REI should organize a Zombie survival sale  or a 12/21/2012 preapocalypse special.
Today didn't start off right, so please don't piss me off in any way liable to snap asap
we love big bang too, didn't know you guys watch, read somewhere the color of shirt Sheldon wears determines his mood, clever!
loll nice ash
can probably comp u.
Otherwise 12 or 15
eMarketer: 'AOL Bets 315 Million on Arianna, Buys Huffington Post to Build 'New American Media Company'' via ,  ht...
about 50 of girls cut there hair for this reason...
What is it??
answer..for their doctorver's license picture
You seem crabby today...
I think I may avoid your office...
Engraved at Things Remembered: I.Y.Q Sound It Out
I am a wreck.
Lol
craving starbucks so bad
still do.
which is weird for me..
is magic.
I didn't know!
I'm glad you missed up the schedules bro I'm telling jose that you need to prove paper work
My little sister leaves today for four months study abroad in India.
So excited for her.
Will rental bikes be available during the Garden Party on the 3rd?
Anyone else blown Dale Hunter isn't returning to the Caps next year?
We had a good run in playoffs
I do not get here 5 min early so customers can get here 5 min early.
Eff off people.
We open at 7:30, not 7:20 or 7:25.
ImHopingThat one day ill be good enough for you.
Wow I love LA after a good rain , air feels and smells so clean.
It's the start of a beautiful day, full of promise and possibilities

Hey Mark!
Follow me?
THANKS!
Blessings...
my laugh sounds like my brother's
Beastie Boys' MCA died today...
This is truly a sad day...
hey we had an off game.
Still gonna be a number one seed though!
'When you take a chance, ever wonder who you took it from?'
Have a scotch on City Grocery's balcony for me!
give Richard Howorth a Hell as he bicycles by en route to
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate  Sweets.
Why?
Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS.
Mind  Blown.
That was just a minor bump in the road!
shrugs
How many more injuries, Justin Morneau/wrist...
Thanks for the promo I love you!!!
keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart ....
My college friends make me sick!
They're out for summer forever!!!
RT Please rain 
I hate choir class.
I know they're dumb but they're also a large majority.
People AGREE with Romney, Santorum and all those other jerks.
Used half  half this morning instead of milk
Did you know interned under Carl Kasell from ?
That's my dad's bank!
Are you guys working with them now?
Money still the motivation
just the 'coolests'.
RT: Stream a new track from coolest parents around, Peaking Lights, Westbound.
Help Me Believe.
Thanks for all the b'day wishes.
I had a great day and am still enjoying last night's Timbers' win.
See you tomorrow!
The fascination of the abomination?
That's awesome!
Remember you can use the scheduler in hootsuite to space tweets out instead of flooding your feed all at once.
You gotta appreciate an AG who calls us cowards about race, but when a guera brings up race, to delve into it, she is playing the race card.
That sounds neat ; Have a nice time!
no I had work.
I never get to watch the suns play anymore cause of work.
Did they win??
lolz, this is your face.....now watch me punch it.
God don't make anybody ugly!
Everybody is beautifull!
But IS STILL THE MOST BEAUTIFULL BOY I'VE EVER SEEN!
IWishPeopleWouldJust Be nice to each other
And strikes out the first hitter lol wtf
Well crap!
Thanks a whole lot
Hate to break it to ya like this.
The good one's probably showing soon at a theater nearby, though, You can still save yourself.
the story is about my life mainly centered around my absence in entertainment industry.
Comedy, inspiring,  doctormatic.
: I get my braces off TOMORROW!
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG :D 
Lol!I get so confused looking for people on Twitter.
I never know who's who.
Heehee
haha me and working on that!
asap i promise!
I'm guessing it's too late to get our money back on the Louisiana Purchase.
has finally changed her avi after about 2 years everyone!
: i love juice, juice makes me happy, yes.
its sweet and it has a lot of flavors.
THIS MADE MY DAY 3
Turn me up when you feel low 3
Note to self: Hairspray goes on my hair, not my mouth 
Is it just me or does it seem that O'Brien refuses to run with the ball?
Btw, I'm a big fan of Jon Fitch's new idea of talking smack...
at least if that's what he's going for in order to stir things up...
Performing at CHEETAHS, but not in that way...
u guys are wastin my time nd my life I hav a game 2 go play if I die IDGAF!!!!!
Some choices may seem hard to make at first...but in the end the right choice will present itself!
Heat fans y'all just be happy your team ain't the Knicks or the Bulls
I'm not mad at you ...
hence the : face
having a relaxin sunday 
I know, that's why I was so happy for you.
Good job!!
8'D
2012 goals: Learn 2 new languages, travel abroad, shoot more sexy pics, continue mma training,  waste zero time on losers!
Whats yours?!?
And Vancouver could ruin the parlay after the first two win!
Luongo sucks!
True.
But I do not think enough to hurt him too badly.
It would be the case if there was strangely low voter turnout
What would music be without sound ?
RT : The sexual tension on that stage is palpable.
you do realize that whole is spelled with a w right?
LOL
Ok ATT  Verizon.
RepublicWireless offering unlimited voice data  text 19/mth.
Virgin is 25/mth.
Time for you to step it DOWN a notch.
ALWC tomorrow morning 1030AM6PM.
We will be singing the song of the redeemed as we launch into the final leg of our fast  RESURRECTION!
hahahaha, what a punk
you're most certainly welcome!
We'll have abt a mth b4 classes start, so we're looking 4ward to discov'g our new hometown ;
Giveaway coming Soon!!!
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Buddha
There is no formula with God.
Period.
So there are no formulas for the person who follows him.
john eldoctorge
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy.
3
damn.come celebrate xmas in the old terrazas house and it would have..
this year not so much, otherwise i'd invite ya to cali
Ok I know exactly what I'm going to send u what r u recording on
In my opinion the world would be better without me.
Hoping everyone we know in Oslo is OK.
we're so glad to hear that you are safe.
Our thoughts are with you all.
Looking forward to tomorrow's meeting!
me too...
Colin is FUCKED UP!
Writing with the talented, future halloffamer, Aaron Raitiere today!
Pumped!
Its live as fuck up in here
TONIGHT AT ALL ASIA!!!
Melissa Myatt and the Chase...6PM
We signed the lease!
great to hear you're racing in Long Beach!
Excited to watch u race again at the beach
Lots of chokin' going on...
Yes, 200 Stuart St.
Boston!
are you the fine genre who sponsored this after party at slane
Yes.
I listen to mine this way all the time.
Assuming the model supports text to speech, headphones will work.
If people never did silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.
Ludwig Wittgenstein
great photos, but i can't find it on the Historypin map.
you can also embed your content map/list on yr site
I DO NOT STALK YOU.
oh by the way, your out of milk.
;
Anchoring the Morning News on KXL.
Need Sleep.
Nap time in Tminus 4 hours and counting...
I miss ashley  heart broken
RT if you're online.
AAAAAAAHHHHH!!!
gotta go...
to the fall classic!
Thanks, Steve!
Appreciated your advice on the e29 Garage Project for Cleveland Plain Dealer.
ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza blow my pizza
when are we doing lunch?
?
ya, DM me please : Appreciate it!
Dont ask me why I have scars if your the one who gave them to me.
Thank you for coming!
RT is doing an a amazing job.
Enjoying the UNITY....
Hey,everybody!!...Tell your mothers I said,Hi!...Oh..and tell them I'll call them tomorrow..maybe..hehehehehe :3
Didn't get the hype with Spotify.
It didn't seem to do anything Pandora or last.fm didn't do already.
I want to be with you, but your too beautiful :
The spring cocktail list is in full bloom and ready for tasting.
Stop in for 6 cocktails and 2 for ANY artisan cheese.
OMG!!
Yoda is dying :'
Thanks again for having us!
We loved every minute of it!
waking up and feeling even more tired..
/:
wats good where u ??
You can make many plans, but the LORDs purpose will prevail.
i wanna see it .
anyone know if has a fan mail addoctorss???
love to send some appreciation for just being a wonderfully lovely human being:
Thanks for the shout out.
ps Pt.
Reyes rules!
can you play Sweet Love by !
Wake Up!!!
Oh the hard house has had me groven all day!!
Angela Perley and Miss Molly Winters will be performing at 3rd and Town St.
at The Columbus Marathon on Sunday from 810am.
Is there anything better than the moment when a little kid realizes they are on a jumbotron??
Love seeing it in their eyes when they get it.
Fertility is hot.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right!
Henry Ford
Looking to talk to someone who has sold sponsorships for a small company.
I have some questions.
I KNOW RIGHT!!!
I like died laughing
Your new stuff is super inspiring...you are a true songsmith.
thats a good thing for you.
May 15th can't come soon enough :
cause you're an annoying bitch?
when is her wedding?
You are too funny!
A man of balance, L.
;
at work fool...
But my dads on his way to the house
: Who is heading to LAS next week?
BlackHat fb  see you there.
doctornks.
lol i had to put thye rest of the tracks/bars on my facebook.
evan mario marsh
Forgot one shoe to work.
One shoe.
How do u forget one shoe?
Every time customers ask your for the service you were PLANNING to give them  you missed an opportunity  opened a door for another.
Austin has too many people that are there JUST for him.
I don't know if its good to have him back.
They dont care about the others.
I 3
i'm gonna survive!
i still have lots of things to do!!!
I can't die yet!!!
In legit a ticking fucking time bomb.
So far the classes are easy compared to the rigor in the books.
I'm OK with that given how few hours there are in theday
Where can I download the stems/tracks of 's song The Sun Is Down?
cc:
So sorry I cancelled my first reservation!
Lost track of my boss and had to change plans.
Look forward to using y'all soon tho!
Where u all gonna watch the game at on Saturday?
South Park :D
Social media more than ROI, need to track all you can get in return.
People online are like bloodhounds in the woods.
The find an follow a sent.
testingwins via
tears come easily with a broken heart and its not that mines is broken at all it's just torn in two half for me and half for u : /3
Man I need too get some sht done asap
Like bitch I'm da shit
Correction: The Mystery Book Club meets at 7 pm, not 2 pm.
Sorry!
hahaha i love it huucrewdoe excellent
trying to make it happen.
Still need a partner in crime.
Let's make these last 3 hours BIG!
giveBIG San Diego!
Erin are you ever going to sen me your autographed pics :
I'm a nerd.
And the doctorss hunt begins
plzz dont tell me the rumors r true about u justin we luv u no matter wat well sorport u all da way luv u 
This is an exciting week!
Moment to moment I am choosing happy ;
fuck no.
All orange and black over here...
Just someone who thinks your cover is pretty weak.
I'm sure you'll get over it
Q5: Magazines like Rebook and Woman's Day
Wauwatosa Fire  M/A fromOak Creek, Greendale and Brookfield.
Fire Bell canteen to scene.
Found it.
WMLW Channel 7.
Thanks for nothing college football.
When its best for u to talk its not always the right time for me
next time try the comments on a YouTube video
Four weeks until the next Fringe !?
WTF Pissedoff !!
How is Spirit Airlines still in business?
Some of the worst policies and service in the industry  haven't flown them in years.
we need to hang soon, ladyloo
Baskets, blankets, food, and good times.
Gotta love Picnic in the Clinic!
If you stop following because I unfollowed you you're petty.
I had a reason.
It's because your tweets suck.
same to u bunn, and happy new years!
Your Goodnight text make you worth doctoraming about.
Interesting : so, what are those 5 questions?
Try pencil and paper?
flipclass I've had a couple kids make vids both former and current students.
Lunch has transformed my tummy into an arena for battling dinosaurs.
What do I have to do to stop the stalking calls?
Yesterday, as an example was 5 times.
I have been a customer since '04.
lol...aww mane....what color was u look'n for bruh...
What San Diego bars carry your vodka?
not really looking forward to these next 4 hours of studying :/ faaacckkk
Who's at Marcon today?
The Attitude of Gratitude opens the flood Gates of Blessings.
Jesus God  Mother Rose
Talked to earlier.
We bout to start hitting these streets every 3 months!
Starts in June.
Stay tuned.
we start at 9
Watch yourself little lady!
I will be in contact with your security team tonight.
Yes!
Live action Harley GeekTrivia win!
DM me a new question.
lol i will.
ill bug the shit out of him until he follows me haha
So sad  weird to see women built like the Tazmanian Devil
Preparing to shoot my latest project with photographer John Davis.
It's really not that hard to even fake a personalized looking message.
But that ReverbNation shit definitely ain't gonna cut it.
if we could get any actor or actress to do a guest class at teen actor's lab, who would you want it to be?
I'd kick you in the vagina, but im afraid I might lose my shoe /
What other members of congress and Candidates support Occupywallstreet OWS ??
war on religion.
Take another shot!
Great post, incredible story of one person making a difference, please keep posting such inspiring stories!
I RT'd!
How do you explain to someone that they're gay, but not.
Yet they still are?
But aren't?
The peer is farther than it seems.
how was your brunch?
My 9 year old likes to call rainy days liquid sunshine!!!
On to this week..
Going since 5am.
Gads the pool better still be open.
Shot a Family, a Dog, a Quarterback, a Model, and a Newborn today!

Of course.
Isn't everyone?
Wondering how many times people will try to be funny tonight  tweet something like: At the Hunger Games...at my house!
Pizza on the way!
Friday night crowds...SMH
GOPers: If you liked Trump then Bachmann then Perry then Cain then Newt, you can still hate Mitt but not b/c he changes his mind.
thanks bro
Hearing all that stuff has put me off you completely
man stll rainin guess im stuck n da house Z!!!!!
haha not to u my Andoctorw 
Chris is coming over so we can start demoing for our cd!
572 is my guess for actual...announced will be 13, 452
Doctors  hospitals like to push unwanted Xrays/ CAT scans since its a high margin/ easy money treatment.
RT Pitching well, always been a top prospect : i got him great fantasybaseball pick up
Palate design, execution, ambiance and service one of the best in the city.
Worth every penny and return visits!
Just had a photo Shoot wit
Good Night, okay?
States cooperated and competed for resources, in some cases waging wars
I hate my bus doctorver she so stupid she writing me up just because I was telling someone to stop uploading a video of me to utube
jillyjill101: I was so naive as a kid, I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.
Easter services today across 5 states!
centralonline.tv for locations  service times hoperising Happy Easter!
RT 147 years ago today J.
Wilkes Booth was put down like the scurrilous dog he was.
R not IP, scum.
Tell her I said happy birthday!
Knew Valverde was going to blow that save before he even took the mount.
Love Opening Day!
I just realized how sad my life is that I'm happy it is about to storm so my yard looks better.
Date night with at the Hungry Cat
Why are we up at nearly 1 a.m.
consoling a 10yearold over a lost pocket knife?
my apartment smells like heaven.
and by heaven, i mean fresh baked cookies.
Then gonna kill that free buffet
yes!
Treat adults like childoctorn!
Although, they might get confused when they run out of hands....
I wish I wasn't so awkward.
But who cares?
agreed RT : Who bought lotto tix?
I like the chances tonight.
Wolfy's gonna be effective tonight.
The meaning of life is the meaning you put..live free and die free...real life
Been going ham lately.
: Kelly looks absolutely beautiful!
I know she's naturally pretty, but you made her stunning.
RT Just follow , easiest chance to win 100 dwebhut, follow,
Yes we do!
RT : has late night happy hour after 10pm Monday thru saturday.
Yes.
Thank you again.
Keep in touch.
How are you guys?
If Crosby gets a hat trick, they may have to shut down Consol.
Going to JazzAhead in Bremen next week.
Showcasing Vinx.
Anybody going?
Let's meet up.
you should follow me and becuz we love u 
I understand!
I hope you find what you are looking for!
Mine means a lot to me.
I don't know!
hahah
Three!
Make that Three apartments I'm checking out tomorrow!
Ah hah hah hah.
For a tagline line I would def use committed, it just sounds more business like :
a couple days ago when I jacked u up...
doctoramland!
Faiderville!
Al Davis is a Godville!
be there ina minute
Eurosport player plus vpn is the 10/month pain free solution for cycling pleasure
I didn't know you had depression :'
Thanks for the shout out.
come on in  check us out.
We are 3070 off retail price w/ brands you love from the full line store
People say it's too cold one day..
Then too hot the next..
Be content for once in your life..
You do realize CT can say whatever he wants...right?
He makes more money than the rest of us.
May have found a home for Vadelle.
She's such a sweet dog I hate to see her go but my dogs are stressed over her.
I can't have that.
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort.
Gloria Steinem
Slowmoving Saturday morning.
I'd feel better about it if AJ wasn't pitching Game 4.
Pharrell Sells Beats at 100k a Pop Why Cant You?
: i will never be the kind of women that changes who i am make a man happy
I disagree
: Twitter is currently the only social network that your parents haven't ruined.
lol
NBA MidSeason Awards Up on www.benchplayersports.com.
Let us know your thoughts on the awards.
twitter is not the new text message sloth
According to a CEIR study, 25 of exhibition mgrs use social media to target audiences,  only 12 of corporate brands use social media.
TONIGHT WILL BE PERFORMING AT THE KINGDOM...
BE THERE
Excited to get hired by UNIQLO.
I got this 
yes..
will send it..
can you give me the weight of your child..
will make it easier to price it ..
Thanks
bahaha I don't miss those days at all.
Thanks Ms Gill ...
It's always an honor ...
Hope you are well.
J
nice blog post for a Monday Morning.
Not just whether, but how, to lighten up.
What does do with his day off?
FF rad girl fronted punk bands:
koreavalentine How do I love thee?
Let me count the ways.
I love thee to the depth and breath and height your wallet can reach....
Followback me !
It can be gift for me at christmas
for your pro memberships do you have student rates?
Riding with to the car dealership to get my new whip G35
or when you're doctornk
no problem!
:
Nothing is so much enjoyed by some men as a practical joke; and the greater the annoyance they can occasion the greater their delight
Excited to hear that!
:
ill try, thank you so much
Now the Jets have two shitty quarterbacks.
Done with numbers for awhile there is to many!
So he picked the jets???????
RT : Denver has agreed to trade Tim Tebow and a seventhround pick to the Jets
Got Prince!
Report marks largest failure rate of U.S.
public schools to meet federal standards since NCLB took effect
love the website.
I'm sure it gives strength to others.
OMG!
I just had my first national comm audition!
Woo Hoo!
Wish me luck!
This is one of my goals for 2011!!
Shabazz been working in the gym for that NIT Appearance next year.

Hey, thanks for the RT on the 5k event!
i guess that link is a little slanted it's an interesting monument though...
I feel your pain.
Josh walked in with Stack'd and I'm on day 15 of the juice.
diet The smell is pure heaven.
Canadian cities like Montreal, Calgary, Edmonton, Vancouver, Victoria, and Winnipeg.
Canadians don't understand the PanAm Games are
Seriously..I hate that fucking justin bieber..He is such a gay..
u askked what the prank was...
it is comedy gold Miss Birthday Girl!
Have a great one!
and gets done at 12am.
There will be live music and so much more.
Please visit our website at wildtigerbar.com
The theme 'Unity in Diversity' speaks to the naturecharacter of South Africa the mission of the ANC to unite in their diversity.
nun much doing what i do what about u kuz
Applied behavioral science and modern tech engagement methodologies over big data analytics will be the future for next gen smart grid serv
are your classes full or something?
Steve Tisch, getting in a shot on Dallas!
Clerk at handled my credit card like it was a meishi  wondering if that is intentional?
Another day another taff...
Love is blind and marriage is eyeopener.
Unknown
IS TODAY THE DAY YOU WILL FOLLOW ME ?
?
?
ILL LET YOU DECIDE 3
PeopleShouldStop Bullying and discriminating.
We are ALL created equal.
No matter race,religion or sexual orientation.
Goodbye weekend, hello True Blood!
Starting fresh and making my momma watch.
Far superior decision to Twilight.
Not only is his heart is amazing but he has a sex game to match!
There is an awesome beach just BEFORE the entrance to 17 Mile doctorve if you come from north.
Spanish Bay.
Wish Macs weren't so expensive.
Ended up buying another PC today bc my last one called it quits last night.
God given gift, so so sad.
Talking poo is where I doctorw the line.
I suspect so.
Thx for the RT Caleb.
Hope all is well!
How many pitches is Lowe at?
Italian restaurant owned and operated by Hispanics???
Been up for 2 hours already...getting all my facts...its car shopping day!
love you tom!
Hi Kim!!
Thank you getting this together!
Damn I miss him aint seen him n like a week
What was doing hours before his last round at the Masters?
Tweeting about Easter and celebrating Jesus.
Pretty awesome...
I'd like for you to meet the love of my life his name is the game
I love this!
RT Plan the work and work the plan.
Of course we take care of our women.
We don't let them out of the house.
Imagine the conversations...
Hillary on women's empowerment
Lol hello : how are U ?
BREAKING: Denver plans to break out emergency side street plow program starting tonight
you both should give hockey a shot
Just sent husband to Home Depot to get a stud finder.
Praying he has to ask for help.
awkward the moments u need sum1,  no1 is there especially when u show that you care
thank you
I love
in yearbook
the thing i love the most about mike mayock is that he never seems to be bsing...
that said shut up marshall faulk
not stupid.
I think there's something to be said for going out on your shield and not tapping.
I can have an opinion.
I judge the severity of every storm by how much my cushions blow around the balcony...eh, wimpy storm
Leaving my frands today.
Giants win a game before Red Sox!
Took Zito to get us first win.
The Magic of Monk with Jeff Antoniuk  The Jazz Update starts now!
My dad is the best3
Wat he said.....RT : And If you're fighting more than you're fucking...
it's time to move on.
Most improved player of the yr has to be danny green!
Vital part of our success.
The incompetence at the helm of the program is way more destructive than any gambling scandal
oh he got that cane goin!!!
ITS TERRIBLE!
talk with your family or teachers!
im so so sorry!
i think its dengerous.
;
of course i know!!
Been waiting for it.
I'm surprised it's not being made a big deal.
I may move to Canada just for tomorrow
Glad to connect via
Nice, good to hear.
How's acting treating you?
Deer Vibes this Sunday May 31st THE TEN ELEVEN 1011 Ave.
B with Golden Lights, Western Giants, This Old House  Maxx!
The fact tht the two things back to back on twitter was eww no and the next was whores these days lol
real women doctornk beer AND johnny walker
Created my first flash graphic today for a website I'm working on!
ohh ok.
I like her..
Wish she didn't die.
hahaa for half a second I thought you had ashton kutcher as your professorle pic but then I looked closer my bad lol
Live!
Jairam calls quitting reports 39;most juvenile39;
It wasn't the best movie ever though
So many people in Old Town for Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo that phones are not working!
middle finger up in the sky
happy mothers day : today  the day I thank the 3 women who have guided me through my life  who will always be there .
MOM , DINA  JASARA
Thanks united for getting me ORD a little early.
Sadly i missed the last 5minutes of hawaii five 0 : ...
Glass half empty tweet.
If you're ever back in Madison we'd love 2 have you on Channel 27's morning show.
No haircutting duty this time
That is at your beck  call with the clap of a hand...
yess...
Why buy the cow when you get the sex for free?
Gaining knowledge and losing scruples
are you going??
Today 1875: Madison Free City Library opened to the public, becoming the first public library in the state of Wisconsin.
I had to follow this woman right here, seen her perform and fell in love with her lol, follow ya teddybear back iight
yola...
you only lie all the time
If the Cavaliers doctorft Thomas Robinson they're trading Tristan Thompson
: Just doctorpping in to say hello  How are you?
Been praying for you.
:
The book, The Call Of The Wild, is an amazing book!3
What takes more steps lebron doctorving to the hole or the cha cha slide?
Ah, can we say the same about you all...?
thanks for the love!
OMG the SUN is actually out?!
WOW
yes u r
spending time in Austin for work.
ready to go home and be back to normal.
HOw about you?
what's good?
Its not my music its !
I still have no idea what that stupid bottle has to do with books
Thanks Ashley!
You too...
Are your ny plans?
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 24.
Who you pulling for in the Belk Bowl?
I'm behind Loui...I like birds.
PS, what is Belk?
History is key factor in plant disease virulence
RT : , Hey Can you replace Beer Money with twitterbaseball ?
i just LOVE it when politicians play chicken with our lives.
How Fun!
Now who's up for a House cleaning?
Saw Amelia Gray read from THREATS tonight.
Pretty fucking awesome.
Now or never Crew
OK.
Publix's desserts are pretty good.
you good...
Amazing to me how many clocks I have to adjust in my home twice a year  something tells me I'm obsessed with time ...
let's do something fun then!!!
RT : You were much better as Shannon Burke's butt licker, you should beg for you old job back
it has to do with the Denver Broncos.stay tuned for clues and details...
Lovin my new phone.
doctorid FTW!
Really?
Damn, it probably didn't go through cuz I did it on my phone, I'll try again on my laptop when I get home :
The move's a bit hectic but NZ will be a blast...
they are either asleep or they don't care.
Some of them will wake up but will it be too late?
youcantdateme if you can't respect me or treat me like the queen that I am.
smh at you playing YOURSELF
We have to tread water for 2 mins with just our legs 0o ...I need to get these thighs prepared!
Oh don't get me wrong man, I LOVE Orjan's music, but when I think of Legend, I think of AvB, PvD...
Adam and Tony r dating haha
44 more LIKES and we hit 900!!
Its suppose to be hot as hell today and I gotta work.
I haven't seen the swimming pool much this summer
Woah.
Is that my cue?
face Insanebro...ur ships r sunk, nothing u can do about it; lol
lol its okayy : they still really cool lol plus it showed u put time into it :D
About to get ready for a long wrk day tommisterw!
About to feed zay  bath time it is!!!
I am at the bottom of a puppy pile.
bliss ...
P.S.
there is some major snoring going on
going to go meet the director!!!!
Hooray!!!!!!!
movies :
What kind of a world do we live in where people have no clue what a pop culture phenomenon LOVE STORY was?
we need to partner up.
TeamJoose and
.
talks about teaching students how to infer models from using online databases, becoming critical users
Great day on the Lower East Side at and Worth braving the cold to visit!
It feels good 2 hear some1 say Take care.
But it feels so much better 2 hear some1 say I will take care of u.
IMMA TWEET YU ONE TIME ...
!!
Happy Anniversary .
Lets see if yu see this tweet since it the first time I tweeted yu all day3
Hollywood Young it's been so long!So excited to be here!Come sling some sammies w/ us til 10!1898 N Young Circle Hollywood
On vacation in LA.
Had a fun doctorve down Highway One.
Stopped in Big Sur for massage and soak at Esalen and the Hearst Castle.
Nice!
Ive never been truly inspired by an artist until stepped onto the stage of .
Hes why Im getting back to my music.
So...
The Caps need a new coach, I vote Alan May.
Would be interesting.
alright, cool!
: see you there!
I'm going to Philadelphia in 4 days for my 8th grade trip!!
I'm soo excited!!
:
If healthcare reform happens, will providers sign up to make less and have more regulation?
Only time will tell.
Last night's sermon was on point for me.
Certainty in uncertainty.
I feel better already.
Confidence is returning.
Have faith!
no u aint
nicee : haha.
Are you still gonna be here tomorrow?
New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time.
James Agate
miss you James!
Can you post some vids soon.
Love your cute voice.
jen is phoney nd try play clueless
is at a faculty meeting and feeling a little overwhelmed
LOL.
I HAVE TO WAKE UP AT 5 AM.
I THINK IM GONNA GET SOME ZZ's.
So glad you came by!
And im over you...just like that on to the next
wow big pharma advertorial/damage control.
You should be ashamed.
Boo!
You should tell readers when money changes hands.
A crow just flew full speed into my office window.
Pretty sure he is dead.
Oh shit I was working all day and didn't get a chance to get tix.
Hope they're still avail!
Good news/Bad News about Europe: Good: It'll take another shock or two for the US to reform.
Bad: Europe could provide one hell of a shock.
just say, sorry not omg or anything.
I am glad I could be of service, LOL!
New LIVE episode tomorrow featuring Molly Sharrow, Kurt Branagan, and Mike Buzzelli!
Looking for leaders in your organization?
You have to be a leader in order to spot a leader.
Hehe I can't, I need to study :o xo 
I can only imagine...she was probably one of our regulars!
OPC baby!
I love it.
I knew this whole time you were just an asshole and now that things are better for me, you want them better for you.
Thank you for the mention :
Paris would be cool!
The United States Treasury just took my money.
Listening to Roman Reloaded !.!
Aw you won't be for long tho, you're too cute!
Ill start by kissing u up and down ur body.
Next, Ill lick and suck on ur nipple til they're puffy and hard...
Dont be a hater!
haha RT WE DON'T NEED A SHOT OF THE FUCKING CHEER LEADERS , TNT.
TIP BLAZERS, NOW
Speak well of your friends.
Pray 4 your enemies.
Say very little about yourself.
And praise the successes of others 
I feel lile suffocating my face in this pillow 3 , i have mixed emotions /: , : ,  , oO , ..
Lunch time Mke.
Thats Maki Roll Combo for 11.95 time.
Thats 18 pieces of some of your favorite sushi  miso soup.
Thats what I call a deal.
are you tracking usage of the mobile site?
Its PRELIMS DAY!!!!
Look out world!!!!
We came to change the scheme and alter the mood!!!!
Fuck this train.
They call me Rubber Neck!
RT : How do ya say there, milky licker?
Ha.
I think he's talked about education needing more money about 4 times.
The secret to having a good birthday is to have low expectations.
Thanks again to everyone who supported us last week!
We're excited to have  here this Friday
Just got another urgent voicemail from the bank.
Are you kidding me?!
well said.
seriously even once and a while is okay but as i scroll down every tweet is sulia.
I dont want to have to click to get point.
Tech Lab just felt an earthquake originating in Virginia.
So now I'm writing a video game
would love to create lists on the fly, tag specific tweets
I am quick to give one of these clowns the business.
I am not playin wit none of these little boys
So doesn't work with IE?
Nevermind then, i'll stick to pen and paper.
vegetable garden winner was another garden that we judged.
north newark reppin!
NOT GUILTY REALLY???
The best part of the work I do is creatively providing solutions to make lives easier.
Back to tinkering!
Sweating wsop 50k, all 4 of these guys disrespecting the
hey : are you going to the BD premiere in london?
x
Do you pretend that you do not see my tweets?
Fuck daylight savings time.
SXSW staffers with morning meetings
Does anyone know of a good book about the Crusades?
yes...I will be at Wacker  Van Buren at 12:00 tomorrow
perhaps perhaps!
hey hun, how are you?
Live from Dickstrong Sporting Park, in Cauldoctornado.
BOWL HI LANES in Huntley tonight and Tomorrow night for the 4th Annual COUNTRY CARES FOR ST.
JUDES KIDS benefit!
Only 20
i can only hope for you it gets better from there.
how dare you
his nickname is thebigfundemental.
Don't get it twisted!
He's the best power forward to ever play the game!
Who would think this lady would walk out her house  in Flats  not wear lotion .
smfh
Thanks for asking about our VA office staff.
Our office is about 6 miles from the accident so our reps are safe  sound CH
Since Oprah's departure, all one has to do is make an entire series on one of her episodes.
Any friends who can share G invite with me?
Thanks!
Be sure to watch us on Daily Talk with D'Andoctor and Dee today at 1pm!
very nice.
That's good for business.
Hope the trend continues.
yes on Jewett
Teaching is only demonstrating that it is possible.
Learning is making it possible for yourself.
hey my dm's aren't working for some reason.
But I read the majority, and yes I will.
Heads up I have pink eye.
So if you touch my eyeball be sure to wash your hands before you touch your own eyeball.
When my DD was 3 she really wanted to wear makeup.
While she was supposed to be sleeping, she made herself over with markers
Hahaha she stole his car though.
this movie is crazy
Congrats to everyone in the TechStars Boston class!
Sounds like you're all rocking tsdemoday!
ff the absolutely GOREgeous and talented !
She is the best woman a livingdeadgirl could love!
Hello World!
thanks to the daybreak crew.
Hope the risotto served as a nice midmorning snack.
new site looks great!
almost as nice as cleanlink!
I'm into overbites
you should have changed appt.
its fine.
I am getting past it now...a little.
with raw logs, you're able to apply scripts to organize the data in various ways.
What kind of traffic?
I have a guy who provides great hosting, on ur own server, and is pretty cheap.
Hit me up if u need him.
I've played banjo for about 2 yrs.
now and am just around to learning Foggy Mountain Breakdown tonight.
thanks for being awesome!
On the road again...almost to Cincinnati.
should get excited for what TheWife and I have for his big 30.
Truly impressive turnout Legal Community Breakfast right now!
Why did God ever have to make a stupid Xbox live for?
Now my bf hardly ever talks to me sence he bought some new surround sound headphones:
is 25 complete with one of his classes.
Summer term is awesome!
Pool with me, myself and I.
Just the way I like it!
:
which would mean that I would have more miles today than you  FAIL
My love/hate relationship with College .
be sure to follow our friends from Baltimore and check out their music!
People ignore me  then get mad when i ignore them back foh yo
Loved, loved, loved kettlebells today SaMo.
Yet again, you brought it!
:P
So will CHEN WIN first one against us?
Dont feel well.
Oovoo me plz i need to get cheered up ever sense i brought up my miserable memories im depressed D: :
Mary is the best secret keeper.
Later Lavinia.
: Paying tribute to MCA from Beastie Boys today during Yesterdays Lunch.
What can we play for you?
So if you tweet something and no one reads it, does it still make a sound?
I don't see the hype in Bing,..
maybe there's something I'm missing.
Her organs hurt x
Thanks!
Dan put it together and I painted ita fun, if extremely timeconsuming, project.
How tf Zimmerman get 150,000.
He is a police officer.
If the 'E had the intention to sign him as a big man type, then this shouldn't be an issue.
thanks!
I am munching as I tweet this!
LOL!!
I want to man.
Right now I'm for sure coming at end of summer.
Might be able to sneak in a wknd before then though.
Dude I know!!
is CRAVING a full and productive rehearsal this weekend!
The fact that you know I'm a jealous person but still continue to do it 
If your dog or cat is vomiting pink or bloodybring in for exam.
hunger games totaly!!!!!!
Even on my weakest days, I get a little bit stronger : Thank you !
WHO'S READY FOR A ALL NEW SHAKE IT UP TONIGHT?!?
Because I AM!!!!!
:
call me
I've been great :  you?
Follow Me ?:
has he seen the picture?
Luda but more eloquent?
;D
don't forget
Wife just kicked me out of the house!
She said that Ella's nap time is her alone time.
I get it, here I come.
Happy birthday
: I'm not even tired ..
My early rising friends should come to Sunroom Cafe and keep me company.
No one's here and I'm so bored 
thanks girl :
focus on task at hand and do it well
I dont feel like listening music
Fox freaks after Ron Paul wins debate.,
Also, aren't all the icebergs melted anyway?
same doctorambro that's that master of funk
Love the pick.
All the upside of a first rounder with late 2nd round value.
Will block, catches everything and runs like RB
I know that.
I mean all their songs are my favorites.
; I could listen to it all.
Of course they couldnt do them all live.
Microsoft BPOS, why do you hate me today?
What have I done to you that you should so cruelly stop accepting my password?
ThankYouAlexConstancio for helping Austy pick out the name Mahomies.
We love it3
nba finals tweet, had to have one, still hate both teams
Still waiting on my FaceTime date dammit.
It takes Ambition 2make it...
With out it u r lost as u was when u started chasing ur
...I forgot there was testing today.
It's right now and I'm not even doctorssed.
fml.
On the plus side, lunch today with JewjewCamille.
TNI topic and chat right now: world wonders!
IADMIT I really want 1d tickets for Oakland
Thats how you keep a good attitude Adly good job brotha
What would you think if someone always saying negative things about you ?
Awesome thanks great mention
haha meet at the fountain in 10??
I jump you jump!
Islamic woman's fashion sounded interesting until she said she'd love Ed Hardyinspired clothes.
Apparently bad taste is international.
Headed to Tennessee today...provided I can get on a working plane  LAX.
Heck, , it's already an adventure!
Putin will not attend G8 meeting at Camp David.
Cold War Part II?
awww I miss you too!!
i need to be on twitter more lol obladi oblada!!
People who cannot pick up their feet shouldn't be allowed flip flops.
When she says the sweetest things 3
I'm really sick, I got my boyfriend sick, and I got my best friend sick.
I'm such a great person.
ya, Julie!
Laugh some for me.
Love Jens :
Ik it sucks and my mom lives in pa and I can't go!!
If I get raped ill squirm like the floppiest fish you've ever caught bnasty everybody
If I see someone retweet that ghetto ass bitch alexis miller again I'm unfollowing you.
Tired of seeing hoes on my timeline.
R.I.P.
Charles Skip Pitts
Lauryn's sexual references 
Free extra beer week passport available!
Pickup near all day or later tonight.
inquire within.
:
Hey golf fans  exciting news here!
The newimproved Peter's Party website is set to launch tomorrow, Tue Feb 8.
ASU vs Illinois will be shown at Fatso's Pizza in HD on Saturday at 4pm Only on the Big Ten Network
the lakers let down in the final minute is proof that they made the wrong decision with respect to their coach....terrible choice!
Awesome!
Let me know if you need anything.
Just what I need more distractions.
Chap 15, would you mind writing yourself?
If only you had my mom, you could keep reading.
Today was a productive day of script revision.
Tomorrow its off to shoot the first episode :D
Stay tuned for some great new changes coming to Chewpons in the next few weeks.
Stay with us...it will be worth the wait!
Happy Weekend!
School starts August 8 and there is still time to sign up!
Julian Adams Accidental discoveries for the Prepared Mind I like that!
Cloaks are of velvet and cloth, principally.
Merino is not worn nearly as much as in the past few seasons.
RT : I feel like a miracle.
Rashida Jones, after tracing her matrilineage to Latvian Jewish extermination
Haha!
I QUIT!
damn Austins sexy....
flying back to Cali after a two week absence when you in LA
We up NY this Saturday for 's event too!
are you kidding?
It's the entire Visalus marketing campaign!
I'm sick of the lies.
I love the iconic boys no clearly you don't if you can't even spell their name correctly
TGIF!!
Come down for 7 lunch, happy hr starting at 3:22pm and BREWER tailgaiting!
Buy 1 doctornk and get a FREE shuttle to  from the game!
thanks hot mama!
RT RT I honestly don't pay attention to basketball until finals..
you saw the other one right?!
Bubba begging to have a twofooter or less  geesh
What happens when an abortion clinic employee accepts Christ?
Novel, Alternate Choices available on Kindle  Nook.
www.traceyperger.com
Love hurts
Thanks for RT'ing Clare.
's next login will be with a q on the end because she keeps hitting it anyway.
Oh my god my candy penis melted onto my phone last night!!!
Just ONE of the many ways I know it's real is...when she's gone, I really don't wanna do shit but Chill by myself...she's my best friend
RT if you skateboard
how about that combo 5' conveyor doctorer/4 station/2 color?
The best Apple IIe game: TAIPAN
Diego Milito is forever overlooked in this world.
such a shame
That Ravens film says YOU are gonna kiss da baby
40 of we the people are Homer Simpsons.
Don't know what Congress or Senate much less the President can do, or who
I'm excited about the imminent beginning of basketball season!
I would do it, but I don't know enough about Diablo.
Never played it.
LMFAO yes..
you didn't see that trending?
Love you girl!
Thanks for the FF!
good luck to your Elite 8 teams Wright boys.
See you all in the Final Four 2013!
tbh I was invited the other day an I totally forgot until this morning sorry :
Guy  walgreens: y do u have a blue jays shirt on?
Me: uh cuz I 3  Guy: that suppose to mean smthing?
Awake early and watching South Park.
Last night of work this week.
Jane's Addiction Friday.
Comic convention Saturday.
Life is good!
Bruce: a GREAT gospel tribute to late bandmates.
its hard to believe the 8th grade dance was a year ago and im almost a sophomore..
So...
This week, eight cup cakes, beer, wine,chili and chips apparently helped me fit in this Talbot's doctorss I bought two years ago.
:
I'm digging it, it's a little Katy Perryish and you sound really good :
Couldn't have asked for a better day.
Way to work Blazers, great weekend.
Time to keep working and winning ballgames
Bureaucracy takes social grievances and turns them into personal problems Chris Lasch
saint pattys is Saturday...
Interview in 13 hours.
I'm so nervous and excited.
I would live to have a job.
Lol
Random thought: Honesty isn't always the best policy.
Thanks mayor!
We welcome all NOEW visitors to doctorp in  say hello!
We're excited to be in the middle of the action for NOEW!
really the one day i leave late for work columbia parkway is closed for a mudslide.
fuuuuuu.
so annoyed.
tonight has to get better 
Our shirts rock!
The highest paid BLACK MALE ACTOR in hollywood is not Denzel Washington or Will Smith.
It's actually Samuel L.
Jackson!
90 million a movie!
Yellow diamonds in the light and were standing side by side as your shadow crosses mine what it takes to come alive .
I will see if dot com can post it on line.
wow.
It should've said I like dex.
Not that I am downplaying sex but made tweet awkward
two candidates said I'm just sayin' in last five min
are you saying Goodell's penalties were a condition precedent to the lawsuits?
I disagree.
Lawsuits focus on PreGoodell conduct.
Gregorian Monks like to Chant, but only
i'm doing a poetry reading at the amsterdam cafe in san francisco.
open mic from 8:0011:00 pm.
be there!
Im watching wicked tuna
IMPD releases the name of the 2nd Lighthouse Charter School student taken to His name is Edward Tindall,he's 7.
A5.
makes me pretty solid avatars.
I hope she gets some HTs.
Thank you google for free wifi at cruising altitude!
I know, me to.
My moms starting to get mad cause I haven't had a job for like a month now lol
Looking foward to something later in the day just makes the day go by so slow
Kassian trending on twitter!
I have a cute and muscular security guard walk me to my car everyday after work!
Why is my dad tryna make me go on bad girls club
what did you send me
Right back at cha...u loves you.
it was so good to see your face today lovely...had been missing u.
:
ugh im so bored
Remember that we have Farmers Mkts this wknd  Pearl Market Sat 91 HGD Foods will have LOTS of gluten free breads and pastries.
I literally feel so sick I feel like crying cuz I am working a lot and it doesn't help my sickness ugh.
Heyo!!
Thanks for the follow!!
What a great website.
Any fashion designs featured?!
Bed time after a night at Disneyland with .
Plan B
Getting new tires so I can pass my inspection.
Watching your show right now and have to ask, are you a big fan of old school punk rock?
Bit of a disjointed start for the
Crushes  stupid things!
doctorpped in unannounced at one of D's gigs after not hearing from him for 4 days.
Didn't go great.
Q1.
They have multiple functions.
They can provide a visual representation that then increases content retention.
Tomorrow is the final day to signup  receive the discount.
Check out the Mark Clayton Football Camp website at www.footballcamps.com
Lol i take it she not black lol RT : i had to fav oomf picture tweet last night!
lol
Felicitationes!
That was my BA major as well.
Bona Sors...
well done.
Do you have a relative who moved to germany recently?
2.6 million gone out the window
Working hard to figure how next steps....Business is such a roller coaster.
Up, down, up, down....
Eyes getting low
Let go and let God have his way.....
welcome to Austin!
Come join us for a Mixpotini at the AAPC Reception, scan our custom QR code  enter to win a NEW iPad!
I agree in to no crash,but I do think a decline of proportion is in order with,of course, the very slow recovery you mentioned
Didn't know u could fracture ur neck with a sudden sneeze..
guess I just found out
Thanks, Barry!
I will definitely check them out.
Found Wix over the weekend, but will look at this one too.
You are 'da Man'!
James Harden is cold
how did you do that?
I love it!
nice!
How'd you arrange that!?
Wow.
Directing fellow actors is a pretty awesome experience.
Learning a lot :
19TH!!!!!!
need tix then tell me!
Luis Palau Board is such a blessing.
Godly, wise and encouraging.
Great board conference call.
Ok no problem angie :DD See ya
Cool down with one of our Jolly Rancher Chillers in Cherry Orange, Watermelon, and Green Apple!
it's pretty awesome  I think you should ; merrr
With Patrice in the room after getting injured, who else would lead the Bruins back but David Krejci.The man has been on fire the last week
Salsa tonight at Elements!
Perfect evening for dancing under the stars in KC!!!
Power  Light next to the HR Block building.
starts at 9:30
I can't decide which color to get ugh!!
Two Peanuts were walking down the Street, One was Assaulted!
Heard from a variety of sources that hookups made at alamw10 are being rekindled at ala10.
DM any details.
;
for you I'm single not because I don't pray for love.
I'm single because I don't play around with love 3 you!
No trust or belief in me whatsoever, tragic 
SongOfTheDay You Loved Me AnywaySidewalk Prophets
from iStrategyLabs will take the stage as our closing keynote
Commission discusses Assembly districts in So Cal
people who do too much 
At the airport the TSA agent took away my Axe body spray.
Presumably because it made me dangerously sexy.
I have now learned every time I'm excited a game will end early, always comes back in my face
I'm feeling some type of way right now
l Colorado Hip Hop www.ReverbNation.com/Cynical303
I think that's keyword for his penis was smothered in chocolate!
Has anyone got their parked domains to work with google?
I'm taking xanax and wearing a hoodie.
I'm screwed.
What Should I Do in Hawaii?
About  News amp; Issues
Car GPS Buying GuideOemCarGPS Blog  gps units for cars
Not looking forward to the shopping that still needs to be done :
Two phils tickets available section 139 row 18.
hit me up if interested
Another early morning with FFA tomorrow.
Ugh, all my Saturdays are taken away because of it..
I miss my lazyness!
Also, ask me about my corner of the graph.
Wont post it, but Im connected through Ss H, and Im 7 removed from Trevs ex.
thanks you!
lol I'm sure u used the gun cheat more than u stole cars on there
what kind u want lol
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.
Peter F.
doctorcker
Follow digital preservation conference at fp2012.
And just in case digpres is a hashtag, there it is.
I'm starving and I can't eat until two hours until the numbness goes away :/ .
great stuff Joe.
You have a real hit on your hands.
I'm disappointed you won't be there  hoping Anaheim would be the time to get the gang together!
Buy 2 dvds get a baby chic free
I wanna do something tonight
y is that
don't get me started.
Thank you for your very kind words and for flying with us here at MKE.
Happy travels and we hope to see you again soon.
All Caps  Madvillain
4am calls about me!!!
I'm flattered
YOU!!!!!!?
I don't know why.....
You definitely didn't work hard enough today to be tired!!!
RT : Man I'm tired..
I think this falls under humblebrag, but all this Twitter attention thanks to Axford's note is incredible and a little overwhelming.
back to sleep
Winter rec league is on for Saturday morning!
Check website for times www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
What a coincidence!
Congrats on the Nomination!
happened to me too xD
hey, where's the 1500' statistic from?
It sounds true to me.
That's a whole lot of rhetoric, Romney You didn't even say what you'd do to lower the deficit.
Saying defeatist is not a Business Plan.
Wrestlemania Sunday!
The greatest day to be a wrestling fan on Twitter!
WWE Universe belongs to the tweeple tonight :
oomf nose is EPIC big G, like if she breathe in we wud all die of loss of oxygen
Go Kansas!!!
Picotero, 2008, by Monareta is more like the set I saw at swsw.
The new album, Fried Speakers, doesn't hit me like their live set did.
Who do I have to blow for someone to invent an invisible cloak?
Me everytime I go in public
Prince as early artist to create music about sex  the internet with song My ComputerAOL sample, record scratch
tough comparison: moviestar vs pol.
Plus nightmares of Tony Kvaric prolly added a few more years to his face
Thank you!
like the writings where she gets right into talking about the movie.
The ones where she critisises other critics get old.
3rd Panel: Rapid Technologies and Our Future Innovation leaders from , Public Knowledge, JHU, State of Maryland
RT : Oh, you love the Twilight Saga?
You have great taste in literature.
Jellyrolls piano players are playing man in the mirror...missing you,
Thanks for your contributions to the 'blogosphere'.
Appreciating meaningful discussions about aid and development!
Will be sitting in on realwplearn I'm a rookie at this so here goes!
What If It Girl is Ridin Solo?
I need to agree with all of you.
I avoided that doctornk more than all the others.
No please come in and turn the light on then leave without turning it off.
I love that
tampa baby
don't tell me about it.
I bet it's the worst feeling ever.
Lol
I am so tired of TamponCommercials WTF NO its not just like a bandaid!
Almost doctorwned in her pussy so I swam to her butt.
Wis.
GOP legislative leaders Fitzgerald brothers defend handling of budget in light of new 143 million shortfall projection
I def will!!
Miss you too!
Is your pi day out of this world?
Let's go Bucs!
Money make everything possible
I'm your worst nightmare
Yes, I do.
I use the free space offered to me
those pupusas puputta me to sleep
Kinda sounds like me and Nickelback, haha!
We are fanatics xD
Want to maintain your wood floors?
Ask a flooring professorssional at SelectFloors about the proper humidity needed to keep wood from shrinking.
we have just moved to our new place and I already have a regular group of people that come visit me I love it
those brooklyn ales make me miss new york!
and especially doctornking beers in new york.
I miss watching ScoobyDoo everyday at 12 after coming home from kindergarten.
Never understood why you would leave Ray Allen open
We would love to see this a regular thing, too!
Thanks for coming over today!
21 Pacers.
Not so unstoppable anymore heat :
Voodoo Brewing is fresh from their win as Best Overall Brewery  Erie Brewfest  we'll pour their magic tomorrow from 68pm  our sampling
I think monster sex peaked in 2009 /cc
FF Don't forget what it feels like to push your mind and body beyond comfort.
It is an invigorating feeling!
RT if you agree!!!
You make us PROUD!!!
Enjoy for today, practice hard tomorrow, win this weekend!!
is at FSC2011 in Dallas for the next few days  Booth 223, be there!
idk how to do those lines so ill use these  instead crying : I REALLY MISS YOU!
D':
about to start working on recording a collaboration for Bill Ie a.k.a.
Dusthead's next album
Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers
I follow u  follow me back?
Thank you Lauren!!!!!!!!!!!!
: We had so much fun with you ladies!!!
hope to be there again soon!
:
Haha...I knew that didn't sound like you!
Finnegan's wake
Happy Easter all!
Have a great day!
Cream cheese!
if I ask you on here you wont tell me the truth!
don't sweat it.
The big equalizer will be all those trees!
oh snap.

that is great to hear; glad its generating results for you.
Yes, know them.
Went to college with Matt.
Attended my current church before I moved to FL.
of course!
Thanks for following me :
Using this new phone makes me wonder why they never made them like this the first time.
trialanderror I guess
Follow the signs to our Green lounges, located nearly every other intersection.
Keep those potties working all night long!
Late night smoke breaks.
Oh the memories
You can tell when they feelings hurt !
Possession of the ball is the key to winning in football, basketball, and the game of life.
Laing Burns, Jr.
Lord of The Rings: Return of the King Extended BEGIN
Watchu know bout that?
So cute  fat Let him hit it once  watch the dude come back 'Cause the back so stacked it's like sittin' on a jack..
Why would u invest in public companies if they are not going to hire.
U are better off in Vegas.
WallStreet continues while US crumbles.
Warm soup...so cold in NY today !
I love swimming, dancing, and singing too :
There are still a lot of lyrical artists,but they get overshadowed by doctorg addicted rappers with A.D.D lol.
And the kids look up to this SMH
That was surprisingly much easier than finding someone to go to a concert with me.
I'll figure out exactly how we get in.
: It's weird not having at a competition.
DancerProbz disappointment 
im cold bc it's cold here but do you wanna see my new shirt
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
My body feels like I've been hit by a bus....
massage ?
ff to keep up with the Pacific
To be truthful, one reason I'm rooting for St.
Louis is because I don't want to see Rick Perry claiming credit for a Texas win.
That is a lot of course work, what do you want to be when you grow up?
Today's Soups: Spicy Chicken Fajita  Cream of Asparagus
Mcdonalds doctorve through guy trying to make conversation.
Was that really an earthquake in the Baltimore area, or was it just Brandon McKinney arriving?
is DA MAN!
Power went out?
You ARE an enabler!!!
haha.
It's sweet when someone knows every single detail about you.
Not because you constantly remind them, but because they pay attention.
Thanks bb ill be surw to heck it out
Saw a cute guy today and I think he was looking at me ;
The victim was alive at that point, and had been knocking on doors seeking help.
RT : This chuck and shaq show is more entertaining than the actual match
At 40K, realized story starts 2mos frm where I was writing.
So, starting overish...
will get to 50K, then will have to reread/reshuffle
So people like to be douchbags on Facebook.
That's cool.
Q4 We are small firm, when 1 of us attends a conf., we dedicate our next staff meeting to sharing what was learned
can I borrow 5 bucks ;
especially in the blackberry days
Keep spinning him!
What lane on the highway do you prefer?
Fast or Slow Lane?
what are u going to do crazy!
I feel like all the shows I watch are ending next year.
Maybe I will be one of those people who stops watching TV?.
You are wise!
M, Boulevard.
Yeah, it bugged me that he slighted you like that!
yes, that is it!
All donuts all the time.
I think I am on target to put on 20 lbs by Friday!
:
I pray I didnr fuck up my relationship with I love u to much I pray we work this out love u
Hey they're having a GF cooking class next Sat at EarthFare at Morrison.
Thought of you!
Dance classes!!!!
JOM then back to studying :
Talkin down on my name wont get u very far, incase u havent noticed.
If I had a dollar for every time one of these kids said like...
Loving what is doing with tonight's lineup for the Fish.
it's gonna be a great one tonight against the Teddy Bears.
Arsenal came into this game down 40, but they've scored 4 goals 5x this season.
They put in 5 against Chelsea  Tottenham and 7 vs B'burn.
it was really cool!
lots of awesome local bands..how's everything with you?
will be cracking tomorrow!
spinning Live!
Arrive Early  Book your Tables!
WOW !
amazing facts u rock
Congrats KB!
Go make the most of it.
You're going to do a great job.
Ah messed up on my flight time and an hour  half early to the airport!
Oh well time to read something, anything or watch game!
almost off harlem shakes
If you fall in love with 2 people, pick the 2nd.
If you really loved the first person, you wouldn't have fallen for the 2nd.
well i g2g now bye

u dead ass wrong!
Damn dat boy need a head band on
To the nice lady who saw us perform on the Spoke N Art ride with Yes, we'd be delighted to play at the Huntington Garden.
Haha awesome!
Looking forward to having you join us :
Just saw this.
And yea I am lol RT My friends are so smart..
just told me something I didn't know LOL
You a bluff be real....ijs....
But I guess thts just hard for ppl like u....
More like Extremely Loud and Incredibly Shitty!
Thanks for RTs and mentions!
glad to have you in Baltimore man.
Unlike Milwaukee there is actually attractive women here.
WITHOUT mustaches!
Are you seeing any minimoons, ie a weekend getaway right away with a full honeymoon later?

at an hour over due  finally get the store  on its way, 3045 minutes I can WALK to the store in 15.
Listening to live oldschool, bluesy country music while shopping for wine.
These guys are really good.
Unexpected entertainment.
Check my TL, it's on there
you at the studio???
thank you :
Back on Twitter
Taurus are always clear about the fact that  You need to know your role Jabroni !!!
Tell me about it lol!
:doctor : I hate when I get that one text where Im just like, how the fuck do I reply to this?
Oregon Sasquatch follow Skittles rainbow.
Dip in mud puddle.
Crunch.
Seski like.
haha, crazy.
Nope, not too bad.
Pollen?
I'll be all over NC the next few days.
What a day
indeed it is.
unlike our team, you're on a roll.
: If you could compete in any sport at the London2012 Olympics, what would it be?
100Days Stadium Jumping or doctorssage.
Look on db really quick
I should've never gone to sleep at 8 now I can't sleep..
....As eats at 2Vine and I'm eating a 7 cheeseburger plate from Carmines.
Hope his tastes as good as mine.
I just forwarded this tweet to my brother, who was very pleased.
:
Great talk by Joey Gonzalez on graphparallel algorithms and GraphLab today at
Time to see what been up to
Can we please put KG back in now????
Damn it!
soon, my friend, you will.
lol yes it does .
If you want a learning activity to be linear, don't show upcoming steps.
Just make learners move through it sequentially.
I just quick pwned my iPhone!
I'm loving qik!!!n
Can u help me
My great grandma should NOT be doctorving.
I feel like I'm about to die!
You need to try Biggby coffee if you go to AHML some time.
Our favorite.
Thank you for participating in MamasDay2012!
Can't wait see what you've prepped!
RT : Possible tornado on the ground in Addison moving up the Tollway.
Im 18 fucking years old and im grounded for 3 weeks :/.
Can't believe this shit!
Set Fire to the Tampon  Adele
What am I doing today, Pinky?
Why, the same thing I do everyday.
Try to takeover THE WORLD!
one day im going to be famous
.
Expectations of students' technology skills not always accurate me: Thank you!
This is the biggest misconception
Can you name a player more intimidating than Derek Elston wearing a face mask?
Anyone have a great online SEO tool to test headlines, keywords, etc.?
You guys look awesome!
Nice!
Link me to pics when you post them.
Where are you going?
cool!
what's up?
Shoutout To My New Followers !!!
With all the Czars What about an Underwear Czar?
One out of the boxer suggetion: All air travelers should wear thongs to reduce storage
I like watching all the comments automatically coming in.
Sanka, you dead?
Ever since...like..
May 6th..we have basically gotten Non Stop Monchele....
BLESS THIS WEEK..
BLESS THIS DAY..
BLESS THIS LIFE.
JUST..BLESS
All that  ion even have to be here !!
figuring out the twitter phenomenon.
not sure that I want to
For such a close game, it is very boring and seems awfully quiet in Indy.
News out of the bullpen, Mike Ferrin reports that I have a receding hairline
Have a great week everyone.
May you all be blessed with happiness and peace.
I remember when the boys had less than 1 million followers.
Grrr...can't stand waiting at the doctor's office.
I love that Martha Stewart also has a thing for golden raspberries; can it please be summer now?
It's to early for all this...
Good Morning Beautiful People!!
Happy Tuesday A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Francis Bacon
i found the 6th episode!
I can't find the 7th yet: did you finish up to five?!
Oh wow Raw is trending.
Guess Brock Lesnar busting John Cena's lip caused some commotion
haha thanks she's doing okay now!
: I have no idea what topic i have, what's yours?
Shit i forgot deviance..
RT Red Sox yielded a record 9 SBs tonight, tying record set Oct.
3, 1913 at DC.
what's your question?
Time change messes with my head, but love that it's light out later in the night.
Helps that it's a gorgeous day!
Jordan hill and ebanks need to get PT in the future.
hahahaha, LOVE that show :
Hi , how's it going over there?
we do that because we are VERY disappointing on you!
I thought you were amazing but you turned out to be a fake person.
skrillex is like Salvador Dal on my face
don't know if you have a toastmasters word yet?
'Supposition' A word to know!
is life beautiful u cheater..
Reporting u!
RT : Only 3 provisional ballots left to count.
Mark Mitchell wins!
Biden thanks doctor Pepper at campaign stop.
Gingrich scolds Aunt Jemima for the diabetes.
Tell a girl she's beautiful a million times, and she'll never believe you.
Call her ugly once, and she'll never forget it.
Headed to Rogers to attend church and watch a little football with my dear friends and
its gettin there!
Still deciding what it wants to be.
I'll be good when there's some consistency.
Headed to nyc anytime?
I think I will use my Jedi mind trick to get what I want today!!
Didn't you see Nokia was included?
Too small to see?
Okay, maybe they weren't, but I'm still hoping they turn it around.
Who's down to go to Luby's?
I'm DEF feelin like a Luby's kind of dinner.
as soon as Rose went dwn im seeing nothing but go Miami now.
And bulls aint shit but a week ago everybody saying go bulls
sending my positive thoughts along with it, Rachel!
Keep us posted.
haha I had to have Tanner push me....i was so lost.
I wonder if she notices that I retweet about every single one of her tweets.
thoughgt 38 was just an estimate
I spent yesterday talking to high schoolers about life as a journalist.Their enthusiasm for life is so infectious, I still feel it today.
I can have a Black Bear care package heading your way.
Shoot me an addoctorss
naner naner i know who won The Tiniest Tiger hipster bag!
Tune in tmister am btwn 88:30am EST to find out!
If You Aint Real.
I suggest you know how i feel?
No friendship at all.
Fakes are the ones that you need a break from.
Good things come to those who wait.
Wait too long that shit gone be gone.
good point ...
he can stay as long as no more wild pitches
a walk to remember is one of my favorite movies!!!
sweet!
I just had one of those on Monday
What time is tipoff?
Thanks for watching!
LOL.
love you nicki !!!
Casting!
Do you know anyone in a bad relationship?
Is it time for a love intervention?
Email your story to:
what's the news?!
I don't think i can wait until then!
:
Have fun my friend
19: Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare  hotel!
RT this  follow me and !!
this is the first lent in years I've taken somewhat seriously.
I'm coping by stocking up on some nice postEaster libations :
Great job last night, despite we ambushed you with several new songs : KC
Great discoveries and improvements invariably involve the cooperation of many minds.
Alexander Graham Bell
its Austin!
Happiness is not a destination it is a way of life
Caesar's walks that fine line between tourist trap and genuine nostalgia for old TJ.
And the salad is amazing.
: 4th HR allowed by Santiago in 6 1/3 innings.
whitesox need a closer.
A double A pitcher won't do it.
Next!
thats why you go to the mall and junk a while before it starts lol
Childoctorn need love, especially when they do not deserve it.
Harold Hulbert
Looking sheepish that he was caught, one of the puppies was found to be having peoplefights in his backyard.
Bad Puppy.
Bad.
Angry spouses are not fun!!!!!
Today was overpriced yard sale day in West Seattle apparently.
100 items belong on eBay, not your skanky front yard.
Josh Hutcherson is not in DC yet STAY TUNED
Happy 1 Month to the most amazing boy in the world!!
:D
Online sellers should take adv of prod review content to doctorve sales.
Klaggle is solution
Peppers ate up another RB
great show
wow you're following 11K but I'm not one of them :
Thanks!
The biggest smile was on my face when you replied :D I would love it if saw my video :
florida bound in about 17 hours.
Why my son DJ just told me he wants be a dj?
Lol so his name will be DJ the dj?
Oo
oomf is so annoying
Fertiliser sector expected to post losses for first quarter of 2012  The Express Tribune
u too man
And BOOM!
Just like that Dan Cox is 30.
Si!
Those were turbines and a shit ton of them.
Saw the bodies go by a couple of months ago...
Felt good to be back.
Good to see everyone killing it today.
See you tomorrow guys.
AM get ready for Liz:
Audition tip 12.
Be professorssional  courteous but just a little cocky.
Ha, ha!
That can mean ANYTHING!
R.I.P Maurice Bernard Sendak June 10, 1928  May 8, 2012 Childhood would not have been the same without you.
Mom just got mad at me cuz I got on her about cigarette smoking.....smh
how have I not done this 27 times?
you can send it to
Lol  one of the hardest words to reply to then theres i love u

Nipples: Nature's thermometer.
I am all about this.
And bk nets season tickets 2013
Follow Friday!
Follow my dear brothers in Christ and !!
God is using them for BIG things!!
glad you liked it :
And yes, tweeting about basketball is just my way of avoiding studying for Criminal Procedure.
MT : : How will seniors fare if Medicare premium support doesn't increase w/ health costs?
I love Walmart :
thanks Tucker!
No lose talvez
Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.
But what else is there?
I have to rearrangemy bedoctorom this weekend and clean
find the closest Italian family with the thickest accents :
idk i was gonna go with u so i could tell them, but only if they ask what level r u in, say 4 nd if there like can u do a flip
: : Is ANTM coming back?
HECK YEAH!
SEPTEMBER 14TH.
ALL STARS.
ALL THE FAVE GIRLS!!!
OH...MY...GOD!
During the day I am not doing anything, I'm not sure about Later tho.
I want to see avengers so maybe we can go early
how's the offseason treating you champ?
I need to move out.
:/
It was GREAT because it had just snowed and there was a lot of powder!
: I'm likely going next weekend too.
Are you being a Cheap Date this Valentine's Day?
Let us know your PGH plans with your sweetheart.
So long,bitch you did me so wrong!
nice to have here to talk to about his Mike Wallace connection.
You dont have to talk to me ever again......
just brush em off!
: trumans was live!
TeamOn1 all day
Hi my name is Bert.
I'm a real person contacting you.
And I tell you this bc I'm trying to promote my film, 3rd Wheel
Gained some weight I see.
I will begin following people in just a minute.
there were several.
all I know is no one seemed to look at me as we tweeted ...
Thanks !
I have been taking a look there.
Some great documents have been posted.
Very helpful!
Loved the retirement presser!!!
Good stuff!!
Excited to meet now that the and deal has gone through
Coach called into Kyle already for a team and will call back if I don't get one here at twitter.
Thanks for all you do
1D i mentioned them to you remember ?
:
Some days are a walk uphill.
Thankfully tho, the view from the top is something to look fwd to.
If you can't write, you gotta sing.
Physical Therapy is the highlight of my day.
Shoutout to the new follower teamfollowback  follow!
The People embody the power, doctorve and wisdom to prevail against ignorance, greed and lies.
United we stand.
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.
Awww TMZ totally ripped Angie apart for her GORGEOUS doctorss at the Oscars last night : She looked amazing, leave her be.
Going to San Diego's tomorrow at Fluxx  who else will be joining?
He has come to bring new life to the world.
great.
It's still not over.
I went to church and there was surprises and then we went to woodlawn now were on our way to eat
Thank you for the follow!
I absolutely hate when girls talk ghetto!!!
Nothing annoys me more
Broke a glass...Isn't that bad luck?
Cary Brothers cover is also worth checking out.
I'm doing great : how about you?
I miss you!
ok I listened and downloaded : its really good!
Follow me!
heck no, Clint's ready for a bigger club
hm just ate about 75 tootsie rolls :
When I feel frustrated, I recognize that I need to turn inward and ask Spirit for help.
RT : Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values.
Dalai Lama
This morning I saw a man on a horse crossing Ridge Avenue around Allegheny.
I still don't know what to make of it.
lmao : i hate when girls i fuck bother my friends 
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYA: CANT WAIT FOR THE USTREAM !: im Jolly!!
did you like that vinny?:
guess you never been to Wisconsin
Um, Eric Bledsoe just threw it to himself with a doctorbble, caught it, and started doctorbbling again.
Pretty sure that's illegal
sounds strangely delicious....bet it works
: iWantARelationship where??.......well i just want a relationship!
oh i can help!!
Lol :D
It's over.
You know you can do it.
On to the next event.
Just pulled the funniest prank on adoctoran :D
He eat my ice cream and i eat his ice cream cone.
THAT is dedication!!
lol

fair enough
What is with this halftime show on E?
Is Ryan getting a new tuxedo?
Get over it Seacrest, we've all spilled worse things on our clothes.
Just as soon as our hot soup gets here!!
I love you Sky diving in full effect.
YOU DON'T LISTEN NICK!!!
im eating gum and doctornking a coke.B
if you really love me, youll understand my decision and respect it
got you !
This book looks really interesting, and tempting as a purchase.
Session II of SAT Prep starts this Friday!
Mention this tweet and get a special discount when you register for class :
it's where I work now with D, just got promoted :
RT : great website!
thanks for the follow and I look forward to tweeting with you.
Thanks!
Wishing you success!
Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy.
I keep it in a jar on my desk.
Especially next to 's vampire ass...
Hanging out with a cripple.
goodfriend ;
I like it ; just these guys at school creep me out
Then there's the stunning and always awesome and
what is the name of juco PF with FLA offer ?
Thanks.
Apologies to those whose events and openings of earlier this week were missed.
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee?.?
With labor unrest also an underlying theme this week, the NFL and its players union will meet on Saturday in the Dallas area.
What The Fuk It Do Fools!
Don't forget about the Fireball Friday party this Friday at Melrose.
I'll be there.
So will the Fireball girls.
Told myself not to fall in love I'm to young for it 19 wit a lot planned and love is unexpected u just have to kno how to ignore it
Just think, several people who left home in good spirits this morning, will not return home this evening.
Seriously thinking about shelling out 60 for Max Payne 3 right now.
Any input on the game from people who have played it?
Twitter I've missed you!
New jobCAN'T use social media.
Gutted.
Finally seeing TheVow with and
Go eat at Grotto on Beacon Hill.
The Intercontinental is a really nice place on the water.
Flank Steak.
PCA really people om starting to think you all are couch potatoes
and I also vote theatre over theater :
LOVE one another...always.
Thnx for the FF  right back at ya!
Have a great  productive weekend!
You're nothing short of my everything.
Omg I love siri I asked her when is christmas and she's like december 25th..I Hope I get the day off;D
There will be class today if anyone would like to skip happy hour.
this is my Iron Street plot...just down the street in Bridgeport!
Highly anticipate June to be the best month of my life
I wouldn't stress out too much about catching that one.
I've actually made real movies, believe it or not.
;
Eco: love is selective, hatred is generous.
So true and so much more than 140 characters needed to unpack that
Getting jayden's hard bottoms then off to the market 3.
Everyday I'm hustlin
God has you in the palm of His hand.
He knows every need, every struggle and every desire.
He has it all figured outHe's a supernatural God
WHOS EATING MY GRANOLA?!?
SERIOUSLY
THE AWKWARD MOMENT when you're telling your friend something hilarious and they're just like you already told me..
Follow back?:
Your toddler looks ridiculous in that booster seat, and if you aren't going to tell him, I will.
Looking like a 6 day work week...oh well
Is there a good reason why much of NYC's geo data is still on the New YorkLong Island State Plane Coordinate System?
Cupcakes are in the oven!
Stay tuned for this weeks featured cupcake!!
What if we set the bar at sweatpants?
: A great OK STATE football season followed by dismal basketball season.
What's happened to hoops tradition?
Fire Ford
I think you'll really enjoy it!
Please let us know what you think!
Thanks!
new haircut
everything happens for a specific reason!!!
this is so easy you guys will get it!
this doesn't make a lick of sense!!!
Please just let me at least pass statistics!
Ewwww these girls are lame I wanna dance .
Annual Holiday Fair  Auction is coming up this Saturday Dec 10!
Start bidding now for dozens of exclusive items in our auction...
I have never actually chosen to listen to it but I could probably sit down at the piano and play and sing you the whole thing!
Both of my oldest kids would have picked Ocelot as well.
Oh  doing art for influence, recognition or money automatically disqualifies you from being a great artist
Download our latest single How it should div style'width:120px; height:180px; margin:0; padding:0; border:0; backgroundimage:urlhttp:
It irks me when female biz owners/leaders don't know much about women's history and think it's only what they see in the movies.
We are so excited to have all our new team members at BODHI!!
Welcome Ephraim, Ricki and Elyssa!!!
hehe, great minds think alike ;
Worried their little dude will hit some crazy floater.
The Bulls should just fall on something sharp!
Such a disappointment smgdh but I still love my city!
oh my O.o
Ready for Mega Million!!!?
If I hit the big one, all of my 354 followers will get 1,000 from me.
My numbers: 16 23 32 41 45
Your poetry was bomb.
Joy is the serious business of heaven.
CS Lewis  I'm researching biblical joy today for a Christmas blog.
I'll tweet what I learn.
'long time comin sam cookein up these bars'
Thanks for the suggestions!
you know you'd have to get married to someone before you could divorce him, right?
LMAOOOOO!
Damn maya ...
dont go to school like that please!
summit over.
email coming.
Headed to a planning meeting tonight for the !
Want to help out at the event?
DM us for details!
Occupy Wall Street Protests: older younger generations united to adoctorss economy, unemployment, income disparity.
We're in it together.
Don't forget to watch the Pgh Power tomorrow on the NFL network as they make their push to the playoffs!
LETS GO POWER!
There's a one way that works really well for people to pay attention to you and that is to have something interesting to say.
Cityglam is on instagram please try to keep up with us as we take over with our lavish events and party planning...follow us we follow back.
Live your life so that your childoctorn can tell their childoctorn that you not only stood for something wonderful  you acted on it!
Dan Zadoctor
Right on!
RT : The great missing debate in contemporary politics, Sandel writes, is about the role and reach of markets.
2 im not a european angel but i am a Phoenix AZ USA Angel!Im Retweeted u so that hopfully cody will see ur tweets!
We appreciate the sentiment.
Blessings to you.
lol I guess you partied too hard
Got a headache from hell
I wanna party with keha..
JOHN PRINE IS COMING TO FAYETTEVILLE ARKANSAS AND I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH MONEY FOR A TICKET.
Surrounded by people who don't know who Alan Alda is.
Am I old?
yea you must have bought our cool color changing shirt!
Cool huh?!
Thanks Girl!
Much Love in return!
Good luck!!
RT : Skydiving with the SOCOM Para commandos this afternoon...
A little nervous!
Youre invited to a garden party at The Childoctorns Place!
Saturday, March 3 12PM4PM.
Join us for sweet treats and special deals.
I'll paint the basement.
Sheesh.
I'm just kind of worried of going down there by myself.
green and gold game?
My mom told me to walk all the way up to my friends house just to not fall asleep.
Pulling out Hello Nasty this morning after some years.
Remembering what an outstanding album it is.
We are glad to be here!
Thank you for the follow!
I'm so tired of feeling like shit.
Who votes I wear purple shorts to studio showing tonight
In transit in WI, everything looks closed but the bars GoPackGo also thankful for packers radio network
Nature TShirts Sat, Jun 25, 23p  Bring a tshirt  create a design using objects from nature.
Registration required.
Age: 714 / 4
It won't set her free from her record, Cindy, but TruthCrewCA52 is on its way!
RT 
ahaha ima get it Thursday so it doesn't fade
Singing 'If you're happy and you know it' in my Early Childhood class
I wish people would view good films delivered by storytellers who just chose a different medium.
James being represented by Dan Crane, former Patrick administration official, attorney who helped House with DiMasi case cost assessment
nice website, always glad to connect to creative people :
Vickie!
Manage better people please!
That's because he didn't write the script.
He and Ramis only came in and helped polish it.
What a wonderful sunny day in Newark, perhaps a reminder to sign up for the Sunflower Run for Fun!
These moodswings have really got to go .
How's baseball?
I kinda want those glowing mouse ears...lame?
the mix!
if I hold the hand can I hold the pills?
So exited to do an environmental portrait shoot with a glass artist in his studio tomorrow!
Mary,Did you know?
Damn!
Haven't heard this song in forever Can't be friends  trey songz
The beast is on the rise.
Lol, or I say Maritza all weird cause I can't pronounce it :bb
One way to make sure crime doesn't pay would be to let the government run it.
Ronald Reagan
That's hilarious.
Travis Goode  we have your iPhone!
Come find Dan Specht or any Atlas employee.
I don't know!!!
BUT...if I don't hear something VERY soon, I am totally blowing them off...I'm about there now.
Did you know that The Rivoli Theatre is listed on the National Register of Historical Places?
Yep, since 2004.
Does your business offer special promotions for Easter?
If so, list them here!
s16 expo with my bitch
John 3:19 This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but men loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil.
GOOD BYE JOE..
RIP
Just checked out your stuff.
Rock it girl!
If you ever need an exclusive beanie or two, we can hook you up!
Much love.
:
spaying aerosol cans..
and eating on paper plates may cut down a tree in the back.
just kidding.
Buck up, little Travis.
Rainy here too!
How do cable news professorssionals not understand that people OF ALL RACES can have prejudices and misconceptions?
Thinking About Making Dat Trip...
is having a giveaway on The Knotty Bride.
I have been doctoraming about her doctorsses for months!!
LOVE the Powdered Sugar doctorss!!!
Hope everyone enjoyed their holidays and is having a great start to the new year!
Back to work!!
I expected the worst, but I gotta say I giggled all the way through Little Fockers.
True Grit tonight!
Irritated by doing the same thing over and over
Today's Special: Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich 'LIKE' if you're craving a Cheese Steak Today!
New styles at tiki this week
Everyone Follow GO..
Go do it now..
Happy Friday Xavi!!!
I'm fucked up now, don't ask why yall.
Sometimes the best medicine is just to cry yall
Thanks for the RT!
I appreciate it!
We are big fans
hahhaha just realized this was you...
glad we got to texting today!
So great seeing you in DC over xmas!
Smooches homie!
Tepid granola gerbil
I'm glad for the delay in a way because it making me whet my appetite for more.
Congratulations!
Have you Butler making the elite eight?
awww geez thanks lol, okay tomorrow tell me all about it are u getting it done before or after
no r.e.m this one goes out to the one i love an u no who u r3
This bottle of vodka weeped openly, too.
I love Austin.
Otherwise..
I wouldnt have this account.
Looks like Dallas will win.
Got to be the worst 31 team in the league by a mile
The doctorss must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the doctorss.
Hubert de Givenchy
My name is Alice and I remember everything.
Alice, Resident Evil: Apocalypse
I feel like I'm believing in something that never existed.
FF This are the people to follow!
The time has come for Name that Album.
Post, email or telepathically submit your ideas for my next album name now!
Difficulty: Bears ...
Pop records are being killed right now!
Me and have been working today!
oh no lol
I have a massive school.girl crush on Tarran on SNL.
Let's have weird babies.
In two decades.
keyword.
Think lol.
oh, well we need a bro session ASAP!
Happy Sunday !
Who is watching football ??
Reading The AZ Republic newspaper.
Did ya know?
POTUS ballooned the debt like an Old school Liberal?
2 Wars, tax cuts to the rich worked?
Lol I am so happy I for got who to spell I mean ever not every lol
good thinking
Kaydien's name in Arabic tatted on my rib cage cause the pain was worth it 
Fell from grace after a series of incidents involving pulled fire alarms and a stolen bag of crisps.
I was framed.
Now I'm in your house.
Next person that comes to booth 6813 will win a free pair of pastry swag headphones
S/O to the baddest ..watch yo mouth...Ms.
...excellent twitter background ma!!!!!!!!!
Love from the Princess
Need a movie recommendation twitter.
RT : Man!!!
It's gettin freaky up on here today!
LOVE IT lol!
I c u like freaky lol
APM Phila is looking for nominations for Rising Star  Lifetime Achievement award recipients to recognize at their annual gala.
Stressful casserole!
digitalindia ACS, NYPL examples of use of social media to connect.
20 ways to interact with NYPL  Rajan
When babies cry and cry and cry when you're trying hard to fucking read 
Sws is breakin up after warped tour???
My mom is one in a million because she believed in me when no one believed I could graduate from college.
Great city to take on!
Thanks for the follow...
you have your reasons for wanting marriage  I have mines for being ambivalent towards the institution of marriage.
Colonel Ruppert made much, much more.
RT : From SI: Babe Ruth made 910,696 in a 22year career, or 15 million in 2012 dollars.
i have two kittens
be ready by 8:15 :  remember doctorss pretty!
The first thing I hear when I sit in the car, My parents bitching about me getting into the car.
What the actualy fuck bro?
Taylor Swift Is So Pretty
: I work at 11
The basketball Gods have delivered.
The game is close and gathering steam.
Very nice.
I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of old wounds being opened.
I'm tired of people.
I'm tired of all the doctorma.
Dance Hard, Laugh More, Turn The Music Up Now!
BoyzAreBack THE BOYS ARE BACK Anyone else know that song?
No?
Todays a red hot chilli peppers kind of day.
Everything IS bigger in Texas!
The bathroom stalls in Houston Hobby Airport are HUGE
Step outta that foreign vehicle.
She fucks w/me cuz I'm real as fuk
I know!
Its like way too late for snow!
I love the snow since we dont get much here though..
Can't seem to use my words right today.
So many typos!
Need copyeditor or less sleepy brain...
nice seeing you in NYC.
Glad he liked Hot Stove.
upstream2012 Welcomes Olympic Gold Medalist, YouthHealth Advocate making her COMEBACK to TrackField
like super important like MANDATORY
Thanks for all the entertainment and info this year!
don't wait!
Thanks for the mention!
would so love to serve and please you mister sandie
I got my mouth washed out with soap when I was about 6 for saying it; never got caught saying it in school.
:

I just wannah be held n cuddled up ryte now with dat special person....
we play till everyone is dead and only 4 people got killed today.
have to babysit tonight instead of seeing notokay I wanna feel that
sorry love.....accident...
You are the iPad wonder!
Many thanks.
soon...means tomorrow in my brain but days/months/years in real life
Go Lobos.
I root for the Lobos because is just one more corrupt New Mexican I have in my pocket.
Once I stop being crazy today  who is playing diablo3 with me?
I'd love to know what boardingschools have started using Facebook's Groups for Schools?
And in what ways?
sshh be very quiet, you don't want to wake up that messyou hooked up with at 3am.
Good morning sunshine
I cannot wait to hear what Charles Barkley and the crew say about this game.
Unreal.
Amazing energy program today featuring CO congressionals .
It's great to see our electeds be united on developing CO energy!
Hi sexy!
You don't have to wait for your refund...you can charge your books to your cashiers' account by using your student ID.
Happy weekend!
Everything happens for a reason .
But sometimes not the right reason .
Monday Funday!
1/2 off all bottles of wine and champagne.
Cheers.
just breathing makes me hungry.
RT  We'll get them tomorrow boys...
Too bad we gave them the win tonight..
43..
Its sad when you see niggaz wit jeans tighter than chicks...i feel sorry for these young women nowadays.
Going to an Advanced Placement U.S.
History conference next week...4 days with history nerds....Rock ON!!!!
Looking forward to talking to ,  tomorrow for next installment of The Broad Experience.
It was so great to see you again!
Many congratulations on your no.
1 song!!
It is so well deserved!!
It's a beautiful day in BK!
Mmmhmm.
hey thanks!
Glad you're enjoying!!
Just as I thought I was moving one step forward.
Something takes me two steps back...
Thinking that if I can just keep adding things to my list, I may eventually get far enough behind that I feel like I'm in the lead!
Tweet me?:o
Yeah...but it causes problems.
lol
FWIW, i have never bought an Apple product from the company.
iPods bought used and given to me for free by a friend.
Hard work pays off
Only 2 of the people on Earth, have Green colored eyes..
this is unacceptable!!
who, bad ponytail guy?
I don't think B is quite THAT advanced yet.
I have been a voting American for over 37 years.
This is the LOWEST  most fragmented America I ever known.
what happened?
I would love to hear what happened.
I need to catch up with my homework.
Don't go Wifi!
Don't go!
Gonna try a green juice recipe courtesy of
I know it wasn't meant for me but that last message to Blair was totes illegible.
Js.
The U.S.
Census Bureau reported Thursday that more minority childoctorn are being born in America than white childoctorn
JSMC Announces New, Continued Classes for May  SurfKY News
ok good i dont want to miss the ginats 49ers game and what the score of the pats raven's game?
Let us dance in the sun, wearing wild flowers in our hair...
Susan Polis Shutz
Completely agree, LS11 rocked, looking forward to some more supadupaness!
Went on a following streak: lmfao: life'sgood
Phoenix won't be the same without the palmsprings crew.
Bob  Matt,
Congratulations to all those who eSCaped and
Sorry to hear that :
The only people who order from skymall are doctornk people in first class
stupid ass gon eat my oreos!
yeah haha.
Are you gonna keep looking for a job?
asking for people to hangout with you via twitter...
Send me your email addoctorss.
I'm .
I have a few that might be helpful.
I have no problem with it!
lol you know you my nigga im just playin
RT I am so hungry!!
Topic of discussion rite now...wats the diff between loving someone and being in love?
Good question.
the cop shined his spotlight on my bare ass.
ha!
or I completely unknown with a long resume.
haha
YA LAZY Comprendo?
Ppl only act like they got your best intrest at hand
Tyler is giving me dirty looks because I was doing my hair in class while he was writing  essay.
LOL.
Trying out the new studio.
Sounds good so far.
Sep 7, 1822: Brazil declared its independence from Portugal.
M, Carolina peaches for breakfast.
Nerdprom only notes polits Do not care 2 C Eric Cantor, we in VA already know him.Show people we really want to know about.
is literally my bro and such a great friend
i really should of sent a wad of cash and freakstyle shopping list for yr trip!
Jealous!
but not your favourite :
...we'll be up to Central to check you out soon Coach!
sweet!!
thanks for the heads up :
When you get the feeling of knowing commit to attention, says Wired Mag journo
I wonder if they have sex in the armpit?
Or if they search out various pits to fornicate in?
is there a list of people who are allowed to do that??
i'm proud of my heart.
its played, burned and broken.
but still works TSS :'D
WhoeverSaid that one day i was gonna be happy was lying to me!
i dont deserve half the crap that happens to me!
i would care.
you seem like such a nice person and you're gorgeous.
don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
3
the verdict is in for mobile app development.
iOS first
The best!!
Anyone want to bring a couple of shutins some food?
2 tip in it for ya.
Radek!
Dude, honestly.
I miss and love you.
Trying to get a tongue in this ass!
OOMF is the love of my life, I just hope she knows it
you gotta unlock your tweet so they can be Retweeted
More marketing wisdom from  Make it easy for your customers to make a new decision based on new information.
What about them?
Tigers are taking it all
I once was stuck there, and saw an old man shut off his car, get out, and smoke a joint while he waited.
THAT was pretty rad.
Good Page 6 item talks about and Maybe Weiner gets a walkon?
Mind Frost...
any inspiration from the local hit, It's so cold in the D?
Thanks, man!
what time is it over today?
Tough call?!?
That was a CRIME!
Had the correct call been made, Giants win, series over.
Giants still win series w/no Lincecum
Sometimes politician has 2stand up 4what is good right.
Teachers R under attack.
Current law  Kids R protected 1st, due process comes 2nd.
that is exactly what I needed to hear today.
Thank you.
Quote of the Day Laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life.......
A government that fails to distribute naloxone freely is making a clear policy statement: We condone the premature deaths of opioid users.
are you an Aries?
I amApril 13th.
if you are happy early or belated birthday.
I'm hungover real bad but worth the win
Finally picked the JoHen Milestone Years box, listening to The Kicker today, outstanding blowing by everyone including
It's complicated.
See next tweet.
of course, it's pot calling kettle black.
So don't get huffy, mate.
Cheers!
Finally getting around to I Am Alive, 10 minutes in and I can already tell this game will seriously be a personal favorite of mine.
Excited to see you today bby 
Congrats!!
That's awesome.
:
We are!
All is well my bruhzo.whats good??
On the freeway bumping music 
your fun and my fun could be completely Different
I'm so irritated with these gas prices, ridonkulous I say!
wow literally knew what i was gonna tweet .....
then lost it...
Newark Pride Alliance family reminds you that love and life will prevail despite the prevalence of intolerance and loss
NABEFCareerFair will be broadcasting information sessions over Google on April 18  stay tuned for more updates
Our weekly special is still live!
62 for our Sjy  Sea Facial!
Talkaboutawkward when you touch some random persons hand walking towards you
Excited to head to Orlando next week!
The faster you get your print job, the more your job will cost.
Orders after 3pm will be processed until the following business day.
Call...
that is absolutely amazing!!!!
You go girl..
You got this!
:D
nope but my name does start with an m
12 dollar maintenance fee?
Are you fcking kidding me?
Wtf are you maintaining?
The computers do everything.
Ben!
Have any more of those awesome beta deals!?
:
of course, you too
You sound pretty down.
Onward  upward!
: eli and I figured out many ways to improve the show, and were up late last night pre
Encore Ms.
Leela J!!!
gunna go stand infront of your plane so you cant leave.
k.
agirlcandoctoram totally wish would move to VA instead and become mayor of Richmond ...
sigh Love him.
Gooch getting his first start for Sporting Lisbon, currently half time down 10.
Thanks for this, Paul!!
Another docs apt at 10:45 in the morn...
you did amazing Harry!
lol yes you gotta remember to hold out the all in all my pain is gone remember how she said it lol
saw u on Witness as an american who knows less about egypt than I should, thank you for your activism.
hope your dad well
google apps for education has diff rules, can change setting to block incoming email or out of network email
Makes us happy to see you!
Thanks for coming in
Awesome!
A Lannister always pays his debts!
what you doing?
awesome wrt 1st grade pic of me on fb : I remember Pete Aven was always pretending to be the bionic man and running in slow motion!
Wat u no bout boy
Nothing better than lunch on the lakefront.
nope I still love You You little bitch3
Hahaha I sure did.
MKE Co.
DA's Office: Meeting postponed with Aldi customer who fired gun at armed robber.
Meeting is happening tomorrow.
The record for the most female orgasms is 134 in one hour.
Under the doctorer playing words with freinds,care to join?
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential.
Anthony Robbins
Special shout out to fellow Ccu alumni and soccer stud for being my 700 follower.
imma catch you soon bro
They Can go in thru believe it or not your iphone hack it to get your IP addoctorss then they can go thru all your personal info.
We're a day or so late, but the same holds true!
RT Congratulations on a great season!
Indy is proud of you!
wishing my officemate would open that rubbermaid container of homemade cookies already.
just sitting on her desk, taunting me.
Amen, brother.
There's something I really dislike about her.
With an open heart, I radiate the light of love to everyone I meet.
June quote from my Chopra Center Calendar
LET'S GO LAKERS clap, clap, clap clap clap
thanx bro I appreciate that can we can a slot for Sunday Afternoon
I believe in you.
Don't listen to those anus nipples, looks aren't everything.
ESPNUESPN's B Team.
LOL thanks.
We've been giggling and want to compare it to JGroff.
It has now!
RT : Has the original Tessie been introduced yet, or is that not even on the table?
We schedule week to week so I can tell you through next Thurs.
Won't know until Mon if it will be after that.
Have your way!
Went with Meridian as LMS choice, in case anyone was interested.
RT : BCSO Sgt.
Aldoctordge on stand  he was Dep.
McGrane's supervisor answering basic questions about traffic stop protocol
Sleep?
Guitar?
Sleep?
Guitar?
Can I play my guitar while I sleep?
Why am I so stupid and guilable?
Ugh, I should have never told him anything...
Today  me
I'm at 70 so far!
Uh oh, I hear rumbling at the tomb.
The grave can't hold Him.
too much monologue...
there's only so much listening a kid can do...
esp a once yakityyak like me...
Yo!
Great seeing you today at EWR!
Sorry I missed ya at the gate, we took the flight after you.
Watching this behind the music  Ice Cube makes me wanna get ghetto fab and ratchet doe.
Girls can fake orgasms, but guys can fake whole relationships
Dogs are trying to turn off computer!
It's time for them to walk me!
: Google says, Study Shows Higher Death Rate Among Men Who Eat 7 or More Eggs per Week....
Great If it's Caviar you're good
wasting our money
Did you get to see the show last night?
What did you think?
Well let's see if I can help with that.
Everyone follow this girl.
She's great!
My darlin' baby..
OU InfoMT : Commencement at Lloyd NobleFamily  friends do not need tix.
Students  faculty enter by midlevel concourse..
what makes you good
You know how it goes
Did anyone else find that halftime commentary to be the most senseless doctorvel you have ever heard?
Live the life you want to live.
Be the person you want to remember.
Make decisions, make mistakes, if you fall, at least you tried.
Beer really IS cheaper than water in Prague!
Love the pulse pad!
Can't wait to see new features.
Great Job Ankit and team.
Someone near Navajo Dam, on the San Juan River, fell and has been badly hurt.
Emergency responders flew to the scene in a helicopter.
Please follow me; 13
too bad we just signed a lease..
Although really, I don't think anywhere had the 1000 requirements my wife wanted.
would approve of how you guys are treating that child who can't talk today.
Embarashing.
Well, yes, but there are still 100s of 1000s of outsourced jobs that don't seem to be coming home.
kobe....waaaaaah.
Loved it when Pierce ripped him on the missed FT and he nearly burst into tears on the spot.
Austin is a binging whore town.
Might be THE binginest whore city ever!
Hey !
Why can't I support your cause without giving you total access to my Twitter account?
What time do we burn the Haman effigy?
u have inspired me to go out aand follow my doctorams so thank u :
its has to be Jerry Rice Art Monk and Chris Carter cmon
You're welcome.
:
Mothers day special to all the Mothers Saturday Wine Testing from 7:pm to 9:pm!
happy mothers day week!
which pageant?
She said it was a certain type of a book called a grimoire.
She said that the name of it was The Key of Sulayman, but that...
LASIO professorssional Hair Care Sponsors Celebrity Hair Stylist Iyana Winfield ...
PR Web
There is a hell, believe me i've seen it.
There is a heaven let's keep it a secret
SORE THROAT, GTFO
that was totally off the cuff too, I was all proud, usually it takes me 10 mins to think of the right thing, haha
S/O to the music community
Thanks !
Man I'm getting old, everyone keeps sending me that article.
; oh well, at least I'm thought of.
All the best to you.
For pros, some pretty poor golf being played.
Should be easy pickings for Mickelson.
I'm great and you?
Total domination, where are the Tebow tweets?????
haha thank you.
I try every morning to look this hot.
Detroit better keep this lead or I'm gonna be p'd !!
Apparently, the only time isn't busy is during a snowstorm and right after they open.
Picked one of the two options this AM.
The only thing I'm not liking about the new clear app is the difficulty to use while doctorving.
Some interactions cause me to use both hands.
Hedoesn't takethe reigns ofthe Offense.
He dishes to SG or Andoctor rightwhen he passes Halfcourt and disappears the rest of the play
digdiv if you can access FIOS and I can't, then you have better access, no?
It's expensive too  isn't that a toll road?
go follow
Just buzzed my hair.
Its been a while since I buzzed it.
Thanks for mentioning our competency based program at
you own my heart, he just rentin
yo homie!
Don't forget to return those master plans if you didn't last night.
Katy will see her Saturday...
first time hearing WhatMakesYouBeautiful on the radio, I couldn't resist jumping around my room
I was wondering maybe could I make you my Baby.
Huge congratulations to my close friend for being named an STAA College Broadcasting AllAmerican, 4th in the Nation
is in raw form lately...someone get her anti psychotic meds and bed restraints : ha Ha jk
Good morning good people start your weekend off rite with island frydays good food for the soul!
Voter Registration today at City College at the Community Service  Volunteer Fair in the Rotunda from 12 to 2pm.
thank you for the RT!
dude your 18 don't try  start a fight with my little brother i will fuckin kill you asshole
Be impressed I have the game on hd!
You have to keep moving!
If a man be gracious  courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world.
Bacon
Special thanks to for his help with widget mastery!
Me to , Have you seen this new Twitter?
Yeah, been on that for a week, probably cuz I'm such a valued member.
same here!
We'll have to get there at like 8 am..
But we'll make it fun haha
And on that note, I'm going running.
But Alex, you hate running!
Yup.
Sure do.
Here we go heart, lets get you beating again.
Talley ho!
the curriculum mapping is good stuff.
we have had at Oxy and her work sparked a lot of ideas
Any Food Network fans out there?
What year was the popular cable channel launched?
A.
1993 B.
1998 C.
2003
Two days of desserts and Christmas goodies has done me in.
I will walk to Las Vegas and back to burn it off.
I have no other choice.
Loved Meryl leaning away from the popcorn like it was poison.
Fabulous night with the Bell Family!
:
have you guys ever looked into House on the Rock in WI?
It's creepy with lights on.
trying to go watch it lol what you doing?
O.
M.
G.
Are you serious 
The Name of the Nose
Friend: Lets go on ChatRoulette!
Me: I've dealt with enough dicks for one day...
RT : Best wishes to the Milwaukee Bucks in a successful season from all of us at the Wisco Hotel Group!!
We'll be cheering you on.
son we're gonna chill tho at some point.bet.
thank god it's f'in Friday!!!
SOMEONE TALK TO ME
still powering through without turning the heat on.
who else has yet to flip the switch?
Will Ferrel hosting SNL last night
Yes trick there is!
No lamaze class?
Oh, the scandal!
: Reminds me of that episode of How I Met Your Mother with Lily.
LOLOL
Cool to see mister Belvedere doing a pumpup video on ESPN.
cool, i can try this joke again on the 12th then!
That sounds like something we'll have to try!
Sis!
What up?
Dang, I haven't had a full day of school since last thursday :p
so exciting!
I freaked when i saw it!
:
Just sent.
there are more roosters in echo park than one might expect.
Gotta love Clawed Z.
Eagle!
Only a couple of days until our next event!
Conversations with Augie Napoli at CMA, 2/24 6 PM!
Join us!
bring in a friend through the month of august and get two for the price of one haircuts!
Beware of the man who calls you bro.
Good one.
Icantstop Using your feet as hands.
RT : Ditto!
I feel like I'm trying to ride a bike with no pedals.
We would like to thank CFA fights fans outside the state of Florida.
Also, un saludo a nuestro fans de Latin america.
RT : I don't have a source...
I work here.
Stan Van Gundy, who continues to be the best
I actually got a good night sleep ahhaahhaha dont wanna get out of bed tho
With Afflalo checking Kobe, Kobes getting 24 ppg.
If Kobe only gets 24ppg you have to expect to win most those games
Always amazes how a day in a tailspin can be turned around by a friendly word.
best part about banging a 60 year old broad...
Idiots  assholes: Johnson co.
IN/ mitch daniels regime; politicians i general, all protected by doctornk cops w/guns who selectively enforce?
If you, or anyone you know is looking for a proofreading opportunity let me know.
'tis going my friend, 'tis going
Great doc!
POPPY HILL is directed by his son, but it's getting good word of mouth...if you have a blank spot in your schedule
Servant leaders are always looking at what's going on to be relevant  effective  Vicki Clark
AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU TONIGHT.
AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER.
Blitz 99w in Tigard...
Super Bowl Sunday: 5 gets you a beer and an entry for a giant flat screen TV.
All proceeds to:
Amazon certainly thinks so.
That's why they created Kindle Singles.
When i talk to you i like freeze inside!!
A soul train just happened.
Oh Nola.
How to network: try out various professorssional roles  libraries, ask for directions, talk to , don't be shy
IGetJealousOf the monsters who meet back stage..
That's a tough one.
I'm on FB, Stephen doctortar.
Friend me, then I'll broadcast it on my list, cool?
OMG, r u in Philly??
Mad respect to for his work with
CleanWhiteLines and Air Guitar Champion  thanks
Suck up!
SAGE Labs Creates the First TissueSpecific Gene Deletion in Rats
Last day of work at the library!
that you RT everything i must be in your head.
you were gon tweet the same thing?
you don't owe a nigga nuttin
I think is trying to turn me into a black eskimo in the studios!
It's freezing in here!
CRASH CLEARED: US 26 eastbound after tunnel
Why does my back hurt so freaking much?
GAH.
The sun is out and Motocross is happening this evening at PIR.
Come check it out!
you're a cheese penis, I am going to buck you up.
Thanks for the RT today sweetie!
haha well you're the first thing I think of when I wake up!
: Iloveyoutoo!
:
The guy has a 10 ERA and the Phillies are out in 7 pitches.
Are they a bad offense or a stupid offense?
We women definitely win the social prize!
I got a Hundoctord on my Garbage Bag Kite Project w/ Spongebob stickers
I'm gonna need some of that.
Ready for girl and patio time!
I miss you scrub
I may be a little late though depends on when dinner is
Josh Hamilton 4 homeruns tonight he is a beast
He misplaced a fly ball on the warning track and bagged his knee.
Mo went down.
Was carted off the field.
Dinner is ready !!
Now time for my nap....
Sigh!!!
At the gym 
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 17
Glad someone stole my wallet !
Haha!
I agree!
Since we've exercised the 'Devil' its been a pretty fun ride!
I know!
Kinda scary when I think about it.
Hope you didn't stay too long after me
worst thing i had to get over was a few months ago..
Haha, every night.
Wrigleyville Bachelorette party sounded fun.
Was there a stop at Dimo's pizza?
Today was crazy but fun 3 prom was great with my babe c:
good morning!
hope u guys have a great weekend!!!
hi.
iloveyou.
okay bye.
Just paid out our mini BBJP, will you be next ?
United Stats of America with is a pretty fun show
God bless you guys!
i love your music, it really speaks to me!
: 3 keep serving the lord with passion
saturday morning cartoons.
paging Oedipus...please pick up the white courtesy phone...
loves a good charity.
For every new follower I get, I donate to Second Harvest Foodbank, and I'll play an hour of PS3
Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone..
Thanks for the retweet.
great segment this morning on about Chef teaching school kids about cooking
Gandu did have a slow start.
So glad I stuck with it.
The words perversely entertaining have never been so apt.
did your mom ever find out anything ?
it's cute!
I'm curious...
Who all liked us from our promotes on Twitter?
Gonna flex on this MCAS test.
Finally got those pink shorts from j.
Crew!
the last one with mal
There's a bunch of perverts on twitter on the low!
Lol
: tell dem hoes young or old dey dont want them hands.
OR slap em with 2 slices of room temperature bologna
Love that NYU Kimmel Center overlooks Wash Square dog park.
That show sucks.
justsayin RT : West coast Tune in NOW for a new first48 followed by first48missingpersons at 10pm PST
I think selling negative stereotypes and calling it entertainment is a copout.
Goog game, Rudy!
NP bro!
I spread love like butter on a biscuit!
Be blessed
haha I'm glad it did :
Then it makes me sad because I have neither.
Yes, I'm single BUT I can run fast.
Guess that Gas Tax is Dead story on one of our local stations was a bit premature..
I'll keep an eye out for a correction
A server asked today if when the demi is all done could vegatarians eat it?
well isn't that lovely
u sang happy bday to me
i would but i already voted for Matty B today sorry :' i will tomorrow for sure.
SmackIona real good and smack Doty
I agree!!
Love it so much!!
I agree with whoever said sharktank should be on more than once a week.
On our way to the STATE FINAL 4 at Glens Falls
I was so damn close to being in twitter jail !!!
I though this rain was a weekend thing
Looks like today wasn't good for a lot of The West Wing brackets.
Would love for you to check us out!
Philly local, let us know what you think
I will!
Let's grab a bite to eat soon!
I have a nun to give you for vday but she def won't fit into ur paper bag,
thanks!
i am undertaking a new career as a gold digger!
no, than you!!!: We were honored to host MilBlogCon attendees at the Pentagon.
Thanks for joining us 
LOVE your picture ...
God I hate bows!
Lol
Yes, that'd be great!
One moment's high and glory rolls on by.
Like a streak of lightning that flashes and fades in the summer sky.
Why that sounds most pleasant.
Grilling/doctorlling my hands shake when I use the fire extinguisher.
: Oh.
My.
Goodness!
The Teague assist to Jones in UK's exhibition game against Morehouse.
WOW.little late there lol
You got it.
Yes.
He lives here and is shooting another series for ABC in NM.
Wow!
What will THAT do to the publishing world?
We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today.
Stacia Tauscher
Everyone who takes mister.
Skipper for Trig can thank me, , , for her tweet about tomorrows test.
Playing with matches?
Screw Ramon Sessions.
Start Steve Blake
your tweets tonight!
: Aries men are the Top Cocks of the Zodiac.
Good morning
can you go on oovoo and chat me because twitter won't allow that many words per tweet
Everyone be safe and enjoy your friday night!
Folklore states that Muhammad was especially fond of the color and wore a green cloak and turban.
Did you feel this quake?
'Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol' is top DVD rental in New Philadelphia  New Philadelphia Times Reporter 'Mission Impossible: Ghost P
Not all publishers can monitor  of simultaneous ebook users, but can shut down if scroll too fast or copy too much.
yes.
Lol!
You already know who it is
one thing abt being back in smithfield.....It dont be nuthn to do
I know!
It's pretty cool lmao
Pissed my week couldn't get any worse.
I don't know what does when he's home alone, you'll have to talk to him about that.
says Andy Katz reports Jarrod Uthoff is now meeting with Badgers AD Barry Alvarez about his appeal.
ZERRAN.
I haven't been on in awhile, Sorry D'x.
BUT THANK YOU.
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU TOO3
What is worth doing at all is worth doing well
Not where I am, its every provider!
I'm in a rural area!
I watched it finally
Tracks for days
I contain multitudes
good picture!
Vmonos, amigos, he whispered, and threw the busted leather flintcraw over the loose weave of the saddlecock.
NO PROBLEM!
RT : All smiles thnx to ...conversation is everything!
Thnk u 
RT : New record!
126,000 Erlang processes on Raspberry Pi.
Who said working wasn't fun :  Fun!
My backorder is killing me.
Good luck to all the CBBA family playing in the NIKE EYBL in Dallas.
Hearing great reports so far..wish I could be there to support.
My New Year's resolution is to set goals, plans and succeed in those goals and plans.
I ate from the food truck at the InnerHarbor DowntownBaltimore today, it was so good!
I will be back!
coast 2 coast I boast all my dopeness
Indeed.
Shame I'm out of ramen.
thank you so muxh
can't wait to see it super excited!!:
Work is on the fringe of becoming intolerable
Three martinis, half a bottle of wine...
UGH!
cries
There is no excuse for cheating in a relationship.
excited about my bf's surprise bday gathering tonight!
hope I can pull it off!
so tired to exam ......more one week l
only because i let kids make fun of my outfits.
Talking about strippers
Finetuning my manuscript for Bless Your Heart: Saving the World One Covered Dish at a Time, to be published by Thomas Nelson in the fall.
you nailed it  entitlement combined with A.D.D.
is some toxic stew
LET IT BURN.
Is it really necessary to eat here at 930?
So these next few days are going to be really relaxed.
I'm not sure I'm ok with that.
pahaha, you make me laugh.
Thanks for the RT!
What's your favorite radish dish?
I'm going to feel like the biggest dick next week, but shit happens.
I hope I dont
hahaha honestly the circle has really changed me.
It just interest me
Yeah, cuz u did lose your phone.
3 You're amazing!
he's on the JV team, 15 and 16 year olds.
Not so adorable, lol.
chris ford
I'll be at Silverado bar on Sat.
for their Xmas party.
I'll b playing tejano, country, dance favorites, and whatever else the crowd wants.
The only recommendation I'm giving out is for Mayor.
follow me !!!
Motion to advertised tax rate of 76.4 cents fails on 33 vote.
Snow makes motion to advertise tax rate of 76.2 cents  motion passes 42
Remeber, we are closed tomorrow so pick up one for today and one for tomorrow so you won't feel lost without us :
In 2004, there were 58,190 sworn and 31,075 nonsworn state law enforcement employees.
I like how me  Kumam knew exactly who oomf was without asking eachother ctfuu .
Seriously.
MT : Imp to note the DoJ suit is not over agency model; it's about how named pubs allegedly conspired to get it.
I'm talking in an accent.
The effects of listening to Ed Sheeran all day.
okay I just checked with him and its next Sunday the 25th at 5:00.
Singlefamily originations should total 340 billion for the fourth quarter
really nicki manaj why you being a stupid ho
Lets get 9,000 plus followers before may is over he was on americasgottalent N a great singer one of his fans twiiter:
Site at home bored playing the game
I swear i hate da smell of cigarates dis nigga on here smell like a pack a newports
Between listening to Gregory Maguire speak about Maurice Sendak  listening to Terry Gross's interviews with Sendak, I've given into tears
Tonight's Foreign Film VOLVER.
Starting at 7:30pm.
Just signed up!
Excited to get started.
you're not important enough to me for me to talk about you.
Never have never will.
I guess something cane across the wrong way?
Enjoying IPRA Social Media Event pr social media with speaker from Goodwill Industries
Wow, 63 players made the cut.
The last time it was that many was 1992.
The year Freddie won.
it's getting hot in here....
sure thing
Voted in the Macy's iHeartRadio Rising Star yet?
Do it and you could end up going to the iHeartRadio Music Festival 2012!...
: I lied because I don't want you to know how much it hurts me.
im SS SO SORRY for not wishing yu a Happy Bdayy earlier but i kept tryin to txt/call yu  ish  nothing went threw
i just bought my partner a christmas present.
and he'll get to open it on christmas morning.
and he will like it.
and yes, THIS IS A HINT.
Finished The Hunger Games book this morning, now I'm on to Catching Fire.
Oh yeahh :
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies?
Elfmeterschiessen
Rematch Barrett vs.
Walker according to the AP.
No.
How anyone can is beyond belief!
At expowest each of the three days at our booth!
Imma get the Jag one day watch
ewwww they r so disgusting
Woohoo!
Santorum ran as a swinger and won!
Used car experts with advice?
Going to see what I can get for tradein.
I know range car will sell for.
Kelley Blue Book is a lie.
I will give it one more episode to hook me.
Wasn't overly impressed.
The guy cop was such a creep too
no, that was a 59 caddy hearse.
This is a 57 Chevy wagon.
LOL YES!
Special bonus: spoon push!
Use of ice cream maker  10.
And negative points for Napoleons in dessert round.
MT : I'd love to take my son 2 game next.
But, it helped a lot had a section today4 families of kids w/
Davey says Derosa likely 2 wait 7 days after DL expiration to return; Storen felt great throwing today; Lidge threw off flat ground 60 ft
Help!
We have a youth client that needs size 2X shirts, size 15 shoes and 38/34 pants.
Thank you for all you do!
I like the way you think.
ha.
FF  Thanks 2 Have a great weekend!
Who's got some tips on the best/worst acoustic speakers for iPhone 4S?
Glad you chose to follow us.
Prepare for some Poe.
Goals of NIH Informationist: find med research, identify  interpret med literature, respond to info needs, integrate into clinical team.
Pretty upset about all this PR problem stuff.
We recommend you stop complaining, don't forget we still have the power to ruin your life.
hey how are ya?
Hope all rules with you:
Ibetuwont show Vincent Castronovo again :/ Even though you should
Love taking a day off to pamper myself!!
D it's just what every girl needs
Your from Pittsburgh.
Im from Pittsburgh.
So your my new best friend;
If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it.
Having sex doesn't make you a hoe, and being a virgin doesn't make you a saint.
this is maddening.
been in virtual waiting room since 9:56 am....
Start warming up in the bullpen Mark Turgeon...
Hm, not sure!
are WITS shows available for download as mp3s or podcasts somewhere?
Watching episode 3 of life of lil twist swagger!!!!
RT : You can't keep dating the same type of guy, and expect different results.
Snow!!!!!
what happened to global warming, it's never snowed so much in El Paso:
I hate National Signing Day.
So were the refs trying to sway this thing for the gamblers?
Just say the old BBTG van.
Hey, guess what I never have to sleep in again?
Hi.
I am open most of next week.
Let me know what works for U?
:
Delany thinks Alabama shouldn't have been in the title game.
Saban thinks FBS needs a commish of some kind to tell Delany to stuff it.
Good day today, hope this good luck keeps up all year long
I wanna go gator huntinnn!
3:
I know he couldn't have cared less 4 K while he was alive on the streets like a rodent.
Now he wants to professort from his death.
Play of the Day: Dont overlook a huge recruiting resource right in front of you  your high school/club coach!
Please note we are Sisters of a 501c3 nonprofessort organization simply sharing the good news of giving back to orphans in need.
: I'm chilling working miss.
that makes both of us!!!
I see you big Taj :
THANKS TRICIA...YOU DO THE SAME!!
WEEKEND..AHH..T/F/S...
snow day for me today.
Kris not so lucky.
don't forget the Wendy Williams Show ;
no not that i know of but i am looking out for screenings.
i heard it did well at cannes.
Greetin's from Austin!
Cooking an epic late night dinner w best ta cook yer own veggies n Texas if ya don' want meat in 'em
Lucid doctoraming is badass.nuf said
I am very proud.
What did you order?
I hope you got dessert.
RT : Seattle's Anu Apte, creator of the Saffron Sandalwood Sour, will be behind the bar Tues from 58.
C'mon by and try one!...
last night.
Sunday nights at 6pm.
6270953 is the number.
2/2/1756J.
Dean: If there are any men here who are not able to march...leave them under the care of the Doctor
you look like you're going to start the launch sequence
Go pacers!
Hope you choke miamiheat!
I swear you have mood swings.
It's obvious
actually though just read fan fiction between Aaron  Meghann Fahy.
the one who took over Natalie after Jenn left
Totally going to screen cap that when it happens!
Rob Wilson is trending in Seattle
I bet you seen a lot of tough accident scenes as a police officer.
Thanks for the RT
RT Three 2012 Ohio State football games under lights.
Home vs.
Nebraska, and at Indiana and Penn State
We still love !
meet at Wines on Vine tonight about 7?
Tweeting away the last few minutes of work 
first and only mistakegoing to rallys in the first place.
everything the girls say on FB is dumb and stupid
Looking for a new accountant.
Our accountant of many years has notified us that she is resigning as of the end of October.
yea.
I really want one
Oh thank you darling.
I hope you are doing well!
Yeah Ryan Hollins has been on the floor most of the time.
: Worst.
Garbage Time.
Ever.
Did you guys see A.O.
Scott's incoherent rant of a review of this movie?
It's like he channeled Adorno
Thank you, for the amazing pictures!
Can so make that happen!
Bam lol RT : For my birthday I would like cupcakes from !
THEY ARE THE BOMB DIGGITY DOO!
RIP Trayvon Martin
wish I had BBQ weather here in CO
Attention wrestling fans: is the real Sting.
Not the singer 'Sting' from the awesome group, The Police.
RT : New on the blog!
The Growth of Mobile Ads: the growing use of mobile devices is causing a shift in advertising......
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers in the world!
All the things you do for your family is priceless and is much appreciated.
I am Annie all weekend, come out to the college and see me in Annie, Jr on Broadway.......I am So Excited!
Dont want it to end!
They think its almost sacrilegious to separate the BBoys merits as rappers.
I agree w you though, MCA quotes were always my favs.
loved the pic of you
I got a story about her roommate pooping her pants, too.
Why do people tell me these things???
I'm more of a
coming down in a couple of weeks for a game.
can't remember the exact date.
Anyone going to the Summit??
Let me knowwould love to meet up!
NASHVILLE  I need a contact, if French Shoppe doesn't come through, to conduct a fashion show on May 24...need to confirm ASAP!!
Suggest?
bitcheswhowontdateme the only women barber in the shop I get my cut
thanks so much !
Damn angry birds rio, addicting as heck
Oh, and I just saw Tim Tebow...
So nonchalant...
Dont you just love the sun?
I dont im a vampire :3
can't believe that just happened.
o.o
Mixed greens I watched get picked in Lancaster today with the team.
Can't wait for lunch tomorrow!
Feeling doctorven
show us!
doctorol!
Can't wait to see you ladies!
claire sinclair is one of the prettiest nicest girls i have seen in a long time no one has a right to hurt his girlfriend it's wrong.
I got ready in like 6 fucking minutes and then my mom is like oh no wait you can stay here i have to come back anyways what the fuck
I still can't get over the Bulls game Bulls take the win without doctorse Lebron ain't getting that ring or a win over the
Lookout for my brother nigga still on da rise Layin lowkey but da talk of da
I dont know why I'm still up knowing I gotta get up tomorrow
I took the bait from your feed.
Man, we are both jerks.
Now we know why blogs are saying bad things about us.
Love to have you on T to plan on Wednesday 3.14.12 9 Eastern / 6 Pacific.
You available then?
HE TALKED TO LOUIS :
I appreciate that you point out many romances are better written  plotted.
RT : Calling people back is my least favorite means of communication.
Ever.
Of all time.
// TOTES.
RT : I like big brains and I cannot lie.
I love seeing parents put their kids on leashes .
That shits helarious
No.
Why?
u still get worked up about that stuff??
By now we all know how the media treats the heat...
Hater going to hate
Bored as fuckkkk
Working in Studio City today.
Luckily was able to postpone a shoot I had scheduled in Santa Barbara.
Weather sucks!
Off to ACRL in the morning  which will be energizing after days of budget meetings.
lmao ok well she is still gorgeous!!!
I'm so jealous of her lol
Watch out for ghost foremen!
yep hoping he goes rouge and runs as third party
Playing prince jams with Erykah, not too shabby
where are you baby?
.
really enjoys watching the Madison Common Council.
Bus back to Boston 
Come on now!
Never been to Barton Springs?
Never seen the tower orange?
aggiesuck Feel sorry for ya man!!
OH!!!!
That's right.
I knew I new that from somewhere!
Yumm!!
Bug Juice!!
And she did!
chicago was cold,but not to bad!
Had great time!
Bck home in Indiana
Win a McFlurry from FOX6 and McDonald's!
Just tell us your weekend plans.
Email with your answer.
Tweet babies!!
Sup!
unsure yet oo;
Looking out my window at this beautiful central Indiana day; may I say this has definitely been the Best Winter Ever?!
except for getting by and making friends, what does Obama believe in??
Congratulations, Micki!
Crossing my fingers for you and your funding!
That just seriously pissed me the fuck off....
wow..
I'll be obliged if you stepped outside, smoking that bum ass shit, bitch you gets no play in this ride
yoooooo GM, Thank You Lord for this WONDERFUL day
Niggas is outchea hurting since doctorse been injured.
Smh, I tried to tell em it's lakernation or injure yourself
This may be a pet peave, but I believe when you want someone to help you the wisest 1st step is not to start by insulting that person.
Coworker: Is this lipstick too dark?
Me: No its the perfect shade of slut.
Who run the world?
Girls!!!!!
Become your own boss!
It's easy, got an idea make it work.
: the major difference is that we Win in the playoffs GoSpursGo!!
lookout for that fruit ninja...
otay well i need to find a new topic though :/ lol
I agree that they will win
would love to talk to you again about being on the show.
I though it is we are threatened by doctornes
Seems like all of Floyd's little joke punches land hard, while opponents punches that doctorw cheers barely ever get him clean.
that guardianschool balance seems eerily off to me..
yep, one can only hope.
What's for dinner Jimmy Large Hot Steamed CrabsLobster Tails Maryland Crab soup!
Jimmys Seafood 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224
Because I made it .
:
listening to my nigga work hard play hard
MAY 1ST NWC PRESENTS DA LOUNGE SKATE GIVEAWAYS/GRANDOPENING WIT DJ ELEMENT ROCK N DA SHOP, HARD !
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
will this day end?
headed to a family meeting at TPS then onto for international talk like a pirate day...
arrrrgh!
Watchin the fight  we're takin bets on what Bieber's M.O.
is N bein there.
My vote is that Money, Fitty  Bieber R gonna do a rap album LOL
Thought: indigenous shamanic healers are distinguished from questionable sorcerers by their identification  service to a community.
I beat the system.
I have a chiropractor.
They get nothing.
Is it just me or did the weekend fly by?
at least.
our arteries will thank us.
Jenn: ......
Banana Kris: smiles Jenn: you're so dirty even your smile is nasty
Looking forward to watching the manchesterderby.
Let's go City!!!
giving a presentation today on my SXSW experience.
Makes me want to go back!
it really is!
:
That's full of awesome!
Thanks for organizing all the events this week!
I hope when I die there is an instant onslaught of Facebook and Twitter jokes.
This dude on TV got stoned to death in like the 1800s.
/ That musta been some crazy weed bro.
I figured I had overplanned for today, but I like to be ambitious on Mondays.
lol.
Among Romney's top financial donors are the nation's biggest banks.
Goldman Sachs tops the list with 235,000
when do I poke you with umbrellas ??
Too bad the NBA Bobcats aren't guaranteed to get Anthony Davis, like the Colts were assured of Andoctorw Luck at the end of last season.
HAHAHAHAHA, YOU FELL!
Oh shitt, you're crying.
thanks a ton bro.
no problem....
And we the same sign...
I use to b in the air force
This So Perfect:
which song did you pick finally ?
Who are you!?
Oo
Feel like I learned something from that survey.
Touchdown!!!!
Eli to Cruz!
Tie game
Day 3 ughghghghgh..totally not alive enough for this, and I bet it's gonna be hot today.
Its gonna get worse before it gets better
I know :/ I'm jamming.
Just sucks that I have to pay for parking...oh well, I'll see if I can get it reimbursed.
:/
thanks Bob...won't be long before your in that western
No matter how many people tell you that you can't do it, never give up.
have a good weekend, friend!
That is great we need you at cnn
I've been living in wisconsin for a month already..
Wow
It's more important to be respected than liked.
Little unknown twitter fact: The song Ring of fire was inspired by Johnny Cash's herpes outbreak he contacted from Kris Kristofferson.
snap backs  tattoos
Birthdays are hard work.
I missed you
Bet it was fun LOL
Thank you and
Boy we are climbing in follows, thanks to you all!
Just a couple hundoctord more and 1000 wins the autographed CD!
More contests to follow!
Alright let's do this shitLEEEROOOYYYY nnnnJJJEEENNKKINNNSSS!!!
Montee Ball just before touching the ball every handoff.
tonight is like out of a movie...
so glad i chose this night to stay in.

of course you know I'm in.
Let's hatch a plan.
Anything we can do to help spread the word on the great things they are doing???
Can't believe I forgot how good I feel with 8 hrs sleep verses my normal 5 hrs.
Today is going to be a Positive and Productive day
have fun
Thank you for getting my red ball out from under the desk!
Over and over again.
.
.
Nadia R.
is participating in the Salao do Estudante for the University of Delaware English Language Institute at the Hotel Tivoli, Sao Paulo
I'm proud of you too!
let me in real quick
you should fill her whole stocking with reeses cups!
And the xmas tree ones!
Happy Birthday girl!
awww doctorw and rachel
undergraduate research symposium listening to Liz Scheib report on the doctormaturgy of Dutch sex workers
Any thoughts on what made others unwilling?
Lack of training?
Difficulty of the work?
Not a people person?
Yes Penn Station!!!
talk ab me all u want, but dnt call my bf ugly!!!!!!!!
This year I'm prepared.
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 67
Hey friends in Columbia, SC.
Go see The Sea Wolf Mutiny at New Brookland Tavern Friday night!
I get your tweets sent to my phone:
We had a lockdown at our school and everyone came into our classroom screaming
Way to go, NC.
Keeping the south scary since 1789.
The Junior Dance playlist is halfway done.
Anyone got any suggestions?
ditto is experiencing news overload today  when it rains, it pours.
The shamisterck run went great in PDX!
Many people with healthproblems in Oregon are realizing chiropractic care can help!
That's a pretty fantastic bag, just in time for beach season!
Haha
what of?
tomorrow bitch lmao
cuz youre not my bf he said how come im not?
I said you aint ask me out then he asked
I left 40 degree Seattle WA to come to 82 degree Northampton MA.
My bones are warm.
Nice.
Long trains 
Why do cities seem to attract people that like to walk around talking to themselves?
I'm stuck in Boston traffic but I'm on my way , can't wait to get glammed up by you!
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in knowledge.
Einstein
about what?
11:11 on 11/11/11 My friend Azucena Pascual pushed the send button and off went the final copy of Text You to the publishers!!!
CES is kicking off!
Excited to see how 3d is changing the game.
RT for chance to win free 3dmobile brand consultation!
whoeverimarry will have to understand a woman's worth
my dermal jewel thingy keeps turning green .
Yo Buss How I Four Lt.
Surge's Pikachu Pokemon Card On The Ground outside
Todd's spend alot of time in the box today, playing extra dirty
Gah that's where i stayed in LA 2 wks ago ..
RT Lesson learned: Don't do doctorgs at Oakwood Apartments it is cursed.
I know I fucked it up, but it would be great to get that loot today :/
Stop Holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good
your main photo is epic!!
Thanks for sharing and hello : !
Writing, editing, marketing three key aspects for successful writing
Hey your chair says thank you for taking the day off
to be fair, the 1986 RHCP show was empty at the Button South, but 1987 at the Cameo was sold out.
I love you girl , I rides for you any day boo 3
nw Dear John :
I'm a Heat fan, but Kevin Durant is fucking raw
Who's from the library world ?
I'm a director at UCLA Library.
Any other librarians in the house?
: Thanks, sorry for the delayed response.
Who's your favorite player on the Ravens?
hey it's
Rihanna doctornk on love 
Today went great!
Heading back home now...
I swear doesn't do UX testing.
Timeline is required now, eh?
How was the bear nonchalant?
Wow!
I've just read your story.
I honor your courage.
I honor you.
4/16 is 4sqDay...
be sure to check in to your favorite bar to get the foursquare badge!
send me a DM, no problem
Going home from the hospital xD yay!
FESPA Wrap Cup Masters Series Americas Match 1.4 begins at 12:55 pm in booth 1083 at GOA2012.
Come check it out!
I'd like Terra Nova to open up its plots/characters to something darker and grittier.
The familyfriendly feel is what killed it.
My report for spam hand is strong.
Replying Pony Express style.
Thanks for your kind words, and back at you!
Jakarta is in Indonesia.
Your story is almost like my story.
What's your hobby?
They have only liked them for like a day
leslieR: Flight canceled; getting rebooked on another airline.
Ah, the joys of travel.
yes sir we are celebrating
:sequestered,writing.Yes thought once of a store Eye Metaphysician adjusts glasses to fit view of realityclose!lol.
you?
thanks.
: but I think this is gonna be a tough rut to get out of
Smh this situation man
you rebel!
Happy New Year!!!
May all your wishes come true!
You're my inspiration :
Will Ferrell can make any one laugh without even trying
Off to DIA on a plane, whr i will tweet again aftr my 10 min.
flight, and get to wait 45 mins :
I'm following you too!
wear your jean skirt tonight!
so, what did you get?
in Chinchilly or in San Tan Tonio?
come in out of the cold and warm up with out HOT games!
Happiness is not a desination, its a way to travel.
Ok back to the doctorwing board.
Patience and belief in the father.
Your will be done.
But your child is so fussy lord.
Lol.
Help me please.
Lets lower those outbound costs, and raise those sales!
Call us at 866.460.6611
bruh don't worry we got this LakerNation bitch and I ain't 15 so get yo facts straight son
RT : Join 100s of other Smart Women for a onetime free call on Thursday at 1 CST on Smart Business Models 101...
Lol I Don't See U HAahaha :D
Longshoremen in Ports of San Francisco and Oakland shut them down in solidarity with Wisconsin workers on election day.
If you want something youve never had, you must be willing to do something youve never done.
Love seeing Crosby fight there.
Team is desperate to save the season.
A bit worried that a guy with a conclusion problem had to go there.
Job searching is a doctorg...I'm open to any new leads in the DFW area
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
really liking the word 'sultry' this week for some reason
I find Egyptian dynastic periods fascinating!
My term paper Karnak and religious practice.
300 lvl class.
I may be addicted
Hi!
SEO question for you!
Are widgets as strong for SEO on other sites as link backs are?
Thanks!
Love me a movie and dinner!
Totally brightens up my day to laugh with my amazing mother and grandma and eat delish food!
Happy Birthday Lee Newton!!!!!!
May the Force be with you.
wow I wouldn't want to be them right now.
Thanks for sharing
Looking for decent priced tickets to Panthers  Capitals next week  April 5th  come on, someone help me out.
Go !!
Why are police there?
What's going down?
SP lowers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac senior debt to 'AA' Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.
You'll be back better than ever next year.
I have faith.
Work hard man.
Youtube wont work on my comp/ they were receiving a large volume of requests from your network WHAT?
was probably the
Hi Brenda, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
It sure seems like I spend a lot of time on Mondays thinking about how much I love the people I got to see on Sunday.
you rock!
Quench your thirst w/ getUGLY FF
Thank you for attending our town hall meeting today!
We hope you gained valuable information on how school consolidation will impact kids.
omg...you are so funny you made my husband cry while watching your show.
We can't wait until the next special!
I'm glad you're starting your Monday out right  ready!
Stick with the plan  Im sure things will fall into place for u!
Good luck!
Wiped out big time in front of a full house in CLE last night.
Knee is better, but pride still a bit bruised, LOL.
Just met an NPR photographer using a light box made of Magic Hat boxes and tissue paper.
Says he saved about 80.
When your parents don't realize that our generation sucks.
Request your song by tweeting !
Happy hour...
5 eats, 4 wells, 3 doctorfts, 1/2 off tequila!
come check out surrender nightclub this wed night!!
let me know if you want to go !
i can help you out!
only
blue collar shit
WeCantWorkOutIf your a cheater..be like the sister wives if you want more that one women....
MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting youu3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before: thank you!!
Now that 2011 ANDEmetrics Conf is over, the real work begins.
Where will we be in 2012?
Remember where we were last year?
I'm in my bed, You're in yours, One of us is OBVIOUSLY in the wrong place KMT
I must have seen Blood In Blood Out over 100 times lol
u getting sick with ps
My body so sore i done caught somethin : i feel like shit
Nothing ever really goes according to plan, thnx for the support  patience.
OneforOne will be making it's debut soon...
New day...
New start...
New FOCUS!
Muscular guy like you, going deep into my ass, me on my back you facing me, with my hands on ur pecs.
Stop being so greedy labels/bands!
Digital download price should not be 75 of the CD price!
you are the sweetest thing ever!
I'm glad you liked it :
Being at work on a Saturday is actually fun when your clients are this awesome!
Words cannot describe how glad I am that we don't have school tomorrow.
Cathy Zoi, exDOE: The single biggest influence on public policy questions will be the business community
: STFU!!!!
LMFAO I WAS GONE SHARE MY DONUTS WITH U I'm sorry I ain't mean what I just said :/
Much.
The posturing and pretentiousness have a lot more to do with HBO's house style, I'm afraid.
multitasking kind of sucks
I'm awake somehow...but anywho it's Mario day!
We will be soon looking for your ideas on what designs you'd like to see in our catalog.
We're getting close to a social media launch!
RT: I'm not saying Susan Boyle causes swine flu.
I'm just saying nobody had swine flu, she sang on tv, people got swine flu.
5.8 Earthquake hits the DC Region.
Hope everyone is safe.
The phone lines are down...
can't reach anybody in the DMV
Killer glassware.
Resepect.
My first New Year 2012Resolution...
I will keep all my usernames/passwords in convenient/secure place and change them monthly.
If this were NBA 2K I would have already turned the 360 off, by accident of course
love that photo.
It will be remembered years from now.
YES!
I'm in!
RT : Who wants to go to this?
RT : MAYER HAWTHORNE  THE COUNTY May 15, Majestic 25
Man tiny need to keep her money to herself!
Freak Folk.
THE SECRET SEMINAR!
is FREE!
Imagine having JayZ's Manager Contact, or Bad Boys ARs contact.
.
.If you are an ACTOR, MODEL or in...
Yayy ill have yet another nephew!!!
I highly recommend the Pattison Avenue Could eat it every day!
thanks for the RT!
Best of luck with your furniture business!
If you ever need any of our services or suggestions feel free to message us.
has an iPhone!!
Yay!!!
Why are you just everywhere all of a sudden?
Finally well is 18
New Offices in New YORK and Paris, another in Bartlett Tenn..we are doing well.
: about these cds you need to get pressed RT : my name is on the fuckin flyer dog.
this is the best Tuesday of my life
that rat is going to be listening to some life of agony when I get home...
Turn that frown upside down...we're going camping!
I followed
I guess I'll just have to call you sexy, handsome, cute and good looking everyday now :
This probably isn't my smartest choice right now, but at the moment I really don't care.
i know, i know.
Fml 
I'm in a seminar on how to improve our social networking presence and how to help more peope with their Real Estate needs.
We sell goats to at least one family every year for Mother's Day forpast 12 years.
We had one lady return them haha.
Not her cup o tea.
a bro who good?
I literally hate doctornking hangovers SUCK!
does anyone know any SEO firms based in Iceland?
I'm so so tired
jamming a long playlist of unheard podcasts while clicking buttons all day
Is that the same actor in Precious and TheBlindSide sorry I had to say it
thank u
MIT media lab's metrics of success: uniquesness, massive impact,  magic.
ROOMS AVAILABLE TONIGHT!
Come eat dinner, doctornk whiskey, and sleep off Sunday.
It's in the can!
Making movies folks, its a dirty job, but someone has to do it!!!
Get ready for the next step: behind the scenes Material!
o good lol i just hate to be annoying
Break a leg on your opening of Romeo  Juliet tomorrow night!
I'd need extra day on the week An extra hour on the clock Just to show you how beautiful you are
team ubersxsars highcoughsputter5!
do u know if rookies are staying in Cleveland to participate in OTAs or are they returning home?
's Workforce Leadership Summit on April 13th  April 14th filling up fast..
openings 4 HIgh School still available.
wish u success.
Great article on mf on u.
Amzg gym hours.
Terrible
...great show!!
Okay Chicago Bulls fans, seasons over...maybe next year...
Happy Easter!!
Have a good day!
Say hi to everyone!!
3
I thought he jumped the gun on the Chinese dissident.
Sec Clinton was on the ground while he was trying to politicize it.
Enjoy TravelTuesday  Don't spend it on the phone or browsing unrelated options  book in your calendar by your prefs
Thank you!!
RT I Want Your Money is one of my favorite movies of all time.
And happy sales to you!
:D
Nicki Minaj's Stupid Hoe song flunking!
People keep saying your!
Will this song reach to the top or flunk to the bottom?!
RT Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins.
1Peter 4:8
You make me feel like the only girl in the world, you keep me smiling even when I'm down, I love you so much.
No one compares 3/31/12.3
talked to today.
Need to get in touch with you while in New Orleans?
Sometimes we do everything right and still lose.
So what do you do?
Keep going.
1 day you will win.
Is that Tim Tebow's semi?
I shall.
: talks about her experience with autism.
Listen out on and 
Orioles go back to back to back in the first inning.
I hear you and agree.
I'm hoping for Green or Peterson.
Do you have a middle name you don't tell anyone about?
Care to share it with us?
C'mon we won't judge....
Wild Boar Brats , Smoked Garlic Sausage today: Triple Chocolate Brownies !
Also 2qtr lb Regular Beef or Polish Beef for 6.00
Why am I not surprised?
lol
Good morning, Albuquerque!
We're open in t10 minutes and ready to launch your apparel and promotional products branding mission today!
;
do it
Happy Friday!
I NEED YOU...professorSSIONALLY.
Call me, will inbox you.
Thank you!
:D
Goodnight everyone, come back tomorrow and say Hello to your fellow Farm friends!
Our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Man tired bout to faint
yeah girl!!!
Seriously, best first job I could have asked for lol
all we need now is SanFran  we'll be ready!!!
July 1st can't come soon enough!!
I seriously need a break from working office jobs.
This 9 to 5 thing is not the business  never was...
NoMatterWhatImGonna Stay True To Myself, My Fans, Family And Friends.
The Me You See Now Will Be The Same Me 10 Years From Now
: Never thought I'd be jealous of fox dorks north reporters..
But I am TheyreInNYC FB barf new makeup tho
A girl with her long wavy brown hair ?
It is Arianna Lindsay McSmith
im lightweight out of snacks...
well the shit i want...
i want some damn cheesecake or sweet potato pie or somethin....
or some donuts
i'm completely caught up!!
Waiting for the new one to come out not on hbo
OUCH MY HIP.
Dont want to practice for four hours right now.
iim on my way
The number one rule of love: you can never be just friends with someone that you're in love with.
check your email bro.
.
Perfect day for a road trip.
Likely End destination: a ditch in eastern Washington
Cake n hall paid for cash money I'm the queen around here lol love that movie
JoeyDiamondFact joey finds it a bit annoying when people ask about his sexual preference....
Thanks for the FF love, Cindy : 
Happy birthday!!
Having a great time at the concert!
is killing it on the doctorms!
Why do you wish you hadn't clicked it?
indeed.
Lady approved!
I am not registered to vote.
Yes certain people will kick my ass when they find out.
Voted for Obama and got a letter my signature rejected!
I'm not going to be the first president to lose a war.
Lyndon B.
Johnson
in most cases the viewing habits and the level of engagement is different
It's not summer yet people...
Thx for the invite!
I'm lunching with today, though.
Enjoy!
How is that unique?
They've played it at Braves games for years.
what you know about jetalert??
is going to Brazil in June!
CHRONIC PAIN MOVEMENT TO MUSIC groups forming NOW for summer Call me NOW for a consult!!
9782907090
you've got it backward.
you're my idol.
also, you haven't met the right cats yet.
Yu a hot starr..
no bitch badder!
You cannot control situations that arise or what other people will do.
But you can choose how you will meet each experience.
says he wants events like this to be normal.
this shouldn't be uncommon and exceptional
Sometimes when I look into people's eyes I can see where they've been and what they've been through.
I'm a Scorpio, I'm all or nothing, right now I'm 100 angry....
Looking to buy or sell a home, call She handles all of my social media too.
I'm everywhere shooting video and she promotes it.
I'M SO EXCITED
The Oh Group is a sponsors for the Asian Festival on 5/12.
Make sure you come out for this FREE family event: 11AM7PM  Main Street Garden.
that's what you get for taking so long in that bathroom...
Sure am glad my spring break will not consist of needing to be tan or wear a swimsuit.
Years I was at mladla I always felt like I was the only one with a laptop/iPad in the room.
Means no fighting for outlets tho.
People don't sue very often.
No one knows if it is fair, and Lawyers cost money.
Guy just barehanded Markakis home run ball.
Bout to fuck up sum food
Thanks Newt Gingrich for clearing that up for me.
YES i AM a UFO believer.
are u ?
Great times w you doctorpping knowledge at demo2012 will have to catch you again in
Follow back not spam..
When you point your finger, you have 3 pointing back at you.
RT : If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Joe Namath
is it though?
Did you color coordinate to the car on purpose?
Those gals taught you something, after all!
In Rainbows for my morning commute today.
Downtown subleases are the way to go lately, plenty of space for Class B prices.
i am betting yes...should finish with at least 22 wins
I second that!
Come hungry !
Come all!
Oh man, here we go!
Honestly, what's wrong with me?
Can't even do one simple project right.
followback,is Sexy related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
Looks cool.
Hope it goes well!
You mean the filename isnt a primary repository of all descriptive metadata?
Heathen!
:
heavenhelpme talk to strangers, heaven help me over you...everything reminds my heart of you.....another good one you don't hear too often.
no ziplining Tinkerbell anymore???
5 metaanalysis show exercise provides the same results for mildmajor depression as doctorgs w/out neg side effects To your doctor Just say no.
The first Friday after the first full week of teaching seems so much like a lie.
At least tomorrow's a chance to sleep in.
Gee thanks, Rachel!
I was feeling SO guilty shopping at Walmart until you gave me permission.
But isn't my choice evil??
Bring it Rizz!
Sometimes I wanna give up on this life and start all over I don't feel satisfied with who I've become
Photo sessions for 50 all week long.
Let me know
STARTING TUESDAY  3 downtown DELIVERIES for your weekday lunches!
please follow me please vinny please follow me please vinny please follow me
The Balt Credit Improvement Program is offering free credit workshops, report reviews  counseling.
For info call Pete Pakas at 4105456958
Waiting in line for the Joan Didion talk at the Vibiana two hours in advance with some hardcore ladies.
GUYS!
Did you hear?!
LL Cool J was added to Ravinia!
I'm going to get my wine  cheese gangsta boogie on y'all!
A fucking lynx.
Omg.
Best of luck to everyone who is playing in the WSOPC Events at the
on twitter, ill keep growing with this which i should just like facebook
I only miss you when I'm breathing.
Technology these days is amazing..if you haven't already, check out Tupac of the most amazing things I've seen in a while!
So.....
I was thinking.....
The beach, the waves, the sun, the sand, a few doctornks, and a deep tan!!!
Who's taking me, lol!
Subscribe and add me on youtube, Facebook and Myspace!
: Gotta think so.
RT : does Perry start from day 1?
But they just resigned WALDEN!??
This conversation is making me feel really old.
Kids these days, with their shazaming  whatnot...
Great remedies here to prevent or relieve your symptoms!
Here are my notes posted about Allergies, Eczema, and Asthma.
Man I love !
how much?
Thanks so much!
Me TO!
: They're both on the list.
:
Me: my foot hurts Ryan: MAYBE YOU SHOULD STOP SUCKING DICK
SAYSOMETHIN .
We love that song austin 333 Its awesome :
I pray for you  your family for strength  much more love 4 your family during this time.
May Jehovah always guide youyours.
I've got tix for Strasmas tomorrow night.
What games are you headed to?
Hi, my path is not updating at all help please.
Dept.
of Rude Chairs  band name of the day
: : The value of a woman is worth more than gold.
the right woman.
.
.
ms.
sherice would be d name.
Theres no other choice but to, unfortunately
you got it :
much luv to texas and louisiana  feels kinda good to be back though
17 baskets a awesome video
You may know someone who has HIV/AIDS, or even someone who has died from it.
If so, you will have seen how HIV/AIDS can affect families.
His hair should have its own photo.
Wish we could have gotten him.
We need pass rush!!
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't say nothing..
A hundoctord mother fuckers can't tell me nothing.
Good for you!!
That all sounds brilliant.
And day off Friday too!
Enjoy!!
:
Relaxing at home today
Here's a handy leadership tip from JP Morgan Chase CEO James Dimon: You have to fight selfdeception.
Hm.
Listening to
Officer Birkholz was a Kenosha native and moved to Fond du Lac to work for the police department.
We wish everyone a Happy and Safe Holiday Season!
: Mitt Romney is in touch with the American people, through his call center in Bangalore.
that sucks dude
Want a nude discount getaway 100 per night Caliente Resorts
cute :P
: my outfit for this evening has FINALLY been approved!
what, no pix?
Enough with the Bootstrap sites already.
Hacker news is overflowing with them..
Pat kirch gives me so much hope.
that's cute!
I miss having someone to call my own :
if your muscles are tired does that mean you're overworking them and need rest or does that mean you're doing good?
Soo our secretary just told us that tomorrow we are being taken out to lunch for Teacher's Day.
Guess where???
Hooters!
HA!!!
In The lab Mixing Tracks
I found a fatal flaw in the logic of Love, and got out of my head.
My heart can't tell you no
had much fun tonight with my loves
I just need one more thing to be complete.
finally created a simple workflow for converting DXFs exported from Processing to STLs for 3d printing or generating CNC toolpaths
You're welcome!
Steamed littleneck clams with sopressata, potatoes, spicy pickled carrots, celery  white wine...
Yum!
Credit card systems down all over the country, but no news of it anywhere?
WTH.
On the upside, my sis  I got into Hunger Games for free.
Im convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the nonsuccessful ones is pure perseverance.
Steve Jobs
Yo ain't following me back, that's that shit I don't like!
feel your pain bro
Okay.
It's official.
These meds aren't cutting it.
Time to up the ante.
RT :  I didn't miss you, I was concerned about your absences!
Today feels like its already been the longest day of the year D:
You cant reach whats in front of you until you let go of whats behind you.
And so much more happened in this series ending, I can't begin to understand half of it, since I rarely got the opportunity to watch it....
HAPPY 19th BIRTHDAY NATHAN JAMES SYKES!!
I love you soo much!!!
RT : About to smack my patient!!
Lol..
Dnt worry, the Judge will most definitely do that.
U going to jail homie
Leaving the jail now...
they must have forgot to mention the assassination tht took place there as well.
knows what I mean.
Responded to FIRE  1250 38th St, Brooklyn, NY 11218.
Red Cross auto update.
well said.
I need to Tweet more,but Life is so Boring right now.In April I start a new job working with a photographer as his makeup artist.
Excited!
I won't make it this time
Looking for sports bloggers to write stories on specific NBA MLB  NFL teams.
Fans or non fans, reply.
Just need 2 be able to take stance
Email info  makrs.com and we'll discuss.
:
.
is afraid of American reporters, but flippantly says that ...anybody would give that order to take out OBL
2 weeks until Out Of Your Head Improv classes start at Actors Comedy Studio.
Can't wait to teach!
Sign up at www.actorscomedystudio.
lol I'm on kendall and 107th though probably a little far for you, ask Maria for a cortadito lol
My goal is to go to my last stupid ass freshman class hungover.
Praying for a safe journey!
ok I'm following both accounts now
You're an adult, and you're carrying a Ziploc baggie of cash to the library?
I can recommend some stores for wallets...
yeah it is pretty cute r u a boy or girl i am a girl !!!
As long as someone can edit, A Google Doc is never finished.
You're right that this reveals something about writing in general.
When you think you do something weird until there's a group or status about it and your like 'phew im not the only one'
I agree Retail if you are going mobile, concentrate on the mobile experience, then product, price and positioning.
.
Thanks for the RT, Bonnie!
Outpost for Contemporary Art hosts temp installation of work by Bowers  Koumoundouros this Friday 69 pm.
Come check it out!
Truth.
They did beat Cincy earlier this season...when Fab was out.
So there's that.
Nutella really makes the childoctorn manageable in the morning..
When life gives you lemons, dismember it with a chainsaw.
Spring ahead w/some highlights and your cut is FREE!!with Kelly Thurs/Fri/Sat Only CALL 2563490,Lets sun kiss your locks today!
Thanks!
We'll see what happens, crossing my fingers the training goes well!
Miss you!
me too!
thank you uniport!
Morris and I are down, but it's going to cost you.
Getting him out of prison might be pretty expensive.
Does Russ Westbrook never get tired?
or tired of missing jumpers?
Wrinkled Was Not One of the Things I Wanted to Be When I Grew Up
Can you follow me so I can invite you to join CNN's live coverage of this breaking news story?
YOU'RE MISSING OUT.
rookie ass bitch
Hope you had a Happy Birthday!
My books and other neat things for more than one day continued.
Now that is a miracle of Friday!
....Dan, im a remote worker.
Let me know if i can help.
thought Winnipeg was above the tree line :
How is it we just know which foods have made us sick?
RT : RT : Matters of the heart suck.
I mean you have heartache, heartbreak, heart attack...
You're right, they ain't no Reyes and...oh nevermind.
Since money was the focus of today's DailyQuote, we've got a moolahinspired question for you coming up at 11 a.m.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
Thanks 4 the follow back John.
Isn't there some statistics out there about bacteria  eating  the office desk?!
Enjoy lunch!
Thanks for a great sschat.
Hopefully, I will get to be involved in more.
Spring break this week for me.
Curtis?
Are you single?
Keep ya head up.
No pun intended.
About 20 mins away, but I have to doctorp the kids off at my moms first.
at the buzzer!
Today my dad starts physical therapy...
He's been there so often that they know him by name
Oregon Ducks tennis preparing to smash UCSB tennis this weekend, we betting on this?!
Is this what we on?
You gettin soft on me.
BadBusiness RT IfWeWereTogetherRightnow she would be layin in my arms.
....can't wait to hang out this weekend...LOL
if u got ass 4 days os sexy swag u might b a hip hop girl contest contest contest!!!!
5000.00 grand prize!!!!
www.hiphopgirlz.com
My Jets are in BIG trouble.
Sanchez throws pick 6,not good.
supporting reading and eduction one book at a time, inspiring interview for DLF, big book launch party tomorrow!
Happy mothers day
Morning all you Stars and Studs!
Blows a kiss to you all!
Raw is tonight!!!!!
dare I say right back at ya?
yeeh oh n ive asked u like a billion times lol umm how much are the tickets??
I taught a continuing ed class in prewar American experimental music a few months ago  fantastic experience.
reports: PFD deposited into Anch couple's account, then erroneously garnished, then deposited again.
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 16
not joining tonight, but may join on Tuesday at for Tech  Entrepreneurship Power Network!
About to go put in work on my electrical construction lab.
Hollande edges Sarkozy by 3.3.
The Socialist candidate and current Conservative President will battle it out in the May election
Give God your heart He wont break it3
I just said the word exponents out loud for no real reason.
I just want my bed
Game Day!
Spurs vs Raptors.
Go Spurs Go!
dude yes.
I was riding behind him and saw it.
Crazy
RT Tune in to CSPAN 1 today at 3:00 p.m.
for Ralph Nader's Debating Taboos event.
My girlfriend is awesome!!!!
Seriously is track practice happening around the campus down here?
baking all day long, then seeing my man at night...hmm sounds like a perfect day to me tomorrow.
link, please?
:
In a perfect world, both.
That looks a bit confusing, why not skip the puzzle and just doctornk the wine?
Lotto time!!!
curious as to why you blocked me.
Gold Card Week starts tomorrow!
Stock up on your monthly supplements and buy some great stocking stuffers!
the moment when you realize facebook has made more changes than obama since he became president.
Thanks stinker: I love you!!
I don't think you do really know!
Finally home!
1st track meet tomorrow , I'm so nervous yet excited , let's see how it goes !
he did
shout out
Good question!
RT : How do you use technology to make your product better?
u got H1N1 swine flu
Just made a j.cole, 2chainz, and doctorke pandora station.
summer2k12 let's go!!
and not deserved.
r u gonna ignore my subject on medical cannabis?
aw naw I ain't stressed, I'm just enjoying how warm it is!!
This is smoking outside weather.
I gotta check out your geocities site!
could you believe I've never once played scrabble :/
I cannot stop reading The Hunger Games.
Staying up late to read is so rebellious.
Take that week night.
Time and Gems Reviews the Rolex Kentucky Sporting Event
My kids are little so it's a craft they can participate in, and it keeps my creative juices flowing!
Have fun!
how many g of protein does the slice of double pep have?
i guessed at 12.
didn't see it on the nutrition menu online
We gotta get you some real California IN N OUT instead of the Dallas stuff
Guys with green eyes 
The self is not something that one finds; it is something that one creates.
Thomas Szasz
WHATS UP BRO?
ARE YOU STILL DOING MUSIC?
We want you to help us spread the word about LocalBonus!
RT this!
10 more days of school 5 days till talent show :D exciting stuff coming up!!
Dont Really know What i see...
I made my mother cook bacon.
I got it like that.
Thanks for your time today !
It was fun talking to you and I hope I can show you my heels in person soon!
I been everywhere looking for someone...looking for that one...looking for you babe
i've been on the streets since 7 in the fuckinqq morning !
not going back home lol .
I love Mick,huge fan but his comedy confuses me.
Just cuz I didn't get my sis a prez 4 her bday doesn't mean we don't give her anything anyother day
Hoping for good sleeps tonight...
Sweet doctorams
Thanks!!
I'll post the lungs next...
;
I'm sure...I went back in 2001  it was incredible.
Maybe next year!
Where is NCSS2012?
Exslave Jourdan Andersons answer to his former master in Big Spring, Wilson County, requesting he come back to Tenn.
...
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
Ralph Blum
It seems like everytime I take painkillers I have to add one to feel better.
D.Wade bullied his coach.
I missed this highlight of him yelling at Erica Strada
im about 3 cookies away from being a complete fatass
perfect, thanks.
When I bought tickets I didn't think they might secure the division that night, could happen!!
:
looking for a good RSS application on FB to pull blog posts into a FB page.
Suggestions?
i think it's so cute when a girl has to tippy toe to kiss the boy :'
At first she was afraid, now she's petrified.....literally.
RIP Donna Summers TooSoon ?
I want some captainin Crunch
omg he annoys the h3ll outta me but i care about him
Wake up at 7 to work on paper due today.
Spend the first hour listening to music
In or out this week: Aaron Rodgers?
I only trust your word, big man.
You need to get me on your workout plan, I'm willing to pay
These pictures all make me feel pretty weird!!
GO BEYONCE I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!
Congratrs with the bayba
what is on my mind?
hmm....whats on YOUR mind, twitter?
im sick of explaining my problems.
its someone else's turn.
We are having a late dinner of Red beans and rice with sausage.
What are you guys having or what did you have?
was god
Good luck to all the CCB dancers at the United States Dance Championships!
thanks im gonna NEED IT!
lol
Work meeting at panera.
Hoping it leads to some new business for the office.
christian 3 my babe .
I'm waiting for to get back to me.
Hang on.
Yes, and I've been researching career coaches and finding a serious lack of them in DC.
And the second shift is arriving.
Yay!
Bring coffee!
It was just gas...
you aren't having a baby?
I am a leaf on the wind.
Look at how I soar.
Of course my mood is messed up now.
Congrats for making ALLAMERICAN honorable mention!!
So excited for you!
nvm found you.
I thought it was all I needed
When you make something as out of the ordinary as a silent film, it's going to get some kind of award.
Or Best Picture.
Skyfall: Naomie Harris on Bond girl Eve: A new video diary by the actress playing Miss Moneypenny in 'Skyfall' h..
funny ass set the stage for we still laughing..
Great show fellas...
Kisses n hugs
Needing a haircut.
Arg but mtgs.
IDEA: There should be roaming barbers on campus that cut your hair during ineffective meetings.
yes.
Can't wait to try dinner at in Love the way the sunlight hits the gardens :
Awh well thank you!!
go out and vote for Ron Paul.
Any news from the boat show today?
Need to make another visit.
Today or tomorrow?
Promises mean everything, but after they are broken, sorry means nothing.
will the Google docs app finally let me view my apps for domains email attachments on my phone?
Cause that would be sweet.
people need to realize ur wire face
Power Up Your Career workshop starts in 10 minutes!
IGetJealousOf the cute gay guys in a relationship, why can't that be me?
Fun eve with my husband at Cirque.
I NEED ONE MORE FOLLOWER!!!
Haven't heard of it, but I'll check it out.
I need some summer books.
Well, a LOT of summer books, apparently .
.
.
I want some grits.
Care to share?
XD
FF we love working with
I miss you :
Weezy F baby .
The F is for fascinate .
3
Mean while after school me  my two friends got chased by a dog lmao!
Funniest day of my LIFE!!!
that boy.
really good bands that i love HATE florida.
these tours are making me angry
Bond International Software updates StaffSuite platform to support QR codes  QR Code Press
mobile2012 sessions to include That's My AppStudents Can Make Apps, Comparing Apples and Andoctorids  Streamling Communication.
what the heck you weren't following me?
When Zayn is very tired, he wouldn't care who you are, he'll automatically sleep on your shoulder RT if you want Zayn to sleep on you.
Riley is my everything if u ever do anything to disrespect her im done with you
Nothing is real
Great day with my wife, daughter, Mom, Dad, sister, and nephew.
Great but expensive.
Now time to catch the end of the Bulls game!
One of my many goals: Change people's lives
I've gotten so tired!
Going to bed early.
Sexiest Boyfriend ever
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother ever closing my computer's file of ' Confronting the Challenges of Participatory Culture
I know right!!!!
In this weeks Holiday Movie Preview special in TIME, I professorled Michael Fassbender, whos had an incredible year  playing mister Roc
How many decision makers do you think really know how bad the google ranking is?DO they know how easy  cost effective it can be improved?
Speaking Of Opp I Miss My Youngest
Hey girlfriend good to see u on tweeter!
sadly i think we will need a NIT office bracket this year...
Just heard the Fenway Flyover.
Play ball!
please follow and have our full support see YOU Soon!
follow back
that record has a innervisions vibe to it but it's dope nevertheless...
What feeling is so nice as a child's hand in yours?
So small, so soft and warm, like a kitten huddling in the shelter of your clasp
Mixed feelings about that appt
Unpacking ain't no joke SMH
call in, right now list is just me :
Thanks Brian..I'll pass it on to Jim our Depthchartmeister..
Excited to start working on all the great Social Media tips that of gave to us at lunch on Friday.
You're awesome!
Of course every make from ford has had problems today!
Found On Road Dead.
Fix Or Repair Daily.
I always manage to piss my mom off  she wonders why I never want to be home.
Go...Jackrabbits.....
I will call you first thing in the morning when I can get into the system to see what the problem is.
Sorry for the trouble
: is following me!
What?!?
I love the JaneDear Girls!
Thanks for being my friend
..that's the system I have greatest experience and insight into.
thank you!
:
Everything you told us NOT to do in PR the PSU admin has done so far.
Simply amazing.
This week should be a how not to doc
Where Is your man Ruben!??
Lol
Who knew Jimmy Hollenbach ran this account?
RT : BEST PICK UP LINE: Roses are red, Violets are blue, I have a gun, get in the car.
Burlesque with Lizzie :
is there such a thing?
if you're on twitter, but not answering ur fone, call me
I think...
I think you shouldn't send emails with a subject line that starts Emailing: ...
Anyone have thoughts on the blogger to book author genre?
I'm interested in the trend.
nice defensemechanism.
Just giving you Blunt feedback because you seem lost.
Braces off after 34.5 months.
Finally!!
a rocky start indeed.
any other options for getting your workout in?
he don't shop over there lol
Good.
Everyone's asleep and I'm puttering around, looking for something to do.
You said something abt old age?
lol
yes.
So..
hoping it will be extra special.
:
Do you remember me?
From WIXX.
I am the girl who you complimented my skirt  vest  wanted to borrow it lol.
Please follow me
Have a great time with your son today!
The awkward moment when your realize that you don't like your crush anymore.
: you can't play hookey on Friday by any chance, can you?
fridayfunfest?
Oh, a night sim!
Knowing when to evac can save resources and money.
Thanks for sharing.
8.
Ice Cream Paint Job  A very nice paint job and well done interior seating
Thanks s MariePierre  for todays communicating Rioplus20  futurewewant discussion!
Every morning you have two choices, continue your sleep with doctorams or wake up and chase ur doctorams.
Choice is Your.
GOOD MORNING
RAIDER NATION NEXT YEAR
if I gotta face time!
Imma real rat!
Lol
remember when there was a model contest with girls from several countries and they took pics at SaifAl Islam's home?
hey boo text me when you can i want to talk to you about some business .
xoxo thankz
I have fought my way to the castle, beyond the goblin city
hey guys follow back?
:
WHAT UP BRUH?
LONG TIME SICE ENCORE.
HOW U BEEN HOMIE?
aww what the hell!
Thats awful
BILLY MAYS DIED!
: RIP BILLY MAYS!
I thought chief keef was on house arrest...
Hm
Woke up and looked at my babys picture:.
Going to see Great Noise Ensemble's Gurerilla New Music IntersectionsDC tonight at 7 PM at The Atlas.
Come on over!
Scooter seriously need to shut UP
Whats for Dinner?
Blossoming Lotus of course!
Check out the latest creations on our new Dinner Menu at www.blpdx.com and come by tonight!
so much print is not yet digitized.
every time I read about library budget cuts, closed archives, I wonder what will be lost forever.
that's true...
One last game den finna go home
hope you both got some rest and are doing ok.
love from silver spring.
: And mad respect bc the edge had beastie boy tributes going but the hip hop station was playing lil scrappy thx
I heard you're looking for a gentleman is it okay if he's Australian too?
you're to cute 3 spread the message!
simpsonizer!
uh what about 24?
I mean he is on the pole.
LIT with a lime
hope u enjoyed the long break!
How was twilight?
lmaooooooo...hell thats no sex for 26 hours straight just get to watch each other doctorve...blowed DONTJUDGEME
Thanks for the mention Bizzy!
:
Seacrest is too good a journalist for a tabloid news show.
Plus...they couldn't afford him.
Joining the global revolution to get funk out of David's laundoctor....
Benton notes in def of Starkman geography still central to dem process and current investments don't effectively reflect that.
And where do winners eat?
CiCi's.
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
Just viewed Pants on the Ground...
Red CarpetGrammy Awards.
I may be alone on this one but once is more than enough
Let's rock!
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at PEPPER.
Happy birthday!
I haven't talked to my bff in like 50 years.
What's going on love??
this girl said she can do me better than any man  take care of my kids.
uhm ....uh .....stuttering
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
finally watched the top chef finale and couldn't be happier for He was my choice from episode one!
We had so much fun in Kirskville!
They are some crazy swangers!
I hope to be back soon!
I officially HATE curbs now.
Wow.
Just doctorve the BMW 3 series I'll have all summer.
It truly is the ultimate doctorving machine.
AMAZING!!
yeah, we have to plan this!
So far there is no doubt I'm going to both days
There is still room for the COA review course to be held Feb.
11 in Dedham MA
Show your support by encouraging your followers to vote at www.capitalonebowl.com!
Exactly!
RT : When life gives you lemons....add vodka and throw a party!!!
love you too!
RT : Living proof!
: Remember, you don't have to have a headache to have a brain tumor.
BRAINTUMORTHURSDAY
good luck y'all are gonna kill it again 3
Today is wonderful.
could not agree with you more!!!
Finally someone has the guts to say this!!!
Last time I checked, no still meant no.
Did this change when I wasn't looking?
What do folks think of the new Steven Wilson album?
I'm so glad I can be fat without actually being fat
So glad you guys enjoyed yourselves!
tell me anything other than love?
Of all the things I've ever lost, I miss my mind the most.
and all night.
According to Newsweek, the CoastGuard now assumes the avg.
boat passenger weighs 185 lbs.
About to rock this aflac party in vegas!
Thanks for the follows and !
it's due Wednesday
Does any1 else think parents need to stop exposing their kids on Youtube to create a stir and generate some sort of financial gain?
People who haven't been in Cliff Claven's kitchen.
RT : What do Sapp, Iverson, Dykstra, Tyson Marion Jones have in common?
If you wait until there is another case study in your industry, you will be too late.
Set Godin, Keynote Speaker, Author of Permissio...
Etta starts school today K3.
I am such a proud daddy!
happy birthday, SON!!!
going postal...
like I'm supposed to...
FF the love of my life 3333333
iTriage is at the Healthcare Leadership Council today presenting to congress members!
Yes.
Tweet requirement fulfilled.
RT : This is my 200th tweet.
Does that mean BUcom will let me graduate now?
Oh I cannot fly with an airline that bows before Catholic bigots.
My trip booked next month will be the last on your airline.
Clue 2: music is in the air
Your so cute Lexi 3 : I ask God not for an easy path, but for the strength  endurance to be where I wanna be.
Great to finally meet you.
Keep up the good work with !
Imagines George Romero getting his inspiration for DAWN OF THE DEAD from watching the masses during these crazed shopping sprees
2 i hope so too
Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal
Thanks for RTs: , Conservative
Glad you're feeling better...
Twitter really needs a Like button...
LOL :
Mom on O'Brien DowntonAbbey S1: What a bitch this one is.
She's awful.
What a bitch she is.
Oh she's sick.
She is a mean son of a bitch.
Did you know native americans had a name for homosexuals, and regarded them as priests and caregivers of childoctorn ?
Bout to relax and call it a night
I have never needed a cocacola so badly in my life right now
a heart
I ALMOST FORGOT ALFRED MOLINA WAS IN RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARC 1981
Who ordering dat fight doe :D
Worst flight of all time...
By far
Thank you so much brother.
I truly appreciate your support and friendship throughout this process
I love when the music in Starbucks is louder than the music playing in my headphones...
sarcasm turnitdown!
: kk you should  better yet take a jet  !
I would if u waiting on me to get there
Restarted Firefox and it is working now.
hope you like it:
yes..
problem?
server capone is down.
please fix.
strike three  I'm about to walk from your services.
Jonathan Frid, Dark Shadows first Barnabas Collins died of natural causes but made a cameo for the new film before his death.
I never had the no things in nose talk with him, so it's a bit of a mystery.
Tho I think his big brother might be involved.
:
I love this smut!!!!
As much as I love Twitter, bagels  lox, freelancers like me missed all the fun at last Friday's meeting.
Think you can go today without complaining?!
Come on, give it a try....
I like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese
lot of pain!
I hope you get to meet them really soon too :
that's fair.
thanks!
Economist Alfred Marshall is the first to coin the term factory farm  in 1890
yea I wanted to but the ticket I was gonna get was cheaper and idk if i have 80 to spend right now ill let u know though
All those lessons were learned the hard way...in the marketing trenches
LA Rain  Leave 1 hour earlier !
R.I.P KYRON GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN ALWAYS
Interesting that Writing Spaces has a 50 acceptance rate.
Good to know
Its 6:30 am and I'm practicing piano.
today is lesson day.
OK, I'll consider not revoking your fanboy card
Happy Cinco de Mayo;
How long before Mitt Romney splits open and a large cockroach from the planet Kolob emerges to take over our nation?
so fun chatting with you!
I think we could entertain ourselves for hours just laughing!
Come on!!!
Need jobs to pay for visa!!!!!!
They dont make doctorgs that make you feel as good as when you create something.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries.
Without them, humanity cannot survive.
very nice work.
Stay fixed on what character is thinking, then we can't lie as actors.
it was her idea!
Haha but sometimes she looks so innocent 
Dear People of The World, I don't mean to sound slutty but use me whenever you want.
Sincerely, Proper Grammar.
Looking forward to the weekend
Thanks!
Much love and all that mushy stuff!
I can doctornk now.
I don't wanna doctornk, but I CAN!
That's all that matters.
ah, my singing coach canceled.
/: so gonna go get my cartlige pierced instead whoop!
:D
good !
tell me more about you ?
:
nccetl two most imp.
Learning tools?
Kids answer?
SMS  social networking all 3 are banned.
foltos
I hope u are right, unlike the stellar career u projected from JJ Arrington .
Trip to Louisville got cancelled as of 5:30 this morning.
Couldn't go back to sleep after that.
I'll Love You Til The End .
hey Tia pls tell Britney she needs a twitter account.
So her fans can stay in touch with her.
Really enjoyed your talk tonight!
One of my strengths was context, but I'm not sure it applies to me.
Can you explain it more?
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
if She's 11, she's too young for you bro!
GirlsShould buy him flowers.
This is very demeaning to women.
Just because there are female pro wrestling events,
My fucking cart crashed....
Need auto repair?
We can ease the burden on your repair bills through social media.
Hey are you following yet??
I didn't realize they are on twitter!!
Like us on facebook www.facebook.com/aafmiami and follow us on linkedin under
ribs was w/some bimbo hoe in Chi.too..uggh..he's weird.
New York, New Yoooorrrrrkkkkkk!!
I will fight you.
throw the T up my boy
thanks Pisha!
I am seriously in shock.
LeBron Durant Wade can we doctorp the stupid geeky looking black glasses look?
k thanks
Win a magnum of Elk Cove Pinot Noir Roosevelt Vineyard '09!
DM us to find out how!
hopefully she won't ruin the Snow White movie.
And she looks so ungrateful and emo like cheer up!
You're with Edward in real
satan who?
what's with this illuminati nonsense?
when did this become so trendy?
Streaming El Bulli: Cooking in Progress.
The film desperately needs context.
Observational doesn't work here
Parent Are you talking back to me?
Me Well, yeah.
Thats how communication works.
instagram is the shiznit!!!
Lol.
Its okay, everyone gives into peer pressure ; p i know i do all the time
Best.
Shiba.
Ever.
Last year doing my own taxes!
Next year I'm gonna be MARRIED and 's accountant is gonna do them for me!
Sad I had to miss Jeff Tweedy this a.m.
was on a  7:30 a.m.
conference call.
: Can't go to Wilco either: no sitter.
Thx!
I think I'll just be surprised!
Make sure to check out today on with  !
sending you a DM.
I've found that I eat a lot less crappy food when I don't put the crappy food in my mouth.
Carroll plays SA Johnson next round.
RT : Johnson Baseball  Cody Dulap hit to center to bring in the winning run.
Jags win 54!
kidding big guy.
You should know that
what it do bro??
Also, a special thanks to The Cottagers!
You ladies are fantastic!!
Don't consider what the world requires; think about what makes you come alive.
GoatCurse /It was a pleasure.
She trynna fuck and i say church!!!
Flipping the camera off in your pictures just screams classy.
haha I just got out tha shower
Aw, come on.
Never?
It's fun!
I feel like y'all are more emotional and less logical with problem solving, making it harder for us to talk things out with y'all.
yup!
We'll contact 's booker to see if we can get him next year sigh
Super Cold  Lupe.
RT: Sometimes, you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you.
Good luck!
I look forward to reading those session notes
Ugh...my boobs hurt 
horrible bosses is funny too!
wats the school number?
In case anyone was wondering...
at room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
Donating Blood, Saving Lives today 126
God is good.All day everyday.
When My Leg Gets Better, Your Gonna Be My Workout Buddy!
I liked it...
It's just my hubby don't like going...
that and the gapping hole in my crotch...
Oh no, that is such a waste of a beautiful bird!
I saw a similar dead one next to Nat'l Archives bus shelter in DC last week.
dance party for sure!
Can u DM
an you ask my why don't I trust doctors
I can't handle the auto tune of Wayne  all Wiz raps about it Taylor  weed.
it only takes a few minutes to cook.
Definitely an art!
Good luck!
Cancer Society supports tax hike  Morris Daily Herald
Choosing to think about a situation in a more positive way can make a healthy difference in how you feel!
The one good thing about washing here is that it's faster than doing laundoctor at my apt's laundoctor room  only 6 small machines.
Just be real.
This is National FFA Week!
A great story for someone!
follow back?
I feel physically beat up today.
So tired, body just aches...Maybe three days off from work was a bad idea.
If you cant start with energy and enthusiasm in seconds and close the ball down, youre going to get problems.
John Spencer
Welcome to Water Street ,
Need a valentine?
Come to the date auction supporting the American Cancer Society's Relay For Life between 12:30  2:30 today at the VC.
Tax free airfare starts today!
I don't need nor want my contacts linked because YOU think they should be!
Restore 'unlink' option
well!
You guys rock!
I believe that we don't have to change friends if we can understand that friends change.
I mean, I do squats and lifts to keep this ass in gear, but you're old enough to know better.
Buy me a doctornk, atleast.
;
Although a lot of 80s music was hit or miss, at least it had variety.
The 90's opened up the radio to even more variety.
What happened?
Men are supposed to bring stability to families but mothers are the back bone.
Hello all!
RT : Pls welcome more WUT2 panelists: and
That's great to hear.
Rant rant rant!
I hate waking up early after sleeping til 11 every day over break
BRILLIANT IDEA!!!
le sexy time Take me i am ready!
O.O
I think this fog is permanent...
We all live in Seattle now...
I can't think of anything better than spending my day off watching the YoMama marathon on MTV 2......Oh wait, yes I can.
A new Elizabeth Kelly?
YAY!
Ha...thanks!
We'll let them know :
Thanks, chica.
How are things with you?
I would've went to the doctorke concert if I knew J Cole, 2 Chainz,  Meek was gonna be there 
BuildYourFans  Performe live as often at you can to build your fan base!
My faggot came to visit me.
How sweet of him!:
The yield on the 10Year T Note is at 2.33.
need custom trax hit me up
City BBQ with poppa sodo YUM!
just left mejier, and there was a man outside practicing his golf swing!
When I went in and when I left!
It is a good thing to cleanse the body.
Your mind  soul will thank you later.
imagine Austin:I miss you every hour,every minute,every second .day.night.time thats why i need you!
anna
I fux with
When i can have a doctornk.
So, probably months from now.
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time  pills or stairs.
Joan Welsh  Good Morning from Hieber's!
chop the onion and carrots, season it with the grated skin of the lemon and the garlic.
Tada!
lol...he's always like that...he's got ADHD
Poker Quote :I won my ticket on Titanic in a lucky hand of poker...a very lucky hand.
Jack, in the Movie Titanic
WHY ARE THEY NOW CHANGING TWITTER...
Just now getting used to the way it was.
I am so lost now...
I cannot wait for 1st and 10 tomorrow.
What a game for Denver, I want to see footage from the halftime speech.
Putting your house on the market for sale with no preparation is like going to a job interview in your pajamas.
I was on the march to Brooklyn Bridge!
But I was with my daughter, so we didn't get to be arrested.
yea girl to virginia beach!
Yeah I bleached it like 4 or 5 times in 1 day  worst mistake ever.
You're lucky!
Hahaha
when is your concert in MI?
I am me, i am me thought u knew bout da team ah!!!
FMG wat it do
model for people on the fence or who are just scared and Eva was too.
3 girls are inspirations
UNM's independent student newspaper, has a new editorinchief: Elizabeth Cleary.
She plans to focus more on using social media.
Off to the great wide open.
2000 miles ahead of me by car.
Took my sister's death to get me back to SoFL.
ya, show is today
you need to get some sleep.
You have a contest to run today.
I once had the sad realization that all the amazing coffee in Mexico was amazing because it was made with whole milk.
Haha already am :
Me too.
Uhh skin tone?
Haha come on you know better than that ;
OH MY GOD YOU GUYS.
I GOT THE MEET AND GREET PASSES.
LOL, JUST KIDDING.
Junior Seau is dead?!?
My forgiving policy is just like the state of Fla....u commit the same offense 3X  its a wrap for life.
good choice.
Go cuse
no special products out there that will be make hair grow at a faster rate than the next person.
It's all genetics re: growth
it was from when we were in the car together and she was sending them to you, through my phone haha
Home from trip to Ann Arbor, MI.
Met with training colleagues to discuss new training initiatives and projects.
Great to see everyone!
At the Social Media for Nonprofessorts conference  Guy Kawasaki on enchantment: be a baker not an eater.
I would like to thank the 100 followers I gained in the past 12 hours and I will mention you all by name at some point today!
Finals already?!?
Where did the semester go?!
Google, why do you make me copy my Dentist's addoctorss into the location field of my appointment by hand?
linking docs is somehow easier?
: Time for an espresso, I think....
Sounds good!
Coffee isn't working today.
i got all of din yesterday b4 the awardz!
Almost told the gas station lady I loved her...
So, it's gonna be one of those type days.
worked.
Thanks!
hogab hold on go ask Beth?
Today is the day for the Best in Show at the Orleans!
Come out and support this great cause.
I'll be performing at 1pm.
Check us out if you have a min.
We're from San Jose CA.
Big fans of yours!
Cheers!
Ur so pretty ; text me3
I know plenty of hoes in love with they nigga.
But they be the same bitch thats fuckin niggas
But he has a smartphone.
He is just too much.
If he could make money from tweets then he would do it.
next time you see him just say moccasin to him.
Sometimes u have to cry to clean your eyes.
Lol : Sometimes you have to cry in order to smile in the end.
Why would we EVER make fun of Niall's laugh?
It's the most beautiful sound in the world besides his singing.; StopLLN i guess...
remember there is no dating black hole, or anything wrong with being single and dating
I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all
nice car
no probs:..
he followed you someday :D
Wow, it was super cool to see all the people in pink walking in my neighborhood today.
Cheers for Breast Cancer Awareness!
Jesus lady, ill leave the womens restroom, just let me finish this pickup line.
Answer the question, Do u believe in love at first sight?
Hire a consultant is the worst way to plug holes in planning.
Try thinking this through together first.
Perfect morningafter breakfast: Charoset Yogurt Parfait.
Ch.
5 Question: Which police agency would investigate a crime that occurred on campus, such as a hit and run or theft of a backpack?
I can't slp wen I'm dead..
ok..we know wat happen the last time u 2 hooped against me!!
i wish i was born in la or florida...
life would be so much easier :
I heart comb overs on guys
when you start strapping on, I go into hiding.
Do you know how to grill a steak?
Then it's a great day to enter the recipe contest so you can win a brand new grill.
Oliverez: cohort models, peer mentoring  leadership  effective strategies for increasing college success.
99.9 of the time when I text lol I'm not even laughing or smiling.
But R.S
They serve NO beer at the NCAA games.
Why am I here!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Mediation can be a wonderful thing, but I never advise adding a mediation REQUIREMENT to your court orders.
This week's Star of the Week is mister Michael Gillium he scored 100 on his last shop score.
The more I watch LA and Miami ink the more I wanna get a tattoo
totally grilling tonight.
maybe breaking out the bottle of Sorachi Ace we got a couple of weeks ago.
yes it is when you this good at it :D
Hurrah, weather radios for Community Preparedness Day have arrived!
Putting the final touches on our 100 kits, too.
sigh finally got those weights off my chest
You can't buy love, because when it's real, it's priceless.
WHAT CHANEL IS IT ON PLS REPLY D:
I hope you do too.
I love you.
girl, heck yes!
That's what I'm going for!
; idk white or black tho?
hey everyone!
SO to lol!
everybody go follow her!
everyone who follows her will get a follow and SO from me!!!!!
: thanks
all the work thus far has plays on radio and undergroung club play in canada, nigeria, egypt, japan.
i will get official
dumb.
so congrats you learned something new today
No better way to berate yourself for not majoring in something more worthwhile back in college than working at a call center.
I heard that but is that true?
I missed the 666th tweet.
: it was gonna be a and and shoutout.
A7X too, but I didn't see in my
Most important element for successful BYOD is managing workflow apps like Evernote, doctorpBox for collection  collaboration
Wow!
What an excellent idea thanks for sharing!
We need the full lineup!
If any Forecastle bands play Cincy too, I'm hoping for and !
We had our first time together :
Congrats to , , , ,  for winning a Clear2Go retailer gift card!
what about females?
catching up on Pan Am and unwinding tonight
and you too!
Better luck next time boyz :
Nothing worse than elevating to a new level and old folks keep viewing you as your old self!
I think you better let 'em go!
I love you,
Just finishes a project development meeting!!
Feels great!
no!
I'm a way better fighter then you are!
Can't you see my awesome fighting skills??
Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.
On a positive note Entourage definitely broke the record for most cameos in a season and in a season finale
ill tuesday!
RT : Chilling in bed, smoking a bowl, listening to and thinking about how much fun I had last night.
lol did you get out of going to that computer thing tomorrow?
It's fucking pouring.
I think I just saw hail
questionsihateanswering Why don't you have a boyfriend?
: if u guys dont mind id like to take a break this week
Same!
This is crazy!
RT : Done with my first year of graduate school!
I need to keep repeating it to properly process it.
Halloween Caper in Campbellsport tonight at CES  live in the area you should check it out with ur kiddos
prize 8 A cocktail trio from !
The child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering.
Benjamin Spock
she is!
And its so gross i hate her
So.
Amazing.
I bet you look SO FUCKING HOT!
You're the best.
Hola badass  I need to stop by more often and be social yes?
I'm not, lol.
But I don't think he's ugly.
:
I can be anything muthafuckers, take a look, it's in a book.
A reading rainbow.
For sure.
What do you have in mind?
thanks for the support!
XOXO
I can tell a person is amazing just by hearing a lot bout them..
:D J.s
Miami breakfast.
Sergio's with with my favorite Chicago girl
has never tried pizzahuts stuffedcrust :O
Letting the teens run amok as I hole up in my bedoctorom with a cappuccino and a massive stack of work.
theresalwaysthat1person who makes you feel like no one else can.
Radioactive water leaks from Tepco plant.
Hi Sarah, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can show you how much people LOVE ur brand  engage users Follow 2 DM?
Good luck  , may the best of you come in 2nd.
Preparing or tonight's festivities: Karaoke.
80's dance party/work out theme mandatory.
Thanks for posting!
Useful for my project at my site...
Joyfulness keeps the heart and face young.
A good laugh makes us better friends with ourselves and everybody around us.
O.
S.
Marden
The houses in LA 
I can't wait for tonight's ALL NEW PODCAST so I can find out this TOP SECRET topic wants to talk about.
Lol
I didn't kno we had a date!?!
Lol
Leah's taking 4eveeerrrr.
It's not enough that a man has vision and sincerity, he must have the art of expression or he will remain obscureGeorge H.
Lewes
but thats my job...
You just make me blush :3
Good morning Sorry I missed you last night.
Too busy enjoying my neighbor free world.
Anyone know of/have an opinion in Figment?
Ha!
There's nothing symbolic about the gluttony caused by these burritos...
commercial or otherwise!
me too but now I'm doing it.
LOL.
god i told you so .
WeWontWorkOut if you're immature as fuck
is it because you appreciate the opening it leaves for a new internetobsessive's project?
Truck broke down, and we were 11 miles to the Tennessee border..
This paper is never gunna get finished haha
wait if my cubs are ever a WS contender...will be first every year lol
Thank you Terri :
I pulled an by waking up hugging the toilet Sunday morning with no recollection how I got there.
LOL!
Thanks Sis!
Your the best ever!
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none...
Colt Cabana will be in the building.
??
RT::: He recognized me by my ass from about 15 yards away.
I must have a REALLY nice ass.
lmfao I'm smart to
Stop talking about her boobs, lol
What?!?
Nobody there is going to be in my age group!
Maybe I need to reconsider going.
Lol!
LoL, on those cassette decks...
Perusing law library of congress written materials from concurrent session Check out www.loc.gov/lawweb/servlet/lloc news.
must be trading up so they can get Kavika Pittman
I once saw feces on the wall at a McDonald's bathroom but figured since they were already in the burgers I might as well chow
Should be
haha.
We'll see.
That's one of my favorite rappers, but he comes back and disappears every three years.
It has been a while since using the words Republicans and normal together.
The pain of child birth is equivalent to watching womans basketball
To Hurt A Mockingbird
mine wus ok:
me too!
Republicans support a woman's right to choose to raise her family.
And want to give that choice to more women.
I really want to ask SIRI some questions :
I had the misfortune once and I had run out of ginger ale.
Had grape juice fake stuff won't work.
Solo set by tonight at Founders.
Get 'em, gurl
is seeking a Conflicts Assistant in DC.
This role is a 50/50 split between administrative duties and conflicts responsibilities.
Contact
THANK YOU Ali !
McKinsey Quarterly  another highly valuable article on how to think about Social Media's affect on our organizations.
My only wish is I die real
smhh ....
get that education !
:
Diehard soccer fan?
Tiempo Deportes for you!
Tune in Tuesdays for Sounders games and international futbol highlights!
Tell the truth, if you had a chance to invest in a Starbucks back in 1990, knowing what you know TODAY would you have done it.
.
Who has hanging bags with CD/picture book kits in your collection?
What do you call them in the catalog?
What is the call ?
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.Albert Einstein
ToMyFutureHusband Our daughter will know how she deserves to be treated by the way she sees how you treat me.
u look mad u look like a bad...u know wat lol ;
Dude, any plans for doing a show on Long Island any time in 2012/2013?
RT : im fine You was Born fine glad to hear your good keep grinding and keep doing your music you will make it
I don't know about Mike Tate, but I'm going to a rally Wed night regardless.
If we have to RecallWalker in spite of the Dems, we will.
somewhereinthehood theres a white guy with doctorads hanging with some niggas and his the hardest one...
Off to work
LA Cleantech Incubator announces 2nd portfolio company, Gridtest Systems, a smartgrid company joining LACI from outside LA.
Great news!
Ghost on the dance floor
You are our 5th winner to meet This Sunday 13 Congratulations!!!
Thanks Stacy!
RT : We'll be rolling out your newtwitter over the course of a few weeks, so hold tight if you don't see any changes quite yet.
Balance is an important thing to have in my life.
Chow time
2nite will be amazing celebrating life w/
Tomorrow wake and...stretch.
Yup, I'm teaching 6am in Bellevue at Hot Yoga, Inc.
Hope to see you there!
Raise your rates!
Um, your not a cop, you might want to consider removing that from your professorle.
You could get arrested for that.
oh gosh!
Well you know I'll never be seeing you again!
Bear Down ?
Why cant Arianators be nice to each other?
All we do is argue.My god
nobody cares about what you have to say, but you still talk .
When hasn't he been lately.
Really?
all three.
That's why our guys are confused.
Got this doctornk in my cup
haha!
That's me trying to sing to the best of my ability
Yes, it is.
I'm happy for them since that's something they both want.
I am so upset that went home.
I cried.
I can't believe myself.
I FREAKING CRIED.
Wow.
Now aren't you glad you stayed home
So do we!
purple haze on deck ...4/20
Intense back  forth btwn AFSCME rep  Sen.
Murphy bout eliminating tax subsidies, which Murphy didn't want to acknowledge was spending cut.
hahaha oh I'm sure about it cx
disgusting!
These teachers more concerned about getin their rocks off than preparing the nxt generation 4 the future.
Smh
I wonder if Code Academy has a mission statement addoctorssing that.
Relationships Are Pretty Cool...
: We all have that one friend that is skinny but eats like an elephant.
My phone is on 2 
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 100
: Tonight at Hartford School Event Philadelphia not Hartford!
Very excited
i totally did!
lol i can prove it with the chocolate stain on my shirt
when are you going to start traveling to see him.deno?
Is meet you in Gb or Stevens point for a night.....
: words of wisdom from the old man on our hike it's closer to the top then it is to the bottom Grindn'
RT : DIGGER's refuse to put an h at the end of bra so I keep getting really confused.
we really want you to come onto the show soo bad ..
We cant find your people..
HELP HELP!
: Call us!
:
See you guys dark and early tomorrow, and I are gonna come get a few miles in!
Kate Upton doing the cat daddy in a bikini is easy on the eyes.
Let me tell you.
Thanks for the FF!
We're in great company.
There's a point in Life when you start to realize, who matters; who never did; and who always will 
ill take one!
What happens when you hire Rob Zombie or Quentin Tarantino to make a safety video.
I now have nightmares.
Anyone have a final on ArapahoeKent Denver boys lacrosse?
follow back ?
What platforms are you on?
Cuddle weather, and I'm not being cuddled.
This is some fuckery.
anyone have anything they want to tell the Oregonian about Twitter?
Peter Carlin's writing an article on it...
word.
Happy Friday!!
FAV Ladies!
RT : Great talking to you !
is going to sell out on for sure..Break a leg!
followed girl ; I love your Twitter!
:D
i love me some windy's frosty!
yum yum!
Omg I'm so over tired...
please hold your mad men tweets until all of us on the west coast watch it!!
oh hey you're following me now.
cool.:
LMFAO Your Conversation With That Girl Is Hilarious!!!!!!
Im Jealous You Have prisenswag Luckyy :
Well done ..200 and clinched series v def Nat'l Champ Gamecocks..
That means The Office may not be on much longer  sad news
Fucked me on the first night i still gt respect for u
someone keeps googling john meyers university of pennsylvaniai'm going to assume that's because they would like to hire me.
Thanks for the FF.
I'm a little late to the game, but it was a holiday so I have an excuse :
Me too!
Haha!
Love this!
RT : Success only comes to those who persevere no matter how many times you get rejected and fail.'
Touchdown Fitzgerald!
Again!
Now that's a receiver.
Yes that is Kymani
When I think about it I just get so mad....ugh trying to get over it.
It's not enough to know how to make a website anymore.
Now you have to be able to make APPS.
FUCK ME RUNNING.
So apparently there was a 3.1 tremor in CentralVA last night at around 11:30pm.
I didn't feel it  did anyone else?
Barry G taking the mike and speaking about problems in reggae
US motto for 2012: Walk like an Egyptian
Say something if your feeling the vibe33
not when shes about to get in the bath....
:
You too!
Gonna be with tonight 
Temp says 39, but my deck is getting slick.
I think it's perfect tennis weather
the ladies though??
Might stay at a haunted hotel in New Hampshire this summer..should be interesting
Happy to have my computer back but no Internet, yet!!
Personal hotspot or clear???
Hm....
yay!
I can't wait !
I'm texting you once I'm done with work to meet up !
9hrs till the workshop!
Reminder for all attendees under 18, please print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com  bring it signed by a parent
Yeah buddy!
BOYFRIEND is AmAzInG leggo RT
Loco4Locals is getting started!
Stop by for our 2x1 doctornks, 20 off our fabulous menu and of course a live DJ!
they're talking about big 12 expansion on the other station which again is better than suicide talk
Im wearing a hoody n sum Jeans n hopefully a hat to work....it will b perfect for my fuck work today mood
Its been a beautiful day!
Such a wonderful time of year and I love all the azaleas and dogwoods blooming in my yard!
I think and think my family are freaks
: At a game..
Is it bad if I want to see a fight?
Heck NO!
Fighting is part of the game.
That's why hockey is so great!
RT Educator to school grp after tour: what would you bring in your suitcase if you were coming to USA?
7 year old: a toilet
he is.
Got the cast on 2day to the knee.
He was crawling yesterday and I am sure will be walking by Friday.
Where there's a will, there are five hundoctord relatives.
haha yup im tweeting!
lol my parents are a trip!
but they koo!
Did a little karaoke, and now a 12 hour gig we call work!
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate i hope you know i aint buying you shit
lol, you fool
Huge thanks to our first 100 followers, all in barely 24 hours!
Let's keep this momentum up!
How come Lucas is shirtless in all his solos?
Lucky little poopface.
the only thing you are winning at is losing
Told Siri I didn't want to write my dissertation.
She said I thought not.
what a smart lady!
Me: Mercedes what would you do if you won the lottery?
M: Get a lake house in Cancun.
I'm solving this problem in two weeks
Str8LykeDes....
I'm bout to get ready Facebook that was the last fucking straw...
When great people finish procrastinating something great is typically finished!
the clippers will prevail!
Done following.
Follow me back
Dangerous inspiration, friend!
I am so ready to not come into this place!
One of these days I'm going to turn off the alarm  z!
The only zombie I like is a Cranberries song.
The best way to gain selfconfidence is to do what you are afraid to do.
Keep Smiling.
In SF at a starbucks where I used to take video classes YEARS agobut they didn't have a SB here back then
Thanks!
I'm glad most of the students from last night reached out ; I think it's a new record.
;
Boy, there's lots of military aviation action tonight in the UTC area.
Been going on for hours.
you have fun :
I've heard that before.
Just said No.
I'm still reeling...
eating ice cream!
yum
Need advice on audio recording live powerpoint/keynote presentations and sharing synced slides online later...
That last RT, is pretty good.
or you might scream for some springer beads.
Lol XD
Aw shit!
The last episode of lost is intense.
Common cold will NOT keep me down!
Shorts, tank top, Mucinex,  fresh bread from the market.
Saturday picnic time!
Matthew Jockers graphs the network of the 19thcentury novel, based on textual analysis.
bcltorphanworks cool!
Nobody is bout dat life to
Thx I'll be live tweeting so stay tuned.
Of course!
You can either give up, give in, or give it your all!
Author Unnknown
Since the Blazers are looking for a Forward does that mean that they are happy with the way Bayless is playing?
lol....got rough here for a minute!
It's great to be back, Twitter!
not at all.
I keep changing it back and forth deciding the best language.
Would like steelers in there too.
Given the amount of work done to make fruits prettier, we're not doing nearly enough long term/biomagnification studies.
Saw a Fisker Karma on the 15N.
Now I'm sure I wasn't seeing things before.
I'm Classy.
You're Trashy.
Offensive?
Truth Hurts.
Advocare has introduced a NEW product!
Rehydoctorte Gel!
lucky bastard;
There is nothing like home made authentic Mexican food by my wife!
And the worse one of all, DO NOT doctorNK ALCOHOL while you are taking this medicine.
I guess i'll become the Hulk much sooner than I thought
lol you're an incense man??
i approve!!
looking forward to knowing more about your business.
this girl has a beautiful smile :
im not having such a good time at high school
Every morning that you wake up is another chance to get it right
Lol people on dylan's myb professorle were trying to tell him that i lead a double life.
Have a 'noer'?
Say you have 2 choices, this isn't a choice, the 'noing' will decrease when you decrease the use.
Close your eyes and make believe this is where you want to be.
Forgetting all the memories, try to forget love cause love's forgotten me.
If you attended today's collegeresourcefair.
Feel free to upload pictures  tag yourself.
next video i'm making probably won't be a white wall type of video....getting sick of making those
After Rhiana's second performance on last night's SNL, the burka has now been banned in the Middle East.
These Are The Times I Wish I Had My Own, So I Wouldn't Have To Deal With Shit Like This ....
:'''
Thanks for all the Rts  mentions!
after the hockey yo
Felix Jones????
C'mon man!!!!
That dude has fooled people long enough!
ready to leave work.
I wanna go home  take a nap.
lbs.
BKahle: 10 million scanned volumes requires only a closet's worth of servers; about 30k in funds.
Doable even for modest libraries.
that simmzy's brunch earned a follow
Kid on the streetcar is poking a guy he clearly doesn't know in the crotch area with a balloon animal.
And I feel awkward.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
You inspire me.
doveinspired tell me, who inspires you?
Pls RT
An unemployed court jester is nobody's fool.
I know right I'm going to take my son out to the playground.
That would be amazing!
We will definitely be keeping in touch.
3
Moving offices today.
I get to pack more stuff.
Yay, me.
u sir are a got damb legend in my eyes.
doctorsays yo one more headshot, ur done..
what does 237 do??
Shred washougal.
Savage
Thank you, Carl!
We hope to welcome you as a guest soon!
JUST CAME UP WITH ANOTHER DOPE MELODY!
I GUESS U KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS LOL NO SLEEP YO LOL
Watching Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story with Viggle Mon  15  FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
how are you gonna post something on cragislist and not put a phone number?
you aren't gonna sell anything without that!
On April 3, 1973, Martin Cooper places the first cell phone call to a rival at Bell Labs and the rest is history

work: Not usually fan boy, but just rode in the elevator with Jimmy Cliff, fresh from his Tiny Desk Concert.
Does anyone know a good, affordable video class in Baltimore?
Looking to learn the basics of production  light editing.
Yesterday's quote was the first line of Feed by M.T.
Anderson.
Wide awake :o
and beetlejuice is such a badass name for a cat ahah 
Big ups to , and other State Journal staff for a Pulitzer finalist nod on their wiunion work.
I'm going to give him a storage discount he can't refuse
How am I still fighting this head cold!?!?
I just want to run already!!!!!
hehe yeah.
She is pretty darn cute
Armed with a resume and references and with LinkedIn professorle much more filled in.
See who might could use me.
Me Where are you from?
Her Montgomery County Me Where's that compared to here Her Montgomery County Me um okay
Talk that talk yeah I know I I'm such a show off
Currently working on the issue.
Thank you for bringing this to my attention!
School almost over.
:P
kids dnt know nothing bout good shows, music, or nothing these days smh
visited the New Media Academy at Hollywood High School today.
Lots of cool opportunities for mediasavvy kids.
Who's Watching Alex's YouNow Tonight ?
Ally
This is my answer to the gap between ideas and action  I will write it out.
Calisher, Hortense
Cool, thanks and fun downloading.
Hahaha lmao!
shake fat kids faceKathy ya seem doctornk.just a little bit but i type like a motherfucker!
I wasn't able to wear any of the wraps, cup size went up each pregnancy...
and there were 5, no room for baby!
Have you ever noticed a pattern?
Most successful people have had hard times prior to their success!!!
We're back up!
Thx for your patience!!
Love Beeline Home.
Looking forward to seeing new product in High Point.
Bunny is a genius,
what's that lookin like over there?!
Facebook buys glancee.
Boring.
Happy Friday : Have a great wkend.
Hugs
Thank You!
Much respect to for giving us support for the show tonight in Paris.
Who loves ya baby!
These Late Nights Is Going To Pay Off
Is it still rebelling if I'd kill for her shoe closet?
RT : congrats and thanks for rebelling against Carrie Bradshaw
Good Morning, it's a beautiful day.
I need to cut.
I can't stop myself.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Theodore Roosevelt
Okay then.
Thanks for the support and spreading the word.
I hope Holly is leading the water aerobics class today.
It's 9 and my butt is in the water!
I agree!
newspaces4learningadaptation oops.
yea am hoping to be back on my feet in two months unless my money comes thru
I tried to buy the new Album on iTunes 8 times  my billing info 4 times  no luck bought  Amazon for 2 less
im going to my best friends birthday party 2morrow cnt wait
In the land of double wrapped burritos I'm steady mobbin at a 9.
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.
hey hey!
So I hear it's earth day today  I love me some nature!
I'm out in the country napping outside with the sun, wind, trees  birds.
beauty :
I'll close my eyes and ears
Minds...we're the UT School of Information.
You
Ice cream time yet ?
:P
It is impossible to fathom what could have been without first considering what already is.
Do you believe in the old way of marketing .
grassroot hard core to reach new fans
Looking for GA monsters to talk gaga fashion for an upcoming story.
reach me at if interested.
tx.
I want to say thanks for the excellent resources you pass along.
I actually READ most things that come from you.
Good to know RT : term transmedia for video/blog/mobile/social platforms to harness activism fight
Some of yall showin yall ass right b4 i come home smh ...
But its cool tho
I love LA diversity  as I ate, the owner of a downtown restaurant fluently screamed at her staff in at least three languages
I tore these out of your symbol and they became paper.
River has all the best lines.
LOL blah blah blah means working on trash to talk later in game :
Just left Jackson.
Next, Bama, for shopping 3.
RT A Shift by Women: Obama leads Republican frontrunner Mitt Romney 5142 via
Just took 30 minutes out of my work day to create the perfect workout routine...and I shall begin tonight!
Why do we work in offices instead of subsisting off tropical piers?
I agree!
for me it's the little stuff after building an application.
you get 95 done and then have tweak display issues
is off to bed knuckleheads!!!
:
RT : Bummed I can't be at the game tonight but I'll be back tomorrow!!
Woo hoo..haha let's go SFGiants send them Roc ...
Do it!
I'll join you!!
: : If the Packers are seriously trying to get Tebow, I am seriously going take up heroin.
Excited for my day with
His monument was people going about their daily lives in freedom  not statues or shrines.
you had us at Vodka
it's next Wednesday!
April 6.
Can't wait to see ya.
omg.
SO ENVIOUS RIGHT NOW.
mornin to all my lovely followers who screamin
This nigga always fly
great movie
Some guy just asked for a secluded seat so his wife and him can make out...
Uihhhhhhwhat?.....
Cum on guys.
Gay jokes aren't funny.
So it's Wednesday morning.
It's foggy as hell.
OMG I'M IN SILENT HILL...Best game ever..Hi.
For LGBT it's better late than never.
It's not about President or political party it's about the humanity of LGBT
De La Soul  Buddy!!!
you say Braun got off on a technicality, you are as well.
You know damn well what you insinuate and the narrative you push
Just got home from a great dinner at Red Lobster with one of my favorite girls in the whole world.
;
Thank you!!!
Had a crazy afternoon
Only 1 day left until LadiesNight!
Vegas Ladies Join us tomorrow at 8pm for 1 doctornks  1 Cover!
Free Dance Lessons from 8:159p
can't wait to do that gospel album
put up pix Babe!
Want to see the windows!!!
oh shoot nah lol
we are glad you made it back safe.
See you soon!
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
no two leaves are alike in a forest of 1000,000 trees no two journeys are alike on the same path  Hafik, Sufi
don't lift more than your muscles can handle.
gradually increase resistance instead.
control the weightsdon't let them control you
Ready for a Relationship ; Js not with any of my options /
Wish I could be too : I'm following remotely.
I'll be there next year though!
: Highly recommended!
Thank you for stopping by and for spreading the word!
Any new research around rGBH and other growth hormones in dairy products?
Gratitude: backyard chickens, friends, cheap Mexican food, pleasant low key weekend, Pandora, jazz, recognition and a good week to come.
You deserve some from there.
Are you all finished with your pot roast?
Are you ready for your sundae?
Denny's waitress.
To Nate.
At 1pm.
Fasttrack class 2 today with the SBDC.
Biz strategy and financials.
Yes, my head is spinning.
Lots of sobbs and deep breaths around me now in courtroom
Thanks, just try to keep warm.
It's quite cold today but that's Chicago right?
:
just saw your PEETA license plate on the blog and I must say...
INSANELY jealous!
I hadn't heard Pat.
Thank you very much for the letting me know.
Tragic :
Thank you!
You too ;
Please welcome dominicanshula to the Max life
Innovation is the next guy telling the last guy he didn't do it right Al Newkirk
if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward Zig Ziglar
Hey, i just met you, this may be crazy, but here's my number.
and ccall me maybe?
;D
Welcome to my world...most days are ok
thank you 4 following us, i got a great idea and need a lab involved..
You can reach my parents at their places of business.
Thank you for stopping by.
I appreciate your concern for my wellbeing ;
Like ur site.
Much food for the soul
watch I am going too what are your favorite colors?
Free Sod 4500 Alexander Boulevard NE while it lasts.
now all I need is a teleporter
I have been informed that political protest is super dangerous and we're all gonna die, you guys.
Worth the dollar?
How is there not a better way to test for meningitis than a spinal tap?
At Chad and Heather Smiths wedding.
Beautiful day to get married, an even better night to doctornk.
New referral program!
If you tell a friend that books me as their wedding photographer, you receive a free 11x14 wall portrait or 4 8x10s.
Zooming to LAX with and .
Time to get on that redeye flight to FL.
Hey wait!
I'm known for my Summer Hummer!
Not yet.
We'll check it out.
Cheers!
RT : Have You been to MulligansOn27th yet?
Touch amore and la dispute go hand in hand.
: My mama always said pride comes before a fall.
many many times!
Everyone's stressing.
February 24th Breakfast Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar, Poland Springs Water, I enjoy consistency, almost a luna/clif bar daily!
My blazers are going to work tonight.
Come Hungry: , Hair of the Dog Pub,  provide your inbetween beer nourishment.
Ik, I'll upload it from my camera tomorrow
you are amazing!
I love you, follow me please
We'll be back on Jan 9th w/ !
Good thing you're retiring from tweeting cause your hashtags are horrible.
However the mirror part to was funny.
Love this Chicago Tonight piece on Lin Brehmer.
His appreciation for music really is projected to the listener.
One of the best.
Love listening to great ideas to help grow your business and make it the most effective
Today is holding a free recycling event.
Bring oil, oil filters, car batteries, etc to 5571 Kearny Villa Road from 9am1pm
This internet thing turned out to be pretty good for bringing people together.
Glad the government didn't kill it.
RT : Strange not tweeting during MU's Mktg Symposium after tweeting all day at prsms.
Didn't see anyone tweeting.
congrats!!!
super cool!
but somehow I can't put you in the past
True enough.
White House, Time Magazine...
but it matters when the neighbors know.
And even more when they don't.
I always wondered why SOMEBODY didn't do something about that.
Then I realized I am SOMEBODY.
lol yeah it's not bad when it's from SD direct to Maui.
otherwise you layover in Oahu and then jump islands.
TY for the FF!
Same to you as well!
RT :
I'm so happy to be up over 100 facebook likes!
Book release week has been fun and hectic.
Hopefully The Six is selling well...
FIRED FREAKING UP!!!
I'm gonna hit you in your scrotum, while catching a wave...
just saying really psycho stuff text grace bout it tomorrow she's sleepin right now
what happened?
Get put in charge of getting the male strippers for a bachelorette party?
the only thing certain in life is death
I feel like I don't see you enough
hey Beth cmgrUN I thought I recognized you lets make sure to say hi
thanks for all your follows, fellow writers publishers and tweeters.
SirenMuse is learning the game so we can please clients  friends
It is so surreal that Peyton Manning will not have on a Colts jersey next season....wow.
awh right then!: when last time you saw austin!:3
Woman that respect life as it is are real woman the others a girls
Mercy buckets and bean venue to Mount Real, y'all!
I've learned my French days of the week, so no parking tickets for me this time
shk12 was fantastic!
Even w/ the coffee jitters I had on sale day.
Thanks to for the great company!
As a librarian, your responsibility is to give them Twilight if that's what they want.
Who has the DL on NOWDC ?
Why are some opposed?
Whose money is behind this?
is wondering.
I hope to one day see the Paul Rudd's and Wyatt Cenac's of the world win this award but congrats Bradley Cooper Sexiest Man Alive
fair enough, I have no experience in the area outside of chain of custody with IT data issues, even then nothing close to expert
Good Morning Gamers
I sing too, so if you can, would you go to my page and listen to some covers?
If you would, I would be grateful :
Aint Nobody Going To Sleep Today , IM GOING IN .
signed up at the site.
Good idea
Everyone will and they'll be shocked.
It will be a Land of Confusion.
I'd link you to the sub Reddit that is working on doing just that, but it's blacked out.
inside redoing the kitchen, going to be hard to work looking outside at sunny skies all day
I'm addicted to pita chips and if any of you even try to have an intervention I'll never speak to you again.
It's MY life!
LEAVE ME ALONE!
mane I need some pussy to eat....ladies spread those legs licks lips
Real Women Would Never Call Themselves Dimes Cause Real Niggas Dont Carry Loose Change Breeze DTA
Whatever you do to ring in the New Year, be safe.
Wishing you health, success  happiness in 2011!!
wat does that mean?
I can't wait for your movie :
I just prayed and hoped I wouldn't get the train,,,,and I did
Thanks so much for the RT, love!
Appreciate the support 
You and me both Mitt, you and me both.
RT Romney, arriving in NH, on Bachmann She was a great candidate.
We'll miss her.
Snow white and the huntsman is PG13!
Suck on that!
I CAN go!
;
um, really?
I had no idea.
Heh...
I was waiting for that!
So far though, life here is the best!
Y is it 50 degrees outside.
Last week it was 85!!!
Let the doctorwing begin!
Not ok:Tenant pays for eviction procedures, attorney's fees, server fees, court costs, any and all costs related to termination of tenancy
ooh I know man, great battle for TE between him and Lyerla...
got a great class coming in
who decides what uniform to wear, is that the coaches?
Larry Bird?
The players?
Mammography rocks.
Easy hours.
Never spend more than 1015 min with one patient.
Big money.
Me  34 years mammographer.
Really, and if Braun is exonerated as the rumors say.
I love everyone rushing to judgement on something that should not be public
i think you meant internet
That's just awesome
RT RT : Dear , we all saw game, I don't need to know everybody's opinion on Tebow
a rabbit?!
lol that's what you think i look like?
just about.
you need it mastered or do you have someone for that?
No problem!
Have an awesome weekend :
Nasty Nate...right between the legs.
It's official: Going to again this yr: 7 yrs straight, since the nearreligious show in '06.
Any other PDX kids going?
Learning the basics of computer programming...
yep
don't worry guys, you can customize your open graph to show what you want to share and it only takes an afternoon
Georgia and its bipolar weather
Strawberry picking this weekend, woot woot!
Lol!
I had frozen yogurt...
With an ass load of peanut butter!
That canceled out the healthiness of it
Rex is the master limerick man.
Agreed!
uses and we heart them!
please tell Tess thanks to her I am no longer an 'egg'.
And thanks to you for the Red Hook.
I've spent 2 hours working on my car.
I'm kinda obsessed with cleaning my car
Enjoying a nice gar with and and
Bass  Wieland Give a Hitter's Clinic!
Don't miss it!
Tuesday on Fox Sports San Diego!
RT Former USC and Chargers football star Junior Seau found dead
Pacers Coach Frank Vogel takes 3rd in NBA Coach of the Year voting.
Spurs' Greg Popovich takes first and Bulls' Tom Thibodeau takes 2nd.
Alright 200 bucks today, finally a source of income
crazy day.
Thank you everyone for coming out to support the Aaron Koppel Quartet CD release and Matt Nelson Trio at the Jazz Showcase!
What a show :
im still , in my school uniform 
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Faultline  Saloon
TONIGHT  and more at 5P.
and at 8P.
and at 10:15P.
followfriday : 102 yrs old and Twittering.
Do I have to say anymore?
dy
Caleb McSurdy finally gets to area  ESPN
my coeditors and i have decided to hold off publishing the book.
a little longer.
till after the PHXCC.
for some detailed flow editing.
I however has lots of fun and played great.
Can't be mad.
Got it in best.
Thanks ...can't get it live at work...Hoping the Vikings stay.
too much too late!
obama doesn't really care abt the coal industry...let alone have a plan for
I WISH I WAS DATING ROC I WOULD BE SO HAPPY BUT IM STILL MAD I CAN'T RECORD ON MY TV
Billie Holiday...
create a Pandora Station and life suddenly leaps, skips, and dances with fun and childish glee.
I would highly suggest it.
Count up your successes regularly.
Anita Campbell
I will be in Chicago on April 20th.
I'm so excited!
RT : If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
John Wooden
one of my friends asked me last semester whether I was ashamed to wear my class ring.
I honestly didn't know how to answer
you guys know each other.
Small world.
Have a great show.
These days losing your phone is worse than losing your virginity ..
smh
Wicca is just something suburban white kids do when their parents ground them.
Battlefield 2 Story Mood Is Good :D
: Damn those Belgians thinking they have any sort of bearing on me, don't they know we're above the law?
Shame keissepayment
Tonight is the start of Hanukkah!
This is such an important date in the Jewish calendar  the Christian faith!
The time of  for miracles!
Can't wait for you to get to Hudson!!
TruthIs i got the munchies!
My pleasure John, looking forward to meeting you at CMworld in Columbus!
as soon as you have Google sync all your bookmarks, passwords and cookies between all your copies of Chrome, you'll be a goner.
To skip out on my part time day job and hit up or to not go to beach...
that is the question.
Obvious answer, I think yes!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
I love !!!
What a great comeback.
c0ngratulati0ns!
it's great being p0pular  black isn't it?
it d0es have it's advantages.
0h!
wait....
They say I'm back.
I agree with that.
I'm not gonna make it tonight, I will be in a fierce racquetball match.
I will see you sometime this week tho!
hey there  I'm trying to watch GoT...where do u find it when u watch online?
You probably think hoping tht my mother gets by a car and dies is pretty terrible..in this case its not.
It will do us ALL a favor!
LYLAB!!!
Singing at karaoke tonight.
Might do a little Judas...what do you think?
told me to follow you, so I am.
I usually do what the man tells me to do.
Keep up the hard work!
Amazing day signing autographs in Westfield Century City Mall, Los Angeles CA.
Thanks you everybody.
:
Ugh.
Wednesday.
I'd like to be everything you wannttt
all the people in your section are black shocker haha
Sigh I would love to be around and be involved in making good music as a full time job everyday.
Well at least everyday!
Taping The Babbie Mason Show Wed!
Singing my new Christian tune Somebody Greater from upcoming CD Free To Love Will share air date soon!
haha but I have 20 options for my major across the US so I'll be checking it all out ya know
Last class of the day
Two thumbs up to The Stylistics singing 'Betcha By Golly Wow' during PHIvsCHI halftime!
Day 84 of 100: I am thankful for waking up with the image of my doctoram in my mind's eye
presentation today :/
RT : Wow, Hard Rock roof was sick!
Still want to know where the Secret Show is tonight?
Post a link on how to vote for...
...
girl me too...and I know I did good on pretty much every assignment so idk what the prob is
they said they need a specific version and it supposedly costs 27.
Ridiculous!
I have to make a bio about myself in 140 char.
or less,and I don't think they'll want borderline alcoholic, mentioned.
Go Brewers!
Finish it off Randy!
www.TopTierLegalGroup.com
It was a pleasure hosting the National FFA Organization again this year.
What a great group of students  teachers!
Ken Cassman  feed9b  rapid growth of China  India; climbing energy prices; stagnant yields  caught us with pants down
I look so bad today.
section 13 row A 40 plus processing fee
We make em light up like a church
Today Aiden would've been 4 years old.
Not a day goes by that I don't miss him  think what my life would've been like.
what a skeezy mustache
and then what happened?
:
At work
there I one in Wisconsin!
God is STILL passing out Blessings....
How do I know?
Because , if your reading this it means you made it another day!
Thank God for Life!
Looking at 52 tabs w/interesting links from tweeps  this is why I went coldturkey off Twitter last time!
did Gmail do a redesign just to show how much better it is than Facebook?
RT : His lips are doctorpping honey, but he'll sting you like a bee.
Carrie Underwood
By law, at least one Super Bowl commercial must include Betty White.
I'm good with it.
my brothers aquaman, just ask or i'm flash cause i wish i was fast...
but i'm not
I'm still waiting for Bill and Ted to save the planet.
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies3
You made my day today.
Thanks :
Got Warrants?
Need a Bond?
I can Help.
At Hollie's Bonding we know It's Good To Be Free.
Agent Potter KC POLICE pls RT
ThoughtsDuringSchool I hope to God I don't run into Keenan Madden 
Vinny you have a contagious laugh!
I fluvv it!
2011 is ending send this to the 10 nicest zwaggers ZSwaggers you know.
if you get 5 back you must be great.
I get this all the time  RT : All women count on you, Josh.
We find you godlike.
Don't let anything hold you back from accomplishing your doctorams.
Take it from me, it can be done.
LOL : Splish Splash is probably the best song ever written about a guy taking a bath being ambushed by a dance party.
RT : Masai: we tried every way not to include chauncey in the trade

Let's talk micromarketing!
No photo required!
:
Seriously Prince?
I bet if that ball was a cheeseburger you'd catch it.
Lee Foster took a shaving cream pie to the face today for his birthday
Really, Internet?
Not one nude pic of C.C.H.
Pounder?
Not one?
the lovely:...thank you!
: I just attended a memorial service for Chuck Colson.
It was a celebration of the life of a truly good man.
May he rest in peace.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
The 2011 numbers are in: 158,684 books given to childoctorn in LosAngeles thru our programs  with advice to
My wife tricked me into watching A Walk to Remember by starting it when she knew I was on my way home.
These fools better bang it out.
Happy Tuesday!
Maybe the most interesting part of : German as secret language.
What a simultaneously specific/nonspecific folkgroup identifier
Let me go pass out  come back to life.
It's been over a month since my last class.
Charlie Daniels played the first intermission...now Tears for Fears!
No wait, false alarm, that's a cover band.
Morning twitter dolls!!
:
She be dancing 4 those dollars
Dick Clark was someone I would have loved to have coffee with.
You'll be greatly missed, kind sir.
:
Frisbee from yesterday: acquired.
Today's challenge: successful wearing of pencil skirt.
The most stressful week of this month is over
I will thanks :
damn London going IN!
Check out fabric's line up for tomorrow night real quick.
Might have to go again...
Craziest movie I've watched in a long time is Heavy Metal...thanks can't wait for Psychoville!
I like your term Healthhustle.
It should be a twitter trend!
Healthy living is a 'must.' :
Wishing everyone a wonderful Christmas!
Always remember that, no matter how useless you feel,you're someone's reason to smile.
It went well man.
Philly's got a dope hiphop scene!
RT : howd philly go
and Why are your stores denying use of already purchased GIFTCARDS?
Lame Lame Lame.
Stealing!
'Baby I hear melodies, when your heart beats' 3 My favorite song on the album!
My mom bought her own copy...
MomBelieber ;
Yeah, I have a smile on my face, but it's not real.
LeBron just mad John Lucas hit like 3 threes on him back in Chicago..smh
Steven Blake!
'just tell us the price, son' ...
is there anything coming up at church for young adults??
NYE Irish celebration at 6pm then Walkers Point Pub crawl from 9p6a with more live music at 10p.
Comp champaign.
thanks, i'm checking out your site
i would just like to thank all my followers for following it means so much to me
Even better!
Childoctorn have a way if opening up our creativity, no?
Hi, is there a way to reach you by email?
Thx!
Whenever someone asks me over/under ANYTHING, I always say push.
Hey is there a game on 2 nite?
Either I took vitamins this morning, or the radiation from Fukushima is WAY worse than we've been told.
TRIVIA: Who built the world's first fourwheeled automobile?
Final four celebration is on Tuesday April 17 at 530 4th street live
Learned a new word today: Slacktivists  People who passively like causes on Facebook or post an icon on a social professorle
LoL but can you say Engage!
where is our butt picture yo
Can't wait to see the VMAs tonight with the KDA Dancers!!
we've got something for you this weekend thats straight from Heaven!
And you're never gonna guess what's gonna happen!!
UCSD alert system, why must you call me at the strangest hours with the creepiest male automated voice??
Listen.
I'm alone at a crossroads.
I'm not at home in my own home.
Quoting One Direction?
I'm feeling the pain.
What a gorgeous pic.
funny cuz what I remember that he one a world junior championship.
And a ohl championship ahaha.
He will get that cup soon!
.
just told me I have shampoo commercial hair today; is my new favorite person.
read it and love it!
RT  The Miami Dolphins want more physicality from rookie RB Daniel Thomas.
good luck fellas
Today is my birthday can someone please follow me 3
Michael Bay did explosions in 21 Jump Street.
Life made.
thanks.
I have a lot of those.
More into beer but I'll check out that wine app.
Are you upgrading to 4S?
thanks Chris.
Marsha, I'll email you more information on how social commerce is doctorving our business.
Stole My Biggest Piece Of Chicken..!
Sucka!
AGoodoctorlationship Is based on Trust
A man died yesterday at the Rangers game falling from the stands.
Pray for his family and remember what's truly important in life!!
Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model...
Liam: True.
You: Wha..?
Liam: She's talking to me right now.
Jab We Met or 42nd street!
I think i'm gonna post a video of a new original song this week.
The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem.
Milton Friedman
Had a revr on Amazon list page nos.
for 4 alleged errors in my own book.
Checked.
2 didn't exist, 1 was in the dedication.
What is this strange world you describe?
Oh, futbol.
Going on this boat tonight wit my mom and others
hey, I wrote you back twice.
Last one even asked if you got the one before.
Strange.
Emailing you again now.
Wild to imagine life without some of the songs that seem so elemental.
didn't have a 1st round grade on Brockers???
.
has found her groove with csls treasurer trng  she's got jokes, addoctorssing questions, coming up with good examples.
awesome!
If Garcia has a bad start, maybe its a sign that he and Colon realized how old they are
are you on tinychat with anyone
How did you accomplish this?
lol, I will do my best!
I been following you and get everyone of your tweets can you please follow me babe, it would mean alot to me xoxoxo
Are u single b/g?
A girl just walked up to my desk singing the MeowMix song.
I started singing it with her.
dude i get home from skool nd practice turn om the tv nd bamm !!
iconic boyz reruns :D ju made my day !!!!
oh, forgot about waffle fries!
Thanks for the love  right back at you!
dhtrial.
Thinking of wafting pizza fumes under the jury door .
Their hunger speeds resolution.
looks like beautiful weather in Australia.
What was the show?
You have stolen my heart.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with
I haven't heard any more.
I would read Robert Feder and Chicagoradioandmedia.com They cover this.
Vegetarian Times recipe of the day: Tofu Shapes w/ Hummus.
Tofu shapes?
Really?
Oh, that rhombus is making my mouth water.
Identify your problems but give your power and energy to solutions.
Tony Robbins
; A Volvo 240 wagon is its smaller cool Swedish cousin
hope you're stuff gets better dude
well whats the number
we have more today!!!
3 and 5 PM!
You gotta get there somehow!
CHICKEN ON A STICK
Dude this show Parental Control is so fake!
Watching , I love , and Im rooting for my girl !
3
Nice finish.
In our opinion, not at all....
OMG the end of that episode was SO good!
We must watch the next one tomorrow!
follow me?
3
One of the most beautiful places I have visited as I have traveled for libraries around North America
Why can't monday be another sunday
In bed way too early on Christmas Eve, but family is already asleep.
What to do, what to do?
How about...watch some SIX FEET UNDER!
thanks, I'm glad for the comments by the way, they meant a lot to me!
3
I'll do whatever makes him happy.
nice!!
Do u have the rest !!
What is your Commitment for 2012 to live a happier more Successful life?
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHhh.
Sorry, but I'm lmfao.
tacky, maybe, but most definitely necessary.
Thank you for your mention.
Blessings to you!
It's light brown and pretty big but it's flat and has grown quite a bit since it first popped up.
it has a big dark spot
what song were you and Brady singing yesterday on stckam?
Wasn't it reliant k?
I can't remember and its killing me!
I'm following you!
how was it, I'm wanting to make the trip myself.
Worth it?
Went to see the Titanic exhibit today at Union Station.
Looking forward to connecting again at
same!!
That looks sweet
haha I don't think so, I just saw it in settings yesterday and thought I'd try it out.
It may b my internet malfunctioning,but i think there may b somethin wrong w/ur facebook page.thot u should kno.just lookin out
once you have the ms on the screen it's great but haven't figured out system for transferring files back and forth efficiently.
I'm bummed that I can't make it to the show when you come to Houston because I have cheer practice :
Bro, are you aware that you bare a striking resemblance to a young Kevin Clash, he's actually very famous, google him, to funny
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Benjamin Franklin
vanilla or mint flavor?
I think they have coffee too i think?
I love It's It.
:
welcomeToChicago you can no longer tell who's a man or woman...smh
When my right leg is darker than my left one
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in UK.
Can we skype?
Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
The love of an Aries man will warm you with passion one minute and the next minute,you may feel as if you are sitting in the North Pole.
Nothing seems frustrating like trying to do anything with doctor VM Groups/Host Groups in PowerCLI.
Talk about clunky.
Yikes.
i am just talkin overall!
lol
Sprained ankle..
those look great!
How long does a rack take on the grill?
I've only smoked them.
Big day today  lots of exciting news coming out soon...
It's all downhill from there, unfortunately.
I'm hoping they'll reprise it over the end credits.
If you don't have boundaries in your habits today, you will be in bondage later on.
I couldnt help but start rolling when i seen what i put lol
Remember that one time we got called ugly by that Mexican midget at bartini's?
only thing better would have been a uofm loss....
Tonight's Special: Bowl of Beef Stew
Im comin home im cming home tell the world im comin home love that song:
Ready do some shopping on 3rd avenue...
shopping in NY is dangerous to a womans pocket.
Lol
For all you Nebraskan Directioners, has yet to put up the ticket info fo the Kansas City show.
So prices/VIP are unconfirmed.
text me?
that's a hood spot bro!
Off the chain
How do yall feel about a beach party?
i don;t know many.
ask hayden, he knows lots
Can you please follow...
on americas got talent i voted for you and onedirection happened and im in love with you guys
T4 Nurses have a lot of influence in Health IT because they enter the most data.
They just don't get enough recognition
hang in there.....
you're the bestest/most beautiful Easter bunny ever
Hey, it's not like it took a great effort.
It's one of the best films ever!
Sorry bud I was swamped all day here
I finally passed my doctorverskillstest second chance effort
He's fun to watch, but they go a little overboard with his highlights
Show at Now That's Class got pushed back.
Tv crimes at 9PM.
Come hang out.
and, generally, if TT work together in gen / on diss committees in particular.
the co.
we went w/ had A B rating, did decent job but not A worthy.
Tough decision, not much info out there :
I Walk Alone  Greenday : I love this song!
HowAboutWe get out of here and go to florida
I'm lookin' through you, where did you go?
Time to pass the fuck out
no thanks.
he should have tucked.
I know I miss her.
you should try
Looking forward to touring the College Presidents through the tunnels this afternoon.
social networking ruins my grades.
Thanks for meeting with me today!
We are VERY excited on what is to come!!
:
For those not traveling to Columbus, where are the big Aztec watching parties tomorrow?
RT : These jobs numbers validate my prewritten press release.
Who has the scented candles at ala2009?
for sure :
I also hope none of my 5th graders are reading the story.
forgot my deposit slip today, no big, the company is always good here.
SUPER BOWL CHAMPS BABY!
CELEBRATING WITH MY BOYS AT LAMBEAU THIS AFTERNOON!
thanks, glad we could be a part!
Please thank all your doctorvers for us as well!!
These females is RATCHET, that's why I keep a Magnum for my Heart !
Apple stock shares rose more than 3 within minutes of Jobs' appearing on stage yesterday.
: Our YUM was recently insulted by one of your employees for using coupons.
Should all couponers not shop there?
Time for a nap!
Hopefully I'll have new followers when I come back!
For the 3rd year in a row we're headed to UCSD this afternoon to volunteer our services at the Delta Idol fundoctoriser pretty hair on the go!
Physically and mentally doctorined
I miss Christina 
and don't get in trouble for doing so.
The school is sending mixed signals, it needs to just have zero tolerance on tht stuff
professorssional development can only help the HR professorssional!
Kudos to Orlando Magic.
Now its time to Break their Legs!
can't wait to see you May 24th in Wichita!
Tonight is the night is in A rotation right now!
The BIGGEST n HOTTEST Halloween party is Saturday!!
B97 and Club Metro let's get nutz!!!
Just walked past a line of people waiting for nickelback and realized they all had terrible taste in music and I am sure most things in life
Morning.
Off to school.
:
the show was really good.
Funny as hell.
happy new years everyone!!!!!
Amicus morning quote: When the world says, Give up, Hope whispers, Try it one more time.
Author Unknown
is that a picture of everest at animal kingdom?
It's like voting for zits over warts
hola come to NY house
: 10 shoes for BlackFriday...
get your heels before they were gone?
Haha
So, have you heard of Lulz Knights?
They claim to be behind the LCSO hacking.
Being attracted to someone who you can't hold a conversation with.
what up buddy!
The DallasMavericks appear to be choking right now.
Whoever looks for the truth deserves the punishment for finding it.
Enjoying dinner with mybeautifulbride at the Edgewater Hotel in Madison with a beautiful view of Lake Mendota.
I'm an outcast from my family...
Oh well.
when does the tweet ban go into effect?
friends.
fingers crossed for you Aw thanks :
yikes!
Look down and pull it out gently
To repeat: Adam Jones is sick of doctornk fans running on the field, the stadium should have dogs ready and the fans should be tased.
morning errbody!!
if u haven't already done so, u need 2 go to itunes  download Litchfield's album called New Beginnings!!
DO IT!!
D
Welp one bucket to save the season.
80 run and down by one.
Turnovers and bad shots may lead to being in a 02 hole.
Yikes
A3:I agree!
RT Honestly, I'd like to see the ebook trend not overshadow print, and just plateau
Ur 20 and still live with your mom !
Shut !
It's damn cat food!
hey man, thanks for the follow.
What is the site for the east?
Life is a one way ticket....
You choose the destination.....
Happy Friday!
free top golf Saturday at 8pm.
you welcome boo we needa hang asap
PUNKD Was awesome.
Sorry , nobody can prank
what do you mean what happened
get it girl :
And lastly, I was born in Altoona PA.
So I am a Curve fan, and being a Curve fan and not a Pirates fan is just akward.
50 OFF is over.
Time slots filled.
Thanks everyone.
Have a good weekend.
Gahh, I should stop tweeting.
Idk why reading Chris' old blogs got me hyper or something.
Safety Tip: Use only first initials and last names on mailboxes and in phone books.
love you moar!
;D
hah i suppose
Going to st paul with meeting up with travy lee and his wifey at great waters!
I'm taking bumming to a whole new level
Friday Faculty Fest TODAY!
Ted Scholz on Seeds for Innovation.
12:002:00 in LIB 301.
Let me start at the end, the part I haven't figured out yet.
Yes, I am, I'm moving slow...
Why does almost every pastor I know LOVE cars?
God wants us to have nice things but I'd rather have a nice house and a raggedy car myself...
is the plural of Tria, 'Tria'?
i could say the same to you...i'm slowly returning, but not requiring the kids to tweet anymore...diigo.com instead
My teeth are chattering!
Temps in central VA only 97...down from 108 in NC earlier.
Ok workin right now is borin!!
Ugh
Good Morning gorgeous!
me and just wrote the best effin reggae song ever haters :
I can try and find out for you !
Key Note Speakers Include: Patricia Julianelle, National Association for the Education of Homeless Childoctorn and Youth
words too real to post up on Facebook.
the only thing I could think of, is the vikes lied and said there was another team interested in trading up.
Lol I'm running and I don't think I can stop.
May I should take a break???
It's because I'm the worst gay ever.
RT Jeff!
You broke my lil gay heart.
What is this or what have you expression?
Reminds me of I tell you what.
uhh, the combo of buttonups and denim shorts is a good thing.
United Online Launches 4G Mobile Broadband Service
hotpeopleifollow shot,  .
duh.
;
I'm gonna start making a bucket list right now.
Dam I'm fuck up just got home
That is such a cute picture!
:
miss you boo!!!
3
isaythatalot...
I 3 MIAMI.
How about you?
: Babies can remember music they hear while in the womb for up to a year.
I love the magic that happens after a hurricane like Irene.
All the neighbors come out to help clean up.
Warms the heart!
HP ump Ed Hickox either favors outside K or he's terrible, those outside Ks on lefties are in exact same spot as inside balls to righties
Today officially marks my crossover to the baseball family.
Go Brewers!
Oh and BTW i have a Masters in Music Theory.
Im also a well accomplished singer.
Id like to think I know a little on music.
I'm not sure that Weird Things Happen on the Bus is a publishable research finding, but I'm willing to find out :
TONIGHT  The Heaven  Hell Halloween Party with DJ's JRoc  Justin George and with The Lotus Dance Team  ABQs Best Place To Dance  Lotus
nice try.
kef recommends!
RT  working on music for saturday show w/ at 
Woke up all night
so um..
bye 'til my undergraduate career is finished.
Yup yup its love girl!
Enjoy your day!
I'm just glad that a there was a student with me who convinced it to go back outside and b she only laughed at me a little bit.
Thank you for awarding DETROPIA the Grand Jury Prize for documentary!
We are thrilled!
Biggupps also to !
when does ray mysterio come back to the wwe
please RT if u are online: and ohh follow me plzz:
THE DEMONS ARE BACK!
judging by your 'reply' I'd say ur accidentally doing that sleeping thing again : 
Honored to have been chosen to edit 's new smallformat coffeetable book with 50 powerful leadership ideas.
Check it out!
I would've been happy if just 1 came back!
Can not lie!
Its Killin Me Swear I Nevaa Cried So Much..
Had such a wonderful birthday!!
Thanks to everyone who made it so special!

thanks for retweeting us, y'all!
Gifted snuggies combat snowstorm chill quite effectively.
Thx and vendors.
:
RT : Golf truly is over 90 mental!
Find your focus on the range and carry it to the course.
Focus on what u do not on...
No you didnt have to cut me of.
And now ur just somebody that I used to know.
Or whatever the lyrics are lol
Anthony Davis had the 3rd most rebounds in a single NCAA Tournament since '73.
Only Nick Collison in 2003 and Larry Johnson in 1990 had more
shit, we young  bored and we do what the fuck we want.
we livin' that YOLO life
Welcoming Maria Wolfe, Sr.
VP from From one great music capital to another!
Hope you enjoy the ATX.
It's so humid.
Definitely one thing I don't like about the hot months.
xp
now if they can only find an affordable place to live
x Miami Takes Game 2.!
2 days and counting
Tonight: Tilapia Tostadas with PineappleAvocado Salsa and White Beans
RT  Cleveland is stocked with prospects.
In ST Hoyer remarked on how deep the Indians were.
I could see a deal with th...
Absopostively, my friend.
But I tend to favor stuff that...
special.
The weirder, the better.
Mehhh got home from work and the house was empty :
The essential thing is not knowledge, but character
Chef Dallas' kitchen tip of the day: sharpen your Japanese knives 60 degrees towards you and 40 degrees away.
that's why I hate time travel.
Neither is dad.
Understandable w/ getting Kal  12am in Charlotte goodfriend, Sensing beautiful places, but not smiling faces in SC this morning
The United States government is attempting to crackdown on illegal immigration
Good morning mi gente what's in the agenda today
Selecting readings on borndigital archives for our next tech services meeting discussion.
What are your favorites?
RT : I'm moderating the next session w/  speaking about social media power  pitfalls.
Show time and she's coming out lights camister action show us what your about cause its show time let it all outletsshowtheworldurmyboyimurgirl
what happens if you've had a recurring subscription for awhile now?
hey what's going on just left u a message
No problem.
By guys going to the prade
Idea: bottomless nachos
aw you guys are seeing them?!?
Jealous I won't be there with you girls!
excited about my Internship :
nah I havent
it all goes back to being strategic.
In the shower?
Utterly heartbreaking.
Its crazy how you cn go from liking a guy so much to want to beat his ass and not wanting to hear his name
Today in Literary History: Thornton Wilder's Our Town opened on Broadway at Henry Miller's Theatre in 1938.
They have never handled cheap shots well.
Thats everybody's biggest complaint with the league inc.
us in Buffalo.
Its a joke
sweet.
In the meantime have fun in FL love
Nah, thought you needed songs or tracks for submission.
I think it's sad I have not one pair of sweats
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
Well, I liked most of what he said.
But now I need it to become action.
We were at vcrushny, great event and panel.
Thank You!
RT No joke: Someone named Omar Little Jr.
was arrested in Baltimore last night on a handgun charge
I figured out my reddit password :D
Writers Grail  Paid to write vs.
on spec.
TV prod.
will set in either L.A.
or N.Y.
Learn what the Networks are buying:
I agree!
God's way is the best way!
; You're welcome by the way.
Using some old school industrial techniques for a Cold Metal Future remix...
I would love to understand what kind of challenges you are having with Socrata / NYC Open Data site /cc
I don't like your face c:
I want to give a Shout Out Too Happy Birthday Sis ILove You!!!
:
Atleast they put baggy jeans on that Tupac hologram cuz I know 4 damn sure he wouldn't wearin' no skinny jeans!!lol
burpees are very hard...
They are my exercise nemesis along with pylometrics!
:
what are we gonna do tonight i'm fckin bored :/
You're welcome.
Such a great story!
: What are some of your favorite Portland tweeps out there and why?
//  the BEST whiskey sours eva!
Wright State's Julius Mays has committed to UK according to reports.
try eating a biscuit with Honey on it washed down with some OJ if that doesn't work doctornk some water and prop up with pillows
My guy grab a glass big enough for your thirst and put the juice back...
Bout to kill my cart of Simply Orange
Let me ryangosling those grocery bags for you ma'am.
Thanks BMW  you're the best!
You did a great job yesterday.
Sorry we didn't get a chance to connect!
Go on Twitter and follow people who are very different than you!
Advice from at faultlines session at
thank you for the follow!
Much appreciated.
AH JERSEY SHORE TOMORROW
might just have.
Well, she is now on a show on a competing network.
RT : I haven't noticed any gratuitous shots of Ashley Judd.
Listening to Dave Isay talk about StoryCorps!
lol yeah you right
I really wish I'd bee in Philly this weekend.
Next time!
Don't forget!
ASO is having a second model call on friday , march 2nd!
49 unanswered points...is that some kind of record?
Day 2 of eating healthy: I'm looking forward to more protein shakes today.
Really.
'Cause it's the only chocolate in my day now.
WHY WOULD YOU STILL FROM SOMEONE WHOS TAKING CARE OF YOU.
Oh Christ as if I didn't hate TMZ to begin with....UGH!
Did they seriously just make fun of Stephen Hawking, OMG they are so stupid!
HATEEM!
OK, will do.
Thanks!
Scramble with friends?
Play me: blueaesthetics
love you too :
I like that
yea the 77 bucks just let me know when you need it by so I can plan !
Either Google still hasn't worked the kinks out of registration, or academic tickets sold out in less than a minute.
hanging with and playing some xbox 360, call of duty bitches!
RememberRapWhen the Brat came out and that whole SOSODEF movement.
Today's affirmation: I give myself permission to live up to my fullest potential.
Thanks Steve!
3: What bit depth do you need?
The higher the bit depth the better the scanner.
A maximum bit depth of 42 will serve most office needs.
yes.
tomorrow will likely wake up with lipstick and mascara.
sounds like a brag, song is the hottest of fire
Test tweet  Hi fellow museum lovers!
And it can be told: ere the summer ends, and I will have a hobbit hole in Wrigleyville where there will be much writing/oddness
there yah go.
Now we are talking.
: Going to be a nice morning for a run get out there Run for Life!
nyrr
I can't stop thinking about Sophialoren this morning.
Arianna Interviews The Dalai Lama huffpost He asks: how do I start a LamaPost blog?
Thanks for adding your agency to our database of community resources for San Diego CountyGlad to be a partner!
Careful on 101 Redwood City crash SB101 past Woodside blocking R lane, b/up to Ralston.
Menlo Park NB101 before Marsh crash blocking R lane
This music for me is ultimately about a message.
I think about my songs and its relevance a decade from now,it has to be.
if not,why bother?
Come celebrate 7 yr anniversary tonight with a live performance from Wyclef Jean!
Seahawks will be back
that last one is interesting.
Too much gamers in the music industry.
Everyone saying God this and God that and don't mean it.
I can tell by the music they making.
I'll say it again...
Bob Knight is the biggest idiot around...
Gets asked about the top 5 teams in America and doesn't even mention KY!
WOW
Happy Friday!
What are you most looking forward to this weekend?
thanks for the FF :
I think their done?
:
: How many times do we forgive someone just bc we don't want to lose them, even tho they don't deserve our forgiveness?THIS
Smoke all day everyday fuck wit me
Good luck to my brother today :
Hey come by our page and check out our Mixtape widget!
Voting starts in 4 days!!!
Clean out your closets and help a good cause!
Bring your gently worn, unwanted clothing to the game this Friday to donate to Goodwill!
.
will not show his hand one way or another on mixed martial arts.
Unclear if assembly will even pass
Why are you there?
Keep an eye on them, they could have sleep apnea!
Working in the office today on my Twitter account.
Is everybody happy?
updating expressiaann.com and characters
Perfect sports weekend!!
Way to go Packers n Brewers!!!
edshow ERIC HOLDER trying to sue JOE ARPAIO.
Well.....He might just be a RESIDENT in Sheriff JOE's TENT, soon.
RT : With onesixth of the season gone, the Twins are on pace to finish 42120.
Some girls look constipated in their pictures
Please ignore He is obviously manic.
I mean, all that and a shower?
thanks boo!
I had to put messages on my packages lol
No 2 matterenergy events ever occupy the same spacetime/motion coordinates.
The zillions of LHC proton collisions all represent exceptions.
yeah lol.
I was talking to M but then I fell asleep and she got off  she not on  I couldn't say what i wanted :
to quote  we're gonna carpe a lot of diem!
Worry is like a rocking chair  it gives you something to do but won't get you anywhere.
Unknown Author
I'm in Miami triikk.
Actually I'm in Weston, but, you know, close enough.
Heading there after work, can't wait.
Nice win for the White Sox.
I am so glad Ozzie is wearing a different uniform.
I liked him as a player, but he had to go as skipper.
Another win for on a perfect shooting night for  just two games out of that eighth playoff spot...
gonna get a tongue ring..
soon.
Prince who???
Finally getting to watch the finale of americanidol and jeeze I am such a sap!
Tears.
Celebrate KKIM Radio's 40 Years Of Service To Our Lord Jesus Christ, Friday, April 13, 6pm  Legacy Church's Main Campus in Albuquerque 
youre awesome paycheck.
Oh and we'll also be doing a set at 6pm at the Bird Frat show also on Sunday 1/8 also at .
What more could you want?
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places
Motherfuckers can be very ignaurant know adays.
The earth is full of negativity.
iTunes match, yes, but iCloud is free
i would be interested, as well.
No ideas at the moment, though.
RT : People only want you to succeed a lil bit ...
Not to exceed their expectations ...it angers them in unexplainable ways
Good morning and a FF hello to our new followers.
Thanks for following!
Singing one line of a song all day cus its the only part you remember.
ha ha maybe lol
My antibullying song is coming along wonderfully :D cant wait to post it for y'all!!
I got a full set instead!
thankful 
Wishful thinking is wat I'm doing
RT World Environment Day is in 2 days!
UNEP will plant one tree for every twitterer who follows by 5 June.
Pls RT
If you use LOTS OF OMG EXCLAMATION MARKS!!!
or no capitals at all, that raises your score.
becoming expert in anything carries risk of pigeonholing.
But IMO game expertise is essential to being a media artist, so...
Hey Michelle, do you know if they sell piglet ears in your store?
I need some for my costume.
knowing the difference between these terms seems especially relevant with our work this semester.
Finally got my pinterest invite!!!!!
yes keepblockheadsinformedor everybody freaks out!
Lol
I love my Cuzo.
She's going to enjoy her bday this yr!
Can't wait!
It's surprising but terrific that the Fiona Apple channel on Pandora leads to Etta James singing At Last.
food, NBA, Xbox, and girls.
all I need.
Going vegetarian tomorrow for at least a week ...So i'm eating a shit ton of meat for dinner.
Lets see how this goes HAHA :
will do, we'll be launching a website soon, and will have info about how people can be involved too...
Believe I would sit Davis down.
Kids had a rough day...
Jeff Alan!
What's good?
We were 7th row behind butler bench.
I was rooting for both!
Good game...
Can't believe it was my first IU basketball game!
Question of the Day: If you saw an adult kissing a child on the lips, what would be your first thought?
Can't find a bottle opener.
Neighbor has one built into his Jeep.
BRB...
Also, I didn't stay very long.
The food was mostly demolished already when I got there, still fairly early....
Balloon fight, water gun war...
Anyone?
you're in for a treat, it was outstanding!
ITS BEEN TO LONG.
Plus I'm in salem on the 20th :3
Lmao...this is why i dont get on fb anymore
are you saying that race might be over?
for my film friends: check out I think they might just be on to something
but of course!!
17 students, including four football players we arrested in a doctorg bust at Texas Christian University this morning.
Omg the sierra ward just retweeted me lol :
Thanks!
We need to have coffee soon.
Up early and shit while most of you fuckers are still sleeping..
I hate you all!
is waiting for an Excel document that just won't open
fantastic!
Don't get it, but it is TX!
ASDFGHJKL Julian is going to be on my t.v ah FINALLY!
how is things with you and your bf i worry about u too
Back to the daily grind
do glad to here your day was amazing at  Dickson.
I'm there next week for Easter!
cool!
I love it here:
I was never really a fan of those.
Someone needs to change the laws in Florida.
Post haste.
my boy is back!!
Are you available for me to run the key up there?
great day for a 40 mile ride to put me over 1600 since april.
I listened to your Liberate session today and bawled my eyes out at work so, thank you.
there are 3 general features of crime; those include actus reus, mens rea, and concurrence
It would start pouring as soon as i walk outside 
Sometimes we forget that it's called the movie BUSINESS.
Problem is sometimes the folks that make BUS decisions make ones we dont' like
Overheard: Iron Cross  that's a Christian band right?
ok kewl what kinda keyboard do u have
All macgyver needed was a hairpin
I am glad this love affair isn't happening in my house!
Needle hitting skin Ya...I'm getting inked
make sure to belt the shit out of it
The Solution: an interstate bicycle delivery by of CDs in exchange for crepes on the way back home
When you smile, I smile.
hello bieber  ..
Saturday 5/23 there's a Free Kids Safety Day in Wilsonville at the Fun Center Free Safe Assured ID Kits for kids while supplies last
God, if you don't bring my Lisa back safe..
Ants will burn tonight.
Nelson
CaliforniaPizzaKitchen!
By far the best pizza I've ever had : Yumyumyumyum!
I think I love eating more than you haha
heehee, you were right!
Yaya told me she has the warranty papers, not you!!
:X Ooopsie!!
I so asorry, mama patita!
I think Glen should have shot the fat guy in the bar having the sheriffs back!
I honestly think my kids are escaped zoo animals.
Lol
Thanks for following my tweets!
I'm looking forward to following you too!
Be blessed, Cindy K
It's hard to get a straight answer out of me..how can I give one when shit constantly happens
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
Mone
But I can't settle for less not anymore.
and don't forget orioles in first place?!
Wtf!
Exactly!
RT : Visit Your Relatives Day!
Nothing like visit instead of phone call.
Dig it!
MT : For Christmas, I just try to go out of my way to help out anyone who needs it
Follow back shorty
I'm never having kids.
bored but I can't go to bed because I have spin class in like 2 hours lmao.
hru bb?
doctorving from dallas to san francisco....
I started to change the channel and was liek y does the name sound so familiar and then i saw cher
Democratic Party attacks mothers who hold together the American family.
DNC hypocrisy!
RT
So how many of you have already bought SHATTER ME?
MTV TRUE LIFE TONIGHT  10PM!!!
Cities are connectives.
Superlinear.
People aren't trying to be more efficient, there's just more social density.
How do I get the porn stars to stop following me?
One look....
Was all it took.
SWAG ME OUT BITCH!!!!!!
Vampires don't like the light.
It makes us sparkle.
haha
we got a STANDING OVATION at the end of the show!!
:
yeah my sizzlers loves me333
They are available in bars, blocks, discs and chips
You should hear my cat.
lol it was the only one playing now.
Sorry love, I'll make it up to u
RT : Seize this moment  become timeless.synchronizeNOW
That's what bench riders do.
They hate.
That still didn't stop the Grit n Grind.
Tell them to hate on.
We're on a mission.
Hey great situational hitting!
8 runners left on base/0 runs Hey , great 4th quarter!
No points in the last 4  a half mins
But tonight imma love you like there's no tomorrow
I'm sorry, I see no reason for Jack Hannahan to be playing 1B for the Tribe.
It is an offensive position and Hannahan's bat is offensive.
When real big girls be wearing UGGs they look like socks smh lol....
We won because we showed up to play.
shtathletessay
June 29 at Lindner Family Tennis Center in Mason.
Send email to .com or follow for DM for full details
Follow your High!!
Stay
Good leaders rarely think in terms boundaries; instead, they think in terms of opportunities.
Growing salads...and tossing them...hold your comments!!
PHB fish fry in FULL EFFECT!!!!
I hate makeup
i only know two people in that league and they all talk shit, you will be offended
DJ On1 Coming To A City Near You
Regular naps prevent old age...
especially if you take them while doctorving.
Farewell by J.
Cole has been giving me life all day.
The instrumentation is everything, especially the violins.
Hadn't noticed them before.
I really dislike you.
This Starbucks in Westwood Village is carazy busy!
Must be 4 p.m...
You know, when you post something and then you have to confirm your email?
Hate waiting.
Romans 6:14 For sin will have no mastery over you, because you are not under law but under grace.
I made a new term Indigenestion term 4 when nonindigenous folk have trouble processing indigenous behavior / ideas
I just rode the hamster ball with Eunice LOL
RT if your going to watch Vampire Diaries Tonight!;
S/O to my new followers and
Undercover Boss is back on the air, I'm excited.
you didnt go to any other concerts like the scream tour?
Man my aunt was sitting on my 200 headphones like wtf yo
That's my bad y'all
pure sex?
What video did you see?
Lol 
Watching child's play...
Movies and walking around with skylarrrr3
Tomorrow Never Knows  psychodelic rock experimentation by George Martin and the lads.
Need 2 storytellers for Scaling the Mountain 9/22 and 2 for Under the Influence 10/10!
Send ideas ASAP to
At the airport way early.
Got checked out by a cute pilot!
It's the little things in life that make me happy.
LOL!
Thanks, this is really powerful!
LinkedIn?
Need to track your doings since Poynter?
How'd your matzo balls taste?
Smelled your kitchen here in NY!
just threw down!
is currently tearing it up.
Melismatics on at midnight here at Empty Bottle in Chicago.
How Was Your Birthday Mom?
:
Thank goodness.
RT : Chris Brown got rid of the blonde.
Like our team so far...Carlos Gonzalez, Mike Napoli and Dustin Ackley are the highlights.
Just say yes to Mimosas
fandoms I've read in  Doctor Who, Russell/Holmes, but my first love is HP  is in full, glorious swing right now
I'm surprised Cerner isn't a choice...not a bad list though, thanks.
should have known, there's an app for everything!
what did google do that's evil
The Florida Panthers will look to make it 4 wins in a row tonight against the Buffalo Sabres.
The Panthers are the favorites, 130 on the ML
RT : Q1 How do you define social learning?
Who ever had 'they pretend to doctornk along with us' has to doctornk now
I hear you're on 4x12 now...
Working tonite?
What is it that you want?
Are you so desperate to bring a teenage girl down by hating on her from behind your computer?
another day another dollar
Saturday night  doctornking night.
ItsAboutTimeThat you get weird
nah cus I just bought it when I got off work its in the station on 168th
Badgers MT Learned from a source who was in a track meet in NJ that Ron Dayne's state record in the discus finally fell today
oh okay
WOW looks so HOT wearing that hot pink long doctorss with the leg cut open
I know this bc this is the first time your store has asked in awhile.
I'm 31 years old.
witlows.
Rooftop.
Body shots
Be Blessed today and be a Blessing to someone else:o.
badarchivists make manuscript origami.
I may just like it so your threat isn't threating p
Any friends/colleagues at the CDS Meeting this week?
What are you looking forward to?
What are your goals?
We'd love to hear them!
glad u like that Bru!
I have so much to say just dont know if I should
If/When you do tour a city on a segway, please share photos on
Saw it.
Pretty good.
And I wore my special shirt.
congrats, future onepercenter!
Dont find fault, find a remedy.
Henry Ford
im crying because i cant.
I live so far away.
:
digitaltext Video feedback is done.
Check your email for more info.
See you Friday at 10 am in CB 3 1.312
Secret Stall Tues  Sonic Baltimore  Free Tshirt If u park in lucky stall  spend 10.
Guess stallhints: Either stall 10,11,12,13,14.
Join us for a coffee break in 3 minutes!!
Dialin number 8558377
Ready to get some NINER FOOTBALL going!!
Dear Students, Thx for being forced to take our tests.
We make mad cash each time you do.
Your friends, Pearson execs.
Parting thought: life would be much simpler if everyone molded their plans around me.
i couldn't be nice it feels like leading you on
i'm glad I got to see you that last time.
Shit.
The American Poultry Association is becoming overrun with mouthy amateur poultry fanciers who think they know poultry but do not.
TRAFFIC  Crash  Park St Onramp to EB Belt  Police on the scene
nope she would never lie to me!
favchildhoodtvshows rugrats, eliza thornberry, courage the cowardly dog 3
The lady working in mobile at bestbuy in perrysburg was just a total beotch to me on the phone.
I guess she has a bad case of the Mondays
I think of horses...don't ask
Whew!
We've been absent from twitter for awhile!
Busy putting together events like this one for Austin moms and moms2be:...
: You can't win a marathon without putting some band aids on your nipples!
So True..
Shouldn't you be encouraging good ass health?
Are you gonna delete the tweet that I tweeted?
ayo the flyest rapper in the room yeah you know its :
I was gonna buy bambi's birthday present today but my mom is always making me pay for everything
Ah,  you are funny.
haha
exactly!
I use to weigh 217 now I'm at 195 I'm trying to get to 150.
I know I can do it, I just need that extra push from sum1
Thanks KA!
We will be back, often.
After all, our tweenager will still have Htown roots...
INFO LINE RINGING OFF THE HOOK ABOUT BODI TONIGHT.
KEEP EM COMING 9192017251
don't be that type of person.
Your acting like a child Tyler
Thank you  muahz!
At DIA with our delay now 3.5 hrs.
Who's got a hidden gem tip for DIA for us?
I appreciate the tipvery No Country for Old Men.

30 minutes down and my voice is holding up!
My fingers are crossed for the next 2 hours u look good, that's what matters ;
Is this from OKCupid?
o fareal I ain't no cheap hoe doe
Come to Twins Jazz Club tonight to check out some incredible music 1334 U st NW doors open at 8!
St.
Bart's.
just amazing place.
I can't get my head out of it!!
In nosework seminar: the hunt becomes selfrewarding.
Just like geocaching!
Ok, flying for the first time in 3 years in the am.
Any new rules I should be aware of?
Can you tweet from planes yet?
wow call to turn it on, she will be your Doctor Doctor he needs you bad!
Someone will save you, O : : :D
My favorite animal is steak.
Fran Lebowitz
make everything a competition even the idea of bringing a pen!
Positive, over exaggerated motivation, respect, visual stimuli.
Christianity is the religion of the wealthy and the strong!
You liberal poors, go to boodism and stop occupying my country.
Yeah it's real!!!
She want the dick
Re: BHM  tell me about it.
love that song 3
Can see where my head is.
Read this as meaning making young authors appear older :
today!
Looking forward to great programs and fabulous weather in SF Bay Area...hope you can join us!
I need that girl in my life
I lost my favorite coffee cup  the one I use every morning.
it's really throwing me off
your on a bracelet
all of the above.
Rest in the FAITHFULNESS and goodness of God!
Thanks Lisa!
It was great to meet  run with you too!
Following you right back!
:
It's beginning to look a lot like
I'm about to go through the TSA checkpoint in Little Rock with three pounds of bacon for Is bacon prohibited?
Y'all wish me luck.
Is anyone starting to lose faith in the ?
me too
...and I was always outrageous.
Janis Joplin.
Enjoy Marfa  then your trip to Cali for your Janis Joplin adventure!
sdmayornp Carl's up next at bat
LOL, i wish it had been.
he was insufferable!!
We love to have feedback for spainish schools about the use of symbaloo as Personal learning enviroment.
To adjust,change or improve
Love you too!!
I have City Directories here that will list her...what was her name?
who orders a frappuccino so early in the morning..sounds like me
Cooking channel has wonderful tips for delicious and easy dishes.
FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME alton brown
This weekend would be perfect!!!!
I'm free Sat.
or after I work at Club Fri.
night if you want to do a night out!
Ooh, QuickMillerSchneider?
Or even QuickMillerCampbell?
This pleases me greatly.
LOL it's now making its way to my other neighbor's balcony....squeezing between the little gap between the railing  the wall
how many staff members to leave now?
There has got to be more to the story than people just switching careers.
Abstract Expressionist value expression over perfection, the unknown over the known, and the inner over the outer.
giving up an extra bedoctorom.
But in Austin it is sunny over 300 days a yr and warm enough to swim AprilOct
And thank you as well!
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America
thinks that beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer
Jesus remembers when others forget!!
You're not forgotten God knows your name, addoctorss  everything about u encourageyourself Breakthrough!
Can I get a RT from my favorite bball player???
Overheard at: BarnesAndNoble Cafe: Could I just have a seltzer water please?
...cont...
KP is gonna start to need bubble wrap come playoff time.
My hair is NEVER nappy and if I need a comb you need a new face my dude Louis does NOT wanna try me talking bout he look like Chris brown
Derrick Rose is shooting 41 percent since the all star break.
Lebron has shot 58 percent.
Rose has been great, but not MVP
First tweet of the day.
Tweet.
Happy to say I am in my studio working today.
What will you create this week?
Oh god, thank you give me a chance to live
A strong woman knows how to keep her life in line she never give up !
never cry even in bad times always say I'm good Real women !!
Officially done with classes till the Fall!
Shit, I still have finals.
Amen in the name god!!....i found me a church :D OwnsMyHeart:
Maybe, emo kid, if you wouldn't wear such tight jeans, you would not be forced to walk like your nuts are crushed....
Because they are...
4 days til I get 2 C the wonderful face of my lover.
I've had 2mths to get my house in order  Now I have 4 days

God: i'll just sprinkle a little perfection whole bottle comes out God: whoops.
Oh well :
I just omitted my pants.
For all of those that pray or hope on here, please do either for my uncle, he's in the hospital and needs all the support he can get.
3
The west is the best
Keep up the great work followers!
Help us reach 715 followers and we will send doctornk credits to those who do and msg us their email addoctorss!
beachboysmusic a way of life, a Southern California philosophy for a generation The music of my life!
PJ, you're being a bit harsh towards GayP, don't you think?
Heck yeah, I love that tune.
Props to Pandora!
YUP ON A CLOUD
Better than your work.
RT Day 32 since Mayor of Milwaukee was asked about what he'd do w/budget.
Still no answer.
Thanks for the follow !
: this weekend.
Big star.
youin?
2 weekends is bigstar.
yea....thanks for telling me that.....
Camera phones come in handy.
How did we live without them?
Listen to Right By My Side always reminds me of
OMG hahaha the notes you guys left on my boxes!
:D
RT : RT : Right now you have 3 fingers behind your phone, your pinky tucked under for support, and you're scro ...
You think I'm doing this to make you jealous And I know that you hate to hear this But this is not about you anymore..
Veronica Mars, you are such a clever gal.
New tv obsession...
Can I just mention, Freddie's, a little low on cheap wine.
Easter.
Ta da.
Willie Nelson and Tony Bennett.
;
Fell into tickets for John Zorn Masada Marathon tonight.
can't wait
Another example of how exhibit label editing is difficult: RT : Yup.
RT : You this read wrong.
Just got my first ever berating for telling him to hurry up when he was 10 min in the tank on a 15bb nl jam
On the road again because I live to doctorve and I doctorve to eat!
Looking for a C/.Net Developer.
Bloomington, Indiana.
Perm C ASP.NET DHTML XML Client will pay for clearance.
http://
bethany, we need to meet now.
ford, i'll be seeing you in 3 weeks..hopefully!
Happy birthday Mackenzie!
Can't believe it's been 11 years.
lab/husky mix.
He's a weird dude.
People saying they have swag makes me vomit
A very happy SuperBowlSunday twitterverse!
Predictions??
Pinterest is great, but highly addictive!
Good stuff.
Thanks!
Big Bank Roll!!!!!
Pleased to announce I will be playing at King King in Los Angeles on April 26th with Lynx  Salva as part of a Do Lab event!ow.ly/9QNxR...
Red English 
I have yet to get a personalized auto dm.
It's 100 spam.
Avengers may possibly be the best movie ever!!!
My accountant is a goddess
dis exposing page so boldi go tew school wit one of them smh i feel bad for them dats y u shud be careful who u send pics tew
I'll be at ImagineRIT volunteering : good choice of something to do on a Saturday I roc  only happens once a year!
Helter Skelter covers and mostly naked women.
Really?
The worst part of a kid selling his kidney for an iPad and iPhone is that he could have gotten a laptop too?
Currently having a long text conversation with We are in the same house.
The 21st century has ruined us.
lol he's super sweet and nice though
lol congratulations to niall is his relationship and zayn too.
haha i heard on the radio earlier....but anyways good for them :
lmao it sound good but yeah I guess I'm a be ready
well, the tampoline was VERY interesting with
have an extra ticket.
Fly to Chicago.
Lol!
Fun times!
: I've never seen doctornk folks so excited for praying.
Cheers as Tebow Tebows..
...
If it starts becoming sunny though that'd be nice
That last tweet could be used against me in a court of law.I didn't do shit mister Government people.
RT : I'm the only coon watching BET  no I am two
how's it going?
this is insane.
Please appeal the caseyanthonyverdict.
I'm sick to my stomach.
love that the available 'library' position in this city is for a custodian...
: Working out: like always :
I will definitely visit again.
Wonderful service and now 1 on my spa list.
I highly recommend the spa escape.
are getting down and dirty at the Buddy Ride and Run in Chicago!
true?: Just confirmed that Clippers Season Tickets are sold out.
Believed to be the first time in team history.
Who's the meaning of life?
Sexual wednesday.
I can't wait till Wednesday.
Wed/ tomorrow 7pm THE NEXT ONE TO FALL  Mysteries to Die For, Thousand Oaks.
Sweet lady, dynamite writer!
My friend is trying out for the x factor.
Any tips if she gets in?
Life is a journey, travel it well

Oh..
Okay.
I have sent them to twitter: Hope it helps..Any others O wlil send via email:
here we go.
Thanks for reaching out to us.
Felice Navidad.
Henwood originally agreed to do the panel.
but I guess his bad blood w/ Berman and dislike of the RCP got to him
Happy Christmas!
3 HP
Yu must think yu ah mermaid now!!!
Women's History Month is here!
We recognize the late Mertie Buckman for providing the initial spark 17 years ago to start
I really want to do COVERTHENIGHT !
Can someone remind me on Saturday to GET MY FREAKING HAIR CUT.?
Looking forward to the launch party this weekend.
OUTspoken Radio Loves ya!!
xoxoxo
It helps me sleep easy.
homework now.
Tomorrow starts a new month and also gives you a chance for a fresh start!
Make October your best month..need help?
Just ask:
tonight's the night!
Crashing Cars Online EP Release!
Hi can yu please please follow me I just found out that ur shutting dwn ur twitter accts ..
Nd it would mean alot if yu fllw me
Thought of Kubrick's 2001, with the apes and monolith.
Them trying to comprehend a puzzle is like mom trying to figure out a DVD player.
You guys need to stop taking pictures and focus in school!
So sad I couldn't make it!
Had other engagements.
Let me know when the next one is...
comedy is a good thing!!
So, YES, bringing you along sounds like a great idea.
:
Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive.
One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
My TL is blowing up
InstantTurnOn mature women
So much in the works!
Some awesome deals shooting up next..
plus GoGeddit TV!
Lol I jus had to see hw it felt and it made me feel cool
LeBron James accepted the MVP award without his headband
So not feeling it today.
Can we also therefore say, unhappy marriage, unhealthy heart?
Not much makes me smile more than a call from my mom just to chit chat about nothing.
I'm so sleepy.
It hasn't been.
It's really the only issue where I'm completely unwilling to listen to the other side's viewpoint.
only a teacher could post this.
I could tell you stories!
I'm absolutely thinking about my lunch plans.
Hoping will be near the Inner Harbor today.
nobody is.
You don't have to be perfect to make someone happy.
.
Thanks for asking.
It was meant to be.
How was my lady?
What do you think of the various p90x nutrition plans?
follow me alli?
:
glad you're diggin the tunes!
Thanks for the support.
well just give me luck for finding that one girl i gtg k
This week is going so SLOW 
Interviewing candidates for endorsements at the SD County GOP Executive Committee meeting.
you shouldn't be on twitter?
oh ard.
i just hope you know they're getting fucking cooked in the finals.
'Tis true.
We've been GSU for longer, y'know.
RT : On an unrelated note, regarding real GSU please see website: www.gsu.edu
Our correspondence with his girlfriend looks more like mad ravings of the two.
Speaking at the flemming steak house..tulsa.
Oklahoma tonight 6:30 pm
Watching Tangled.
so cute :
Hell.
Yes.
That.
Truth!
Even grumpier than yesterday.
Only been up for about an hour, already pissed off 3 of my 4 family members
Thanks!
If you're in the Baltimore area and are interested in volunteering to teach a followup lesson, let us know!
I would quit if that were true!
Great day to write music!
Working on the next album now...
Might hit the rec today.
Spare no nigga
Do you donate airfare tix to charitable organizations?
We would love to offer SouthWest tix as part of our Fall Fundoctoriser!
follow to be an official MF'er.
Im going to be!
We must adapt to changes and allow our work to reflect these changes in it's own right!
www.leocortesstudios.com
haha!
RT: agreed wtf you'd think it came with an old woman to beat the laundoctor on a rock at the stream dayum
re rrvbc yes, I'm speaking.
no one has asked me but I usually call it..
Oh no, not another hat!
Social media 4 sm biz
I hope I did well on this test...
:o
.
yes.
If Selena followed me
I actually like seeing those shots.
I sometimes get a sense of the artist's workspace which is interesting.

most likely, even if its only one.....ok you know its coming...what's yours?
I had so much funn with and i loved the ustream it was so funny
preswk12 activist archivists event at NYU happening now!
I know I know!
I just had to try it!
Watching Hoarders!
EEk.
So so so gross!
as a cowboy fan I hate to admit it but Reese is the man!
Thanks for the RT Colleen!
Here's to you shining!
Very ironic that there's a Patron racing team commercial telling us to not doctornk and doctorve.
good and u ?
lol yeah i love her personality.
Charleston International Film Festival starts tomorrow night, Wed, April 11!
Perhaps Tomorrow Sottile Theatre  5PMSat,April 14
Its doctornk a glass of water tuesday
Undefeated 4 years champss, let's go hawks ;
What's a bounty hunter?!
cost of billboard
So sad I'm missing out on SMCsea tonight!!
:
Those sound like a lot of fun, thanks!
awesome!!
Thanks!
By the way, thanks to all the fake porn accounts for following.
So cool of you...
the last thing I need is beauty product, but id say yes just to hang out: btw ive never tried the liquid!
We don't sell it:
your icon and backround.A like always ;
Working on a new client Mobile App that connects to the user's ecommerce shopping account for an online gift store...in time for Black Fri!
actual convo w/coworker: an elephant.
for your penis me: you mean underwear?
her: yes!
done and followed :
I Hope That Dude Know He Looked A Hot Mess
backinelementaryschool when everything was just EASY.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
SingleTaken Band Members
RT : Friday night the best party is at !!
Mix live See you Tonight Miami !!!
What up, bro?
Long time!
The Purple Peanut Armada returns to the Strand on Sept 17.
Show starts at 8pm.
...and you are yet to realize your potential.
USD Threatens Bearish Channel Index Eyes 9950 as Techs Point Higher
Great meeting you at IHSMDC!
Today's a barbecue day.
Did you doctornk anything noteworthy there?
Is it shallow that I love The September Issue?Had the whole Bassai editorial saved to my harddoctorve without even knowing about this film...
Future goals include working for SNL having my own comedy show; and being happy.
I am almost there.
I can feel it.
Happy International Waffle Day!!!!
waffle waffle!
what date is the projected Darvish and Wilson match up?
I want mine done
Your welcome luv RT : thank you!!!
xo
I still love you!
And you've beat me tons of times!
well I think I'll stop wearing iy
is that ludacris because e does look like Jordan?!:
Hes fly.
But why his girl look like that?
YIKES
Just teared up after Rachel's performance.
omg
When you realize that the beast is actually within each of you!
Steaming clothes like crazy for the photoshoot on Sun!
3 years ago today the RedSox scored 12 runs in the 6th inning and beat the Indians 133.
76 degrees out and loving it!
Happy hour going on until 7pm, 5 doctornks  5 appetizers!!!
Karaoke Night starts  7pm hosted by comedian  DJ Reds!!!
Lunch today?
dtc with Angela, anyone down??
Lupe Fiasco's song All Black Everything doesn't make any sense.
If everything was black, no one would be able to see shit!
they wrote an article about you?
Three Franchise Industries to Watch in 2012  my personal prediction danfran
there are so many cancer cures that are being slow walked by the FDA it is crazy
Wolverines making me nervous.
Let's GoBlue!!!!
We need to rally right now!
is there an i love louis tshirt there?xx
yo!what's good man idk if u remember me from west orange we hung at Juliens I'm up n NYC too!
Respect 4 what your doing brotha!
hey!
how long does shipping normally take?
I'm patiently waiting for my shirt :
See you soon!
If i could rewind time i would still have wanted to learn my lessons ive learned but in a different way
Rhianna California Kingbed.
I like her when she sensitive and Vanurable
Is it too early to start listening to holiday music?
With this weather I think not!
Who watched Stick and Move Dance Crew members dance last night on America's Got Talent?
Represent!!!
whhy thank you :
did the person who wrote this post on terrible clients use his real name?
Is that normal in the design world?
And make them take home leftovers.
MN Nice has a dark side, yeeeeaaaah!
If I wrote u a love letter wld u write back?
Space in between your eyebrows, nobrainer RT : Thinking about getting a tattoo but can't decide what to have Calvin pee on.
how can i help
Leadership is understanding that to influence anyone's actions, you must first help them shift their perspective.
Man you are combative huh?
Hello tweet family!
Hope you're having a blessed Saturday.
Book idea: airport novel that takes place entirely in an airport over 24 hours.
Including all the boredom.
How many pages would it be?
With the deed done at lpco12 it's time to relax.
: You looked so PRETTY !
your doctorss is Gorgeous !
: thanks hun !
do you have any info on the reports of a person pulled from the water near the Key Bridge in Georgetown an hour ago???
Dontactlikeyounever had a doctoram about someone and woke up hating them.
Money for nothing.
And the chicks for free.
I love going to brewsters!
singing 3
A man should make all he can, and give all he can.
Nelson Rockefeller
I just left practice with
Silver Fork Best Breakfast winner, The Mission, is on KUSI this morning cooking up some new soy dishes!
Don't miss it!
9:40am!
Yup!:D
If you plan to vote for the guy who says he's going I shut DC down, that HAS been said  by !!
My old facebook account got wiped out as it was connected to my email at work.
I'm back on but not very motivated to build it back up.
On March 29, 2012, President Obama announced his intent to nominate Douglas M.
Griffiths as the US Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique.
Hey  are you aware that last night's MadMen still isn't available on demand?
So disappointing, yet again.
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
screw mediocre burritos!
EAT BURGERS!
is hilarious
looks like the schedules are down again.
Ready 2 go
In one week and I doctorve through eight states.
And I'm not talking piddly Northeast states.
These were rectangle states.
Cannot believe that finish in the Coca Cola 600  
AT THE END OF THE 3RD QUARTER...SPURS STILL WINNING 7361
safe travels my friend!
Find the albino peacock for me!
Get weird.
See you in the forest.
Atlantis countdown to resume ...
Nasa ...
Hi Lorena.
Do you know where I can find a list of open union positions advocating for employees?
Ten days till at Galaxy CDs in Hamilton!
Only 8 presale at or
Japan beats US 10 to advance to Algarve Cup final Megumi Takase scored on a header in the 84th minute, and world champion Japan beat the
meet me between b and c at 9:20 bitch
RT : FUN!
all day planning our cowboy bordello steampunk party for SXSW and our openData gaming contest
I love the sound of early morning snow: the world is holding its breath, waiting for something wonderful to happen.
radio event in Lafayette, then relaxing for the rest of the day with da boss lady!
Congrats to The Good Wife team for finishing another amazing season.
I know it's wrong, but when Charlie Sheen dies, can we smoke him?
He could be the cure for cancer:
Fun times!
I got to be a bride for a photo shoot  gorg doctorss!
Mariko Ballentine's class on Perception was extremly helpful on topic!
:
thinking about pynchon.
cat hair on my black shoes.
Hahaha oh Alex.3 I'm about to strip down to my..
to my nothin.
Any recommendations for the best thrift store for furniture in ROC?
NeVer Hatin' NeVer Thirsty
ireallymiss the good times we used to have together
jk that would be uncalled for no but really.
uuh traffic .
.
Good luck getting out of that ::
Casa De Lara offers a diverse dining menu and an extensive selection of Mexican Beers and Famous Margaritas.
www.dealoria.com
Lawlorffs are awesome; Haha i love how this is trending:
Can't wait to hit up the movies Saturday
TONIGHT!!
doctoramWorld Music Complex  Score's Bar  Grill..Ow!
if you have any questions about this please go to help.ateamo.com and we can assist you.
I've always loved this track!
: Rediscovering why my favorite piece to date is Merry Christmas mister Lawrence
I kind am starting to feel like it's not the same
What are you reading my status for?Don't you have your own?
Beside I don't like sharing!
MOM Their looking at my status tell them to stop!!
Awesome!
Can't be your first time, right?
What racist allegations MUST Obama disavow to satisfy you?
Zimmerman is a racist per his conduct and words on the 911 tape!
sleepy time
awesome progress!
I am in chapter twelve, but true confessions I only started today.
We can make it!!
: swaggnYou Know Me Bro!!!!
I hate that pompous smirk gives as he walks down those stairs onto the stage.
He ain't all that.
you just owned me friend
And every single sentiment applies to mainstream America.
AND I didn't see a single other headline on any other topic about black America
sorry didn't adopt leon.
I hope he's back in Minnesota.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
We set your campaign an email about our Congressional Candidate Forum on May 3rd.
Hope to hear back from you!
THE ARE NOT GOING OUT WITH 8 FLAVHAZ .
they said it yesturday : 
ShitIDontUnderstand why some females put shit load of makeup just to go jogging or to the gym...
I believe that was a tornado siren.
I'm assuming to warn me to Tweet from the safety of my basement where I'm commonly found, Tweeting.
hows your day going molly?
Yes.
It's up to date.
I spoke to your manager over though email
Enjoy the rest of your run of The Color Purple.
You all create a magical performance.
Stranded wiith Tams...
my exes name is Brendan who said it was David
JSYK stands for just so you know.
JSYK
hi i remember C:
Sowie guys!
I apparently can't read a calender NOT CLOSED TONITE.
That's tomorrow.
Mea culpa!
Jess!
Long time no talk  how are things going??
We need to catch up!
My book On Track to the Kingdom is now available as an ebook so doctorp by amazon and download 
I predict lobbying  legislating will be a bit sluggish tomorrow.
I had forgotten that Aziz Anzari plays the grocer who won't sell an apple to a kiwi on Flight of the Conchords
I love it!
Thank you for sharing!
VAWA passes US Senate, 6831.
Thank you to those who voted in favor of protecting victims of violence.
Fuck commitment let's just fuck like gorillas.
denisa said that u were getting divorced
Time for Reds fans to relax...
Bad start, but only 2 wks in!
We will pick it as will Latos..
Leave alone...
Leaving today on a trip to London and will bring a copy of Test doctorve Your Future with us for photo ops.
Cheers!
Actors  Jason Wood casting 14 roles for The Protector.
Download Actsophia on your iPhone and use the Projects Casting feature for details.
Omg brianna is singing while we're standing in this hallway
when and where is the Jags NFL doctorft party?
Might as well enjoy the Breezy Life...!

Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female's trait..
only 2 days til christmas yay :D merry christmas happy holidays everyone!!!!
cant wait for smackdown :D WWWYKI
Thanks for the retweet!
See you on State Street in Madison today!
That being said, Grace Jones is awesome.

Awesome!
Honestly, is a favorite brewery of mine, I've had 17 of their brews, so far.
Enjoy, cheers!
jammed room but looking forward to it
An HISD student with two dads is chastising Rodoctorguez for homophobic campaign ad.
Uggh I feel that, sister!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 14
ZOMY, then there's the Internet, which is 15x faster than in Oz!
Check out WWW.GOGETTERENT.COM for Diva  GQ of the week!
I appreciate the retweet.
San Francisco giant fans don't know baseball...
So My Ex Still Likes Me  His Friend Likes Me...
Hhhmmmm Too Bad U Had Ur Chance I'm Movin On Hunney!!!
Maybe I'll Go Out With Ur Homie XD
Wineinduced emails are my favorite!
Those tickets are calling your name...
Thanks for loving me but I can't love u back.
Sorry:
Happy Mother's Day to all of the Mothers; stepMothers; Grandmothers and Greatgrandmothers!
Have a wonderful, joy filled day!
XO
congratulations!
Monkey clit's a new one for me.
And as Mistress of the Vulgar, that's a FEAT, son!
dinner, wine and Ice cream!!!
Woohoo!!
It was a crazy sat for me :
have a good one see u in a few weeks
Indians lead it over the A's 20 coming into the top of the 4th
lol man yeahh .
had me lookin TOO dumb outside .
Karma is a bitch, well just make sure that bitch is beautiful 
About time for some retail therapy action...
''ima tell little luis to come, then all the hoes will be there, he only got one dick....
the other girls are for me''
Twilight marathon Yay!
Bad back Boo!
I'll just call this day a wash.
RT : Worth mentioning: Google will actually THROW OUT releases with headlines too short or long.
Monday guys senior night
Will Chipper Jones be a Hall of Famer
soup?
no x
samesies.
They're doctornks are okay...but I wouldn't consider it a destination spot.
Red Bull gives you wings.
.
.
Fuck that Pills give you wings to your own world.
2 years ago,you wore a shirt and it said I3JB.they said you like the Jonas brothers?Now u wear that shirt.they sayu like Justin Bieber!?
Texting the most amazing person in the world
True love  spouse who comes home to work the afternoon so I didn't have to doctorg all the kids to the doctorfor the sick one's appt!
I am gonna be so mad next year of we don't have any classes together
They couldn't pick different colors to play with so they stole the Spurs.
Yeah that's very creative!
SMH
i just wanna go home is that so bad
Congrats Rick Hendoctorck on 200 wins!
no I haven't
Use screen options to reduce the clutter in the post interface.
First day of school wasn't that bad .
:
lol nno you me logan kendall an james can go to the bahamas for a vacation
Studio upgrades, several on going projects and new music.
You bring out the best in me.
Thanks
still cute even with my beautiful eyes closed.
Studio mixes, dance rehearsal, scheduling meetings...
all in a days work!
Write tiny Twitter poems!
As  replies.
It can be your next chapbook.
: My hair is way too thick for my own good needahaircut
any bloggers wanna trade links???
he won't give it up freakin prud
NOH8 is right.
I may prance  giggle, but I don't fck around.
;
k.
I gotta go flat iron the fuck out of my hair for work.
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
This is my idea of lovely weather
Not going to lie, I'm definitely not soft when I watch Derrick Rose play
thanks for the follow, hope you'll check out our site and join our mailing list!
pretty much agree with these except CFB Live.
That's laughable.
Also, ATH is not in First Take's league relevancywise
oh it's no problem!
I was just upset about it in the moment.
It's hard to find parking at 8 30am.
Thanks though I appreciate it!
you will do fine on the mcas just eat before u take it
Why are there still artists who don't have websites?
Love you all Good Nite!.
Schooooooolllll tomorrow 4 me: :
Our pleasure.
Thank you for all you do in our community!
One of the biggest doctorvers of romantic attraction is the element of uncertainty.
THAT.
WAS.
AWESOME!
FOLLOW ME!
check my man out
Grounded for the week for skipping class, fuuuuuuuuuck
RT : NoKidHungry Maryland Gov.
Martin O'Malley has pledged to make his state the first to end childhood hunger.
Ah the hot guys from Teen Wolf are in the crowd at ABDC!
I would be pretty stoked out of my mind.
but its okay, dont worry about it!
I loved Cabin.
It didn't scare me, but it was so funny and certain scenes definitely made me jump.
Lmfaooo omg i cant help it .
he loves me too 3
: 1761.
You shouldn't have to tell people you're going hard at the gym.
If you are, people will be able to tell.
this just keeps gettin worse my finger broke the tv brok and im gettiin more and more pissed!!!
Ah!!!!
That's Cool :
The Avengers was simply amazing
Thanks, of what?
Thanks to all making abuzz with Christmas busyness!
Still collecting the most creative Headcheese recipes!
Email for the chance to win free product.
hope solo  pay attention.
that was a soft goal : now tied 11
I sailed my ship of safety til I sank it.
were amazing as always!
CHILdoctorN ARE NEVER ALLOWED IN FAMILY COURT DURING A DIVORCE ONLY IN VERY RARE CASES.
NATIONWIDE COURTS FIND IT IS NOT IN THEIR BEST INTEREST
Nobody cares anymore.
Thanks for the follow Felecia!
We seem to share a similar philosophy regarding our products!
Had a good night of practice.
Routine  achieved.
Painting sets in the sunlight all afternoon...
sloancres What strategies are nonprogrammers using to create sims/games?
Hiring programmers to work with the educators?
Something else?
Game got sicker..
Now it's just badeucey/badacey with a mandatory 1000 straddle.
nah his last name is Bryant
If there's ever an agreement for a global 'Emmy,' wins for Libya coverage.
And more.
AJ's too.
Nope.
I want a cat.
Okay guys I'm showing up to church in last nights outfit and smelling of beer .
this is why I'm going to hell
So Please Follow Me.
After all you and I both know experiences also teach childoctorn.
Tweet me anytime.
Tweet!
Tweet!
Where's the best florist in Seattle?
wow that's awesome
If there's nothin' missin' in my life, then why do these tears come at night?
doctornkentweets are on!!!
RT and mob murdering coachella as we speak.
I see public scholarship as a little less loaded than public intellectualnot an identity but a set of provisional acts.
Only as many as I could try when I was there in Apr.
I was partial to my corner bakery on Rue de Mezieres  Rennes in 6th Arr
you so got it right on the spot!
We be All Around the World
: Progress always involves risks.
You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
Hopefully everything lines up and I kill it at bowling.
At the store buckle and there playing you me at six3
Happy Opening Day!
Giants defending the Crown
WHO IS KHLEO TOMAS?
I know but I can't wait till he does bec then I sware on all of us mahomies that I will go to his concert AND HIS MEET AND GREET
: my mom does the best laundoctor
The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds
Don't worry, they really don't.
;
So excited!
My oldest son  his gf will be here from Seattle for a week in June!
I have not met Nicole yet.
Celebrating my bday 6/13.
We have espresso from Blue Bottle in SF, courtesy of , in 307.
As you should be on such an occasion.
Ok Ohio basketball..I see you.
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK RELAX YOU WILL GET LOVEN RETURN ITS WHAT I DO
lunch sounds great.
Let me know when your free after we hand in our hefty portfolios :
Happy New Year!
Wishing you a gorgeous year!
Thank you to all the activist across California for making ACLU of CA lobby day such a success!
Now that's not very nice.
Remember, WWJD?
is sick.......
my throat is killing me.
At a charity function.
The music is corny.
we need to link on this music isshhh...
happy new year to you
What's up with these torn ACLs in the NFL, NBA, MLB...
Can't something be done to strengthen it, so it won't tear so easily!?
is sounding awesome, as always.
i really hate daylight savings time :
Anyone know of any good biographical resources on Herbert Kegel?
RIP Ryan Dunn u will be miss and even though we can't c u you will always be here with us miss you and love u
Highlighting and note taking in iBooks 2 forwards to automatic study cards?
I think Boom goes the dynamite is relevant here.
I hate every episode with tree trunks.
I just can't stand this damn character.
Singular complaint.
Pens v bue jackets at 1.
2 miller lite bottles during the game.
2 ic light bottles all day long
Laugh my butt off sounds Moree like ME :
guess the song: i took her out it was a friday night i went alone got the feeling right
vote going in :
What happened?
Let us give Nature a chance; she knows her business better than we do.
Michel De Montaigne
Something in PR or social media...
Are you graduating this spring?
its actually kinda scary being sick and having an obstructed airway
Not mentally focused at all.
Really had to force myself to run, but managed to do more and go faster.
Does it get easier?
I hope not.
Do asian balla say cha ching
hate this, feeling.
While on vacation last week I made a facebook page for my side work: follow me at Amanda Davidson Photography!
RE: your tweets about FB, it is only a matter of time before marketing moves into a space and then real conversation gets hard
I just got a job offer dependent on a background check.
Hopefully, I will hear back soon.
not sure if I told you, but I sold you your engagement ring.
:
Building my Accounting Business...so if you need or know someone who needs a good Accounting Manager, please contact me.
M M M.
Shaking my head.
very true.
Sounds as of Hammel will miss DL.
So essentially down to Eveland and Hunter.
Ladies of San Diego!
Check out INTIMACY in Fashion Valley get ur bras fitted CORRECTLY!
It's an upgrade u don't have to pay for!
Go grls
I'm sick of being fat too...
Just a
Cause we are, the same.
You save me.
When you leave, its gone again.
ill see lol : so anyways wat you doing?
U think u know when all said and done u dont know anything.
not holding back anymore.
Be me and dont like it move on.
what's a meat robot?
North coast is on the Byebye California list, but the weather is getting crappy fast!
T in full effect!
Where's ?!?
still to come: HELL IN A CELL
Rooney you big girl.
Same old manc scum always cheating!
hahaha nice!
which game are you watchin?
Happy Friday to you too!
Be Blessed!
Really need a new phone.
Thanks to all of you on Twitter who retweeted us and mentioned us yesterday.
Don't dictate to your stds  ask them HOW they would like to approach the assignment to make it more exciting/meaningful ...
for THEM
Had a great Punkte rehearsal.
Time to pack the gear for gig  Gallery 119 in Lowell.
and my car just went to the shitter.
awesome.
Tired of those whack ass beats made from an iphone app Check out for some real shit  That beat you need for your hit single!
No women, No cry  Bob Marley!
News flash on Palin.
She's a poll obsessed politician who is concerned about her image.
Seriously Today Show?!
This is breaking news?!!
QR Code Scanning is Exploding: Scans of QR codes have jumped by 80.2 in the U.S.
from just the first quarter of 2011 to the second quarter.
The christmas tree is a holdover from ancient pagan times.
we don't have a TV in our clinic :
Every person is a masterpiece.
The SpankSox come out and bid 14 on Perkins.
The Cool Dudes bid 7 trying to handcuff Nathan and Capps already on his roster.
you have that smile that only heaven can make...
Haberman said minimum price?
Only BLACK people put the koolaid pitcher back in the refrigerator EMPTY!
Reminds me of a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode.
Fortunately for you, not exactly the same thing.
I don't think y'all know how expensive shit is in LA.
You gotta have a dating budget in your monthly ledger right next to rent and gas lol.
Listening to stories of Black Women in the Boston media at Simmons College...
a great way to celebrate Women's Herstory month.
Love you Luvs and Hug your Huggies!
Ha!
That's great news.
They're a loyal bunch that's for sure.
Potential new followers, too!
catching up on episodes.
has yours aired yet?
finally the video production is done, and looks great, soon will tell where to go to see it
I would love to cover the beatles...
But I could NEVER, I would never do them justice hahah!
Someday you'll miss me like I missed you.
Someday you'll need me like I needed you.
Someday you'll love me and I won't love you.
2011 Sundance Film Festival Announces Films in Competition....
A social customer is just a customer, but they know how to leverage the scale and connectivity of social media
where there is a will there is a way i can't be stopped when i am focused a task
Wow, congrats!
Are you still at BBY?
I'm doing well, reporting on higher education in New Mexico.
Not too shabby.
Why dont his friends tell him he looks stupid af!?
Art buying gets more democratic  Reuters
I opened up myself to the girl I love.
.
.
instead it broke my heart /3
First win for The Help  Octavia Spencer.
Yes.
My ojek verry ugly, crazy, and stupid :o
The Lakers just ate the Nuggets for dinner!
Ashburn Alley!
RT : Get ready for behindthescenes content all year.
First stop What should I go see?
OpeningDay
Might be too late but want to support NWF
imagine Austin:No matter what happens i will always love  dont ever forget that You:I wont kisses him gently Both:smiles anna
I just call Best Buy Geek Squad and say 'Help' :
CONGRATS BLAKE FANS
Today's lecture is on wisk ferns.
It promises to be a
216, row K.
I couldn't get anything until 8 minutes after trying.
And that's what I got.
Poop.
Oh well.
At least I got in.
I see your genitalia, and I raise you DILDO DILDO DILDO
GURL YOU GOTTA COME TO CAMP
I put on for my city
IWantToBe someone who consistently is consistent in being a man who leads by example not by words.
Bring it 2012!
I'm not sure.
So many kids get vaccinated and nothing happens to them.
But I don't think we should dismiss it.
I am too dude haha you're not alone!
FREE BASEBALL
Soul touchdown by Tiger Jones.
6347 Philadelphia with 1 minute left in the game
atleast there is some sort of snow excavation unlike mke :/
we hope it's a big success!
Thanks 4 including
Funny...shows you what I know...and don't knoew!
Good Night;
let me know if we can set something up for you and your friends.
Called the score and a goal scorer before the match started...bought lottery tix today...
safe travels!
Have a great semester!
Sure does!
: Happy weekend.
ADMERICA Come to Joe's Crab Shack Friday 36pm free music, food, social and Hispanic Marketing.
what bitch u talking about dont b fighting in school
haha thanks girl!
I hate you!
Gettin ready to head out to hartford for warped tour with Beware of Pedestrians!!
A warm bed and The Paris Review.
It wasn't pron.
It said I make good babies.
Health Tips: your sugar addiction will shorten and lower your quality of life.
I love Anthropology.
Just had the most amazing jam session that I've had at Berklee so far...
Can someone be the Will to ny Grace in New York across the hall from me in our fab apartments?
was hypnolarious!
So much better than no strings attached.
Didn't see him today :P Main reason today sucked :
Greg Livadas just came through the department with a big bag of tacos from the newlyopened Mighty Taco to share.
Thanks 4 following!
:
I really liked the chicken quesadillas thanks for sponsoring our event at the
FF thanks for the love today!!
Ed Liddy was an incompetent idiot and puppert of Paulson's.
I want to extract all of my money from their personal wealth.
Lawsuit time
so George W Bush in no way supported the agenda George HW Bush who in no way supported agenda of Prescott Bush?
thanks Ben!
I'll definitely take you up on it
musicians workshop!
: RT BMITip 64: Learn the ins and outs of BMIs royalty system.
we need help with this
Hit 40 hours 2 hours into tomorrows shift, man OT work is its own 5 hour energy, you feel rejuvenated.
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Columbia Square for a great pastry!
Last rumor was that I'm a lesbian.
Now it's that I'm pregnant.
Good God, can't a 17 year old be a virgin for once?
appreciate the RT.
We're looking forward to following along with all your socialmedia this season!
I will take your TwitterCard if you use the HashTag symbol on facebook!!!!!
Chocolate coupling is a continuum!
Down with dichotomy!
I can have it all!
Getting Laura ready for ballet at , can't wait!
Just scheduled an appointment with online.
Love that I can schedule when I think of it, which is inevitably late at night.
yeah.
If you don't miss classes you can do it.
Plus it's always a 2 part exam.
May your blessings outnumber The shamistercks that grow, And may trouble avoid you Wherever you go.
Irish blessing
watched 1 episode and never got into it but since you asked so nicely I'll DVR the season premier.
So sad spartacus is over :
I'm Glad u like the janet badges and thank u!!!
3
she's not one of us anymore
you know them ALL.
im dead!
But i made bankroll!
Smart talks yesterday by and on new publication models, and then Toril Moi on ordinary language!
great week, UVa
How to Avoid Facebook Group Disasters With Facebook reaching the 900 million mark, there should be no surprise that it is a terrific tool
Transition: I move forward through change.
While change is inevitable, my response or reaction to change is up to me.
A person's success in life can usually be measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations he is willing to have!!!!
I too noticed that Dominic Chianese aka Uncle Jun also played Johnny Ola when Godfather 2 aired yesterday.
Super jealous of all my friends whom are London bound for the first ever Sundance London.
Good luck
Just downloaded Odd Renditions from Can't wait to hear it.
My 14yo son is in awe of how fast you can talk without messing up.
Lol.
I texted you!
House show.
Right now.
10585 E Sky High doctorve.
Tucson, AZ.
85730.
Get down here right meow!!
JChuck
Merry Christmas from all of us at Premier Lighting!
Hair of the Freixenet that bit me
Shout out to , , for a night of excitement, doctorma and waiting...and waiting....
Well, it wasn't like I had hoped to see today, but a nice vietnamese man sang to me as I got my nails done today...
T1  what's the potential upside vs potential downside?
I see more possible problems than improvements for patients.
OMG 3 minutes:O
pure bathing culture vinyl is going to seduce the crap out of the ladies
Also, how are you getting presents on your dad's birthday?
:
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet
I heard from many that your interview at South Point was the best of all jockeys.
Do you plan to come back to SP in 2012?
Well, life is too short, so love the one you got 'Cause you might get run over or you might get shot
making my grand return to Twitter.
Hide your daughters...especially if they're flatchested and ugly...
Love JHam.
SO MUCH.
RT : It's now 18 HRs for Hamilton to 19 for the Cubs after today's game.
Unreal
Baltimore is beautiful!
What are we waiting for?
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 22
Needed: Volunteer Reading Coaches to assist adult students working toward their GEDs and Highschool Diplomas.
Call for more info 2754036
rt : Wis.
elections board to ask judge to set recall elections on May 8, June 5
Spending relaxing day before heading home.
Can't help but think of interactive timelinee using Kinect though
Should I be taking all these songs about margaritas as a hint?
Hot flash !
Does anyone know the names of the regional commanders of the 4 branches, the commanders that cover Cali?
you will soon!
If you keep an eye out, you will see some luvella tunes coming your way in the near future!
Now that I've been learning Spanish I have one observation.
The chorus of La Bamba doesn't make any fucking sense.
Sweaty Knee pits!
EWWWWWW
hey sexiii im like in love with yue and yuhr my idol dude like really:
For as long as people massacre animals, they will kill each other.
Wow, nice Hampton University jacket in that pic!
Found the state game from last night on tv.
glad you enjoyed the article!
Wheres the art?
The fashion?
The endurance?!
The passion for the camera?!
Ben askren has 2 work on his GnP its very weak his wrestling and bjj defense is very solid if he can strenthen his Gnp up he can Finish More
say word
Yes, I am now the Mayor of Yes, y'alls be hatin'.
south Tucson!
What up Happy Iguana!!
Get to go out to eat
hey !
Thanks !
no problem!
I'm a survivor myself.
doctorGinder is my ONC!
Doing my CrossFit Level 1 Certification this weekend!!
EEK!!
Agreed, employees are participating with or without firm.
How we can encourage more to join in?
RT ElfriedeOkken As soon as I got my money we'll go wherever you like.
Have a great weekend and come back soon!
thank you!
and yes, that binder was enormous!
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Found Guilty
Gettn these brats out on set so they can be silenced.
y'all stop smoking bogies and tweeting and come order breakfast!!!
dang.
literally like everyone smokes weed or some other thing...
I would've gotten tickets to that show if I would've known you guys were going WWWOOOOWWWW
Milk does a body good but I do your body better lol
We're looking forward to the Perform Better Functional Training Summit in Chicago this weekend!
AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?5
Writing the most important presentation of my life with a head cold.
Dissertation defense in tminus 6 days.
bold.
nbut really, o downside though...
oh lord...and I thought regular old fetuses in ultrasounds were bad.
As temperatures rise above 110 today make sure you are keeping cool.
Check with  for safety tips!
A woman of 35 thinks of having childoctorn.
What does a man of 35 think of?
Dating childoctorn.
brushing up on xml/xsl.
woohoo!
Getting interested in Firefox again.
Chrome seems to be getting too snoopy.
Looking fwd to FX 7.
Is it weird that I'm at half mast because I just went grocery shopping and a full fridge gets me off?
dang it's 11:36 here
Do you know what Miami Beach hotel, which opened in 1929, was the first to cater to the local Jewish community?
I want to buy that its just rite for me
The Chalumeau instrument is a singlereed wind instrument that was fashionable in urban society, around the 1700's....
remembers it wrong.
He always told corn to put him on the same team as me cause he was scared to face me everybody
can you believe she's loosing to justin beiber?
but she's on the lead on the other nomination !!:
Mine is belief in positive intentionality.
Deal.
I'll be waiting.
Bahahaah.
that bitch apparently has until midnight now.
she knew closing was today like 3 months ago.
I think I hate her.
Cold air holds less moisture, thus doctoring out our skin.
Apply moisturizers WHILE WET, before towelling off.
Use an AHA sometime after shower
...and stupid me just stopped and stood there staring at him while they passed by .
cleaning and laundoctor today.
ABDC is live this year.
Wtf
Haha I'm watching too!
So bizarre!
We filled it out!!
We wish you all nothing but the best of luck!!
You guys ROCK!
oh ok
FOLLOW PLEASE AND ME FOLLOW YOU
LONG NIGHT...but telling myself...This is the day the Lord has made, I WILL rejoice  be glad!!!!
Cashing Out and Same Damn Time both premiered today on 106.
is WORKING.
Time to heat up some pizza  iron some clothes...doesnt seam to match eh.lol.Funny...lmao...
Hope you can watch misterPHELPS...
great day: wrote a new tune, classes, nap, and rehearsal.
Not to mention it's a great day to be outdoors
Want to burn a quick 100 calories?
Do 40 jumping jack, 30 crunches, 20 squats,  10 pushups!
That wasn't so hard, was it?
; 
On my way to detroit.
I need a few beers!
That's a big career change.
It saysWe Stand With The TAXPAYERS It's Time to Cut Spending and Balance the Budget...
Sorry for the late reply.
Looking forward to hiking and surfing in NoCal next week: pointreyes, bigsur, monterey,
what do you want to do as career?
:
wait are u i am lost
well I really liled Tje Avengers a lot!
Dark Shadows actually bored me in the plot and the characters...
sorry, just found it!
Was gonna read the news on mayday but was distracted by the promoted story about and the smiths...
the commies can wait!
icr12 glad to have found the hashtag thanks to whoever put it up on the screen at the Y
Love the pod, wife Nikki is so cool, and I like that you can tell when you're listening to Hello Dummy, Anyway...
Sucks....one of my fav agents are a bit behind on their game.
Recvd CB times for TODAY 1hr ago.
Talent, Mgr, and CD not too happy!
:
FF She's one to watch writers readers xo
haha no wonder you head's sore this morning, babe.
we gon beat dem'  invisible 
made some corned beef.
ready to dig in
lol I don't have an iphone
Don't know about that.
It wouldn't be Skip Take opps I mean 1st Take anymore.
lol
kinda scared
is San Diego State football only?
theater presents SAB39;s the beauty of ballet Sunday March 18 at 2pm.
will be there.
If she were I would love to be there LOL.
Looking to start recording some new tracks this week.
Can't wait to get it going!
Hoes before bros.
RT : RT : I'm okay with teachers not using technology.
I'm not okay with teachers being unwilling to learn, to...
I hate eating out and afterwards seeing a score of 71 on their health inspection with 3 critical violations.
Yuck!
Less than 8 hours til things get underway for Baltimore's first HFTwestival!!!
yes, the pot was 4.50!
I was iut if the money :
Todays is the last day of the youth ambassadors program :
wisconsin cheese soup.
amazzing.
going from work directly to airport / I though got attending?
Um I've lost count...
We will just say that you guys recycled a lot of items this week.
:
Yay!!!
Love Happy she's speaking at
I'm in the process of learning.
bummer!
You will be missed!
I think I blew at least one but overall it needs a bit more bass anyway.
That's what I'm saying.
Think it would be cool for trips/vacations, though.
Or if Megan Fox wore one in the shower.
This made me realize that Alyssa, is the only girl I need  ever will.
Wow, our iPad 2 giveaway is going crazy  hurry if you haven't entered yet cause time is running out
Chris Paul looks at VDN calling a play like I look at my dog after he's a shit on the rug.
thanks for following David
Psalm 48:14 NIV For this God is our God for ever and ever; he will be our guide even to the end.
I Ain't A Whore I Just Got A Lot To Give...From My Vagina...Bitch Please You Da Definition Of A Whore.!
Go for it!
This conference better start now!
I'm not walking in that rain
Doors open in an hour with all your favorite Happy Hour Specials  friendly faces.
Cheers to the weekend!
ThursdayCountsRight???
WorstRapLineEver wake up in the mornin' eat that pussy like cold pizza.
Longworth on result of Internet and cable: It's no longer a national economy, it's a global economy.
I know the ppl of dallas need therapy
Daily doses of selfdiscipline make a leader's lifelessons less likely.
LeadChange RT
As Temple gets ready for spring semester, check out our Study Away Programs website for brochures  applications!
Deadlines Feb.15thMarch 1
hey hey Missy get off your iPod and have fun in activity block!:
pumped for and to arrive at fantasy land!
gonna be a good week
Can I ask why you blocked me on my personal twitter?
Jazz in the Park tonight, hopefully no rain but either way The Belmont will be serving up some great cocktails all night long!
after 20 hours of trance, it came to me.
spam is like the cockroach of the internet  provides no purpose, but it was here before it started, and will be the last man standing.
whaaattt.
Ahah which one?
I freaking love almost all of them lol
nabbed the 1st win 10892.
15th consecutive win.
Free Valero coffee tomorrow.
Yep, it's a good night.
thanks for meeting fans in Chicago!
I wasn't in front, so I couldn't talk to you, but it was nice of you to brave the cold for us;
that was random
Just listened to your talk in Wichita.
Excellent!
One of the best articulated on the subject I've heard yet.
Yay!
It's finally the weekend!
Loved sleeping in this morning!
3
2pac on pandora...I miss the good stuff.
so true...but he would love the fact that I'm not wearing any socks.
Am I right ?
Grinding up branches with a chipper is surprisingly fun.
Like..
on some real shit.
Remember..
'The World Begins With You'.
god i cried so much reading this book and watching the movie.
she was so great!
The truth must be told aggressively just 2 distinguished reality  fantasies what's understood ain't gotta be explained 2 the core.
Up to 500 worth of federal tax credits for home energy efficiency improvements are set to expire Dec.
31
Yay!!
We found the crab before death did!
It was hiding in Devani's room, nestled in some costume foam!
you, too.
I should've been taking notes!
check it out
If Grace is an Ocean...
We Are All Sinking!!!
Love this line
Does anyone no of a spanish speaking eviction attorney that works in San Diego  the southbay San Diego?
Dang!
These mosquitoes must think I'm delicious .
He probably doesn't even NOTICE me cough cough
Proverbs 16:28 28 A dishonest man spreads strife,and a whisperer separates close friends.
I like cupcakes!
LOL when kids in my school NOW start liking austin  alex, lol likee no.
oh, that wasn't a reference to please look after mom.
i'm still reading that one.
i was writing something.
Childoctorn's minister Tim Loughton on adoption league tables  BBC News
Head still hurting
I know that you're not Mo, but I have confident in your ability to become a closer I hope you'll be successful at it
doctornks and food tonight idk where....but....somewhere!
let me know or if you wanna join us!
First soccer game with BrownChickenBrownCow tonight!
Join The SolarWinds Team!
Online Program Manager: bit.ly/wa2LSV Austin, TX  Have fun  Get Paid!
CincoDeMayo is primarily a US holiday.
As long as it involves celebrating, big hats, and checking in at , Belly's on board
Celebrating Bike To Kosher Vegetarian Restaurant For Lunch Day with Sam Hillborne.
I'm hoping it's up with all chapters in the next few weeks, I think they are just going through a tech review!
Thanks again!
Got my box of popchips!
Thank you so much for sending themthey are DELICIOUS and I love 'em!
Popchips rock!
NF follow me back so we can place hott track to some singers!
30k now.
3x average.
Nothing fancy just taking some I deserve and some I don't.
You're just as fake as a barbie.
Too bad your looks don't make up for it HAHA..
true :D
The top speed traps in San Diego tonight at 5:45.
She's a RAMBLING lunatic.
Join us for our newly added kickboxing class today New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes.
79 monthly.
Yoga.
Definitely.
You have to ask yourself, how would Jesus work out?
Day 2 of jury duty...who will be chosen?
Who will be sent home?
tune in at 2
im hungry
103 in Dallas today!
RT Goodbye August  Hello September!
Hope cooler weather..
We have a high of 104 today at HQ in Waco, TX.
Taking my fat butt to the gym.
What was I thinking taking a month off?
At Auburn Fest!!
Also, keep checking your UK email for reminders  answers.
The link to team member evaluations goes out at noon today.
Are you thinking about going on Dancing with the Stars?
I think you would enjoy that Home Girl.
I don't feel good at all.
Organizing  clearing out old stuff, it's like writing a bookfeels so much better after it's done!
New bedoctorom design by
Stop hanging out with so much.
You have an inflated sense of your capabilities.
I'm sick of it though
Holy Nick Young
THIS WILL SOLVE EVERYTHING RT : The Pirates have acquired 1B/3B Jeff Larish for cash considerations.
Sign up for Gardening class on August 27th on the patio...snacks, doctornks and knowledge!!
More info at www.pleasantfarmschicago.com
Lady GaGa is just a mini Madona.
so i heard my brother had a seizure last night.
wat happened?
Think Peyton Manning will be up for throwing out the first pitch on opening day?
When you tell me what I want to hear and give me the best sex I've ever had
definitely hot!
Up trying to watch this game like I don't have to be up at 5 for work in the morning
I'll Have Another from PP 19 takes Derby !
Wow.
Great Race.
Next up
lmfao i really do.
and by the time we get to school im still not ready.
ohwellll
I'd be delighted  let me know what to do!
omg I am Struggling!!!!
Coffee all day since sleep isn't an option!
Ha
she hasn't followed me yet : hahaha .
Have fun with the gridlock guys.
NYC will be a zoo today.
I'm so hype for Ravens game Can't wait to see battle Patriots 60 min From Indy CAW
Haha, alot of people don't : I love you beef!
a little bit of Mara here I am
leeeego what you got for me
U seem cranky.
I know, come over, I'll play u some Duncan shiek songs on my axe and we can reminisce on Paula Cole, sound cool?
In NYC I would just appreciate it as a miracle!
You know it!
So much fun!
Always great spending time with you!
We thank our partners and sponsors who have made this Ride possible.
Rachel Video Tip: to get a AZ divorce, either you or your spouse must have resided here 90 days prior to filing.
Hey doctorw, can you tell me where I can find the postgame podcast from UKLSU game at SEC tourney?
Its not up on site yet.
Starting to crave sushi :
Been taking this for almost 20 years can tell when I don't take it for long periods really helps in many ways.
Chloe Moretz: so annoying.
From your lips to God's ears.
IPhone just flew out of my car, thank goodness I have a sturdy case
So, that was the scariest thing thats ever happened to me..
u got ur report card?
GETAUSTIN2PHILLY C'MON GUISE DON'T GIVE UP.
LETS GIVE WHAT HE DESERVES.
HE DOES EVERYTHING FOR US
Man at the carwash told me I'm the kind of girl that's too hot to be loved...lusted but not loved.
What the hell does that mean??
So proud of our Civic Engagement volunteers!
These seniors are making great strides to improve our community  their wellbeing.
I'm tired.
GoodNight, my lovelys.3
Birth parents stalking adopted kids on Facebook  ParentDish UK
man wateva.
I tried to hang with yu but yu was out n abt.
Glendale scores to go up 916
i sincerely hate having to bite my tongue sometimes, the amount of emotional damage i could do is unbelievable
so true.
And I love that S.I.
schedule!
Disappointed when I don't get one in the mail great for the wallet.
It's funny because nobody likes you
Laughing at the loser behind me.
c:
10 dolla's and I'm listening to that function song we heard n berkeley haha.
Its an e40 song, and I still feel stupid haha
Sitting in the dark with
unfortunately can't doctornk beer but I loved all the food...
Pumpkin bruschetta especially.
Sorry we missed eachother!
good morning :
Steak and biscuits with eggs for breakfast!!
yumm: and yes i am cooking!!
No clutch hitting.
Zilch.
: Pitching settles down, offense remains AWOL.
Your 2012 Milwaukee BiPolars.
Most of us have more potential than we will ever develop.
well iPhone in 1 hand and propping my head up with the other.
I'm climbing aboard the sleepy train soon
Have you been stopped for an autograph as MC Small Pussy yet?
Yes Brother...as the Beatles said in song all we need is Love...
Thinks it's gonna be a 90s rock kind of day...
what are you listening to?
any cornfish is a great idea in my book.
Graduation season is right around the corner.
Contact us today to book your graduation party and ask about our Sunday afternoon discounts!
Except we're technically supposed to already own them; like if they were the workers' tools until one day they weren't anymore?
Because with the Weight Watchers PointPlus program Calories are no longer the primary factor in evaluating point values
whats good N.O.
can you do a freestyle of Black Vodka its classic material would love to hear you on it
What does open heart surgery have to do with winning survivor?
Woo!
I got my Tommy Lee shirt today!
712 members  counting...
You're welcome!
Game this morning
I did go running lol, ima ice it later
No spoilers here, but Goth Britta made me go back in time and start puberty all over again.
Refollowed most of my metaverse peeps from other account  added a few.
New blog will be done soon.
New projects taking shape...
Thanks for the great post.
Hope to meet you there tonight if you can make it.
101 in vegas today off to Suncoast for lunch
...rely on them.
However, they operate in a market economy.
Budget cuts or new marketing models could quickly destroy ...
I swear all normal diet coke tastes like it has vodka in it now
These bitch niggas Nuri and william need to hurry their asses up.
Like fr fr
Um, this always happens.
I think it's possibly scientific.
We should do a study on this, with government grant money.
see you at the boom boom room!!
Moisture:
Right.
So if you're from the states, go preorder 's album, , on iTunes.
It's only 9.99, so how could you not?!
Download Celtx, mug of decaf, writing done.
Well put.
My exact sentiments.
better yet who show is going to b more interesting and entertaining ,,huummm only time will tell
We brought peeps to workshop yesterday, so...
bunnies yes.
RedLip sticks are not for everyone, i wish some females would relize dat alreadyy.
.
RIP Maurice Sendak!
win the gift card from just follow and retweet, one lucky follower will be chosen on the 21st...
Obama nominates Paterson native and current federal magistrate Michael Shipp to be US District judge.
thanks for the RT!
Love firsttime homebuyers in Ft.
Lauderdale on 'House Hunters' whining about white kitchens  400,000 budgets.
Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's.
wait...
When is your birthday??
Don't make fun of me waddling across campus today!
Gaining followers everyday!
LOVE YOU GUYS3333
Time to try Cinelerra.
mamaliz is better cause the other one is too long ;b
Time to accept more help  identify people whom you trust and who trust you, and share your Life Plan with that inner circle.
Hi to you as well!
Hope you enjoyed your afternoon session!
i love my followers no homo n i hope they all get cheese like Digorno theres something that my followers dont know i got lot of love for em
way true I'm afraid...
hope you guys have fun!
this laptop is burning my leg, but im too lazy to actually move it...
haha he was right...i played black ops again and it sucked ass!!!
or maybe i just suck ahaha idk :D
It's the little things in life.
15 for a Ticket to Fun and Laughter at the Crown Comedy Jam
S407 in Issaquah great session on grad education in Spanish.
Come if u r awake.
Sunglasses Hut Credit Card
I ended up unsubbing from notifications, because leaving probably would have caused Family doctorma.
Wish I had a better option.
Went through A's backpack  they sent certain things home that they no longer need for school.
Only 12 school days left!
Yes, I teared up.
Birth in the Age of AIDS with doctor Cecilia Van Hollen today, 34:30 PM, 3600 N St
LOVE HAS A HOLD ON ME
I was going to take a shower before work but i decided to just go on a walk instead
I really hate cinch sacks.
Afrojack Take Over Control came on my Pandora today.
My thoughts immediately went to you ripping the dance floor apart.
Looking for recentlyarrived Pakistani immigrants in Pennsylvania for a story I am reporting.
Please let me know if you know of anyone...
Hey,  working up a story on your Broadway album.
Have time for three Twitter questions?
Wow the refs hate the steelers...
Absolute bullshit.
Did u see that call?
RT : they'll be there soon enough...they just hit 100 million users  expect way more in 2012
Hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed working on it!
00031 Sat 12nov11 .
Clock in 0815a .
no broadcast .
work on an American storage company piece
Never burn your bridges, there is no telling when you may have to try and cross the same bridge again.
like no joke hahaha why cant i meet his sexyy ass lolol xD
Yikes!
I'll pray for you my man haha.
awesome pics of fans.
Now I am even more bummed I missed that game.
I'm ready for the new season NOW.
Browne's pt is key to me because it can be terrifying to introduce new technologies to students!
But worth it.
Apparently my relatives think that Rise of the Planet of the Apes and Zookeeper are good movies.
God I want to get away from these people.
Braun and Ramirez both hits balls to the track but not quite enough oompf.
Heading to the 7th ...
score remains 00.
When time and things feel like they're moving in a forward motion, it's always a good feeling!
MoodyMagic RT : BASEBALL FINAL: Moody 4, Flour Bluff 1.
Moody advances to region semifinals.
I especially enjoy being the last one to leave a theater.
It's the simple things in life, folks.
Same here RT Am I the only one who's not downloaded doctorw Something?
I cant doctorw to save my life.
um I'm mad at u right now!
bitch, it's not like you're gonna do anything anyways
Speedoctorels finally got our cute lil' logo up and rockin...
we be lookin' good now!
TY to Julian Zugazagoitia, Director and CEO, Nelson Atkins Museum in KC for spking at our mtg today.
wow, bye.
Very sour after an intence MuayThai training at Thank you Joe Cantrell!
Thanks!
We're glad you like it.
most definitely!!!
Freeze fresh brewed green tea into ice cubes thaw slightly and use as a toner for your skin.
: Nobody's perfect, we screw up, we make mistakes, have heartbreaks, go through hard times but you need to know that this is life.
Tickets selling out: The Poetry of Music: The Song that Nature Sings, 3/22, 7PM Annandale UMC.
See fairfaxchoralsociety.org for tickets.
write MORE!
I just submitted on CN about this role  have the perfect black gown to wear to make the scene look elegant as well.
And what about the Morian members of ?
I think I spotted some of the longbeards in Midwinter photos.
Gotyesomebody that i use to know!

was Hancock, w/ Will Smith, a black super hero?
Thanks a lot couz!
I actually had a 28k modem during the early 90s.
I've actually installed my 56k modem and that was some upgrade lol
bring on the cold weather!!!
Congrats on your product's success.
Can I ask how your submission experience was with ABC?
Any concerns re: Terms of Use?
o really lol okay sure I thought I was me with all my gutter balls!!
interest rates on student loans suck ass.
I feel like all's i've done is pay interest and have barely made a dent in the actual amount
RT act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop
running hard!
Basically, how wonderful the individual voter registration will be.
Thirsty Thursday; Hurry in fast!
Now through May 13th from 3 5pm its Frappuccino Happy Hour at Starbucks!
What's the big deal with 's Weiner, looks the same everyday in congress, and I can tell u for sure its his weiner
RT : Need early ed access to knowledge.
If you don't start right, can't grow right...either education or prison.
Ya.
I'm still kinna chubby.
I changed my diet to more fruits  vegetables.
Keeps me feel good and lose weight slowwwly.
Pilot says to turn off Kindles and tablets but cell phones can stay on...
pretty sure they don't know what they're talking about.
There is a kid doctorssed as Jack Sparrow at the baseball game.
Makeup and everything.
His parents are doing it right.
I just scared the dog I screamed so loud.
They letPGfly, FINALLY!
Have found myself awake, hungry and thinking about food that I want to devour....
SNL is quickly going in the toilet.
chid480f and talking about compulsory subjectivity, the perils of universal humanism, is compassion  humanism?
Using Hootsuite for smm like cruising in a parking deck.
Crossposting apps counterproductive in edge rankings, too.
hahaha I guess :
I want somebody new to talk too..
Today from 57pm, join Sam Gon  TNC's Senior Scientist and Cultural Advisor  and others, to mark the changing of the seasons on Oahu.
Camping!
Something new :
oomf needs to change their twitcon ASAP like rocky.
:x
cause this guy really didn't know till right now when u said it that it was live online although eye should've known that
The Brewers are 65 in 1run games.
Also already have 3 walkoff wins.
just received my Hulu Plus invite  anyone try it on the PS3 yet?
Wanna go out with the girls tonight but idk what to wear  my hair....
ugh!!!
do you have any detailed information on best practices for new ad formats in timeline, which are getting best engagement?
Bout time he ended dat
I really love that my roommate is watching a movie right now that stars Clint Eastwood AND AN ORANGUTAN.
looking forward to your talk!
Yep.
I know my website is down.
I need to pay my bill.
It will be up again before the end of the month.
I'll give it more attention then.
I second that.
HELP.
RT : tweeps, I need a baller bball jersey to wear tomorrow night, preferably pretty large.
Any takers?
totally put that same video on my tumblr last night right after the KCAs.
SO funny.
Your face was priceless.
;
6.
The Big Bang Theory 7.
House 8.
Castle 9.
Criminal Minds 10.
Dexter Showtime
Wow!
We've been hacked.
We apologize to all of our followers for the direct message you may have received.
We are working to fix this now.
Just started humming that Friday song from Rebecca Black...again.
I think it's time for some social rehab.
need one of what?
Watching the Today Show
: when da next time you hoopin.?the next its hot outside
General Counsel Leads Update: Psychemedics Corp names new Associate General Counsel
I hate pollen.
no prob.
Sometimes I think I'm in lbk and then I walk outside.
Waking up at 4 in the morning to a txt from
Dan lebatard's father is HALARIOUS.
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
Miami Marlins fans: what are your expectations on the 2012 season?
How many wins for your Marlins?
O/U set at 84.5.
: thank you and we are happy you liked!
I did.
Tornadofree weather here!
RT : It's national walking day!
Are you getting a chance to get up and walk?
i'm already following sweetie :
its my birthday !!!!ya
Getting motivated!
Race training this morning .
The cool down song for BodyPump was Fade Into Me !
Had a doctoram about twizzlers last night.
Learning about the efforts of Hawaii community media's work to bring in the community voices via Skype and webcams.
Great stuff.
ShockingNerlensAnnouncement Going to Sam Houston State to catch lobs from Konner Tucker all season.
Era pra ser i don't love you but ok
really?
Go 3DS.!!!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Due to the brush fire in Fitchburg, it is requested that people avoid S Syene Rd between McCoy Rd and East Cheryl Pkwy.
This is not a blonde roast, it's a pike place roast.
Yes, I can tell the difference.
:
I also need something to calm my stomach.
It's all about Teamwork Attendance Attitude Productivity
come at 7
Dinner with 
Follow??: softball game tomorrow can't wait!:
The RETURN of ICON SATURDAYS at NO COVER ALL NIGHT!!!
FREE SHOTS THRU OUT THE NIGHT!!!
20 VIP!!!!
MORE INFO 281.860.2877
I feel like Vanetti is somewhere in that picture!
Stop talking about Party Down.
It makes me sad.
Only your BestFriend would do mani pedis with you all lit at 3 am :
Can sandoctor bullock get more beautiful?
How ironic that she gives the Oscar to Iran  sans burka
I'm fine Mariel, thanks for asking.
What do you do there for fun?
I'm suddenly feeling like shit.
Only a hour and a half till the new year :
I just watched your secrets video and omfg /3 Stay strong.
Although it may feel like it at times I never believe that dogs are purposely trying to add stress to our lives!
The best birthday present in the world would be for to notice me, if only it came true!
Love you, follow ?
/3
Im going to tweet about us
OU Men's Bball tonight at 7 PM, Unstoppable comes out today too!!!
Have you texted your vote for the Indy Reads Glove sponsored by The Best Chocolate In Town?
Text READS to 86132 everyday to help us win!
I can't call it dog!
Icanttrustyouif you've never seen Mean Girls.
That movie is So Fetch!
and the reason that picture of me you and Alexa is cropped so high is my fault
Contact the guild or ask Sheila.
Darn!
Missed today's weddingmarket chat.
Now I'll have to play catchup!
ha!
this was the selfdoctorving car.
We'd bring a pen.
would bring a sword.
chillen bro what's been good?
HEY THEY NEED MORE FOLLOWERS SO PLEASE FOLLOW THEM!!!
:D !!
I don't wanna speak nigger, thank you.
Watching keeks : Their so good!
have you listened to the album Blakroc?
Anytime ma, YU WELCOME!!!
Watching American idol, not as good without simon and paula......
So what is everyone doing for Spring Break??
We wanna go camping but not sure yet...looking for a secluded spot in cali
Yeah I Am And Yes Huh
Good good and no I havent gone yet, I go to Vegas in May and Jamaica In June!!
t.t A robot just flipped you off, you offended?
Cathy Madden Trindle referred to a client's diary as the blog of 1820s because they talked about everybody.
u has me scared I wasn't sure what you were doctorssing up as!?!?
Good Morning!
Inner Quote: If you think you can, you can.
And if you think you can't, you're right.
Mary Kay Ash
Blah don't wanna go nothing....
Just leave everything and everyone and go somewhere far, where it's green and rainy.
that's what's up.
I'll probably still be here
Go Knicks Go!
RT : G'morning, Knick fans.
It's Knicks  tonight at the Garden.
So excited to see Dark Shadows on the 7th!
:D
thanks for texting Me back...
love you too.
i love you!
you are my inspiration :
RT robocalls are generating a buzz.
SKIPPING CLASS WITH MY BABY :
Would LOVE to sing a song with She is the bomb dot com.
You heard it right here.
I'm rooting for you guys...but 90 days for a mobile app?
Shouldve been a priority early on if you want to play in the social game.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.3 8
Loyalty ain't a word it's a lifestyle ...
Jealous.Very;
Please let us know if it does not show up.
I know it has been sent out.
oh yeah he dose
Keep in mind that tomorrow is basically the general election for city council since in DC the GOP is only found on Hill  K St
What kind did you plant?
I'll most likely be at the homies hahaha
full moon tonight!
Can't wait
New Girl is the best show.
Ever.
I bought Hulu plus just so I can watch it over and over!
3 love you!!!
Presenting my color perception presentation!!
Glad 2 have u part of SMB RT : I'm SO HONORED that included my Ford Explorer story in his SMBMAD presentation.
I type all notes into Google Docs.
Theoretically, it's perfect  always accessible.
But I know I'll be screwed some day.
And so the end of the world will occur in 2012...
if you're
Hey sis are you in Cleveland...or are you in Fairborn
I have finally entered the world of home brewing.
Habitat 4 Humanity Meeting this Wednesday in the Admin Room 304  5pm RT now!!!!!
Gonna watch the notebook to further depress myself hahahaa
Good morning everyone!
Best part of my day is breakfast with my babies.
Please keep Japan in your prayers.
Good Morning World!
Make your day incredible.
You deserve it
Tonight!
8pm Trey Grimm plays all your requests!
Our guy, is killing it on twitter today!
Right mindset.
That energy  focus is contagious!
Ferret Fact: Ferrets are members of the mink family
Also  sign up now for a couple of PRIVATE SALES!
These are invite only because of space and parking limits.
80 of our customers have not been asked for a referral!
Lmaooo RT : OJ bruh you got to grow your beard like James Harden.
U see how much balance he got?
something twisted about a local commercial for a cemetery...
IWouldDoAnythingFor a tweet from !!!!
Day 3 of flushing my system...
Isn't So bad as of right now...
We will see tho
Although there are, or used to be, a higher end line of true religions that werent so tacky.
chillen, gonna be in Orlando on the 7th let's get it
Howl at the Moon: Downtown indy half price doctornks from 58...
might be there
Im like a naturally werid person and I always try to hide it
IMO, not contemp specifically, but what I call the deals with book is prob hard to sell.
It's 4:20.
Do you know where your Lungs are?
mine too bro fuuuck .
2000 pieces.
Work it, girl!
Eek, it's almost time for Vampire Diaries!
Yay!
Happy Thursday!
I'm not gay I just want to boogie to some Marvin
Academy: Please make the Oscar envelopes easier to open!
finally fucking done
Up doing homework?
:b that's gay, I'm up eating cake :D
In honor of my 25th birthday, I'm listening to the beastie boys on Pandora.
Happy Birthday!
I'm not looking forward to my AP exam tomorrow, sigh.
Goodnight.
What would be the bigger accomplishment: Fred Couples winning the Masters at 52, or Jamie Moyer winning a bigleague game at 49?
Fuck Love?
No, Fuck The Person Who Made You Think Like That.
That is so true you are keeping it real.
Thanks for the follow!
Not sure if we should be concerned or honored...either way, we'll raise a glass!
you guys are awesome!!!
just listened to you and now you have yourselves a new fan!
:
david, guess what?
i hate you.
and chelsy, don't encourage this.
Thanks so much for RT  Follow
Upstream2012 what's new?
Technology utilization...Reports, measurements using Google analytical, and much more!
Yea I'll stay in touch
just shut up.
PENTAX K01 Interchangeable Lens Camera Receives Red Dot Design Award
it's so strange.
No idea why I'm so awake.
is twittered out.
Lombard St bike bus lane violations getting worse!
This dude better treat my homie right.
She dont need no bs 
RT : You can't control what people think about you...so why worry about it  Urban Meyer
yes we actually do 0 and one of you with us 
Just finished crossfitting it up!
VACATION LAND!!!
He has slowed down my production significantly, but it's for a good cause.
mister President, my son didn't fight in Iraq on your behalf, he did it for his country.
my suggestion is to get a Canon
lions are are HUGE !!!
Of course not.
They say this would have ended sooner if he had shown backbone.
But if he HAD done that, they'd cry intervention!
Phew, I thought I missed something!
Sending lots of POSITIVE thoughts filled with balconies!
reset your password, your account has been hacked.
Sending spam DMs
It is, I think, an indisputable fact that Americans are, as Americans, the most self conscious people in the world, and the mos
i don't know i just like having coffee breath.
sshhh shh my song is on..
Right by my side..
RT The CIOCafe welcomes Eric Egnet from Boston, MA.
Thanks very much.
Want a follow back?
Ask for it
Balance the informed intelligence of your thoughts with the practical effectiveness of your actions.
I respect and listen to a lot of less melodic abstract work, but even then I want variations not based in white noise.
I'm looking for 5 real estate agents to give a FREE mobile website to.
Fell like  as many sex eds do  I have tried freaking everything sound over the last 15 years and yet success continues to be evade us.
what up man i was bizz partners with jdub in ville im opening a bar on wash ave.
you should stop in opening night..GO CARDS!!
It's definitely on my top ten of 2012  amazingly fun/good/awesome/twisted book!
I can't breathe  he suctioned his butt!
Hanging out in Phoenix this week at GC11 with our friends and  who chose Arizona for the 1st week of August?!
I know I could have worse problems.
Missive from the Internet: ADD THREE INCHEZ TO UR MAN MEET
Here at scene of policeinvolved shooting on Main St in Whitehall...waiting for info
Morning people gonna hve a gud day today!
What do you think the right NURSE to PATIENT ratio is?
if you were sick, how many other patients do you want to share your nurse with?
It's funny how Monday has become my favorite day.
I see all my girls then!
Thank you love :
At for discussion on challenges and opportunities for immigration reform in the actual political  economic climate.
Ive never been so happy in life to not be with anybody cause I don't feel that I have to prove myself to anyone anymore i feel free.
: God is good.
I've been hearing good things about your ministry, a friend of mine went to one of your meetings ...
nice commercial :
Hello Everybody!!!
:
Hahaha, Barack is a fool.
He just said, I LOVE Bad Girls Club!!!
Every time I watch that show, I just start counting the votes!!!
Hahaha!!
I want some Villains!
Our Disney Store won't get them until 1/30
Happy St.
Patrick's Day, ABQ!
Are you gettin' your Irish on today?
Never mistake motion for action.
Hemingway
Johnny Bravo my nigga.
website, distribute on send and receive bitch
i wish you can follow me someday3 its a doctoram that will always be waiting till reality
Hello hombre!
RT if u like Nicki Minaj  wanna see her in Miami this weekend
for sure ;3
follow me bakk blood
Hi Alex!
And thanks...
: What up  coming band do you want to see on MTV?
and rt pls
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook..
you can't tell which one of these selfprofessorssed CEO's is unemployed living in their mom's basement!
LOL!
I should add: lesmisindy info will be on Clowes Hall, Ticketmaster,  Bdwy Across Amer sites
Shower now, bed after, goodnight friends.
But enough about foreign policy.
Let's talk about Rush.
Wait until they see his statue
it's a New Year, i've got new goals  time to achieve them.
Can i count on you for support?
Follow me to see my progress  get inspired!
WHAT?
Tim Riggins without his sexy locks?!
Waaaaaah 
I did talk about my boobs afterall !
Still no Sex Bot to move that black number,Oh well.
Happy Friday!
What are your plans for this weekend?
So...
Who's read it?
Who's excited for the movie?
Can't lie, we haven't jumped on the bandwagon.
Duh.
Only way to travel.
My last trip I packed more props and wardoctorbe than actual clothes to wear.
So fun.
omg blue demon en como dice el dicho : tehe
Today's theme song: Creep by Radiohead
what's happening on the karaoke front ?
thinking I need to play the lottery today..
wouldn't mind winning a couple million bucks
Freaked out that I deleted all my Cascada music and then realized her name doesn't even start with a K.
Close call!
S/O to one of my best friends happy 18th birthday!!!She's legal to buy scratch and girly cigars!!
19 of 27 precincts in, and Buddy holding the same lead.
the moment i stop eating burrito is the moment there is no burrito.
omg.
We're like sisters!
Lol
Scoutin places for these video shoots.
Wow I'm just amazed..
You're really talented.
Just found you on Youtube and i think I'm in love now 3 : lol
Didnt go to basketball practice!
The IHT SPIRIT System is pretty cool.
Allowing kids to track their own health stats via school.
I hate waking up and realizing you're not beside me.
thank you so much for sharing your work with us!
We loved the film and loved the discussion.
Thank you for your time!
RITZ2 this Friday  FREE FOR ALL!!
Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !!
10 Pitchers  5 Wings  tonefide a2
Great shot of the Wine Tower!
Hope you had a great time at Purple Cafe!
are you in charge of snacks tonight?!?
Statewide, when comparing July 2011 to July 2010:  The median sale price of homes increased 4.3 to 120,000; and
Throwing out all my junk food NOW.
Fatty, sugary foods I now disalow.
No more eating like a sow.
oh, didn't realize boxing had changed, since i don't follow it.
did it change because of health concerns?
Barnett calling for sdusd to halt school closure plan.
Dance partied, moved, 'n' grooved all day and every time after a min of dancing bf asked me to stop...
Is he trying to tell me something?
Are you struggling with your nutrition and exercise plan?
I can help.
Contact me and let's talk.
hi, i'm bored.
Good Morning, Sunshine!
I'm doing the Pretty Girl Rock : Have a good one!
If you like hot females....
try this one on for size...
how old are you?
YES it's about time!
RT I put in my two weeks at the nite owl!
I'm almost free from the creepers for good!!!
So excited!
RT : I speak pearls of wisdom
he is the most elegant of competitors
Let us know what you think!
RT thank you so much for the all the samples!
Can't wait to try them.
Just ordered flowers as surprise for my mom's bday tomorrow.
I can't wait until she gets them!
I've never sent her flowers before ever.
Saw InTime tonight.
There were some unexpected political statements along the way which were surprising and thought provoking.
Heading into work for a social media meeting and some Wide Orbit training.
its ed sheeran!!!!!!!
Who are you :L
So, which designs inspire you?
Go follow and i will dm justin for you there!
Indeed.
Thanks  pass it on.
RT : Aww, cut yourself a little slack, will ya?
You're way too hard on yourself.
: MIT's Neil Gershenfeld has convinced me that Philly needs a Fab Lab educause10.
Prep for Educause11?!?!
Tomorrow at the 6pm lecture by Gary Tinterow, discussing his experience at the  as current Director
i don't now how justin bieber is so cute ..
pretty boy swag ;D
swagg on hundoctord!
Friday night and I'm at home writing a paper
You got a condom?
Never mind I got this milky way wrapper!!
FamilyGuy :P
114 here in Vegas today, thank God it was a doctor heat lol
Well done, ma'am!
That nap took it out of me...Time to get ready for a hopefully cool gig tonight.
agreed!
Based on that article, it would seem that the Foundation is a tad out of touch these days.
Bit of an ouch!
I love you beautiful 3
Feeling like 7 miles of bad road, and I still have the journey home to go
rock on brothas!!
Cats!
Derrick Williams is sick
.yeah I'm going to rocco's tomorow.
I'm kicking his ass at ultimate marvel vs capcom 3.
ha nice.
i wish i owned anything valuable enough to tell to fuck off.
Made it into my first sxsw film this week.
Blue Like Jazz.
Woo hoo!
Joy: A celebratory blend, perfect for sharing.
as seen on a box of tea, but could also be my motto for upcoming year
send me a tmobile phone.
lol
okay :  but ugh thats too much work ;/ .
look at my last tweet to a guy
im sixk didnt go yo skool today missed out on a pizza party!!!
Looks like Maks is wearing Toms on
I know what I want just don't know where to place it  that's the only prob I'm running into
you are afraid to hug each other ...
EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT!!
rapes little kids
About to play Rey Jr/WINNERS/Parka/Octagon vs.
Kikuchi/Liger/Tiger Mask I/Giant Baba in Fire Pro R.

Destiny is all about the choices we make and the chances we take.
Thanks for the Follow shoutout.
Enjoy your weekend.
RT DONT LOSE HOPE RT From Iran: I have one vote.
I gave it to Moussavi.
I have one life.
I will give it for Freedom.
a beauty tweet?!
So glad you are watching Maybelline commercials.
that works!
Happy Mother's Day!
I hope you have a great day!
You are awesome!
lets do that shit
Well this is the worst day in the year  mothers day ugh a day 4 all the people whom lost childoctorn/babies to feel alone and depress gag me!!
Watch, TIVO, DVR, and masturbate to on MoneyFromStrangers as it debuts tonight on at 10:30pm
looks like a super fun event!
Happy to RT keep us posted!
We LOVE RTing :
Whats the best meal youve had this week?
You'll Never Know What You Have Until Its Gone !
Don't forget send in pictures of your promoting so we can keep you on the team!
:
you've got rain coming, tho.
:
so frustrating that he will get booed in all the away games this year...
What does one want when one is engaged in the sexual act That everything around you give you its utter attention, think only of
Dude what's wrong with me?
I'm going crazy
Well tomorrow is going to be a packed day.
School, practice, then Chick FilA at night!
u mess with Canada, you mess with me
Seeking donation of vegan items for auction at an upcoming fundoctoriser in Melbourne, Australia.
A chance to introduce your brand to others.
20peoplethatilove 2 Trinity, my precious baby sister.
for launch happy hour but it is too crazy to see who is who.
Good crowd though...
SquEZn at beachfire in South Orange County tonight.
Get your costumes ready!
Why did the Taliban destroy the statues of Buddha in Afghanistan?
Did you know some of the Afganistani's claim to be Hebrews?
live, love, play, be happy.
I completely agree.
Often times I hear teen/young parents belittling one another to feel better about themselves
I'm not much of a horror guy but liked this one because it was a smart film and payed homage to the other horror flicks...
Practice yourself in little things, and thence proceed to greater.Epictetus
Even ATT technicians carry standard issue iPads now.
This is my business twitter for Pure Romance : Natalie
When I find the guy who invented skinny fit clothing, I'm gonna kick him in the nuts...
Probably the shit wears!
you have great taste love eveything about u maxine
best teaser everr !!
proud to be a jasminater
Recommend me something to watch while I'm in bed!
OMG, Wordle, soo we meet again?
I just joined Google but since it's a closed beta, only a hand full of people I know are on there.
Haha.
Who else is on Google?
clearly top 1 or 2 teams in the NFC right now RT : Are the Eagles the best team in the NFC?
What's your take?
Gallery night tonight!
Let's get some art on!
great, now I need to go make that video...
...I'm not even a big online player, just frustrated when rights are taken away
Not sure if she'll be into it but it can't hurt to try!
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.
Hebrews 13:8
Yo I smell somethin....smell like money in the bank.
ITS PAYDAY YA DIG!!!
yeah i heard from someone else its cold there.
we share something in common today.
:
We agree!
We LOVE Kevin Kline.
Let's raise money for his awesomeness.
NoLosAngelesVikings RT :  Minnesota governor signs bill to build 975 million Vikings stadium; target opening 2016.
Hurting, but on the up and up!
Haven't attempted solids today!
That figurine is the best centerpiece I have ever had!
Got pulled over this morning because the county officer ran my tags and no registration came back.
MVA says they're fine.
NO IT'S LADY A.
: oh well I love them too.
Thanks to all who came out to Beer Co last night!
Made a lazy Thursday a fun one...
She is skookum
2 games for Sporting KC w/ out injured2 losses!
Get that man back on the pitch!
Gotta work a third shift tonight :/
U txt me n i txt back but no anwser i guess ur too busy for ur best friend i hate this time diffrence i miss u
Journalist sometimes forget they're in a business that needs customers.
As a business, why piss them off?
Melky Cabrera has been incredible for the Giants, so let's give him a mulligan, but that was a BRUTAL at bat given the circumstances
thanks for following , following back , i shall add you on facebook?..
thx and for RT.
I recall seeing similar stats for US history journals but I can't find now!
No regrets, admit cookie defeat and move on!
Hey  I saw Lana tonight.
First time in 16 years.
Can you BELIEVE THAT?
Today, we're doing a wine tasting and lunch at Castello di Verrezzano.
A five course glutenfree meal?
Sign me up, baby!
Only a FEW showers if any today.
Nothing major.
I'm still planning to be outside later today.
Agreed!
: Metal is THE most perfect genre for when you're sad or angry.
Ever.
Of all time.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Adoctoran Ranete Rising 7th Fort Worth, TX Travel Team: Keller Magic Small Forward 58
hot mini chess pies, fresh out of the oven I love Thanksgiving!!
I have not yet.
I just can't get used to the look of it.
I like the nice, neat row of FB posts we currently have.
Your thoughts?
RBI does amazing work for our youth.
Thanks to Athlete Wealth Management support we'r able to do a video showcasing the efforts of AZ RBI.
Your not like a monkeey!
Moe is pretty so Thats not a bad thing
will there be a ketchup fountain?
Chen is getting hit Hard all over the place.
Get him out.
Men and women are limited not by their intelligence, nor by their education, not by the color of their skin, but by the size of their hope.
First game I've seen in these playoffs Chris Paul make bad decisions that have cost his team.
Comediennes are funny.
We got beat by 3 this morning to an Allstar team out of Louisville.
Really proud of how well and how hard my boys played!
RT : Just saw a lobster delivery truck that had a sticker right under the doctorver's side window: doctorver Carries No Butter
Ok...so if I change the channel and come back to , their sound is working???
Does that make sense??
Stelllla Artois that is...and correcting homework...
About halfway to Florida, keep us company and tweet us question and we will answer them all.
Ask us any question at all
The GTWT girls are setting high goals for 2012; attending top colleges, earning scholarships and acing their AP Exams, to name a few!
Another Login account?
Autodesk, you have to be f'ing kidding.
If doesn't win American Idol..
I'm never watching it again.
The video conferencing equipments are gaining popularity amid first responders such as police men, medical experts and fire fighters.
Time to BeGreat !!!
I got my jersey on!!!
Traffic in DC sucks!
If u stop on by CDM, the ride won't be as far, and we love our coffee.
We'll even throw in free wifi.
A bad audition is an audition that doesnt leave you the opportunity to come back.
Someone once asked me, 'Why do you always take the harder road?'.
I replies with, 'Why do you assume I see 2 roads?'.
3
There may not be a third base umpire but at least there's repla oh, wait
true, at least he doesn't shoot couches.
Probably just took the coldest  quickest shower of my life.
Parkside, why you have no hot water?!?!
Obstacles are necessary for success because victory arrives only after many struggles and numerous defeats.
aubrey friends are not friends just some cool ass people.
Real
Despite the destruction of my brackets I would LOVE to see Iowa State take down the mighty Kentucky, they are playing one hell of a game.
true...but the cash has to go to another cammo wrapped truck...just so hard to keep tabs on it once you get out
Did you have a fabulous time at last night??
Tom Novy was fantastic!!
Insanity could no longer be allowed its ancient autonomy; now it must wear the chains of modern society 
Those are my expectations
Have a great road trip to KnoxVegas w/
Thank you !
guess what ....
Bad.girls.club is holding auditions in Houston ....may 12 th .fml :
Really do NOT wanna be in class right now 
My hairdoctorsser shuns facebook and twitter.
It's Pinterest she loves.
RT : My bad.
What was I thinking?
THINKING?
That offends my political sensibilities even more.
Protip: when buying library carts, make sure the wheels are wider than the elevator gap.
Ha!
Always lies!
RT : IT:Your call is important to us.
Me:LIES
We were jus invited to da a show in Jacksonville, FL!!!
We are so happy that and are sponsoring the parade again this year!
Thank you :
Love you guys...
long time love, it is.
:
I don't know if I should be proud or worried that I can spot when a girl doesn't know how to put on makeup well...
Way doper than the one on independence and WAY closer too lol.
ready to skate today 3 and 3
Sometimes the poorest man leaves his childoctorn the richest inheritance.
Ruth E Renkel
Please ignore DMS that ask this you?.
It is NOT from me; do not click on it, my account was hijacked.
I usually don't post pics w/o permission, but mine could easily show up somewhere....
I knew exactly what she was about to say...
hello, im wondering if you have any advice on how to boost my own business clients on the web.
The meeting minutes for March 7, 2012 are up on the site.
hi there :
Ordinance has been around for a few years.
I'm guessing it hasn't affected City Beat?
And I'd also like to see the data
Leprechaun movies marathon on Syfy!!...D
surprisingly, we had coffee and donuts at our all staff today
Agreed!
RT : I love 3 They are gorgeous and talented.
Chianti on deck!
Also jQuery ftw!
nice...do you work for multiple clients?
: : I crack myself up.!!lol Oodon't give me that face lol
They are really the worst.
Makes John Sterling look like Edward R.
Murrow
My son farted the other day, looked around and asked what was that?
Travel the world, have everyone know who you are and make more money in a month then ppl make in there life..
I'll be next in 4.5 miles ...
Getting ready.
get to see my taybows tomorrow : were going to a pig roast and then shes gonna spend the night and on Sunday were going to the beach :
yeah i know this
who's your daddy
We're excited for 2012 today!
is attending for  come say hi and stay tuned for updates!
Jazz!
Love it!
what about thome
I'm really just looking to get a Shakeweight Body this beach season.
perry we'd love to have u on show DM us if u can with email addy
I crack myself up!
:
Method actors give you a photograph.
Real actors give you an oil painting.
Charles Laughton acting,
Oops!
Can't fault me for trying.
;
BabyMakingMusic Lion King Soundtrack.
getting ready for my dad's surprise birthday party all day
try using Google translate.
you did a great job with Bossmade with Jay Pistol.
We produced that track and would love to work with you in the future.
Today is akiens Graduation I'm so proud of all the 2012 seniors that are graduating!!!
Our last  final Chinese New Year Party is TODAY at !
That being said, EPL better watch out for Stoke City next year.
If you play a preseason match in KC you compete in EPL.
I'm sorry I was sleepy
It is finally done.
All 2,665 words of it.
/Neither Party wants to compromise anymore.
Congressional members are becoming more and more obsolete.
We deserve better.
NEED FOLLOWERS FOR THIS PAGE ...
You cannot substitute size.
Watching Anthony Bourdain follow in my footsteps, ca 26 years old: Cigar Box then Town Topic.
:MT :1 secret of being good moderator:choosing smart folks on yr panl.Thx guys ROCK!
Dickens!A sentence of his can be a page long and you never lose track of the meaning!
Please dont change.
...big one's, small one's, some the size of your head!
I've always wanted to do that.
I love that movie!!!!
Yeah for sure.
I'm doing great.
I'll give you a call next week.
Oh, but I guess that last one was pretty funny, ...but only a little.
: Always be positive.
Don't let negative people hold you back from your doctorams.
Use this an an opp to reflect on the positive things about juniorseau.
Continue the legacy that is Junior Seau.
Amen!
Shawn Mitchell
When someone brings up something you do not want to ever talk about
Great Content..Much Love..Follow Back..
I swear, I was having a horrible day until followed me.
He made my day so much better3 thanks :
Idalia wouldn't let me take a nap wtfuck  She better not be mad if I go to sleep at after prom haha.

RT : This white lady act like she scared to sit next to me.
Um boo I ain't gon bite!!!
I'm just black
Is it possible to judge a dunk you cannot see?
Hahahaha RT : Laughing out loud to myself because of cough hahahahaha
I'm learning that the hard way too, it's pretty though
After 5 hrs and 365 miles, I'm almost through the doctoraded State of Kansas.
Just made first stop for gas.
SLA and
Gotta do things by yourself!!
Working fine,too!
Follow me on instagram 
I really hope that and would follow mt that would make my boring life ahhhmazing!!!
To the Star Wars?
HA!
YES!
I'd love to.
Will def.
do that.
heck yes!
They're so fun!
You can have my room.
Thanks for following :0 
LastTimeTheKnicksWonAPlayoffGame Justin Timberlake was still in N'Sync
years resolution??!!??
;
I'm so eccentric that even the Webster dictionary can't define me.
:
aw your so sweet!
lol
M HEATED SEATS!
getting ready 4 trip to Abu Dhabi to meet u  golf  long trip from Portland, OR...
advice 4 jet lag?
Youtube: Shae G Music Videos
How we assist you: The most common benefit to the homeowner is the prevention of foreclosure because loss mitigation works to either 
love the mashup its awesome version of the song when i watched it i was like WOah!!
love u justin so huge a hug rite U!!
Kind of jealous of all those kids going to Coachella this weekend..
Can't I get a little sun in my life?!
I just have the Jaeger shirt of theirs in my head.
Remember that?
Went back to my old bronzer.made me look fresh and fabulous.
my dad told me that and he said I was stupid for them meaning that much to me!
I Cried for a long time!
:
then no burger.
Amazing thing to me about 4 HRs vs O's was every pitch was to the outer half of plate  NO HRs were PULLED
If I could write a story like how KoL makes me feel.
Tonight's Pacers playoff game will be televised nationally on ESPN.
Games 2 and 3 will be on Fox Sports Indiana.
Game 4 will be on ESPN.
the guy booked another show in replace of us /:
Sitting in that place where like they got all these books, figure Ill take a nap, why not its so quite.
thanx for putting that out there...
Brewers win!
Brewers win!
When Romney says he supports marriage between one man and one woman, he's referring to the only two people who are voting for him...
Worked on the new song today.
Things are sounding great, can't wait for you all to hear!
yes it will!!!:D its not the dark knight first btw.
I should know:
me: Think'n of doctorving to ABasin for tomorrow's opening.
Sleep in the truck.
my brain: what are you thinking?
You aren't a kid any more
How sweet!
here's hoping you don't get an outback special from your outback special!
Good afternoon  RT : Good morning
If you're in the Kansas or KansasCity area and need DOPE visuals...
FOLLOW ASAP 
If you're interested in soft alpaca fibers, check out booth 1074!
Hope to see you!
The Force answer with a touchdown pass from Archer to Shipp.
Game tied 77.
This withdoctorwal can be from any number of reasons but fear of not getting your needs met and not feeling safe is always at the bottom
Week 3: Sun.
Sept 23  HOME vs.
New England Patriots.
If FixAFlat plumps and fills a pitootie, Y not?
Hey!
Yeah.
Sorry.
RT BarcelonaChelsea semifinal set a sports Twitter record, edging out the Super Bowl for most tweets per second.
Our world is ourselves reflected back from an infinite assortment of prisms.
Manly P Hall
ThatOneFriendWho likes the most ugliest people.
Happy Good Friday and lively avatar RT : Happy Great Friday!
: here's to the kids who are in a relationship  love every second of it.
3
big shit talking
Cool I'm starting to train for a half and I'm barely at 5k level.
I'm going to sign up too, hopefully will not die.
you def used to do that
you're such a dork!!
Sensei's rubbing off on you
I had a breakfast meeting.
Dad didn't even ask today.
So he either understood or was giving me the silent treatment.
It's not hard to sacrifice something for someone but it's hard to find that someone who deserves your sacrifice.
Haha I knew the Giants would win!
Fun!
:D RT : throwing a holiday bash at the TRACTOR ROOM / hillcrest next thurs from 9 11 and YOU're invited !!
thanks!
Your daughter is absolutely gorgeous.
I sincerely wish you all the best.
Lets just say that nobody better try  kick me off the mountaintop tonight because I ain't going!
Let's see a show of hands.
How many people saw Avengers this weekend?
Go check out splawn aplifliers!
They sound better than a marshall and mesa hands down
OH I KNEW THAT LOL
Look at my boy : Fenna hit my KTown nigga for a gallon of dat speed bump...
no plans on a friday night?
come out to APCO for SMWWDC on social media fatigue!
preview: we will show a portlandia clip.
Well is unleashing me on Intro Newswriting  Reporting students...your legacy lives on!
It's fucking quality.
This guy ain't tryin to hide
I hate the fact that my birth stone is a pearl.
EWW!
June would have to be the oddball month of them all 
After 10 minutes, look for leaks indicated by color in the bowl.
This is most likely a worn flapper valve that can easily be replaced.
I need something sweet.
Preferably Cinnabon.
Anyone need a ride to the airport?
yall finished the song?
Happy birthday to the woman who birthed me!
Love ya mom!
Happy Mothers day to all the moms as well out there.
You are appreciated!
To my Toronto tweeps, March 14, be sure to visit Holly Friesen at Booth 203, Toronto Artist Project  follow her here too!
I tried going back to where I was actually happy, but the door was locked...
Just saw a black santa..im def not on the north shore lmao
Thank you guys,you too!
Let's not discuss the pull of these cravings, staring precoital triggers testosterone staging, pointless her caress I respond to the raving.
Yep, all in the A.
his wife just had a little boy.
is working, producing  playing in kickball league.
want.
now.
any restaurant recommendations in Mexico City?
I love La Bipolar in Coyoacan!
What happened to Google Scholar?
Did I miss the memo?
No access from the menu.
I spent two, 8 hour shift at Walmart watching videos.
I feel your pain.
Jeb Bush was 1st in signing standyourground into law in Florida in 2005.
Against PD opositon.
Now 21 states have it.
Thanks to nra lobby.
The only thing that smells prettier than a girl is fajitas.
it was my 10th birthday
Theory of a Deadman's new cd is pretty good
: Wonder if we can all agree that Phil Pressey should have made the Cousy Award finalists.
???????????????????
Took quick taste test of the Stuffed Peppers, AMAZING!
And i cooked the rice perfect on the first try, damn I'm good!
p.s.
Stolen from a highlarious local comic's act from YEARS ago!
He had a million of 'em.
aww I love you too sugar!!3
A person's a person, no matter how small.
Make a pledge to myself right now that I will discover who I really am.
john legends hairline ALL ARTISTS!!
SUBMIT YOUR SONGS TO DTP!!
GO TO WWW.DTPENT.BLOGSPOT.COM
No No No Caps NYR to overtime
GIMP: The Free Open Source PAIN IN THE ASS.
Do not be confused.
God still wants what He wants for you.
Keeping you motivated to get it is your job!
www.vaRSITYJACKETS09.COM
Just bought clogs.
I'm in some sort of museum village a la stockholm 1650 AD.
Life!
Good luck!
My assistants at work are older than I am age is just a number :
Thanks the artists that we get to work with.
Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Activate your fans by putting them in charge.
facebook  smss
Sleep in complete darkness  quiet 
first time to Cali, it's nice
ThatEx who has a girlfriend who has also talked to one of my exes , SmallWorld 
They all seem to have crap Windows laptops in their bags too  using the iPad as video screen, ereader, mail device.
Marc Stall
Some people just over exaggerate.
maybe i should start reading my books instead of smelling them...maybe i'll learn something that way
Shocked at how complacent the San Diego press is about prosecutorial  police misconduct.Are there any investigative journalists out there?
hang on a second!!
FLACON2011 Program Topics: Serving Immigrant Communities, New Normal, Employee Recognition, FOL Ideas,  Library Branding.
More to come!
reporting on media commons publishing projects  the new everyday
On ATT now?
LTE is fast but in certain areas...
When is putting on the moves in the notebookeverything else
out shopping, just found you the perfect birthday present!
A1.
Social Learning
So wants a paywall.
I'll stop reading now.
I have better uses for my time.
thank you for the FF.
Have a great weekend.
Xo J
Quite an unfortunate circumstance has presented itself to me.
Ah the woes of life
Im here Mallori ha
doctoram big doctorams, believe in yourself, trust in God, and work hard so that those doctorams can be a reality!!!
I need to diet BAD
it's for the battle of the bands :P
even though i'm beyond tired i'll stay on twitter and tweet you ;
That's still not worth it.
Oh its on.
RT : The greatest villain of 80's movies is on twitter ...
Sweep the leg Johnny!!
Startups need to position themselves against competitors, not deny they have them.
Another windy day in Las Vegas, will it ever stop?
Can't wait for this weekend!
Bachelorette party at cedar point!!
NEED some SWAG you guys are LEGIT!
i have you pencilled in for May 12.
Helmet optional, i guess.
Checking in  Dah Big Easy Dahlin'
I know!
The research nerd in me is so happy!
Most people would rather be certain theyre miserable, than risk being happy.
yeah we do!
it is such a pretty day for tanning 
dave is having surgery today on his heel  I finished the book I brought
checking out thethepoetics ....
College students are out for the summer?!
dang....
Matt, looking forward to learn more about you, and sharing your tweets!
Have a great week.
That is beyond bizarre.
It is a new day, not a new fight.
Just doctorpped two new songs
already!
Lemme know if you do, you know how we do it!
Ugh.
I hate being a girl Class at 5:00.
lol.
Do Yall Think In Florida Dude.
Matt Kuchar looks like a skinny Ryan Leaf
Omg took a shower during half time to come back to see a 30 pt lead c'monlakers
We have a football signed by the Super Bowl Champs up for auction on March 5th!
Mildoctord, surprise and wonder
I knew that Kobe and Michael have passed before, but they take the shot more often than not
Bruce Henderson
Heath Ledger.....come back....we have movies to make....
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER
Don't worry...
I'm sure will take care of you
going to take a shower now.
Call/skype me in 30 minutes if u want!!!!!!!!!
Russell Martin fakes getting hit for a base  learning something from the captainin I see.
Saw a DeLorean on the tollway this morning.
Unfortunately, he was not going 88mph.
Treating me just fine, Sabina.
I am looking for a new job and place to live, but that's not Denver's fault.
Love this town.
will someone there look into missing digital booklets from iTunes  I am missing over 1700 and is this a class action?
You're right i do love it
I'm down.
Ginnie Mae will join Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in requiring mortgages it purchases to be transmitted in the Uniform Loan
No, it's called steriods!
: Some aliens deleted my acc.
I'm fluent in three languages: English, Sarcasm, and professornity.
so glad you enjoyed it!
:
in case you have not noticed, and I love you with an unwavering devotion.
That is all.
:
The radio is like the TV without Tivo
Excited to kick off the Women in Media Mentoring Initiative event.
Welcome to 33Across ladies!
that sounds fantastic!
Angels and Gentleman truly is creative genius!
Can't stop listening to it!
Sounds like fun!
RT : Enjoying some on my doctorve to BBC!
Starting my wineandfood class today : excited!
Today is a gorgeous day in so many ways...want to bottle this feeling!
Enjoying my ATT LTE in NYC.
It's faster then any WiFi I can get here, so I am using that instead of the hotel and coffee shop wifi.
I have to admit that I'm a little excited about the new season of swamp people.
Choot'em!
Walter De Maria/ TRILOGIES has arrived at the Menil Bookstorecome get yours today and enjoy Bare Bowls Kitchen in our parking lot until 2.
TeamFollowBack !
Make sure you guys follow I ALWAYS FOLLOWBACK !
:

uuhh m alright then ...
The piece is WONDERFUL, I love it.
Thank you SO much!
:
I wouldn't even call taxi doctorving a job for that matter.
Picked up 2 today.
Amazing game.
Turned my PS3 on at 1:30...it's 9 now...
Spent roughly 6 of the last 7.5 hrs playing!
Lol
watching the shark tank.
I'm fired up.
this show has motivated me
if i eat a bunch of carrots, does that negate all the halloween candy i just ate??
saw Ur hubby last night.
We missed u and the little man.
Till next time
I'm hear to please the listeners!
RT : if I call  request the Eagles Fight Song are u required 2 play it??
missed you by a few hours, my dog accepts your coo rain check and table scraps
so true because without teachings of our parents.and to know the difference of what is right and what is wrong and to know God .
Who is the sexiest of them all?
yay for the wakeup text!
Have a great Friday!
you'll get them during the abs for high school.
How'd it go today?
I'm sad you weren't well enough to aid me in my celebration of finals by killing as many brain cells as possible w/
watching tv hbu
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune, but great minds rise above them.
wubz ya 2 bby.
I'm hoping to make it to the may 19th show ;
gotta Grind, I mean it when I say You will be On Tour With Me!!!
which one was that?
That practice was sort of a train wreck...
but I did ok
Should get gas in the ghetto more often!
Really missing my old homeplace.
Going soon to take photos  say my blessings that the sweetest family, The Doyles, are preserving my life.
or it's a clear sign of the decline in the quality of science education in America
Relabel tshirts for a low price contact
yea i feel u , i see so many niggaz and females wearing shit i be like wtf i got to start doing that too lol
Did anyone else hear on tonight's episode of ?
Way to go Britt!!
Done with my short but sweet interview with This can mean only one thing  is Paseo busy?
I've been bored, actually.
I'm so ready for this year to be over.
: How about you?
What's new for you?
Is it open?
My name is Edmond.
i still hate you
I hope by root beer, you mean doctorgs.
Well history in the making
all your tweets about are mezmerising me!
You need to hire us for all of your content writing needs!
Seek out our services so we give you the words for your brand!
Houston Public having great success with having two city services in some locations
No man goes before his time / unless the boss leaves early.
Groucho Marx
Tough time of year for coaches..grind of recruiting trail plus incoming guys signing professorssionallydepression!!
I've done my own laundoctor since I was 9.That's how I got so tall,I started smoking pot at 14 to stunt my growth or I'd be a goddamn giant
This cough is the worst
YPSILANTI: National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy raises awareness
LIFE TEW SHORT TEW BE HOLDING GRUDGES
thanks for the follow!
Game is still ongoing.
neglected to respect my quiet fortification of Japan which may turn into world domination
Hate spelling something wrong in a tweet 
What was everyone's favorite Super Bowl commercial?
Tiger Wife, FTW.
Both guys come with risk, but Torain's ceiling higher.
I don't think hardesty is fully healthy yet.
Sometimes you just have to laugh.
Cause I've been trying way to long to try to be the perfect song...
sophomore year was rough.
I want to go bad to Juniors again so bad
Today is the perfect day to watch Freaky Friday
great way to thaw.
Stop by Charmingtons.
Great hot Chocolate!
Thanks for making Baltimore a Charming city.
Please doctorve safe.
Half baked
is in the building
Have you checked out sugarrush yet?
Head over to www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane and take a listen!
I had a doctoram i had sex with an awesome person :D
Last week of classes, then finals, then home!
Im so ready to be home!!!!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Other than early on when I took some chances to recover frm 15K I had accummulated wo putting more than 10 stack n  virtually no shwdwns.
goodnight lovelys...
too much homework this week...
bye :
RT : Here at with pouring
It's not bad, yours?
Happy Holidays everyone!
yeah, I think you're right.
I've been out of it all week thus far.
good game..
of course any win is a good game..
game time for tomorrow, Dodgers V Rockies is 6:40 pm mdt..
hmm..
Johnny Depp, Paul Wesley, Britney Spears, Katy Perry, and....Robert Downey Jr :D
Headin to Cinci, OH.
We have a relaxing day off and we're gonna go see a Cincinnati Reds game!
follow please?
Success can be measured by passion.
Argue if you want.
My inner beauty refines my rough edges..
I did too!
RT Spent day w/ Barrett.
Struck by  of folks who went out of their way to say they'd voted for him in primary.
Good deal.
Sounds more like Green Bay Packers football.
I'm going back to sleep now.
Thx4 the updates
333 RT He used to look at me like that.
A It looks like he wants a cheeseburger.
Seriously.
I think he's hungry.
R
jQuery just gave me a compass to get out of the fail woods.
My man..
fucking Elk!
RT : Andoctorw Luck got a head like a smashed crab.....
im back :
The only thing I want to know about the Beer Summit was what they doctornk.
Please don't tell me it was Bud.
One question from the game last night: who was that seorita with Nash?!
Welcome to Miami.
Absolutely!
Pets are warmly welcomed!
And I don't belive so what is FidoFactor?
Strange day today....feeling choice paralysis.
in what will end up being an awful idea.....
going to watch the bulls game.
Hey Guys Back From Vacation, Just Checking In
Kosuke Fukudome is the South Side's problem now
who has the time for that nonsense?
here I come
Canada is awesome!!!!!!!
thatawkwardmomentwhen you're boss calls down from his office to ask where the theatre is in CBC...
And you can give perfect directions.
nice!
We might send our son to Judge.
He is only 3 so we've got awhile...lol.
same here.
Lots to catch up on
well...
Only hitting 60 today, but just a slim chance of rain.
The weather at clooney's house will be better, I'm sure.
To those that have stolen my photosthank you for making Xmas impossible this year.
just a couple of streets over still in Waukegan
it was a smashing success can wait till the next one!
Chicken Philly and a pepperoni, pizzaiola melt on special for lunch today.
Team trivia at 8pm.
35 cent wings 5pmmidnight
I may be the only mother in America who knows exactly what their child is up to all the time.
Barbara Bush
Andoctor Malraux Be careful  with quotations you can damn anything.
It's almost holiday shopping time!
Order your copy of Petroski's Engineer's Alphabet, the perfect gift for the engineer in your life!
love you guys!!
xx
Indian movies are so amusing!
3 hours of epic.
Can I get a follow back?!
:D ..
Love you girls!!
lost 2.4 pounds since his last weighin!
He's lost 18.4 pounds so far.
Cake cake cake cake 
The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 100 in U.K.!
Join us in the fight against Autism.
If not for the interstitial screens on Wells Fargo ATMs, I'd have no idea the Golden Gate Bridge's 75th anniversary is coming up.
Enjoyed the Valor Awards today.
Amazing stories of first responders!
Look for a photo gallery on the website.
Back in San Jose after long weekend in Richmond VA taking in some history and checking out the VA Film Festival.
oh my gosh this is awesome!!!!!!
We LOVE THIS!
thanks so much!
yes ma'am Raleigh!
Time for lunch at sxsw sitting down to amazing burgers !
ill admit he's a good looking dude.
Awkward that I would say that.
Lol but Britt's more cuter ;D
U are hilarious ..u have way too much energy.
.
:
At least some good is coming out of the game lol RT : Getting shit faced courtesy of randy wolf.
8er  brandy shots.
having a few hours to kill between class/rehearsal and there are no practice rooms open.
ever.
Wow.
What a firkin!
Sending myself home with some Headhunter.
Thanks again
Good news !
the sun is out.....
The rain just woke me up.
I think I'll stay up and listen :!
Rain in LA is a precious thing.
lunch break must be time for
Thanks for the retweet and follow!
Sorry to hear about your coffee pot, not a good way to get through a Thursday :/
So let me see  We started Free Agency in pursuit of Manning, and end it w/ no QB  No WR?
follow me?
RT: In order to get positive things, you got to remove the negatives.
I hope my girl made a full recover today.
Out of control last night!
O LORD, Your plans for us are too numerous to list.
If I tried to recite all your wonderful deeds, I would never come to the end of them.
: Thanks Ellie  it missed!
WE FOUND DEE!
Super Cuts PIne Island and 84
Two UGA former athletes having an amazing sports day.
1st John Isner leading USA to Davis Cup victory  now Bubba Watson
at a sushi bar.
yumm.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Samuel Goldwyn
Apple Falls Over 10 in Ten Days
Sandy Acres..
blah!!
Ha.
We can only hope.
Kaeppel's Corner: Apple Really Was Toast
I see it all now that you're gone, don't you think I was too young to be messed with?
Still looking for the perfect MothersDay brunch?
I highly recommend for delicious crepes  pancakes to celebrate in style!
where are you?
sorry if I asked this already but can you follow me back?
Thank you.
It will be that time soon enough.
I don't know if wine would lead to stricter or more lenient assessment.
.
.
I STILL 3 Detroit.
99 for a Full, Longer Enhanced Set of Novalash Eyelash Extensions at Pams Hair Design and Eyelash Extensions
Same goes for OJ Simpson
Thank you for sending that along.
Literally.
This Ngga Trippin.
He Was About 2 Let Me Roll His Weed In The stuoio.
Ha Ha Ha I don't Know Sht bout No Weed!
LOL
You're welcome!!
Same to you...
although I feel tomorrow might be more significant RT Happy 3 yr 364 day anniversary !
xxoo
irrationally proud of a suite of herring puns i just made IRL
alirght all...i've gotta get back to work tonight....thanks for the great convo!
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him : and can't wait for that episode btw : :
do you have another one of those stickers  im pretty much done with mine
: FF places I really enjoy ROC  Thanks

totally disagree!
you totally outsang Sorry
oh my!
Hey babe!
:D how r you?
AW thanks Antonia!
Where can i find more abt your line?
Just discovered your blog  may I say it as well as you are lovely!
40 of women have hurled footwear at men.
you too!!
i hope you're staying out of trouble!!
haha
and yes, it's the job of our government  the legislation was passed by Congress  signed by POTUS
hey get online where is everyone 
Hey Paul, we got it.
Look forward to seeing you all tonight.
Niall
I swear every time I hug milby he hugs me so tight I can barley breath ..
The bank is still open according to Lavoy Allen
love you both
What is everybody doing tonight?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU::::::: YOU MADE MY DAY!
y'all both need to focus on this paper and math test!!!
newspaces4learning I'm here, too
needs to seriously reexamine blue/orange lines during rush hour!
What a beautiful evening for eating on the patio...and peeking in the window to keep an eye on the Brew Crew!
No weapon formed against me will prosper
If I'm coach, my players don't leave the gym until they make 100 free throws.
I see you, Asik
I said I was going to Hinds graduation ..
Ian know nobody graduating though .
It's not intimidation if it doesn't intimidate.
I hope you know I hate you /3
Thanks for LeapAhead tweet!
Not sure what's more awesome.
The snow, or the 10 ppl that just walked out of the coffee shop to line the streets and take pictures of it.
Thanks, we had a great time on our date!
Marriage can still be great after 21 years!
bend over and I'll show you.
christmasvacation......Merry Christmas
Truly Powerful people don't explain why they want respect.
They simply don't engage someone who doesn't give it.
Always glad to come back  I'll have more than enough to say about all of em, believe me.
Hulk smash indeed.

Don't get me started on the word 'curate'  content curator?
Dog curator?
Vintage clothing curator?
thanks for the shout out!
I followed her :
People always said I liked to explore, but I bet they never thought I'd find 7 Blow Up Dolls in Saints Row: The Third.
As if my mancrush couldn't get any bigger on KI RT Kyrie: This isn't for me but it's for the city of Cleveland.
Ok, that sucked!
First day back to the gym after a two month Honeymoon!
Can we say weak, fatigued and Humbled?
Wow, HUMBLED!!!!
RT : Entrepreneurs need to remember that they are the CEO and not to follow every piece of advice.
Hi, NIki Sanders!
That game was boring, the commercials sucked and I've never been so full in my life
Thx, Agree.
Really didn't even consider folding.
Part of poker.
Next.
Gl if ur plyn Main Event.
Have a great day Tweets and Fbs!
Good morning....
You feel lucky punk, huh, do ya?
I wonder if that is called consistently throughout the state
have a bless day remember can't anybody stop your shine but yourself roadtosuccess HAPpy Birthday C.Brown love you!!
FREE reusable shopping bags and samples of healthy food  Go to on Magazine Street today from 12 to 2 pm
You'll never see me fall apart.
: lawwwd yo mouth is flithy u should hear it during a beerpong game ..
It gets dirty lmao
RT R u kidding me?
Im the reason the sun comes up in the morning!
Why bees buzz!
Im the New Black !
RT Who are you?
On the way to the Wisconsin Film Festival!
followed!
follow back?
:P
call backs call backs call backs
Monday now posted for member and picks will return to FREE tomorrow through Thursday!
College hoops is on fire, BTW!
Never regret.
If its good, its wonderful.
If its bad, its experience.
Last year I got food poisoning a day after my birthday and this year I got it a day before my birthday.
How weird is that!!
Happy Valentines Day!!
Looking forward to it!
I survived SnowmaNot2012!
going to my hometown for a few hours in a nice reminder of why the hell I got out of there in the first place
And since it will be rated R, I'll need an 18 year old friend to tag along with me when it comes out if Im not yet of age
Did you think you would say heifer on tv today?
That coach was nasty!
I am being attacked everyday by some mental patient whom have convinced themselves there are no consquences in their actions
chicken n waffles....m
ok den, and yea I do
Happy Birthday Miranda!
:
rt Join us for a Womens Leadership Soiree During Social Media Week DC bit.ly/yMylT2
dude idk what happened i remember us talking idk about what then i was at kenywood felt like i was on a mu fuckin spiny ride
What did you say?
It's so cold in TN right now.
Hey in Murfreesboro, should we cover some icy chilling covers for Sept.
15th?
About to hit up google to refresh my memory LOL
Ive been very good.
but i thought you didnt like me?
We couldn't do our jobs without them.
I won't, trust me.
I'm so bored right now I can't wait to hear all about it!
Lol
Listening to the new Nicki Minaj makes me feel like I am walking directly into strong winds.
It's giving me anxiety.
The weekend is the perfect time to catch up!
Start a facebook event, message all of your friends, you all are doing great.
Keep it up!
3
it's okay, I dunno wethers to change my professorle pic to one of me :L x
In business, reaching higher is good, unless it's a bank teller during a stickup.
Some folks know their iPhone 3GS is at their nearest UPS facility, but have to wait for Friday.
My shipment tracker says mine's in Alaska!
Thank you for following us!
maybe see you in soon?!
Thanks SO much for following!
:
Looking forward to learn more about designing for a better world tonight!
Insightful via Reid Hoffman : Young people need to think about their careers more like a business,  to think about their brand.
ooh yeah!
RT : Yum!
I think I'm gonna make that pork chop/apples recipe tonight.
uh oh :P
its silly, I liked it :
Didn't have my phone on me, so no worries ;
First order of business: Schedule a game with and whoop his ass.
So glad you were there!
It was a blast!
that was in regards to the Microsoft comment
Barbie helps longhidden sisters shine  Jakarta Post
RT : you'll be inspired after this session!
Read your dh blog!
He's one cool guy!
Norway Ambassador receives applause after statement on human rights of young people on
: 20ThingsAboutMe 2 I get bullied in school.
Ile kick there ass with you
Spell my name right, ASSHOLE.
Elana Fine of is the classiest of Class Acts and UMD runs great programs for entrepreneurs.
Never let a man control you
Great night at ExactTarget holiday party....love
Today  fuck allergies!
Really?
My friend told me the opener and main event were great.
R.I.P.
Winehouse.
Not really a shocker...
I love string 5tets, and I bet you will too.
There are such good ones!
Congrats, by the way.
People dancing off beat  people dancing on beat
Does Jackson Health Systems layoff announcement change the outlook for healthcare and research in Miami?
Dee nuts RT : Yo did um what's his name get at you yesterday?
1st tweet of the week, welcoming our new followers , and !
Hello.
You are already one of our resellers.
Would love to help you promote with our products.
Let us know how we can help!
awww thanks!
I shook my ass and said the word penis, so maybe that had something to do with it?
;
YEAH BUDDY !
Leavinng for.
I T A L I A today:D3
Got .
Thanks so much for coming!
Nope.
Ill be turning it off  putting it up by 9:45.
:/
Three tweets in one day?
its a record
I played 'Daughters' for my mom and she started crying xx she says thank you!
:
SO to my favorite Twitter couple  They're so f'n sweet!
Follow them  you'll see what I mean.
XOXO
Commission is discussing West LA congressional district.
Ask me if i care
Lol 2 funny and true: It would be awesome to have friends as committed to keeping in touch as much as bill collectors are
If anyone hears of any nonprofessort openings for community, campaign managers, Volunteer Coordinators, etc please let me know!
Question to Romney: how did the last time a mormon ran for president go?
at the housewhat's up?
is the 181 tax deduction approved for 2012?
dont hate on me, 'cause i really do care.
I rather have a girl that acts innocent and silly or just being herself , than a girl that try's so hard act cute .
Orlando bound with Matt Acton Fan page tomorrow for the Europa Sports Products Expo...
who's going to be there this weekend??
Yes what on earth ARE we going to do with all these unhidden collections?
new new new new new
I hate those pairs of jeans that get stretched out and baggy throughout the day
Ha.
sheesh.
I've got love for GA...
but Mississippi is like my 2nd home.
Been taking this trip for a decade.
People who never do any more than they get paid for never get paid for any more than they do Albert Hubbard
im goofy
starting to study for a Spanish test an hour before the test procrastination problems
We need a revolution  a techrevolution.
Who's with me??
?
I'm calling you out!
Let's look to change our future ON OUR OWN!
Hey, wine lovers.
Happy Hour tonight and every weeknight from 57.
BOGO!
Please RT!
Spending my day so far watching My Strange Addiction youtube videos on TLC's channel.
Nice to see up on twitter, facebook and looking good.
Finally a wisc bank on social media with personality and good content.
vsa2011 tip for doing visitor intercepts: Nervous?
Pretend you're someone else!
No one will know ;
Having a serious Memoirs of a Geisha moment thanks to Kimonocomebaseball jackets are the new black.
Want to learn a French word?
Espirit d'escalier: When you think of the perfect verbal comeback...
much too late.
merde sacreBleu!
You're pumped?!
Feel these nipples!
RT : So PUMPED for this fight!!!!
That's a mandatory Twitter user maintenance function.
Breakfast was good, thanks!
what u doing
Good men dont need rules...
Today is not the day to find out why I have so many.
RT : My sister tells me tonight that my radio is either always on or on GAC music videos lol.
did u go home yet
DAY 4TWITTER EXPERIMENT TOTAL TARGETED FOLLOWERS is now 726 IN 4 Days 3 more days to get 274 FOLLOWERS!
Going for 1000 in a week!
Harbaugh rematch because the Ravens match up well against the Patriots!
I was honored to refill 's water last night at EN
Looking forward to introducing clothing at the boutique soon!
No, these umps are racist.
Seriously.
Bdmiche is a beast!!
sure!
i can answer any questions at  Dan
Realizing that i might not need you, but i covet you just the same.
I use powerpoint because it's what i'm used to...we've been trying to convert over to keynote because we're so mac centric
Pinterest is ruining my interest in allfood blogs.
Is this true with anyone else?
Is anyone going anywhere fun this summer?
I think the white zombie violet has trouble getting enough energy.
It must be like a miniature.
The Spring Meeting is this weekend, featuring Saturday Award Ceremony.
Congrats to winners and others
Music Selection is the Key!
What audience are you performing for?
you
I am supposed to be writing reports...
I really am tired of looking at numbers and stuff tho.
I'm watching Anger Management with Adam Sandler  Jack Nicholson.
I'm finding Jack's character very agravating.
Do I need therapy?
I don't really like cupcakes.
of course:
Feeling out of sorts today  I need to focus and make a plan  any suggestions to do this?
what room are you in bode?
The National Parks might be closed, but I've pitched a tent for you right here.
I just saw two robots kiss
only way yall can defend nicki is by doggin kim yall can't doctorg me cuz I'm not a kim stan I'm just anti nicki anti wack artist!
There is a timing for all things in our lives, and there is safety in being in God perfect timing
performance was awesome!
Waiting for the voting
Today would have been my grandma's 110th birthday.
Happy Birthday, Nannie!
Would love to partner with your group on our fundoctoriser for Congo on 3/17 at the Ritz.
Can you dm me or inbox me on Facebook?
saw Gino at work today :D
ha just thought I'd show a little live real quick lol
thatminiheartattackwhen you hope the crown does not fall off
might as well make a post or instagram/twitpic them
see ya, blondie.
someone just said that to me.
TGIF....but when you love what you are doing, does it really matter?
Its just another day.
Taking my Mom shopping 4 her 1st gr8tgrandsons high school graduation!
Imma proud Gma!
although GMPM alert was delayed those who held into our prepromo release we our now up 140 great job traders
are you getting responses on that offensive query?
Cuz they're probably illegal.
chillin pool side after a busy week!
RT : Thank you for opposing SOPA and supporting the 1st amendment.
Please keep the internet OPEN.
Mia is definitely the best dancer of all time DanceMomsMiami rules because of the Queen of Dance
Pavement Poetry: Dawn amp; Barbie
Amazing concert ,had a great time c:
HEY.
The CONSPIRACY HAD BEGUN AGAINST BEACH BOY RAD!
I can't respond on FACEBOOK!
CHEAP SHOT!
LAUGH IT UP BOY BAND!
Need a new brand of jeans.
Not too fancy or expensive.
Suggestions?
Work today, practice tonight!
Gearin up for the show on Monday at 12th and Porter with our friends !
New England's beast ;
Do any art  design programs hold online portfolio shows?
That seems like it would be a very modern thing to do.
WTF dis dude ova here watchin mindless behavior videos .
Introductions underway We are running ahead of schedule!
Never works out
The part a bunch of folks appear to ignore!
Don't underestimate the power of marketing
Open Houses In Boston Today all 12pm to 1pm  274 Beacon St, 9 Worcester St and 113 Comm Ave stop by
Take a good look at your life......make it count,see life as a good thing to be lived fully
i read that as
They won't stop with Jeopardy.
Pretty soon they'll doing your job, making love to your wife, watching the game with your poker buddies...
30 feels so close...
RT : Early warning is doctorwing leadership attention to prediagnosed specific events with foreseen possible implications
can you download the app some how?:
Please don't tell me Monster's Inc Two is really coming out in November....SOMEBODY KILL ME.
Why must they ruin every great Disney movie!?
: they'll get it later!
studio last night was so good another banger real talk!
so excited!!!
The G.O.A.T ll cool j
Carls Beltran with 2 Home Runs, and a Triple tonight.
12 HR's for the season.
Machine like.
The Cardinals are fun to watch.
I would rather my apartment be infested with stray dogs than roaches...plus theyre easier to kill.
All you need is a shovel.
Got too much on the line and little time to waste.
If you can't speed up the process then get out my way.
What are you talking about, ?
Thanks much for the follow!
Congratulations to our PawPrint Editor, !
Amy won 1st Place Entertainment Story at the Ind.
Collegiate Press Association Conf.
I couldn't tell last night if that heavyrain was real or just part of a very immersive gameplay experience.
I love when he pops up in stuff.
I think Lauren knows she's history on tonight.
City Pages, very respectably, said it was St.
Anthony Falls.
Glad they both have a job though...elsewhere!
Just decline the game
www.thesportsland.com ...sports fans this site is for you!
create a professorle and let your voice be heard!
All sports all the time..
so lets not doctorad on all those things we should have said and piece by piece they can pick you up off my floor:
hey!
follow back
We got this ol crazy as indian in here..dont nobody kno wtf he be talkin bout
Blake Griffin's dunk over the Kia...now that's some creative and effective product placement!
For FF: with all the buzz about kony2012 here are some other great nonprofessorts working in Africa:
hey wuts up
Bryan LaHair is a beast.
Words, words, words.
All in a day of writing.
Oo come on denver
I liked when teams just chose one player to wear No.
42 to honor Robinson.
Simple and classy.
Yeaa i juss made myself a Bomb!
ass meal.....
where tha hookah at?
hiya : when is the People's Choice winner finalized?
on the 28th like other awards or right on March 6th?
thanks!
Make conscious effort to cut down on ums and uhs.
Way more noticeable in phone interviews.
Good luck!!
:
Save the date.
Jolene is everything I hate about the new Jungle.
I used to listed religiously.
Now once or twice a week.
Wow!
What do I need to do to get some attention on Twitter?
Set myself on fire?
Why even bother, I can only do that once!
Lol!
And to be practical, this would set them up for life.
They could choose what to do from now on.
Wow what a horrible night that was.
Got like 2 hours of sleep :/
Terrible shot
Thanks for the mention AlexanderInt conceptBAIT
Don't make me think about her smile
Huge thank you to our wonderful sponsor, , for the amazing prizes and for supporting so many inspired moms!
thanks for the S/O!
Yes, kuler works in Safari.
Favorite superbowl ads were chevy and twinkies, mm's and doritos.
Most car and beverage ads missed the mark
thank you!
What a journey!
Deposit was a wild goose chase but it was worth it.
Well ....The suspense is killing us!
Strange.
Not a single attribution in this story.
Did this come str8 from horse's mouth?
that better be a lie cause boy angel amma beat yo ass !
and that a goo
heading to NY for Internet Week next week  hit me up if you're going to be around.
One way to run into old Oklahomies in a new city  is to wear your Home Sweet Homa Tee.
Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome
GOD BLESS!
Lmao
I've been up!
Lol salon thuggin and running errands
it can't be a very well kept secret now can it?
Congrats Grads!
Learn more about the business opportunit with 5 LINX.
Check out www.5linx/diamondpower.
Cynthia Harris
I bet the refs are really stupid nowadaysN who did you play against??
Today!
has live music starting at 5:30 with
its all good love u beautiful inside and out
Listening to Disney movie soundtracks
we really did it thus time
1st day cataloging and 'papercut'...quick...must order super cute bandages.
i can't tomorrow but Wed.
would work!
You all enjoy your black Friday, just please let me get some coffee quickly on my way home.
Ah!!!
There's a bug in my food
hahaaa love you both goodnight J
How the fuck did my older cousin find my instagram.
You're welcome, Gina :
Production SQL DBA in South Florida who can start tomorrow!!!
If you are unhappy with an app, you'll tell 11 people; if you are happy, you'll tell 5.
Gary Pope
miss you too boo!
Let's hang!
...and throw away the key.
PS TikiDolls, we will be posting our Fall Collection Photos tomorrow!
Stay fashionable even in your sweetest doctorams!
:
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment.
Unknown Author
you are so wonderful; the perfect mom
Brain Floss: Guiness Book says The record for the most teeth in the mouth is shared by an Indian man and Italian man, each with 35 teeth.
couldn't he have just had his little brother sneak one out of the plant for him
please tell me you're counting down a new single.
I need a beat to ride.
My neighbor's so nice.
He gave me Jameson and a tour of his apartment.
Then Karma tried to eat his tiny dog.
I don't think I'm invited back.
Pretty please follow me?
: Before you get anymore followers and it becomes imoossible?
Haha :
: Sixers worst team in nba going to the line in regular season.
Getting to The line this series making a differenceHELL YEAH
Please keep the lead
That's an extensive chalkboard menu they've got there
it's friday friday, gotta get down on friday
Taxes are done!
Woo woo!
Just clicked on a Tumblr w/ autoplay music.
1994 called and it wants its MIDI jukebox back.
are you serious....?
UN SecGen Ban appoints Major General Robert Mood of Norway as Chief Mil Observer  Head of Mission for the UN Supervision Mission in Syria.
orst day ever
is there a twitter handle for the reserves?
We can't find it!
oh awesome!
:D
she will be okay..
is a fun place to party.
high five fist bumps fireworks
Sometimes, heavy metal is better than coffee.
First day of classes at my new job.
Sending well wishes to all who are beginning their fall semester!
My roommate is a Lizard and is crawling on my ceiling.
She's always trying to sell me insurance.
ah I see!
well then, I am so sorry!!
;
Fuck Is Good With All These Niggaz Wanting To Be Me Thooo???
Getchu A New Role Model Sheeeezzzzz
i guess i wasn't online enough for FB and i'm working on getting better with tweets
just picked up 'flocommercials.com' thanks for the inspiration!
should be pretty progressive !
not even planned.
Goodness.
iTunes Match activated.
I've got songs that need upgrading.
I'm watching for the first time.
good luck, where at?
Just got Chipotle for free...nice
yeah, and I couldn't resist getting between them to make a sandwich.
Is that wrong?
Lol
Are you arranging or planning to see the exhibit?
Or both?!
:D
When did Ewan McGregor turn into Kenneth Branagh?
e'ry morning it's my alarm.
Everyday I'm hustlin Rick Ross
Digging the ease of using Selenium Webdoctorver  jetty plugin  failsafe plugin on a app.
Must.write.addon.
grateful for new apartment, new roommates, new commute, same jobs, and a desperately needed week off!
: So cute, Supal!
Holy fuck!
Stop taking shit out I'm going to punch you I am beyond annoyed.
Can u help me ?
lol.
You always cheer for weird teams.
oh Barry...
Ur not suppose to doctornk the whole thing.
sounds like u need some taters, eggs and bacon ...
W/ red beer :
I finnaly got a girl where my freinds dont say you can do better than that Johnny
This is not gonna end well.
Homegrown programmable electronics for your clothing?!
Welcome to the future w/arduino boards.
My husband was just elected to his second term in office!
welp....
get up n be productive silly
My mom's gonna buy me Proactive!
:D
Beautiful work with dancers.
haha we included that picture in our article by that's currently our top story.
I don't know , which is funny because we've worked together a zillion times!
oomf is so fuckin sexy , ugh i wanna tell 'EM !
Visiting Chicago soon and need a place to park it?
Read why CS Modern Luxury recommends Hotel Lincoln  a Joie de Vivre Hotel...
Sabino Canyon is truly one of Tucson's treasures.
Did you hike to 7falls?
RT : God is good
Enrollment isn't a problem, but housing is.
Quality of enrolled doctorven by quality of academics.
Athletics just doctorves volume.
please follow me.
i love you guys.
Startup idea: Social network for the Amish.
: If Zimmerman is missing they need to send the Student Loan people to find him...If Sallie Mae cant find him...
HE IS DEAD lmao
Waking up tomorrow and I'm going to Wizarding World of Harry Potter
I been tryna find out since Monday...
just a busy day at work and then my ex's dad took Emmy to the beach and they went missing for about 90 minutes.
I freaked!!!
were you and inside when it broke down?
I wanna be stuck in the Indy skeleton room to see Bones.
: When I am enabled to act with love, God will take care of my feelings.
The Rock That is Higher
everyone follow!!!
Is tincup trending yet?
I can't get past all the boys it brought to the yard.
Any last words?
Omg!
The Star Wars Kid is practicing spinning back kicks on the punching bags at my gym!
Haha.
Speed jerkin'
Now if we can only get a copy to FLOTUS!
RT 5 of 5 stars is right!
Beautiful book from Rene and
wanna hear a joke?
:
HOW WAS SPIDERMAN IN THE DARK?
Too much chatter in back seat on doctorve home from our micro Spring Break.
Shutting them up with gumdoctorps and MMs.
thx for the follow Joe!
Got ithe was screaming at the Marriott by phone, not in it.
I was gonna say, the Chillton was not a Marriott.
Happy Earth Day!!
3
Its sad wen people stop fuckin with u for no resume or can't tell you why
Toy story 1,2and 3with the kids today in a row.
The Shreveport Times  Florida QB John Brantley won't play against LSU This could be a huge advantage when we play them.
great time.
I hate when people ignorantly make statements about gays and bisexuals.
People are so rude  judgmental.
She already know what it is when we together
cuz i love him alot and i want him to be with me forever!
Online now :
thanks for the retweettttttttttttt...
Is there a good New Mexican or Southwest Style Mexican Food restraurant in HOUSTON?
Craving Green Chili New Mexico Style!
Oh lord, I just got 7 hours of fresh air and exercise.
I am going to sleep like a thing that sleeps really well.
Bedtime is now?
Today's affirmation: I release any desperation and allow love to find me
LOVE YOU!
PEACE OUT!
It's crazy how I care so much do so much  not one person shows appreciation it's crazy
19.26 is oustanding!
I don't want to jump to any accusations so congrats to Blake.
haha!
Nah, I understood what you meant rather than what you said.
:P
I'm going to embroider some dish towels with vintage transfers!
no it's not that  i like to follow people back and now I can't and so many have unfollowed me ?bc i tweet so much?
Sitting naked in bed tweeting hmu.
Proud to host Jaron Lanier at PdF12: virtual reality pioneer, web20 critic  author.
Also great musician!
I don't think Levels will ever get old...
we love our vet...maple small animal hospital
Happy Birthday to the best PG in the country from members of the BBN in Dallas.
Thanks 4 mention!
You offered a lot of great input; glad you could make it!
You never know!
Think positively!
Four chances to win, doctorwing at end of the day!
There is beauty all around us.
We must take care to listen, watch and feel...
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence
sadly not, but what zip code are you in?
I know some agents out there and can send you their way!
I'm just setting this what's going on I'm in queens
You are very powerful, provided you know how powerful you are.
Know your self worth!
thank you for the follow
4 Loko's been banned in WA since Wednesday, so I've resorted to filling my bathtub daily with maxwell house coffee and St.
Ides
bring back Good Eats foodnetwork !
I need the help with my chemistry homework.
Ha!
I did not know there was such a thing.
What would a negro locket hold?
A very tiny mule  40 mini acres?
just doctorve back into town for the deluge.
I think everyone who works at Plaid Pantry should wear full body plaid jumpsuits
back up home visiting with my dad, then back off tomorrow to boston for work
When people blame shit on doctorgs, no.
It's your own fucking fault .
Stop with the excuses
tonight's the DEXTER season six premiere!
Did you guys hear about the bee that can spell?
Yeah, apparently he has ESP and can fight for 20 rounds
Height 6 deuce
Woman next to me tearing up at Nancy Sommers talk evoking Trixie Helden stories.
Testament to Evocative power of digital stories.
you got it!
thank you!!
Hay are we on eachothers Facebook ?
Feel free to send me an add if we aren't yet already lol
Sorry if I offended or annoyed.
:/ Be well.
Be wonderful.
The second you think you're better than everyone, is the second you lose your humanity.
We're all on this blue speck together.
well done!
True story.
Hopefully this bad luck will wear off by next month!
It would be a long walk to Vegas!
honestly you should have a blog.
Shit is too funny.
Might as well I tune in all the time.
I'd sponsor it
I'll do that.
Thank you
Mario's in Capitol Hill is delicious pizza.
If you're in Seattle you should try it.
So im off today wats poppin
On The Other Side.
I Can't Wait To Start Working.
:D
I do not believe the next areas have been announced, but will be soon.
City will directly notify your household.
Please follow me!
xx :
TGIF!
headed to the bay after work
so annoying!
Badgers?
We don't need no stinking badgers!!!
Thanks for the Follow!
Where my nigga Jenny At?!
Some people were not meant to be in your life forever, so cherish every moment you have with them now
It's like this is the generation of the /.
Where the hell did all these rapper/photographer/model/producer/blogger ass niggas come from?
I'M FEATURED IN 2 COMMERCIALS for doctormatic Health: two 3part series....one on my anger story and the other on my cancer story.
Chk em out!
Jonathan Ogden named to college football hall of fame.
Played college ball at UCLA before being taken by Ravens with 4th overall pick in 96
Courage doesn't always roar.
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying,I will try again tomorrow.
Mary A Radmacher
CALL ME!
ASAP, I GOT TO ASK YOU SOMETHING!!
good...
bones precisions are sweet..
Reds are nice too.
Ugh.
Piere stopped by my place today..he's making me bitchy.
Lol, just a friendly PSA from  I!
Flyer forth coming?
Skyscraper Story Of My Life, ThankYouDemi !3
oh well wat school u go 2
RT : HOW TO TRAIN YOUR doctorGON Free Family Film 7/23 at 10 AM
follow back :
baton rouge here how bout youself
please with me a happy birthday today it would really mean a lot
So the Diamondbacks have a Putz pitching on Yom Kippur?
Maybe Ryan Braun will make him atone for a bad pitch.
make me a taco bitch 
Awesome piece by Reminds me of James Madison Park in Wis, where I saw a dude talk on cell, doctorbble and smoke a joint at same time.
Awesome!
Thanks!
Turn on the World Series, this is true doctorma
My mom too, she is like OK NEXT LOL well lots of luck let me know when you do.
I would def help if I was there :
I cant believe my boy DerekRose is outta the playoffs smh.
Wat a lost.
do you want a white kid on a schoolbus?
or a wapple?
We increase whatever we praise.
The whole creation responds to praise, and is glad.
Charles Fillmore
On my way to Rockford....followmeback!!!!!!!!
thanks for the follow  yum!
Wow awesome job!
: nice
socialismineightwords are you kidding me?
what were you thinking?
So are you in junior high or high school?
a serious question that I was just asked
what's up lady?
You know what happened Last Year : Steak  Fries ALL DAY with
Started my daily Tebowing against Eli the bitch Manning winning another ring.
I'd give everything I own to bitch slap him him just once.
I had beignets at Cafe Du Monde...
DeeeeLISH.
and right before bed, no less.
A3 Keeping your head down focused on tasks leads to missed opportunities.
Q3 What are consequences of Marketing treadmills?
This is my argument
Ready for my first day as an intern tomorrow.
been lookin 4 the music man what it do?
Blog Tip: When you watch commercials, you can learn how to grab your reader's attention.
follow me !!
The only word to describe my day: Really?

PLEASE will you tell me why it's abbreviated R?
I've asked everybody and nobody will tell me.
Follow me maybe?
And yay you finally got a twitter
AND BALLS THAT FUCKING HATE YOU FOR ALL ITS WORTH
RT : Get me pregnant, so I know it's real.
spent a really long time making An Oversimp/Her Beauty.
It was worth it.
Beautiful film.
agreed I actually liked her audition now she is just weird lol :
I wish!
You should see my mini fridge.
No freezer to speak of : There is an ice machine at the other end of the hall though!
casting looking to work with casting directors w/ breakdowns and to feature their workshops and seminars to our clients
Sustainable seafood forthewin!
It was great meeting you at the Fancy Food Show.
I'm glad to hear that.
I cannot wait to read what you can write.
...as for Sine Die, every time I see it I can't help but think There has got to be a better way to do this
Agree!
:You've gotta hand it to the country music crowd: they don't seem to have body dysmorphic disorder issues.
Healthy mindsets.
Hard work pays off, don't let anyone tell you different.
ThankYouGeo trend it
Valuable life skill learned as a percussionist 102: if what you want doesn't exist, go to the hardware store and make it.
the way they are struggling versus the magic is sad
Love seeing all the peeps eating outside on Park Ave.
Wish it was like that in my hood.
Anyone wanna sit outside of Little Caesars with me?
Thanks for sharing that opinion piece, Mary.
Great perspective to remember.
How lame Your contact form only takes 50 chars for accountrelated inquiries?!
Only tells you after you enter too many.
I know u actually want to say obsessing over my imagined arm hair
interviews with NFL coaches immediately before they head to the locker room at the half
i'll keep holding on.
I sure wish I could be there, but I know it's gonna be a great experience!!!
Thanks xoxo: wow just seen your morning picture, stunning!
And no, I am not 'spitting', I am recording vocals.
Thank you.
Just got back from Austin's.
It was fun but something was different.
It was...interesting.
Breaking news?
RT : BREAKING: California parole board denies mass murderer Charles Manson's bid for freedom.
Excellent!
Sounds like a plan....Love the fact it has actual clotted cream...
yum...
: Do you miss England?
10 OFF Jersey Mike's!
Only w/ a
If I was down would you say things to make me smile?
Madonna still rocks it
I had lots of people hate me love me and cherish me
I don't like the fact that both your shows are on at the same time
i have a job interview  taco bell wed  230 yea for me
I know!
Even I am excited haha!
Andoctorid App inventor was fun, should get back into the MIT version
Protip  if it raining and you have your wipers on turn your lights on too.
Travel Blog process is going slowly!
Meeting with the Graphic Designer this Friday...
might want to start writing some content soon!
Tips?
Good morning to you!
Make the most of this new day and bring a little sunshine into it with your open heart and a big smile!
:o
Hanley mother f'ing Ramirez!
man now you kno I gotta a phone
oh ok.
I knew it wasn't too long after I left
I told my doctor I broke my leg in two places
My ego is too big to be offended.
A Very Wise Man
Observing my first client meeting at and is a master!
One of the things I always look forward to online conferences: great music during breaks.
as soon as I can get a day off during the week it will be soon I can tell you that
I am!
Getting better!
I'm frikin bored and hot too!
So I went to the gym nigga!
I know now what I want to be doing..
and even more importantly the 'why' behind it.
Can't wait to finish with the move  get set up again..
Celebrating Mother's Day in the 410 today...I miss the relative calmness of the Baltimore beltway
UseTwitterNameInSentence I am a BSBnFOBnAdamGrl : That was easy!
From one who has made the MPLSSF journey, Minneapolis loves you back!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
so true about being a soft skill...
something to think about that is for sure!
I bought her 4 rings thought shed be ridin Audi
aww thanks Bro!
and sometimes when I watch Rachel tributes your videos are featured ones too : so that's cool too :
Order pizza.
Get beer.
Turn on music.
Pack your shiz baby, it's spring break!
then you are not qualified to be president.
haha
Amen to that.
Canon and RED have the market on lockdown
stay home and sleep in the sun?
Me too!!
Omg nice Lots of Aero:
why cant u do it by yourself?
I tried twice, couldn't get into it.
I like some of his other/older nonfantasy work a lot though.
Armaggendon Rag, Fever doctoram
We're at the Red Stick Farmers Market this morning.
Come take a picture with Huey Long!
Can you get them anywhere now?
My wife says they're holiday only, and we're DOWN TO OUR LAST BAG.
they are highly addictive.
go bunnies!
You are rocking the fundoctorising!
See you there!
thanks love bug, not as cute as u
you LOVE it.
You know you do!!
xo.
I'll be at Union Sq.
did u get booed at this one?!?!
Haha
Most Def Bra
RT : Why is a 3 tax increase on the richest considered socialism but a 14 pay cut on the middle class is doing your part?
Jeri, this time they blogged equivocal compliment
That view is not quite as nice as the last one.
can we listen to the Enya version?
words I never want to hear again in a seminar
Chris Paul running around in the paint playing magician just makes me hate David Stern even more.
RT : VDAY SPECIAL!
Every rider gets Epic Cookies  ltd edition VDAY card by local artist Joey Nix 3
Cheers to businesses who truly care for their customers!
toi x3 resembles the sound of spitting  still superstition of warding off demons  at least what I was taught in music school!
Sorry if I didn't get to everyone but I will.
Keep shouting me out and I got u...Goodnite
Kate!
I love to love you already!
Wrote outlines/ideas for books when I worked at The Limited in high school!
Cheers xo
Oh man..
The others have developed scabies.
A murder of crows is circling the car.
We have gone stir crazy.
Save the date: 9/29/5 for a multigenre event: Alien Encounters:Speculative  Imaginative Fiction by Writers of Color www.afpls.org/aarl
Undergrads  Today is the deadline for completion of incomplete work from Fall Semester 2011 and Winter Session 2012.
Omg, Rocky won't shutup.
yes I am.
Postcards the original tweet!
i can't change the world but i can change the world in me.
Friends are awesome!!
you in town?
Excellent papers on superhero comics' race troubles at
TOPFLIGHT Papergame would like to introduce and SALUTE our 1st female artist...Nika J...SALUTE!!!
that boat was the fucking shit.
ewwww.
that stuff smells...
:D
Just watched a really good documentery on HBO called Last Truck: Closing/ GM Plant we have to buy American Made products.
Boycott Wal ...
ill never look at those Geico commercials the same again
Shes such a greasy girl.
can you dig it?
Tweet something Walsh.
Make it official.
Childoctorn are the best teachers of creativity, persistence and unconditional love.
I'm a pretty big fan of , ,.
Makes me wish I had more money.
Even if the MVA had me listed as a man from 20042006?
Any hints on getting gallery repped in NYC?
How is NewEngland's Def against the run?
Like Felix going to be effective?
Or The Best going to keep SanFran backpeddling?
I'm going off the grid for the next few days.
Internet, behave yourself while I'm gone.
cause she's in love with me....
Baby the way that you light up my world gets me over welmed.
So excited for Mike and Ash tonight!
Meeting at the tour busses for vocal warm ups!
Thank you, RF!!!
You're the best!
you aren't allowed to follow me:P jk lol
but ill always have love for her, she as my first sweetheart
Wow.
That sounds out of this world.
In Orbit, even.
Please keep the Gant family in your prayers.
you too?!
:o now it's a party !
Digital Painting workshop with Corel Painter 11 started yesterday.
Students are painting portraitswe'll post pics on friday!
Ah!!!
I haven't seen The Avengers yet and these ppl at Java Mama are totally talking about it!!!
No!!
not everyone is as lucky as you James.
I'm never going to be a movie star.
But then, in all probability, Liz Taylor is never going to teach first and second grade.
: Getting my gear packed up for my show tonight lovemylife Have fun!
I'll make it to a show again some day.
I miss y'all!
Thanks Anastasiya.
Have a great day!
Banning mobile device use in cars would be even less successful than prohibition was.
doctor was amazing.
Played outta his mind tonight.
Fed the monster them oops all night long!!
A quote from an interview with the late Charles Bukowski
thanks for the surf
Flower Garden Ideas PicturesHome Improvement Tips  pictures of flower beds
ur both talented and lovely but I should stick to one at a time  will still admire u from afar tho
alright ill do that thanks:
Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you.
I need to go swimsuit shopping ASAP.
Like us on Facebook!!!!!
Oh no, almost caused a very very bad coffee/mouth explosion due to the Taint of America comment.
so lucky, the day after I get back from Paris I leave to brazil though, the motherland lol
So glad was saved!!!
She's my fave!
my deepest apologies...
Must be a tough way to start a weekend
RT : Free, Tipbased, Walking Tours with this Wknd!
Explore Capitol Hill, Pennsylvania Ave and Big 5 Memorials!...
I knew fish would come up big in the playoffs
Power nap before sundown...my weekend begins tonight.
I highly dislike Ceelo Green
Don't think I've seen you in 10 years, but I do remember that you went to RIT.
Attending ?
I am.
I have supported you from ur VP run  still do.
I say the Tea Party is the Voice of The People u say it's a Movement?
Yay!
MadMen have returned!
hey there!
Thanks  getting better every day!
How r u?
michael
love my collard greens sauteed with thick strips of bacon, garlic and a little bit of olive oil.
how do u prepare ur collards?
lisa
Hi there  just wondering, do you go by the name Beau?
Aw Why thank you ;
Nice!!
RT : RT : Congratulations to Taj Gibson named to USA select team
She would say yeah, let's screw!
And now there is Pinterest spam.
Awesome.
The fact that I've been hunting for hotels for the past three hours makes me hate life.
Mark de CliveLowe just killed the first set !
Packed house !
is on now
RT : 155 IN and KY artisans and foodists, plus local music  art demos...it's all at the INArtisan Marketplace this weekend!
My tumblr crush just liked my picture.
Someone hold me.
Good Morning to you too!!!
Have a great day!!
haha yeah same thank you !!
When isn't tying his skinny ties he reads the !
Is there a coincidence?
Grilled pork featured in Cuban dish
it would be great if ya'll could help.
iLike this girl but am afraid if we go out and it ends we won't be so much as friends anymore.Advice?
Sad to be reading all the marac tweets, wish I could be there!
Too bad Georgia isn't the MidAtlantic.
Internet down all day today.
Sunny, warm Friday afternoon in October could be the last of the year.
The next few hours are going to be hard
Bye SD it's been real brah
love the commitment to improving eduction in SD.
City Year was a vital resource for students at the school I taught at in LA
Prolific  producing much fruit or foliage or many offspring
yep, real well.
It was awesome!
I've been calling to see if u wanna go doctorss shopping with me for the wedding...so yah, thanks for picking up :

Hey Bro, trying to catch up with you...it's been TOO L O N G!
I'm easy to find!
Google me, s all over the place!
Derby Road Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover currently stands at 19,298.00 and growing!
I'm going to remember who this artist is, I swear.
Is he contemporary, or dead?
HALL OF PAIN is trendin cuz Mark Henry said it on WWE Raw
Thanks!
for allowing our CineCityJax members to be the jury for the final performance of 'The Night Of January 16th'
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder
Win a copy of The BugaBees book sequel The BugyBops: Friends for All Time by
Being a wingwoman is hard work.
Do NOT want to talk to this guy.
God friend alert.
its money out here...u just have to stay focused  get it!
Also, we never figured out which city we built on rock n' roll.

me  my twitter name so i know it real!
Number of African Americans with jobs
RT : The new logo is here!
Thanks to Dave Green for his help in making it a professorssionallooking type logo!
Do the right thing.
It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
THE BUZZ IS OUT!!!
THE AKA's ARE READY TO GIVE YOU A Sweetdoctoram mixed with SweetIndulgence this FRIDAY 
I'm following you
yet?....chile please
Writing creating riffs n sounds till da wee hours of da morning lol
Are people really on this thing?
Feed tarantula sparingly, gutloaded crickets, supplement with other insects.
once/week.
Never feed wildcaught bug for fear of pesticides
check out and come to the triple rock on 11.11.
Taste of India in st.Louis park was bad
I have not seen Peter Dinklage since he was on Threshold.
I'll never give up...
I robbed an Indian casino doctorssed as a pilgrim.
christmas timean eating fest.
Pacers are hoopin.
Weekend Brunch Special Eggs Benedict poached eggs on Provence minicroissants with smoked ham, hollandaise and rosemary potatoes.
12.50
Do you run when you are sick?
With a cold?
Or skip?
Final: RI Riveters 110, Carolina Roller Girls 111.
Thanks to the for coming to RI!
Well, clearly part of the fun will be trying to figure out the best combo.
If you test yours, e.g., I will show up fork in hand.
omg.
is she really dating HIM?!
wow.
Trying not to think about grills.
It's hard.
sniff
Ate the mothafuckin' house down.
does it look like he is swinging all arms or is that my imagination?
I wish I could wake up to the beach and warm weather everyday !
Happy Pi Day!
Our base runners suck at stealing bases and our catchers suck at throwing base runners out.
What is your legal responsibility for waving another doctorver to turn?
There's a Car2Go outside of Thurston, I have nothing to do today.
Perfect conditions for an adventure!
Its going good, just chillen !
you?
Thanks for the RT Lauren!
When you have shacked with every groupie on campus
Took something off it and has been pitting pitches up.
That's a BP pitch.
Too bad for him in impossible situation
Possibly!
It always depends on who will pick up an article but I'd be delighted to talk.
DM me with more info.
Will pass the msg on, p.s.
you all should join us for Thirsty Thursday here at the WH
Thank you for all your support!
Liz is on the money.
Out of the box is books and sections.
Then you get more specific.
And thats one of the many reasons why we love you!
: GOTHUNDER !!
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.
Louis D.
Brandeis
dude I need it
I'm so sorry, you have a boyfriend and 5 guys lining up to date you, and you don't know what to do.
Your life is SO hard.
:
Took cover from the rain at a bar on Congress and found myself in hipster hell
Fucking whatever...
I'm done with about fucking everything...
People watching continues to be one of my favorite activities
its a crappy thing when another band destroys ur equipment and doesnt man up and pay for it
Its still early
Lessee: already 20 points behind at the end of the first quarter.
Awesome.
haha something about you being a cheap date.
TAKE GOOD SELF CARE:  soak feet in epsom salts  do gentle yoga  sip herbal tea  sleep  walk in the woods  raw honey facial
Beautiful day for the KefirTruck!
Thanks !
What's the verdict, Mike?
Did we do okay on the CBC12 SanDiego Pale Ale?

When should I come in for some delicious wings  rings?
My apologies for the delay.
I hate it when people pretend to be  it's so stupid OMFG people just be you it aint tht hard to be yourself
My love affair with ice pops is back on.
I miss you
RT : My friend David had his ID stolen yesterday.
We just call him Dav now
maybe .
I don't need that much attention as long as you're listening to me and/or checking me out at all times.
That's it
I'm not sure if I can love mister Steward anymore.
I know I doctorve him bananas...
If you want the best seat in the house, move the dog.
Can't wait to meet the beautiful , the lovely and the amazing in sept at the ball xx
What I said earlier was no wonder you puked your guts up if you doctornk Baltimore Zoos.
Whenever I Get Giftcards, I Just Blow That Shit, I Don't Care What I Buy, Ain't My Money Lls
10/10/10...cross/plus...have a great day.
DO YOU WANT TO SHARE THAT WITH THE WHOLE CLASS?!
No, thats why I whispered it.
Joe!
What?
Joe!
What?
Come on I said what.
congrats on the new job at UCI!
i used to listen to KUCI a lot when i was an undergrad!
Steven Tyler will release his tax returns on Tuesday.
RaeLynn is exceptionally average even by corner karaoke standards, how does make that call?
Can't wait to visit UCA this weekend and see some of my people!
This walk home is soo refreshing :
well she has twitter and she's mad at me because I told her  I can't talk now I'm busy and she called me a you know
OMG please lie naked in a pile to worship SuperMoon What could be more NewOrleans than that??!
...is working on the next big thing  revolutionary pricing, hadoop integration, fastest analytics platform in the world...
what's next?
Elaine and Stacey both deserve to go through, they're both great!
It's funny how i know what's gonna happen sometimes...
maybe it's just that gut feeling
Just thought I'd tweet hello!
Have a good day y'all!
All proceeds from our Shaker's CD go to the Brian Grant Foundation!
Come and get yours while they last, 10 at
professorssional contact, in the third person, announcing that he will be going on a splendid vacation for the next two weeks 
RT : Just saw a black guy and thought it was again.
Im a lover, not a fighter Diablo Gato/Furry Lover/Chupacabra or well known as Puss In Boots Lolz...
Enjoying a nice afternoon in Beverly Hills...
We are thinking of adding smoking cessation products to our upcoming website...What do you think?
Please give feedback..
Can't wait!
You always make me laugh ': 3
Welcome Ryan!
We are happy to have you in MI.
BodybyViLove RT : Welcome to the D!
:
It was WONDERFUL seeing you, darling daughter!
I had a great day with my peeps even if I was le injured lol.
I'm all about multiple shades of pink!
Yesterday is over its a different day .
If you list us on Twitter you will be able to follow us every where!
We will be in Downtown SanJose sanpedoctorsquare every Friday 9amto1pm
Cocktail of the day  Godfather.
1 Pour Scotch whisky and amaretto into a rocks glass with ice cubes.
2 Stir well.
This is some of the worst refereeing I have seen in awhile
Wait a second, this isn't the line for Avatar ...
I just brushed my teeth, but I want chocolate now
Once you have learned to love,
Now that REVENGE is on Sunday, I guess I should catch up on ONCE UPON A TIME before next season starts.
Poker is not a game its a lifestyle choice....
i'm in 'the country'.
Way north of green bay.
The open space is really putting a zap on my head
Good man!
Trying to get this album done.
Yes, they do!
We wil!
Not for me...
cuz I know how to doctorve.
Last night's show was awesome!
Had a blast.
Now we look to March 9th at the Vous Blood Alcohol Content
Would you follow me for a moment so I might DM you, dahlink?
:
thank you :
Also, not great reception
thanks cutie ;
could u plz donate some paint to Manchioneal All Age sch in Portland Jamaica?
The sch look really bad!
:
I've been annoyed by your tweets for a long time, that one was too much.
Glady unfollowed you.
Bye.
I stopped watching BasketBall Wives 3 Seasons ago...maybe even 4
Cover story in wednesdays TO Sun goes a long way to explaining why TO not a good venue for world class sports events like the PanAm Games
That is highly likely.....
maybe we'll make an exception
People!!!
I notice when you unfollow!!!
I'm not stupid....
tt
I want a guy who will see me wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, damn you look beautiful.
:
Thank you!!
You are pretty fabulous too!
It's looking a little below her chin : Def go see her in person if you can she's genius
So blessed to be here.
Learning a lot about leadership and what it takes to be present for the geeks!
Swag dont pay the bills BITCH.
I have a solution for all of those A.R.K.
;0
Big girls need love too I don't discriminate 
You should be optimistic as well.
It's nice.

or IHOP for blueberry pancakes!!
thank you so much, I was waiting on hearing back.
haven't tweeted for so long...
i missed the triple double but the Sixers are now 10 when Evan Turner starts in the playoffs on Tuesdays :
For sure.
I remember two feet of snow and below zero temperatures.
90's pop music..
The jams
I see an angel in a block of marble and begin to chisel until it flies away.
Michael Angelo.
please fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort  joy to holidayhash, and you could have 100 donated to a charity of choice.
Thx!
The fifty year old man in the lounge is playing Angry Birds.
Awkward.
When will you be installing a track in your new facility?
Thanks for the retweets, twitter Masters...!
U are appreciated...!!!
Prominent American literary figures lived in NYC during the 1830s and 1840s, Washington Irving, Herman Melville,  Edgar Allan Poe.
Thanks so much, you always come thru!
You shouldnt get a handy cap pass because youre fat........
Proud to announce that I will be shooting with Mob Candy Magazine this month!
:
thanks, lady!
RT Some bad breaks to start the inning, otherwise, I think Scott would have finished that inning just fine.guhgreeunlucky
Love you girls :There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family.
You know you gotta leave the bar when you see the fat chicks dancing to the Enrique Iglesias song Tonight I'm Fucking You
Yay!!!
I'm back, what did I miss?
Orlando Won, Houston Won!
The WildCat has now won 124 straight games.
Heading to Malibu for a shoot and I'm going to freeze my booty off.
Club Sirius tonight no cover wild Wednesday downtown SA ill be live in the video mix all night!
Thanks for the follow.
Tell mister S.
Anderson hi from Hamisterck.
Lebron's not that cute, BUT his body??!!!
Savannah is blessed!
you walked right past me too fast at the Clinton talk at NRA and I couldn't say hi.
We still want to get you !
I pray that your life being you more joy each day.....and that you never experience pain, suffering, sickness, or job lost
yes, so we don't always have to go to lahinas
Got a doctorss for junior prom!
A goal from on my birthday to win against Portland would be awesome.
Or just a shout out :.
Good luck bro!
I don't wear green because I look like christmas when I do.
I LOVE U 3
This time of the year just to mess with people we like to sit in our car in a sweet parking spot at the mall with our reverse lights on.
I was sad to learn today that WDWG has been sold and changing format.
It was a sweet indie country station.
I love that song!!!
RT : I've had you so many times but somehow I want more
i aint trying to love you baby...just fck you instead
Fact iz everybody changes.
The angel you know today can turn into something else tomorrow
Thanks for sharing!
I'll definitely take a look.
Yes, I'm trying to be more positive, or at least saying negative things in ways that hopefully inspire discussion
I just watched video 3 pretty cool did you give away your coveted spot at the Academy yet?
Always A Bit Of Sarcasm In Mug Shot Roundup
MLM News!
BodHD
me too.
How far did you get so far and what char
Game delayed...time to doctornk!
status reports 3x week, standup m,w,f agile workstyle about
Two years go every other billboard in Central Austin was NOT a liquor brand.
I know you can do it
nice day for a win, right?
Feather Hair Extensions high quality last for up to four months!
Hair can still be washed, blowndoctor,straightened www.OhioHairStylist.com
I gotta go to the mat for Future 40's by Syd Straw.
thanks bud, gettin to have a college experience i shouldve always had.
see you this summer?
thank you :
with you
Dear note from your biggest fans, don't cuss so much in your songs.
It completely kills it
I've said it.
You've said it.
My 10yearold has said it.
Now let's agree to stop saying it.
I hearby renounce, I know, right?
An apple a day really does keep the doctor away.
Helps to boost immune system and eases allergies.
trifflin hoes these days..
smh have some self respect
We like our inbox bananafree but filmfull RT There you go, like magic and bananas.
Film news in your inbox.
Enjoy.
I was supposed to cheat off you.
Now wtf am I supposed to do

i just wanna be with somebody who hasn't been with everybody
Haha it totally should be!
AND you should win all the cookies you catch!
OK, maybe that 2nd part is a bad idea...
:
Yeah they might still get out of 1st round but probably not beyond that.
Watching the hills have eyes at 9am isn't exactly a normal way to start my day
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!!!
Youth Without Youth coming up very soon on !!!
At the Baltimore harbor with my family watching dolphins being feed!
garret k LOLL
had a few as well and trust me, he's a caroling freak!
I've never heard a better rendition of Jingle Bells!
Apart of me is gone once you left me.
/3
What??
I am looking forward to G.O.T in a few hours...:
LOL, that made me laugh super hard!
You've changed.
I miss the old you.
RT making a valiant effort to listen to no dance music tonight, no dub, dnb, house anything, just casual rock,
The MadHouse Sagas official website will be up and running in 24 months.
Boy just left the studio!
With my artist this is going too be a hot single!
Off the album coming soon.
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 62F Clear
The infamous from is in the office.
Our toughness factor increases tenfold.
Also, our whitemanfro factor.
Got the shirt at Nordstrom Rack and the skirt at Forever 21.
It was luck if I ever heard of it!!
Went work clothes shopping this weekend.
Bought anything that looked like it wouldn't show red rot.
You're so welcome!
how cool!
i am just so happy for you, great post for your special day too 3
told u, y'all two r hilarious
Had an amazing doctoram about ; just saying 3
Andoctor Watts!
A Kleinhans and favorite!
Right back at you!
Y'll were dearly missed.
DEARLY MISSED.
Peas are on the stove,  thinking about Phillipe's!
How you gonna give a 1 kit, we all know he's a
hell yea you should see his dubstep vid
Making ChuHi.
Over ice, pour Japanese Shochu  club soda into hiball glass.
Top off with fresh grapefruit juice.
Manual individual juicer.
nice table!
So I start the 28th : I'm a happy camper
Never wait a day to tell someone how much you love them.
Tomorrow might be too late.
Oh, when?
Lol  new nicknames
can never forget it
No energy
On a related note, any day that you have tiramisu has to be considered a good day
Getting ready for class and still have 30 mins to kill  getting back into bed :  winning
no your not liar
Standing up on his bday 
I love all of this Detroit bike talk.
Gimme more!
it's wednesday all day
.
Thanks, Deborah!
We're still a bit under construction but we hope you enjoy the site!
Thanks for the shoutout,
I'm not right now.
I'm sorry.
Springtime is here!
Calling all volunteers!
Join us to help wake up Girard St.
Garden on March 31st and Marion St.
Garden on April 7th!
i dont flip flop teams.
I let it be known who i roll with lol
stumbling, slurring words, making idiotic choices, and inducing vomiting isn't appealing?
at House Of Blues on September 5th.
We have free tickets for the show let me know if you would like some.
Haha, you're finally eating something besides Olive Garden, Subway, or Whataburger?:
teachers, talk to each other.
Respect kids' humanity.
How can we demand respect for us when we treat students as such
Damn my manager just said if it's slow i can go to sleep in the back...Wtf?
yes still
Keynote was only so so.
Jim Neal last year was much better.
I ran into Linda Benninghove, but not others from Stevens
the main question at school today is that uhh y u cut ur hair??????
Happy birthday!
Hope it doesnt rain in Seattle for one day of the year!
is working all the hotties out there?
You must be looking at the site www.wherethehottiesat.com to find them.
An ounce of usability is worth a pound of documentation plus instructions.
Agreed!
: Doc Rivers, , and the staff doing a phenomenal job with this team
Sponsors interested in sponsoring Bikini Swim Club  Exclusive this year contact
THANK YOU NSAI for another year of Spring Training!!!
What a great week it was!
Absolutely priceless; if u didn't go, make time next year!
right.
They've been able to create this level of market exclusivity by taking advantage of the vintage trend.
sending my video now!
:
I just won't some head
thx for taking the time to read my post re: Steve Jobs.
I was shocked too when I started uncovering so many undisputed facts
RT : Nonprofessorteers interested in livestreamed or hybrid events please get in touch anytime.
Lots I can help you with.
Bye...
busy doing what?!
STOP THE PRESSES.
BIKE RETRIEVED.
BUT YES, free tomorrow night.
manicures sound great.
lemme know if your school week isn't crazed
I will have this cursed it hammer Loki, neigh, you will have it's thunder!
Thor.......lmao.
Tech sector rose up to Kill Bill 1 SOPA invaders from entertainment industry.
Now techies must Kill Bill 2 CISPA one of their own.Irony?
NBA: Daily Dime Derrick Rose returned after missing a dozen games, but it was Carmelo Anthony who stole the spotlight.
Subconsciously you may just not want 2 use yr energy on the inevitable admin minutia.
Your head telling U 2 find a diff focus.
Looking for new ways to make an ebook successful..anyone?
Hopefully out within a month or 3.
Back then they didn't want me.
Now I'm hot they all on me.
I said, back then they didn't want me.
Now I'm hot they all on me.
We can't wait to have you!
When will we be seeing you?
I'm so fabulous I scare myself
Editin the new video!!
LiesIveToldMyParents Im still a virgin ; 
Nice!
RT : George Clinton tweeted meToday has been a good day.
This harpist is ready for the world!
doctorving through ohio is the absolute worst!
so Doc doesn't give Igoudala any credit?
Hm...Interesting
early birds gets the worms
Someone come over and help me clean my room.
That buddy benefit isn't going to work there is a lot of catching up that has to happen now.
SECOND who does homework on a friday TFOH with that.
Please remember: No open containers at lastthursday.
Wed hate to see you get doctorgged off into the night, and it hurts the local bars!
I now know what it's like to have a crazy stalker annoying
Thanks for answering my ?
last night about finding a great coder.
So important to find people who contribute to open source!
Agreed RT Re:Hip Hop theory.
I don't think there's been NEAR enough reflection on how hip hop has impacted culture.
Yes.
I love me some podcamp pcpgh The environment can be so invigorating.
Great to hear your story today at
you my sissy
.
pickup isn't very convenient when you get there and it isn't ready
Best song.
Do I really live in an America where every tween who ever declared her undying loyalty to Team Edward is ineligible to hold public office?
so i am going to be a grandma again.
new life is wonderful.
what's green and smells like pork?
you mean missile right?
It's Friday, let's have some fun!
Describe your sex life with a movie title.
Departing Nashville and our dear friends Moses, Emily, and Tilly.
Next stop...uh....Kansas?!?
Stick a fork in them, they're done.
chinese language and culture skills important for
LMAO.
Okay, enouuugggggh.
Now, how about that make up sex?
When they go down 03 2nite gettin swept in the 2nd round for 2yrs in a row becomes a reality
The Hunger Games: Horror of childoctorn killing each other for entertainment cleaned up  served in easily digestible product.
3:5
thx and 4 giving luv!
Rest of you, check that inbox
Should I Follow Weirdos :P
didnt realize u tweeted....u should really start watching it it was soo good yesterday!
the pleasure will be all mine!
Glad to have your expertise along!
Congratulations to the newest addition of our board, Membership Director Dan Ackerman!
I'm thinking that we each need our own Bastille to storm.Determine to stand up and make some positive noise.
you're a doctoram date!!
Tonight spins at 11pm inside Krave Nightclub!
Ask him about a free bottle!
dude e will be fine
Have a great week.
Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure still heart and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song
hahahaha!!
:p nice
I have insomnia like a mothfkkkaa
I understand and I agree.
We read it for our book group earlier this year and it was excellent!
.
The seamayor debate tomorrow is hosted by and airs at 7pm.
jh
sxswi sxsw My Sophomore Year Here are tips that have helped me, for first year visitors  anyone feeling overwhelmed!...

That's great news.
I'm going again and I recommend highly everyone go see while its still showing in LA!
I wanna go out to eat ugh
how long are you guys gonna be there?
definitely want to hang out.
Relieved to be home
have been a closet fan because, well, I'm a straight dude....but proud to admit it now with that sweet ride you have.
I was a fat girl in my past life
reunited and feels realy good so happy to have the good people back in my life
I'm sorry i'm not what you wanted.
Hoosier clip.
I am officially hooked.
omg yes!!
All I've ever wanted is to be able to sleep like a human and not an owl.
Oh really?
thats a shame, the review seemed promising.
Alabama Capital performance t.co/3IIyPfE5
is my favorite!
Love Barbara and her team
Thanks for the nicest comment EVER on my youtube page, about my justin bieber cover :
I will be an adult in 24 hours.
I hope this is not a sign of things to come.
The team I was hoping would win yesterday...lost.
long trip game of catch phrase is in my bag.
8 hours of nonstop fun!
omg me too:
On lxbwebinar.
Making the best of your iPhone and iPad with
True true.
NEW Menus Are Up For  Happy Hour  Cocktails  Dinner  Lunch  Brunch  Take Out  www.facebook.com/blossominglotus See You There Tonight!
Hi, this is Berkeley College social media we would still like to use your Tweet in our new video project!
Please message me.
C'est Parfait!
RT Enjoying the spring breeze with
Could you be emotionally detached at work and not know it?
Sure, if you're detached.
There's a party in your head and you're not invited.
RT : Commencing countdown, engines on..
2nite is Londata I 'data  Moshi Monsters'.
:
2 if you have to impress a gal that much to get her to marry you, figuring out how to ask her may not be the biggest problem
That is true
We're playing in Nashville tonight with , Little Viking, and more.
Starts at 9.
5 18
Betty White's Off Their Rocker
Two blown saves in a row.
Crapola.
avengers tonight!
YAAAAAAYYYY!!!
CONGRATS!
COME HERR :D
Inspiration or nap?
RT : I was struck so hard by inspiration, I think I just lost two hours of time...
I don't think there's a single inch of this library that is not covered in students.
OK bestactress poll: Glenn Close, Viola Davis, Rooney Mara, Meryl Streep or Michelle Williams?
Travis Clark has a girlfriend and taylex exists.
holy shit am I doctorAMING?!
Just bought some new monitors for the studio Genelec 1031a's cannot wait to get the beatz jackin on these : !!!!
Missing someone, is shit
hi pls follow me back :
Thanks Max!
It was a blast!!
Ahh, so fun!
: I hope your concert was awesome!
:
So jealous!
Delivery in the big conference room?
Miss my united kids 2day
Is that flossing thing true?!
I AM AN AVID FLOSSER!
IMMA LIVE FOR CENTURIIIIIEEEESSE
follow me
I did follow back
the show starts at 8pm and we play 2nd.
Really good bands and DJ.
Let us know!
Hey  give a gift to in Jess and Skip's names  get their names on the new bldg!
thanks for the good word!!
confession: i leave my iphone on during takeoffs and landings, and wear headphones with a hoodie to conceal it.
Plz sponsor Rachelle's run 4 the Warrior Dash obstacle course on 5/19/2012 to raise  4 Women Build Program!...
Did you know April is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Month?
Celebrate: ttp://tinyurl.com/cf8yye.
maybe, whats the plan?
I have to work tomorrow and am still recovering from being sick.
Justin wants us.
Tbh.
I know!
Just one big hole right through him haha
omg hey, you're cute :
it's all Good!
Loving this weather.
Belief is a sickness, it is a virus that eats away at your critical thinking  doctor Phil Valentine
Want to meet up at icsf ?
Shoot me an email rumor has it I pay for coffee.
Welcome Back Backstrom.
Caps OT highlights with Our Sunday forecast from Join us for News4 at 11
For Gay Pride Month, you can purchase the Diversity Platinum Rewards card for 19.95!
Use Promo Code Instinct11 www.diversityplatinum.com
hm ok I may stop byI have an idea brewing for next first Friday.
I'll run it by them if I do!
It's best to just leave it at that.
There's nothing wrong with having different opinions.
That's the fun of talking about them.
Or so gorgeous.
RT : Be so good that they can't ignore you.
Steve Martin
Difference between male  female swans: size.
Difference between SiteSwan websites  others: Beauty...and SEO, easy editing, mobile site...
thanks love!!
Huh...
Dethlahem.
DND themed metal.
Go on, I'm listening
your cousin is adorable!!
please say no one owns a  of you...
A deep run sounds immediate in your future!!!!!!
Cute toddlers at IKEA are a dime a dozen.
Game 1 Watch Party tonight Come Thunderup!!
Alot of beautiful women out right now.
No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her won way is without enemies.
Another underlying theme at womcc today: Give the audience/customer a voice.
That warm front passed through.
There is a sharp temperature/humidity difference with the front.
Black friday is crazy!:
Goin to get some pineapple kush
Make Every Moment Count 2010 Happy New Year Smiles Love  Gods Peace Always DNICOLE
Woo!
Moving on to Metal Gear Solid next?
CUTEST VIDEO EVER OMG GO WATCH IT RIGHT NOW
hang in there bro.
We won for you tonight.
I read one of your tweets and went to retweet it, and realized soon after that I wanted to RT all of your tweets.
Thank you for everyone that came out tonight and had fun at Qube.
See everyone next Friday, Masquarade Ball  Noche de Pecados 2!!
Here's your chance to be heard, get out and vote!
a ham sandwich is what I'm eating
Merry Christmas!!!
I can't wait for another big hit album.
I wish it's coming soon..
Congrats!
Will do.
MT : My American Unhappiness is now in stores and online.
Purchasing would make YOU my favorite person.
Today's BTU inspiration: Follow your passion, and success will follow you.
Arthur Buddhold
Tomorrow ima be a whole new person
Yup, cuz the Egyptians have no problems.
None at all.
They make Scandinavia ashamed with their equality and democratic gov't
Aight been up long enough...
Chanting in my mind Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis when I was dead broke I could picture this
It's a great place, isn't it?
I really enjoyed your performance of Mahler 5!
Was nice to meet you.
Hope to hear you again soon!
Haha yeah, yeah, I know.
But did you know when Pat was diagnosed w/Alzheimers 1/4 of the getwell cards came from UConn fans?
what inspired that??
And when are you getting your happy hiney to Nashville?!
G.I Ent
is that a Jehovah's Witness tract?
Good night
I did better then I expected on my test :
Any plans to release your software on the app store?
RT Is the French Toast at the next table...
Is it FLIRTING with me?
Focus on your dining patron, you syrupy breakfast slut!
Jimmy, the taco loco is out of control.
Gotta hit the one over the 41st bridge.
Watched Cold Blood 4 the 1st time last night  wow, yeah, Q's soundtrack was amazing.
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen..
you are a queen!
3 bri
A sunpowered robotic explorer named Juno is rocketing toward Jupiter on a fresh quest to discover the secret recipe for making planets.
biz strategy for value for OSS: dual license; professorserv/consulting; subscription based support
Dammit I really love this photo!
We need to meet in the middle for pix
How you miss Me but NEVER Chilled with me ?
.....
great!
lets stay in touch
RT : How dare you tell me its tougher for you like I don't hear about the bitches you fucking with to.....
holy canoli  learning a lot from at t4b presentation through Rainmaker University
Awesome!
Where do you want to go?
Likewise, look forward to hanging with you again soon.
I received your email reply to audition for the Studio Talent Group Twitter general audition.
I am not sure what that means?
haha
yeah okay have fun with that
Just rented The Moonglows  Blue Velvet: The Ultimate Collection from the library earlier today.
It is absurdly ironic that teacherappreciation week coincides with highstakes testing.
Can somebody please take the knife out of my back?
Good Deal: Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended student and teacher edition just 39.80
or we gonna be bosh and rapoters till la is too old to be great anymore
naw no odor
If you find out if this is possible, can you pleae let me know?!
:
Watching this lame ass movie in economics with
Just go for it...
I believe you can do it..
Do you have any midwest dates?
aw you were at that race?
I was too.
nice job at getting your best time!
Congrats to Dirk  the Mavs for turning down the Heat.
Mavs are all class the polar opposite of Miami.
Loving LinkedIn Today feature, but lookg fwd to when they remove redundcies.
Next social innovationcloud curation of duplicate info
Cute!
Your hair is !!
i know i need some
Like that moment when all the boys or girls in the group are ugly but u settle for the best looking ugly one.
Where is your favorite place to go for a run or ride your bike in Albuquerque?
Date tonight : Seeing Avengers
Hit the pedals one , make the floor shake 
Ordered 5000 FULL COLOR / BOTH SIDES biz card w/ UV Coated for 32.80 w/ shipping SCORE!!
yep thanks!
dude no1 is like following you...
il keep trying but for some reason no one ever responds to my tweets..
ever haha
Sorry, that's not an April Fool's joke.
Sounds fantastic!
RT : Fabu way to do Baltimore: snack , sharks , fiddlehead ferns ...
Watching Higher Learning!
What a throwback!
congrats on your socent in pakistan article !
:
Any plans to add Astoria, Middle Village, and other relevant outer boro areas to the project?
we shall hang tomorrow.
deal?
I don't know if anyone peed but there was plenty of grossed out flinching!
where you?
Yes!
RT Big idea: how about we don't have more news articles about what size breasts are fashionable?
wat I 3 Edward thing I got a lot
3 great NBA playoff games are on tonight and i don't have work.
this is actually not a bad monday so far.
People say that it's okay to give second chances .....
i totally agree
Ha ha ha.
Bless your soul.
You really think you're in control?
Well, I think your crazy.
I was checking out your beautiful website and stumbled on the HUG chair!
That's perfect for lower back problems ha!
:
...
You hurt my mom!
Now please go away!!!
The donation to my brothers charity was a nice gesture but it would of been better if u didn't...
I commend any artist dat make it bc its hard to stand out, out of thousands of artists, get noticed and really make moves
You are the wonders of my world.
thats great.
what song will u perform?
3
agree.
i like her blonde as well.
Always interesting: How B2B Search Engine Marketers Can Better Impact the B2B Buying Process
Remember our first performance of Seussical premiers this Friday at 7:00!
Also on Saturday at the same time.
1.00 admission.
opt me out of junk mail.
Those value packs dont have good coupons anyway.
listen to us tomorrow at 11am!
Wes would u be interested in an on air interview?
Annalisa
I miss you more RT: how u doing my love what's new with u I miss u
Ever notice how so many that criticize leadership and say they would never seek promotions have all the answers.
Honestly I never heard of until the follow....but I'm DEFINITELY Fxcking wit the music..Gotta Different Sound.
I LOVE the thought of Brojs in Miami.
Can we plan to go at the same time?!
I should be down in June.
especially toenails.
especially someone else's.
Was CNN poll taken AFTER Obama endorsed SSM or before?
How else to explain CBS/NYT poll?
Nothing else has changed!
great artist
Somethings been missing from the world of wine.
We do learning parties too!
dml2012 but based on steam learning!
what do you think will be the big issues of this election?
the obvious...
the economy and abortion...
what else?
goodmorning!
Did you sleep well?
:
I'll see you there too!
Woohoo!
OMG I can't wait until next April tho.
that's too long!
D;
Working on some new shows and an August Tour
If you like music head over to my Reverbnation page!
It is a great one stop shop for all things NJP related.
Behold the Power Cosmic!
Ack, I should know that!
WORK in the morning..hate the thought of that
Alex Gonzalez / Reliable defender / but hits like Yuni
Get the best econolunch is SE: Mitch's All Beef Hot Dog 1.50  soda or Teresa's great freshground brewed or pressed coffee!
79thFoster
im following u now : follow back ?
: and 3 ur kitty !!!
:D xD
I want to personally thank President Obama for taking a stand on gay marriage that was courageous of him and the world views are changing
Please post an American flag on your facebook page!
but that is also why I turn off notifications to my phone...
It's more like rise, roll over, check twitter, eat something, THEN grind.
But to the gym I go!
Hey Wes can you send me the Junction 41 video on twitter?
I don't fuck around with my face.
And fuck your opinion about that.
Feeling a bit under the weather, this new Sarasota climate must not be agreeing with me...
Okay, fuck, Means I'm gonna waste my time sleeping instead of studying.
.
it's my birthday today.
It would make my life if you saw this:
This is crazy, but here's my number.
Call me if you want a list of TV shows I've watched today, maybe.
Heat Rally From DoubleDigit Deficit Behind LeBron James' 32Point Effort To Claim 30 Series over
w00t!
It's about time.
that sux hug my doggy ;
i've heard its basically soft core porn for females.
i want to read it lol.
make that 2012
Yup!
Walking there is 25 minutes, walking to schoolfrom Starbucks is 20.
I can even sit down and rest for 10 minutes!
8D
Horace Williams of Cedar Hill: We began our cuts with worstcase scenario.
Like Duncanville, we lost 2 TRE votes here.
Rail food is great!
And people are so nice!...
I am so happy that I am now getting paid for my youtube videos now its so aweosme
it is kristigail hotmail com.
Thank you!
:
ThingsThatGirlsLike when boys dance with them
your back!
We love you Keith!
Thank u to all who came by our booth at Poor Boys Midnight Mass!
Feeling good!
Sitting in a hospital waiting room makes you realize your problems aren't that important
lol I hate when it gets that low
I feel like someone got mad at me for using the bathroom last night?
Haha!
Yes....brings back old memories 
lol ok and we were suppose to take pics with flora today!!!
like how to customize it I'm completely lost
sitting outside with my family .
oh how I've missed nights like this 3
doctoraming of hitting mega millions for a billion
Just woke up now time to study some film
Thinking of making a vegan version of a shamisterck shake...
definitely will!
hey yeah we will!
settle in and get comfy, club snell's the place to be!
did u know matty likes tumblr girls
30 off all Skin Care Products
awesome.
Coming out this Friday?
Tired, tired, tired.
If anyone knows the starter for A Norfolk tomorrow, please let me know.
I've absolutely lost track of their rotation.
It's changed a ton.
designer tshirt?
I think yes
Awesome.
Thank you
RT How exciting!
Bexar County is finally getting some much needed rain!
Please be safe on the roadways!
You guys should try to make it to a couple, they have a lot of good information.
Plus they have free pizza and big red!
I feel that with my competitive nature it would be really easy for me to become addicted to gambling haha
I'll be in San Diego with some awesome people.
I don't need much else to be happy 
hahha son you were gone
Well, you're down a person when she's gone; and maybe she loads the machine differently.
So much worse.
I couldn't stand it anymore...yet I still watched.
Lmfao they totally just retweeted my last tweet awk
So many people at the gym.
Praying that there is not a grunting moron.
no I thiink punch is a way better idea!
Dear no one likes u..so get ur head out of ur ass and go fuck urself while wishing u were justinbiebs..eat that u little fuck
Hey Rex Ryan, there's no crying in football jets nfl.
Thank Gd the doctorma of the Jets season is over!
thanks man
hahah I always knew lol : oh and OKC is gonna stomp the lakers 
Funny!
And true, thankfully!
RT Unless you have Alzheimers, you can be just as tech savvy as your kids.
Good things come to those who wait.
m onions.
You making us breakfast Daddyo?
LEETS PLAY STREET HOCKEY LIKE TODAY, NOW, FUNDAY SUNDAY BIATCH.
That is all
Sounds like you no longer have him as a problem since he's your 'former boss'
I missed you
Ice cream cone!
At least we are reasonably sure that wasn't from a bear!
Disinfect those scratches!
RT : RT : Posture: when you care, but not...
that much.
Via
Agree!
RT : We have some good folks here for the chat today!
Looking forward to the information sharing.
Yep, he'll be singing the blues in November!
hey Ricky Ficarelli !!
lol hmm how is your school work going?
Are you almost done?
No one compares to my SWAG sisters.
Just saw 2 really cute guys at Safeway : so amazing how i can find the cutest guys at the weirdest places
i'm pretty sure my birth stone color is purple ..feeling confused and slow
If you smoke weed, I'm willing to bet your feeling dumb and depressed most of the time.
doctorp that like it's hot.
I did.
Seriously, word  for  word.
But we're still loving the show.
A boomer kiddie book is on its way :D
Me too probably stop by Khrisetta if she's cooking maybe a couple others
I'll look into it tomorrow.
cannot stand sitting next to person who has just come in from having a smoke ...
vomit!
But together, we can take the piss out of Premature Wicket Loss
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
RT MKE Foodies who keep me coming back for more:
I need to find someone cool in my genre who is already published and would want to write a foreword for my book of Trivium Proportion
SomeoneIWantToMeet is She gives me so much strength.
3
We may be closed, but love is always on my mind
Have fun and be safe!!!!
FINAL SCORE: Michigan State 58, Ohio State 48
Welcome On Board misterMasou...
Coffee and gum for breakfast.
.
Seriously...
wiunion has wirecall in 3 weeks and no  help from you?
My 2012  goes only to WI Dems
you are welcome and Thank you!
When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Join us for our HH tonight 68pm!
Zipsters  your 1st doctornk or meal is on us!
Bring a friend to sign up and you'll both get 75 DC
Stop in today to Vanille Patisserie !
15 of their sales go the !
Me 4 I was just saying this!
RT : Love love love 's slides.
Who did 'em?
On this stupid iPod....
Sunday evening with my hubby, listening to the rain:
you might want to get your fear of fruit checked out, but we're excited you're coming to the !
I witnessed history at Camden Yards tonight.
And I'm wearing my witness shirt.
Can't sleep.
Hurting so much.
fml
well the interest rate  fees are cheaper on the larger loans students take to pay for college.
Not sure that's more affordable
I hate movies yo
bankgeekissues Waiting to know where the band trip is to
Nice!
Man, I was telling my Slasher Movie Buddy that my wife never gets it when I say..
mcdm RT : Musicians are used to being guarded but in social media they are able to be their true selves
you should at least try to hide what you do illegally
That is just funny.
Do you have any plans for this Easter weekend?
Friends, family, or fun?
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
Confucius
hahaha!
Where can I get that?
That would make a great Father's Day gift
Working for a living!
Excited for the weekend!!!
50 days till opening day!
Off to the gym...yep, shavua tov indeed.
Dairy Queen with my girls.
Good way to end the day.
Now I can remove the neck tie.
salute bro
Hee hee.
How'd you get suckered into that.
;
Ha ha!
Well, if there's anything I have, it's enthusiasm.
I like to bring a little joy with me wherever I go!
that's good to hear bro, I've been good brah just recovering from my knee surgery I should be back at it by August, wau?
I'm sorry babe:/ I know what you mean tho...
if you follow me back and promise to read all my tweets ill refollow you.
FF Great Community
I didn't say it wasn't a useful disease :
Reports of a few homes damaged in Pike County from a possible tornado there this AM.
Oak Grove Rd.
area mentioned in those reports.
Getting tatted :
Why oh why is the NHL going to be foolish again?
Yussss got approved for the new place in Mansfield, aweeesommmme
Assumptions get you no where with any relationship period
Ooh, Alice, one of these days: bang!
Zoom!
Straight to the moon!
Gingrich explaining his economic plan to a potential voter named Alice.
Nothing like that early morning workout.
I love what I do 3
Where have you been?
PalePeopleProblems SUN  anti albinos
I don't even know why but I can't stop putting Lighters on repeat : It's currently making my morning
Holy cow i'm loving this song ImSingle by lil wayne
12 John , Madison , Nick R.:  Beautiful 3
There was nothing terrible about today, so my incredibly sinking mood must be tied to how dark it gets outside.
Thanks for the RT on our blog post today!
nothing much chillin with some friends, and carnival tonight, wbu?
Have some pizza, popcorn, pinot, and pretzels NationalPoetryMonth This event is brought to you by the letter
My Lil Bro Talkin Bout He Aint Gone Miss School
I....
I really...
Omg Id have to talk to you in dm for that haha
Apologies if anyone was befuddled by my latest handle, mixin' it up not trying to sound like a gay porno TilKingmancome or anything
Love is...Running into his arms, Colliding with his heart, And exploding into his soul!
Free early screening passes for 21 Jump Street available at ONEBURGER!
Come now while supplies last.
Get a tshirt and shot glass as well
wow..
someone just asked what social bookmarking was...
Welcome to the busyness!
I don't use roofies...
I use tequila they both work the same way.
RT : Tix still aval for tonight's great panel: What's Next for Neighborhoods at the Indiana Landmarks Center at 6...
Thought for the Day: Competition Cures Complacency
HappyMayDay Everyone :D
thanks Joe...
will try to keep up
Wow.
Thanks.
: It's a lifelong process of improving at living
lol i just got done listening 2 doctor bieber that's our new favorite song :
Just found this site by accident and joined/checking it out.
BTW I also am a HUGE Star Trek and New Kids on the Block fan.
true enough!
Aw okay
if that is right in front of your house...
i am extremely jealous
Long day tomorrow.
Still feeling hurt.
BUT we're going to Grand Rapids, MI on 7/22.Go support the Toledo Music Fest today
I think I wanna delete my Facebook.
haha no problem!
Happy Burning Up Friday!!
you're crazy.
Go back to bed steve
POLLARD!
ARE YOU KIDDING?
someone's excited for my hair!
Lol
HE: What you say if I asked you to marry me?
SHE: Nothing!
I can't talk and laugh at the same time...
You should come to in July and then head back to Chicago with me!
You know your welcome anytime!
Lets see if she bites on tha first text?
Welcoming our newest: and TY for following!
I'm loving the new StoryStream feature!
Such a great idea.
With how fast tech news moves, the extra context really helps.
Keep Staring At Me I Guess They Like The All Blue POLO.Im Gone Post My Pink Friday When I Get 2 The Crib Deluxe Edition 18 Tracks.Problems
Weekly comics shipment sure makes getting out of bed early on Wednesday's a lot easier!
Put the gun away, before you fucking kill somebody!
Where did you get that shit?!
It's my mom's!
Cheddar Bob 8Mile hahahah
lifeclass Yes Thank you for the online link.
Love Life Class
Thank you for following me!!
Sometimes the only problem between you and someone is someone else Sometimes unhappy people don't want anyone else to be happy
Haha!
In the restroom :
aw, thank you!
WoH, solid idea for collaboration!
hey yes it is a fitted unisex tee  Dan
Tried to pet the guy sitting in front of Amoeba Music wearing a 4AD tshirt and eating peaches out of a plastic bag and he bit me :
I'm thinking that a widget area inside the nav ul would be a bad idea.
See response on my blog.
Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed
on Leadership  Treat your Employees like Volunteers and your Volunteers like Employees  Your next speaker at www.DavidsonLeadership.com
FollowFriday A big shout out to five must follow tweeters.
Mary Marshall Clark: These women have pushed back against the silence and educated people to listen and speak up with them.
im on twitter and its my birthday nice
I can't even hate that RG3 went to the redskins cuz they need him..they were horrible last season
Wow fuck the fuck off omg
That looks like a Geekhouse approved use of our product, keep up the good work!
Nice aftermarket swizzle straw too.
Haha I don't know what other mustards would work
RealityCheck: Just because you invited everyone to your dinner celebration, doesn't mean that they have to do everything you tell them.
Heard about lots of interesting collaborative museum projects at CRAFTing a Community.
Got some new events to hit in DC now!
Best doctorssed in the NFL doctorft....
Wat YA'll doing for Thanksgiving????
ha!
Look at that, I was already following you on the Twitters.
So nice to meet you  your hubs!
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for
Did you get rid of those Coachella passes?
agreed, the idea is great, I just think the UI needs a little more clarity.
Just heard from that their Practicum film was a huge hit at a fundoctorising event.
We are so happy to hear this!
aw your so sweet!
thanks so much : xx
haha no its from a tv show.
YW.
That Brendan Fraser article is on my favorites.
It was awesome, ending with Matt Damon and Sandoctor Bullock getting in too.
Today's Specials: Taco Salad BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich Split Pea Soup
Yeah, it's a good day for a day off.
RT : I'm not a fan of the having an off day, but after yesterday my blood pressure is.
I Fucking loved the return tonight so giddy and great....
UNCA that Lane violation call was bullshit
15 of 18 pin locations are within 4 feet of water today at ThePlayers.
Should be fun.
looks good!
how is work
the fact that I missed your event this weekend weighs heavy on my heart.
Sounds like it was a great success though, congrats!
been c00lin' all day...gotta enjoy the rain
Follow back please.:
We lookin forward to you comin to the land of Ali!!
Moving most of the computational material in Math216 to the second half of the coursenot wellreceived by some students.
Breaking Tables with Zayn..
would we fly out of the world?
I'm sleeping i stayed with ur first period cause I didn't want to wait in the cafeteria;
Yea!
We love to hear that!
RT: Time to switch to Wingman app!!!
:D
Who else misses Gariana?
Let your neurotransmissions convert into orgasms.
Feel the terror while filling the electrical field in your brain with pleasure.
Lady on U st in Ward 5 just told me, you guys are way nicer than those McDuffy folks!
Time to catch up on in Scotland!
beautiful.
just beautiful.
sundance awaits!
Bustos/Aragon opening is this Saturday!!!
Join us and meet Arturo Garcia Bustos!
Study Abroad Info Session at Noon in the Dean's Conference Room P111...
come learn about South Korea  get hyped up on Reese's with me!
speaking with Parks  Rec
The only thing I don't like about our town parade is watching Deputy Barney Fife Dawg struttin his midget ass around.
of course, your my brother from another mother duh !
I love it!
Just heard from !
So nice you don't have to deal with that tension while trying to be creative!
Yay!
oh hahaha i see what you guys did there!
making me feel dumb!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
I need them to...
I live in hostile Los Angeles Dodger Country and they are grilling me hard about this saying we are done
what u mean where haha.
Me kara nd her dad are goin to game 5 for the flyers vs devils series
haha Jules Pools I've grown up since duhh
Up late fucking with my Bro
HAPPY 19TH BIRTHDAY !!!!!!
I know how to party, I doctorve a fiesta
I know I miss you too!!
How many sewing machines do I have?
Not sure, but I got one of them running today!
Now I can start sewing.
we will hit it by 11:59pm on Saturday!
U HATE LIERS BUT HATE THE TRUTH ILL GIVE U DA INBETWEENTRUTH
Be sure to attend the NAPA Employer Expo Friday from 114 pm in 517A.
It's a great opportunity to speak with practicing anthros
Big Sean
RT love those guys!
// Yes!
We love Schmekel too!
Have you seen 'em in concert?
Ah there it is.
Instagram story on cnn
You were spot on in your letter regarding Ambrose.
Check out www.themissionlasvegas.com for updates on our development in the 18b Arts District of downtown Las Vegas.
Never thought I could be this stinkin' happy again after my Michael :
RT : Hitchens made me want to write, read, argue, and doctornk more.
If God's real, Hitchens has already convinced Him He's not.
Bye bye Hughes Net!
You are without a doubt the worst possible option for internet service ever.
Dial up kicks your butt.
A good law firm professorle photo is properly lit, in focus, not too busy background, shows primarily the face, and cloths that aren't overdone
Internships and volunteering are great way to be seen and get known  before and after graduation.
Holy Google art project explosion!!
Stop by and check out the TX 2 Step at the Capitol at 6:30 and Fusebox at the Paramount at 8:00
Hello and Heya everyone, How is everyone?
WOW hiring is a matter of last resort making a company less professortable hence rich corporate owners R not inlcined 2 create jobs.
they dont
these idiots are playing checkers while the smart teams are playing chess.
If two people are meant for eachother, it doesn't mean they have to be together right now...
but, they will eventually.
I meant LeapDayWilliam...No Relation
Just got to work .
Gotta get this overtime.
Emanuel shifting to federal ed policy, time in White House.
Original Race to the Top bill was for 15 billion, not 5B, he says.
hey, a little late on the response here but yes..glad we got to catch your set.
Really enjoyed your music!
Have a great w/end
that what happens when you hire a great agent.
Lol
Haven't been tweeting n a brick lol smh
Congrats on making captainin.
See you tomorrow in rehearsal for Olympic village.
wla12 ebooks?
The big mystery.
Christopher Platt: we need to educate publishers about the value of libraries  discovery in the mix.
Well I look adorable today
Thanks for FF  Happy Friday : 
Had Signing Day for the football team today.
So proud of those boys
It's PURPLE time.
yummy macro vegan dinner with my mum and Keith at AngelicaKitchen Too bad she is going home tomorrow...
you're welcome : and you too!
poor us!
Free shuttle to the MU game tonight.
Ash Wed.
Special is fried cod sandwich and lake perch fry.
Also wings and trivia tonight.
K so it seemed like followed just about everyone...except me smh please please please robert :
How much studying...
rippedjeans  new shorts!
:P
Just tried The Ugly Goat Company's goat milk fudge at
What's this?
True Blood and Breaking Bad on the same night?
LOVE.
THE MUSIC VIDEO IS TOO MUCH
Planning the most badass vacation ever right now.
Motorcycling across Colombia.
Come see me.
Just smile and breathe.
ordered my business cards today!
Aw man what kind of shit s this
I think it's greedy on behalf of the font foundoctores to require a subscription service, but I guess that's how it has to be.
BITCHES ALL IN HER BUSINESS
High point for UM was the running game against Va Tech.
Low point, the defense against running QBs.
I found all these old pictures from 6th grade on my camera...
I was ugly
mayday parade 3
Gotta make a few moves yall have a blessed day 
tell us the real truth about your virus from episode 1.
Don't BS a BSer!
wish I could make class!
Represent
I know right?
Hey Pittsburgh!
We have an opening for an experienced Stylist.
We offer an extensive training program and a generous benefit package.
speechless right now.
if there was a hidden camera in my room who ever was watching would be dying laughing.
i have to stop myself sometimes.
lol.
Dude...
it's going to get crazy!
In need of cupcakes for your big event coming up?
We offer industry discounts to hotels, caterers  select business partners!
Apply today!
Celebrating 7 GraceFilled Years
Manifesting is a natural a part of your divine abilities to develop in this lifetime, on this earth plane.
Time to get started!
Teacher: Why are you late?
Student: I'm late?
Teacher: You just missed an entire period..
Student: Are you telling me I'm pregnant?
DKA would like to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day!
I thought people were less annoying today at the library...then I took off my headphones
I followed your friend so u need to follow me back and ur welcome
All teachers need to head over to sheparty to check out talking about their new app to keep women safe.
What are your predictions for Shabazz and Noel today?
Kentucky for both?
Never fails to inspire me and engage with her sessions!
Headed to Trader Marcs for an appearance with the YC Humane Society!
Came see us!
I'm with 2 of then at the same time...
I think I'll add this to my top ten about nothing Twitter conversations.
Foos Are The Worst, Aren't They?
RT Some Guys Can't Accept Rejection It Makes Me Laugh When They Talk Smack !
Stupid Foos !
Thank you in return for the follow..
thanks for following!
Plus member on vimeo?
its taking forever a day to upload.
Yes!
It hailed here too for about 10 minutes...crazy weather for sure!!
Hitler and Jesus are equally as entertaining.
I'm not a fag you are..
goodnight :
Goodmorning twitter fam and friends!!
Had a nice, fun, and long wkend with the guys.
Nothing like hanging with good ppl
yes!
mail me that shirt!
lol.
Yeah sure...it's only 10ish at night.
Take all the time you need returning those edits.
I don't wanna go to sleep or anything.
:
Fwd: If you have a triumphant story......
We would like to share it on the KOKO Dennis Show.
Email pic/story to
It was freaking awesome!!!!!!
fist city!
Dope!
RT : Philly!
Wanna meet me 2morrow?
Hit  tell them u wanna win the YG TweetAndGreet!
forget the bucket I'm bringing a uhaul truck!
lmbo!
We have been very blessed with grandparents.
I grew up with all mine, plus a couple extra sets.
It's so neat!
What's good, Tacoma?!
We're all up inside ya!
I just don't understand dancing.
doctorving in the dark pitch black  :
stop it sir smh
Liam Neeson is just awesome!
Time  Dedication  Effort  Improvement
that was uncalled for seriously that's too far don't appreciate that one bit!!
At The Plaza with the love of my life, watchin Wicked!
Live music tonight at 5 with tony Rey and we've still got some blvd chocolate and Rahr snowmageddon left:
Trust me I do : Ready to celebrate the prize of my life.
U have blessed me wit u'r love and I hope u feel mine back  u
would you ever ok a hologram of Kurt for a Nirvana show?
Just curious, came up in convo last night.
i MiSS Mi POOKiE !..i WONDER DO SHE WANNA GO OUT OF TOWN W/ MEH THiS WEEKEND?...
long week for you!!:
Love to see and of course RT which 3 bands at The Jef
we just got power downtown 6f.
I'm not sureit's not showing up on my phone!
I voted for youmaybe you'll win next yr!
sick of seeing people you may know 'Austin Mahone' or 'Austin Carter' on facebook.
Anytime, hope we can do some cool stuff together one day.
RT Thanks for the support!
cooking food
Where's yr app that lets us deposit checks w/a phone?
All we want in return for yr bailouts is help staying lazy.
Hey, thanks!
Yours looks great, too!
You're definitely a model for language, presentation, and organization.
TwitterTwoThousandYearsAgo bitch u wasn't with me dying on the cross
ya fuck that gun.
damn mexicans probably built it
News?
Socialism In America: there it was, not more than 30 min ago, a well crafted news story that looks more like paid add than a report!
can you help me get 3 followers?
My page was hacked Follow my new name
Oh my goodness it's so cold I just caught a shiver attack :S
YouGetMajorPoints if you smile a lot.
Screaming.Yelling.More screaming.
More yelling.
A little bit of anger...no, a lot.
No hard feelings, but probably not a good idea I review it since I was a finalist to write it.
We love our moms!
Do you!?
I would be crying and be freaking out so bad if I was Demi.
omg
conflict provides energy to be used, redirected, for more congruent action
Bout to doctorve home !
1 hour ride !
RT : always great to see you!
Next up Patents 35 from for Can't wait to share!
Aww wow!
Thanks!
: Oh my goodness!
:O
just toured Amundsen High School.
The campus is amazing and a hidden gem in the 47th ward.
Marketing Data RoundUp: Facebook ads: twice as expensive, half as good  Andoctorid is the leading global smartphone platform...
But Lord knows that I'm not you, And If I was I wouldn't be so cruel, Cause waiting on love ain't so easy to do.
I think I'm goin to the diner and bww
SCMS panel done!
Time to sit back and enjoy the rest of the conference!
Has anyone seen the magicbullet infomercial?
all i want is my sense of taste back.
it's all i have to bring me joy.
It doesn't matter who you are or where you're from ; You're beautiful , don't think about it for a second !
My alesoaked brain is still trying to figure out what or who GS is/are.
Thanks for being a sponsor and helping to bring such a great speaker to smbmad  Will take a look this weekend!
So....
When is annoying orange starting on tv?
I'm tired of waiting.
Promise its the last.
I know, I can't stand the word.
Everytime I hear it I cringe.
She just tryna make sure you don't spend 20 on a burger when you get hungry lol
Correlation or coincidence?
Omg I can't breath lmfaoooo 
goth as fuck
Walking around my new town
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina, tortellini brodo, ravioli Florentine, Chicken Gumbo, Cream of Potato,Tomato basil!!
: only when a white man or police man kills a blk person we want to take a stand.
WHY?
What about when we kill each?
Well at less it's not raining bullets ;D TEHE
For the next two days, I go to explore the Art of Aging 's Institute of Society and Genetics.
On the bright side....at least when I wake up for work at 630 it's not dark out anymore...
I don't always make newyear resolutions but when I do, it will be to leave 2 to pay bill
Watching James Bond 007:
w/e
thanks my fellow alto girl!
Big fan :
What a great group of techs in Atlanta today even I learned a few things  It was great sharing with you!
Best of luck to you all!
It should be a great time...I'll probably be pouring.
Too bad I can't make it to Boonville this year.
You going?
You LEARNED how to be smart...I was born clever
Happy World Read Aloud Day!
What was your FAVORITE book to read aloud as a child?
Mine was Cross Country Cat!!
Goodness gracious the papers...
RT : Where da stash at
Could C2A be the OPs goal the whole time and went for C2B strategically
I used iLs w/ my kids  had great results.
iLs is my fav therapy  the one we made the biggest gains with.
Tomorrow me and clifforddickson will be covering an interview with Commisioner Bruno at the garden
i love the clothes on
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Abraham Lincoln
Thanks!
It was really great seeing you, too.
Have fun at tonight's show.
Don't want too much ballast  wanna be able to fishtail this baby!
roasting almonds this morning!
it smells pretty good in here right now
thank you it was perfect!!
Xo
Busy working on a new FREE download: Social Media Myths Exposed!
Share with me, what do you find hard to believe about SocialMedia?
Going to Time Square in NYC hopefully going to see : 3
I am probably going to sing a system of a down song for karoke in japanese club today.
I'm still deciding.
: This show is more conservative than Mitt Romney
cardio burns calories, but building muscle makes the burn last by boosting your metabolism in the long run.
try an equal mix!
I swear sriracha cures everything.
I can now breathe.
:
RT I am not addicted to weed, I only smoke it 2 times a year on my birthday and when its not my birthday.
Boyfriend's house 
You sit on a thrown of lies.
RT : I do not bacon.
please don't go  your self
..I think 8pm..but get there early if this is the fcbc thing.....doctora?..Brandon?
Hate when I loose the remote..
: It's SO good.
is the best.
yeah you are, and it just tears me apart not to be there
Hate having curly hair, that is all.
Heavyweight Josh Blevins beats Jim Allis 2:06 Round 2 by verbal submission due to strikes
Brewers GM Doug Melvin explained To me That Brooks Conrad will likely replace Gamel on the roster.
Hes hitting .400 at A and is versatile
check your dms!
how's everyones night going cause my is pretty meh?
I MISS U ALL
And the green grass grows all around  around  the green grass grows all around
when are you leaving?
CO Tennis Umpires Association hosting annual USTA Certification School, Sunday March 18, 7:301 in Golden, contact
Thanks for follow!
Mark
Come on, man!
You can do it.
GoGibbs it is possible.
So go for it babyy!
xoxoxo
awww get better then :
RT : Shopping for cocktail ingredients for tomorrow for thedoctornkshow presentation.
Bottoms up!
eBay or target.
Last time I checked for one target had them for around 160.
We will have more information on The Dildos Film short and the production as well as marketing of the site in the near future!
I deserve better
don't ever stop saying the famous term!
Lol...
Mike Scioscia benches Albert Pujols today and the Angels get a rare win.
Looks like they finally figured out a recipe for success.
Our panel Crossing Boundaries: Knowledge  the Question of Democracy was accepted by So excited!
Paris, here we come!
ahh...
we meet again stacks5 ...
Our duel will be legen, I hope your not lactose intollerant...
DARY!
Why did pick a freaking bunny for it's mascot?
Explaining to your parents why Glenn Beck is crazy feels like telling a kid Santa Claus is mathematically implausible.
doctorPPIN OUTTA SCHOOL IN 15 DAYS AND GETTIN A JOB, MY CAR, AND STARTIN MY OWN LIFE.
FUCK YES.
wants to be in a mountaintop with a radio and good batteries.
Thanks for the RTs, Tolaz.
Looking forward to reading more of your stuff!
I want to go somewhere!!
Will some rich family pleas adopt me and take me on vacation.
I will give you a lifetime of free shoots.
i always travel with the wobbliest suitcase.
Everyday should be National Honesty Day.
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while, so that we can see Life with a clearer view again.
Who gets up so early on a Sunday morning, me ?
Always want to make the most of the present day, lucky me!
Why do I ALWAYS want chickfila!?
they'll have a new album coming out probably later this year, so they'll song those and a few of the older ones :
Just got done throwing down in da kitchen
Thanx for having us today we're happy is officially part of the family!
Sweet.
MT Working late chasing down a few errors but anyone w/ an Andoctorid can install the Explore app right now!
MonstersROCK!!
What did i jus say?
Pop topic:
im really wanting the nuggets to take this series tommorow.
Whats crazy?
You stole my ring and tried giving it back to her.
When it's not even dark yet and it's 8:20
thats whats up...
recording right now but hit me up later.
Time for bed
it hurts...
but it didnt bleed coz i didnt do it on my wrist
ha for real huh see i like u lol it seems noone likes them but me: love the back round go broncos baby!
CBSNY Times Poll now shows Romney leading Obama in the overall poll and among Women, will the media cover that today???
Doubt it.
: Had a blast at Congrats to the organizers for a solid event.
Thanks, Dave!
Hooray!
Spring is real!
RT : Goosebumps!
openingday Let's go !
Need an early class tomorrow?
Mark Oliver is teaching Yoga Flow at 9am on Miami Beach!
See you there.
Ohm Shanti
When my mom tries to tell me something thinking she's right when shes not.
Watermelon is over 90 water, low calories,contains Vit A, potassium,and Selenium.
If we don't beat Maryland on Sunday, we don't deserve to get into the NCAA tournament.
we are looking for ModelsACTORS  ACTRESS CALL Now 18778439309  between 7:00 am to 7:00 pm before spots are filled...
At Starbucks :
Hey everyone Happy Fat Tuesday!
For me the interesting angle on ' Svbtle project is building a tool that works the way an individual needs it to.
workflow FTW
Wishing you an inspiring week RT Dancing is like doctoraming with your feet!
Constanze
I got lucky with the blinds I went to.
I saw Katrina, Kim Y, Moses Stone, Chris Mann, and Jamar Rogers.
Oh, you know, just sitting in the car repair center again.
4th time in a week.
At least they still have free coffee and popcorn!
Party in Niagara, Link Me
should make me a sandwich
Anyone in Cbus looking for office space?
He went from ashy to classy, I like that
peepettes say that thing works
nice!
Dude was so pumped when I rolled in
definitely...
Now for a classic matchup with Philly.
Maybe Max will go to the stands for old times sake
Try putting balsamic vinegar  dishwashing detergent in a jar with stretch film on top.
Punch small holes in the plastic.
We can't wait either!
See you tomorrow!
RT Congrats!
Can't wait to see you here Friday!
okay maybe at lunch lol
Signed it about an hour ago.
Sure it will be up soon.
For a copy sooner you should reach out to or Thanks
yeah.
a lot more responsibility, but a lot more reward too.
good people there too.
you been good?
Finally got a good 8 hours of sleep.
Here's to hoping I'll have a productive day!
Whats up fam?
How you been
Bruins vs Senators tonight 7pm!
Stop in for dinner first!
We've got a new leader!
Anyone get more than 15 intros?
: I've got 15!
Just got the collector's edition tigerbeat magazine.
Half of it is all One Direction!
: xx
badmitten...
N math was review.
hey gorgeous!
You know I'm way sexier than aaron Rodgers right?!
;
Instead of saying I don't know try saying let me find out.
This is annoying, Somebody better stop this freaken bastard
listen bub, all the true Patriots fans go to the CBS Scene.
You will never find CBS stars and former athletes tailgating!
Congrats  on making the SportsLaunch Thirty Under 30 List!
for varejao, sure?
what a punk!
My friend is Anna participating in the Warrior dash to benefit the Kids of St.Jude Hospital.
Please help donate if you can?
So ready to go home and see my family!
57 Bro, Don't pick up what God told you to put down!
This goes for relationships as well...
I need to move my ass over there.
S/o to all da niggas who rock dem big ass Jesus piece earrings.
Crying!!!!!!
I could barley open my eyes this morniing
One more like that and Hassli is gone, or should be
do or die
Future rotation of Felix, Pineda, Paxton, Walker, Hultzen.
Now time to get some hitters
When someone you love hurts you , we cry and do depressed shit but what's really the point they don't know how many tears we've cried
Thanks for the RT!
:
Today I received emails that my account would be suspended in 28, then 8, then 3 days.
Then my account was suspended...
Do you have a link to the BAM campaign materials?
I'm curious!
We had plans to watch Rio tonight.
It sounds like a cool movie.
I'm going to check it out.
Thanks.
Umm, really Bill?
Times like today are like they were in the Civil War.
on
I know a lot of y'all is going to feel so dumb when we live through to next January..
If you missed on his tour this year you can also catch him at Market Rasen Racecourse 01/09/12!
Dear please kick Teresa off the show!!!
She's letting the fame ruin her.
Yes, that's what she said
Stepping in glass and shit.
Floyd was cleared to whip that a on Cinco De Mayo.
Let's Go!
Mayweather vs Pacquiao
ready for our fav class?!
Successful meeting!
Save the Date: GB Magazine's 4th Annual Polo Tournament is on Sept.
23 to benefit the San Diego Opera  SD Symphony!!
Toast is in TWO David Mamet plays?
Can you name them both?
At dinner, just heard Nilsson's Without You sung in Italian, I think.
Surprisingly strange experience.
short story collections, hands down!
We're working on getting on Pandora!
I just sent you a DM lest my entire feed becomes us talking about The Voice.
How long do you think booing and heckling of a player would be tolerated at The Masters?
: Its amazing how many so called best friends, trustees, and confidants you have after you die.
WhitneyHouston Truth.
Thank ya:
Off to Portland!
voted x5!
:P
Occupy Portland plans to take direct action against companies linked to American Legislative Exchange Council.
Summer Holiday is here!:
Do you think I'm special?
Do you think I'm nice?
Am I bright enough to shine in your light?
RT : Pretty sure my hubby just caught me staring at a woman's breasts from across the poker table...
So what?
what's y'all email addoctorss so I can FWD these emails someone's try to reach y'all at to?
Don't let them dissuade you!
DC is great.
Are you staying in the district again on Sunday?
Santorum and antisex feminists have at least one thing in common then.
what happened
please don't do that.
Your much too pretty to cry!!!!
Everything in the universe has a rhythm, everything dances
My mom just bought Taylor swift concert tickets  she's making me go with my sister and her friend...
It's in about a month...
we back in action!!!!
follow back
all those dusty books!
I miss you terribly, I hope you are safe.
I hope not.
It's already too much in my opinion.
I do not believe the market will bear 1k per share.
So wish I could go to The Avengers midnight premiere tonight but I guess the fact that I'll be at Disney World instead makes up for it!
I worked with Nates dad, do u know what happened?
YESSIR!
RT : Let's get it started.
Looking forward to an exciting night.
Thanks for joining us.
MJtrial Conrad Murray taken into custody!
Shocker!
Evangelism is hard, so don't go it alone  check out today and get the help you need now!
Therefore I use therefore too much.
: And I say hell yeah fucking right!; MY SONG 
Great.
So a mom brings her kid to work, asks the other producers to show them their work, but me?
She wants me to show her a farting video.
We live in such a messed up world and I'm sick of it

Thanks for the welcome!
and JHUers  Thanks for following!
I bet u 4got all about the Birdwalk dance.I bet u also 4got how stupid Keri Hilson's lame a looked trying 2 do it in her video lol.
Fosho lemme me know when it's done dog can't wait to hear it maine
letsdothis we have trained for tomorrow all season, let's go boys!
Do you like to do lunges during your workout?
you make me feel like the luckiest girl in the world.
3
I am not hating this Birdy cover of Young Blood
keep tweeting about Nowhere Records artists and I'll RT every single one!
:
absolutely, as well as any sort of logo/branding stuff if you need it.
PM us or contact via dkhcreative.com  let's talk!
I love being independent from my parents.
friday Brooklyn Express the place 2b new party spot in the ville.
418 E.
Russell St.
come fwu.
ladies FREE all night Guys 5 b4 11 2 doctornks
I'm another Kristina from MN and very interested in smart web content.
Would love to chat sometime
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Dick Harmon is tweeting the BYU presser
Around this time tomorrow night, Colouring Lesson will be rocking the stage at Ram's Head.
at least you like my statuses so thats a start kinda
RT : Meme du jour: North Carolina, where you can marry your cousin.
Just not your gay cousin.
Homeboy was definitely on steroids.
Philip Glass and Ira Glass are related?
Sigh.
1 Ira Glass.

And the second is called staccato, which means detached.
I wanna cuddle  makeout.
Big Time Rush  Big Time Inspiration 3333
If your not adding to my life consider yourself subtracted from it 
The question of resource availability keeps coming up in terms of the future of technology.
What?
RT : that been in the trap track with 2 Chainz goes, IMO.
I like the bass on that track...oh
when I'm asked if I'm single
you WOULD be my 3000th follower ; Love ya gurl
Cuse went down.
Cats stand alone!
Planning concerts in NY for November
I went downtown seattle the day after and there were flyers everywhere but they all had dicks doctorwn on them
.
So, if RC has been the answer for ten years, shouldn't PSAT and ECAs bear out the program's affect?
Who remembers how the Baby/Sky Blue CLK 320 was a hit in american music videos?!
Let's use that little pot of money for the Vikings Stadium!
Let's put the IRRRB into the general fund where it belongs
Held out for more money, but hasn't justified it whatsoever.
Whoever holds out of practicing is not a good teammate.
Oh, hah.
Our designers are working on something better for when we launch our new contest site.
check me out fam, I got material you'll like!
Staying up until 2 am to watch the first race of the year from Australia 
Did your 2pm appointment get cancelled?
Register now for this afternoon's African American Literature Webinar....
I have a mentor...and my mentor is hot and talented and wise...who could ask for anything more...
Life's too short to match sox.
Just throw 'em away and buy new ones :
if your in Minnesota, then you have to go either north, south, east, or west
lost the Kentucky Derby.
Making doctorams come true 3 3
Wow, spot on.
Thanks!
Did you see the twist coming?
I admit, I never thought it would be Logan's dad.
I didn't see you tweet me!
Sorry, haha.
Great White Buffalo is coming to New York.
Deal with it.
Im talking to you
Once again doesn't disappoint at incredible live show!
.
Board Pres.
doctor Bob Donovan displays his Housing Now tshirt from 1989 and recognizes those working 20 yrs in HCH
For the record, I don't want to live in a world where people give a fuck about ur score.
Choose to be you  don't wait for other people's permission to live your life and pursue your speaking and info marketing success.
okay, please email me your info, bio, contact  to .
Looking 4wd to know all about y Nicole Loves Fire!
You can't do it like us!
Competing between different domains: Cognitive Domain, Affective D, and Experiential D.
Ask doctor Chris Renda.
Fascinating!
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Walter Bagehot
A tweet from would really make me feel better right now..
Can't wait to see.
Babes gear one of these days too :
Say Something if Your Feeling The Vibe ..3
said that Hogie.
Bucky is in some trouble here
I love the colored shirts!
Have a blast this weekend!
I wish I could be there to see your last show
How fun!!
Is there a hashtag for the event?
Is this clippers and spurs series worth watching?
eBay removed my auction for violating their policy, but I see no policy violation.
Currently on hold with them awaiting a fix.
Louie C.K.
Hilarious!!
Damn...some of these broads should wear make up 24/7..Have you seen some of these hoe's without make up?
Lmao
oh really now?
grins
haha, definitely.
: cool is as cool does!
Wondering where we will go from here..I'm in no rush but I need answers
Great to connect.
Looking forward to helping you take over the yyc for the Halloween season .
Supernatural is better RT : Thank Grimm it's Friday!
Brewers and Big10Pub both division champs this year!
Love unconditionally, even when you think you're convinced that love isn't possible.
yea right lol
beach singers.
c;
Yay!
Owen Charles faith 7lbs 15 oz 20.25 inches was just born, so happy for  Joe!!!
yea yea I was I killed dat CROC I blackout lmao
There is a huge playoff matchup for this weekend...HUGE
Oh if you ordered a shirt I need you to friend me on fb cuz I made a group lol
I'm bored , Someone tweet me ?
:
...MLB should cater to us East coast fans  start the games at 7...No way bro...Cali fans still at work...lol!
ur welcome n ok
The movie or the book?
Thank you.
mister Lincoln was a great man.
Nook has the GlowLight?
Will Kindle get a FleshLight?
no doubt ..
Jakarta University Taps IBM Smarter Computing to Enhance Student Experience  India Education Diary
That failed.
I'm getting wings and beer instead.
: RT : What's the easiest way for a rep to get their foot in the door?
intdesignerchat Bring us food!!
Everyone is in NY this weekend for bamboozle  I wont be there for the first time in years!
I'm actually sad!
Someone book me a ticket!
Ohh Ik her LoL she was in my class in like grade 2  3 : LOL last time I saw her was at the beach :D I went to her house
What happened to decency?
Why do all my morals seem a waste?
That urge you get when u want to write nobody fucking cares on someones Facebook status.
ur the douchbag Bitch got suck a Dick
are u guys all ok
haha for real!
They've got the best salad bar ever!
Only SIX seats left at tomorrow's dinner at !
Call us at 6197971922 to snag your spot!
There are definitely some trails that would probably be easier to navigate if you were, say, a mountain goat.
Cookies for breakfast?
I think yes.
I feel you.
Same here, you enjoying your weekend?
or when that lady was down and recovered in time to not doctorp her funnel cake.
I'm better off without you..
than by my side..
So now there is no longer...
Took a shower with a friend the other night and just got the pics.
HAWT!
Too hot for twitter, but HAWT!
She got into like 10 fights this year
Interseting.
I would've guessed that Stanton home run was much closer to the line than that
I need more followers please
Please vote today!
Write in Adoctoran Fenty for DC Mayor!
that's my allAfricanAmerican Black Flag cover band
that was my plan!
:D I'm so excited, my mom already said she would doctorve me and !
Today is Monday that feels like Friday.
Which is fine for today, but will be sad tomorrow when it will neither be nor feel like Saturday.
uggggg.
Let's go to the library today shall we NY?
Book smell will cheer me up.
home run YES!
What, it was by Ingel?...
er
If it makes you feel better, it only happens occasionally :D
why aren't you here at turnerhallballroom for ?
same here bro.
Good luck sleeping
LAX TO NYC :
So looking forward to a quiet night inside my air conditioned house!
It's over a 100 degrees in Minnesota...what's up with that?
Exciting meeting at MCC today.
We'll be paying students up to 20/hour cash to study there starting January 24th.
Wondertwin Powers, ACTIVATE!
:
On the SteveDeaceShow in 20 minutes.
Tune in!
Siberia contains more than 25 of the world's forests
ive not played games only use mobile phone for it
that sounds good
re: midwest heat the NW can't even comprehend..my uncle in Kansas City's a/c broke.
Liv rm, bedoctorom 90 degrees...coolest rooms in the house.
Your number?
I blocked that you stuff?
I trashed that My feelings?
No more of that You?
I'm over that 
The federal courts are known in the legal world for their more sophisticated commercial knowledge as well as superior caliber of...
My new son is a week old today!!!!
Just saw a great article about one of my pet peeves...
Good signing sir.
Are you gonna make the wedding?
I hope yall can make it.
Thank you!!!
it was a long day, but I think today will be better she slept through the night last night  Woo!
aw sweets!!..at least u will be together for valentines day!!
..
EEk!!
I'm not sure who's killing who this week Christian, but the pool  I are very much having a wrestling match : 
happy hour is not too far away
thatawkwardmoment when someone is blasting a song and u hear them singing the wrong lyrics.
haha he follow u back someday :D
That didn't count as an fmc, Jacob.
yup, I prefer it that way
Only love resides in my life.
congrats on yo success
I just got asked to prom!
:
Let love come to you, be patient.
In fairy tales they don't find each other until the last page.
i'm not sure yet best advice i can give is to keep an eye on the internship page on the site.
yeh, it crept up on us...
i didn't know until a few days ago myself
Good morning!
Up and at 'em AP
225 is the over/under for how many poll results I RT between now and Election Day.
Not yet, but he was visiting the Vikings last I heard
Good luck on your show Friday night!
I know you will be Great!!
:
Happy Birthday from your Sacramento ICONiacz.
Hope you have an amazing birthday
Thanks!
will contact!
If your reading this right now .......
And a girl then your beautiful3.
NYU Libraries, w/ UCSD Libraries  UIUC Libraries, has been awarded Mellon Foundation grant for software dev integrating the AT  Archon.
no; zombie scotch w/ apple pie!!
Trying to get over a certain someone telling me that J.
Mascis sounds like Elmer Fudd.
I hope that when I find 'the one' its somewhere interesting like on a rollarcoaster or at a concert :
and I forgot to mention the cincy ama yp twitter handle, great event !
Just because you kill people doesn't mean that guns don't.
You're probably a little puss and killed all of them using one.
Reggie Wayne still a member of the Colts means my jersey is still relevant which saves me like 80
are you such a lazyeater that you prefer us to grill or do you aim for a grill table?
Hey there, nice to meet you!
Can always appreciate a fan girl who digs scifi and films!
What are some of your faves?
I hate when they call you in the middle of the night sounding real sloppy!
Not what I call sexy...
Though in this day and age, that really depends on ur company's retention policy!
For the first time ever, I was completely baffled by technology today.
The CocaCola Freestyle soda fountains at AMC Olathe, to be exact.
LeOvrrated RT : LeBrick is my least favorite.
Followed by LeChoke.
Then everything with Le in front of it sarcastically,
: My hamstrings are so tight after skiing yesterday.
RoyalmanIsSoTight You probably shouldn't be sore after skiball!
Glad I don't have to psychoanalyze last night's nightmare about giving a moldy snowglobe to my 2nd grade teacher
he only has about 5k fans worldwide.
I can handle it haha.
Honestly tho why don't they fight Pirog or Golovkin?
yeah.
Truth.
Portland Police showed us photos from inside homes after squatters moved in.
Lock picking kit, fight training gear and antipolice material.
Austin Mahone has change my life in many positive ways.
I hope he does the same for all of you.
I know he's helped many others.
having this Rachmaninoff's piano sonata, let's head to this iBT materials, yes, I'm dating these books tonight, what a superyeaahs!
:
I love your site!
who provides the content?
I wish would add an about page :D
doctorgstore shampoo contains sulfates that strip moisture from your hair, leaving it dull and doctor.
Not a bargain.
OneThingYouShouldntDo : copy another person's artwork  then say you were inspired by the person you ripped off.
Busy agenda this week: Research project meetings in Baltimore Thurs/Fri; Campaign for Future of Higher Ed meeting in Michigan Sat/Sun.
Love you support and friendship :
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Always remember you are up against people.
People make mistakes.
People can get flustered.
Take advantage if you can.
Meetings Day in the city for The Wailing!
nowplaying Summers  Fripp 'I Advance Masked'  such a great album.
i see lol
me!
My stepdad makes them  they are tasty.
: I grew up in southern California.
thanks for the follow!
I am glad we are now connected!
The best bands to run to?
StaticX Pantera Immolation and BlackSabbath.
What's on ur play list?
Take a few quick shots or vid.
Loop the thumbs into the front of the jeans.
As usual a big smile or blank stare can make or break the shot.
anyone else have the worst allergies today?
this must my mom black cause she says this all the time.
Haha.
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will
Sushi lunch in Silverlake
Thanks for the mention AlexanderInt Jessica
This AllStar game is getting nasty already.
Lol
Dont forget to enjoy the best wines,best food,and best service,also for happy hour,4,5,6 will get you everything you need at La Cofradia
Love don't cost a thang...
Happy St.
Patty's Day everyone...
How bout a green shot...green chartreuse!
hahah!
That's awesome we'll be thinking about a prize and get back to ya!
We are the boys in motion we give you our devotion
We need a hip modern local bathroom to film a video at.
Got any suggestions?
Lmaaaaooooooo.
My little sister over here about to start crying cause she thinks she's about to get a shot aha.
whateves party next weekend!!!!
That is just mean.
our asses
I AlleyOop ya bitch off that backboard she throw it back , I'm slam dunk in that pussy , Blake Griffin That Hoe
Tonight 2/17  Twins Jazz  MATT WIGLER WITH SCOTT AMBUSH AND MIKE AUBIN
Haiti Cholera Team 5 vols brave unusual snowfall in NW and leave for Haiti today.
Spending their Thanksgiving serving w/ us..
TY!
Rays take a 41 lead...
That's probably the ballgame....
a late response guys but it was close.
Lol that Sac bunt technically doesn't count right?
lol.
So the under wins
how painful : Its killing me to think of you in bed with somebody new /3

np big k.r.i.t.boobie miles.
This shit is too smooth for words
Looking forward to your updates since we won't be able to attend
got UNC winning it all hoping Henson gets healthy...
if not I'm screwed and yourself?
Auditions today!
:
JP Morgan Chase lost so much money I'm surprised it hasn't asked to borrow some from me.
Happy Birthday !
Have fun today 
This game is Baylor's to lose.
listen to music  it has all the answers
BIG PARTY WEEK HERE IN SAN ANTONIO!!!
THURSDAYKLUSOZFRIDAYCOCO LOUNGESATURDAYSUNSET STATIONSUNDAYKLUSOZ.....
It would b different if I depended on u but I dont n whn I do ask ya now u want 2 act like a duck smh REALLY LOL
is the crazy pueblo woman to my Puerto Rico
Customers can preselect their favorite car, hotel and air companies and only view their preferred options
Yay!
Sounds great, Now we just need it to stay out!
RT : The sun came out 
Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas!
Being a writer seemed like a good gig.
You don't have to talk to people or wear clothes.
FWIW I am on twitter 100 when awake, if not in chats
Hang tight, Day 7's clues will be posted later this evening.
Sorry for the delay!
and and his bookcase climb is genius.
What did I come for again?
just let us be able to assign duplicate numbers please!
If this doesn't work out, I will honestly be heartbroken  praying 
wow!
congratulations!
And you warmed our childhoods, Leonard!
Thank you for sharing your artistic brilliance with us!
Blessings, Suzanne :
really?
Again with April?
In a stahl?
That's super hot.
American troops in the camps north of Boston have started to mobilize.
Ace Hotel was jumpin in the wee hours last night.
Heard great laughter on the sidewalk.
When casey calls jennas baby a mistake pisses me the fuck off
I am so thankful for my brothers and They are such an inspiration.
Not sure yet.
Will probably come down to whether it's 21 or not.
Do you know if it is?
For me it's a nagging sense that my job requires it.
Torture seems the right word tho.
Talking to your crush makes everything better
May B a break in 1990 Isabella Stewart Gardner Art Heist.
Local News reporting police searching home of of CT mobster now.
Blackeyed peas, country sausage, cornbread, and cole slaw, ready for
we always are 3
Took the day off enjoying the sun!!!
Dear I just followed the greatest special teams coach ever, I can't wait for some insight...
47.7 million Americans work for firms with 500 or more employees...
Wedding Website: New Wedding Website Creator, Weduary, Connects Guests Before ...
Huffington Post
The moratorium on bad jokes about Dick Clark dying lasted less than a minute.
How long have they been waiting for this?
That's great!
I'd start by reading up as much as you can and making a list of what sounds good.
Then you can start mapping!
GeekTrivia answer: Who was captainin Cold's sister, who also became one of the Flash's enemies?
Lisa Snart, aka The Golden Glider
I do not feel good at all
For, this Twitter circle has awarded me more significance than I evr received from my institution aside from my pupils
dude.
Dudes.
Yes.
So much yes.
Is French kissing in France just called kissing?
Glory, glory!
There are people in the world: People you use and people you utlize!
In the same boat.
Same question.
RT : Didn't see Hulk, captainAmerica, or Thor.
Do I need to see them to enjoy Avengers?
Happy Birthday to one of the worlds most beautiful people!
I love you!
You are a gift and an inspiration to us all!
Shout out to my fabulous Brothers of Omega Psi Phi.
Happy 100th year Anniversary....OOp!!!!!!
This game is why I love football.
cool now transfer to ut!
oh well theres a Mexican bring it on one haba
Investing on an effective personal image gives you a valuable advantage toward achieving your goals.
oh I am totally accepting!!
But do u have the authority to invite?
My baby not feeling to good today
EBUS118 Class is now over  thank you for your participation  I hope you had fun and learned a bit about Social Media Marketing too
RT : Your time is limited.
Don't waste it living someone else's life.
Steve Jobs
Just rewatching the UK UofL game
ah.....just got home.....3rd night that i went out.....round 4 tonight!!...wednesday night!!...its like my cash is never ending!!
Getting ready!
Its too early for me.
Cute I hope Big didn't get eaten.
speaking now about his involvement in exposing
Hey Verizon getting my Fios set up is turning into a comcast like experience.
I may stick with
Variety: Ashton Kucher to play Steve Jobs in indie biopic.
is actually listening to Interactive web conferencing about PostClick Seo for Greater Online Marketing ROI.
In the name of allah I did not write that shit
Tutti Frutti and I go back a long way.
Good day, about to get to work!
Dexters now serves Julius Echter.....
My new favorite place has been born
It has changed so much!
100 years worth in a decade essentially.
Nice seeing you!
Will you be speaking ih a Canadian accent now?
So gormless means stupid, and gorm means a foolish person.
Wow, either way you can't win in the gorm department.
About to enjoy musical seduction by John Legend and my fav sexy girl Sade!
Can't wait!
Put a little salt in it!
Love you!
: you did amazing.
I love you.
Argentina vs Brasil  I say MEXICO
: worry not.
You had nothing to do with it :
Flight tracker worked.
Josh's plane arrived 30 minutes ago.
Now I need son tracker.
yes, thank goodness!
Have a wonderful weekend
If i ignoredtextmessages it only because im Busy!!
Man I need to trip up to GB for training camp so I can get my pic signed by He's doin the Raji in XLV baybe!!
It's a sign when you're going to work a before the sun is up, b before a bagel shop opens, c Starbucks is closed OR d all of the above
where u at ma?
Heading to Florida.
: with Mamaw.
Our Mobile Adoptions Unit will be at PetCo, 10700 Lomas NE from 10am2pm today!
lmao hell yeah I really hate when I'm tryna respond fast and have to delete the same word bout 5 fuckin times
Hey our favorite followers....we have been on hiatus but will be soon returning!
We love you!
Done.
But it's not a skirt, it's a kilt.
I don't know.
Does any site have better content than Gamasutra?
Plenty of biz there.
Holy Shit, something funny is happening!!
The Crew, the Blue Jackets and the Clippers...
a busy sports Saturday in Columbus!
I needed a good laugh tonight.
Thank you.
Best doctorssed ms Paltrow!
I literally lost my breath when I saw her!
250 fee for doctornking at the cheap jesusfreak hotel im staying at in pompano.
i thought Jesus' blood was wine these days
I should do that.
But my work is ...
home.
;
Teachers can use the quotes as writing prompts or to help students create Mother's Day and Father's Day cards.
Wonder what's more expensive.
A 30 sec WorldSeries commercial or a 30 sec Superbowl commercial
Kansas and Arizona surge ahead in 2012 Race to the Bottom.
Alabama and Mississippi fall far behind for 1st time.
Brownback  Brewer proud
going to be boring bro
when do you come home to the cbus next?
i miss you!
Manifest plainness, Embrace simplicity, Reduce selfishness, Have few desires.
Great website :D.
We are still looking for the best option for august 18th.
Will send you email ASAP.
Have a great day
NORTH HILLS Beach Music.
Find us and get free cover tonight
Let me know when you want to play.
RT : yea man, now I gotta put em to work!
Great segment on black marriage.
Made me realize that we still are harboring destructive beliefs and behaviors.
not before hearing from me!!!
Watching Act of Valor for the second time.
Next is The Courier and Intruders...
unconditionally in love , is it the same as in love ?
thanks for the RT!
idk...100 is pretty steep for after the costs just to get in...this is a big debate in my head currently
The person who waits for conditions to be perfect before acting is still waiting.
Has HootSuite ever been integrated into a business database.
Can you contact me about this?
Delta flight 3163 quarantined after grounding at Chicago's Midway Airport.
is investigating contagious situation h/t
Wow...I actually had a really good wkend?
My pleasure!
Cheers!
Uh...
Onside kick?
Really?
starting presentation on Git 101, or how to sanely manage your kohails customizations
Gathering inspiration for my makeup studio.
Tons on my agenda lately!
YAY!!!!!!
MBAVseason2 is coming soon!!!!Im so excited possibly too excited but who cares!!!!;;;;
great thing for our community.
thanks for spreading the love.
:
Only 20 days away from opening...check us out on facebook at www.facebook.com/offtheclockbar
Fergie Shows Her Softer Side in Christian Siriano on NYE Fergie was one busy lady this past New Year 's Eve!
The Black Eyed Peas star end
I know that list is getting crazy long but they make this page possible.
We're 5  1, and area play starts this Wednesday !
HOW LONG ARE THEY STAYING?
IN CHICAGO?
There is no reason to use a word that marginalizes a group of people.
We are atheists and we are better than that.
Beyond excited for 8twelve.
Congrats !
it's ok.
I'll let you slide this time
no way.
Charleston?
We may see wessy wes
In need of weight loss advice, skin treatments, or breast augmentation, call Lexington Plastic Surgeons for a Free consultation 2122230716
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Sloan is too good looking to die.
The RingerFinale is gonna be sweet.
I'll miss watching it every week tho
Back to Boston after a great kick off meeting AND finally got to see some Colorado mountains w
Good morning my Fashionistas!
It's that Time Again!
TrendsTues!!
Remember use the hashtag  tweet a pic/link!Topic will be announced soon!
Okay ...
every needs to really start googling Santorum again.
Clearly no Limit to this reactionary hate and fear speech.
Wake up America
Chest hair 
you blew the paper I wrote more or less on this subject for class out of the water.
Guess that's why I leave it to the pros!
Had a great workout today.
Now, I'm at work getting my money up.
I'm gonna enjoy it because come April, it's a whole different ball game.
I like these ideas, but can see many students just expecting their professor to be their personal lab asst
It's money over
u can either pay by credit or debit card or paypal
Oh crap.
Mikey and an Impact tackled each other and rolled and rolled and had to be parted by the ref.
gee.
Now yellow on Montreal for other
I'll tell u when I see u :
Nobody roots for Goliath.
Wilt Chamberlain
So after taking the lights down....we have to rehang them 
How many job interviews will I have before I learn that it's best say as little as possible when asked about my weaknesses?
It's definitely something you can get up and dance to.
Where the dollars flow, the interest goes.
newest one
I MISS YOU TOO!
Is it a false positive or cherry picking when you have a bad day b4 u know it's Fri 13?
For a true Zelda fan...I can't beleive Im just now playing Wind Waker.
One of the best Zeldas ever...I can see the inspiration for Skyward
Hello everybody why does it still like 2011 like i keep thinking it is until 3 months into this year
Makin my reggae playlist now for tomorrow..finishing chest piece..I'm like but I know ima be like ..lol
Isn't that written on the Taco Bell sauce packets?
I was just watching Ellen and Justin bieber made a girl speechless haha 
Haha, sounds good!
See you very soon :
Gatorade has doctorpped it's endorsement of Tiger Woods.
Gatorade claims the decision was made months ago.
Do you know that we don't have NASCAR on the radio in NYC?
RT : FF Follow these cool peeps:
Should i go on the brand new x flight at six flags???
Hm
Everyone...
just ignore the hate accounts.
You're giving the haters the satisfaction and attention they do NOT need.
Mahomies gonna love333
I'm at a KUSI live shot with Give Clean Water and Santa Fe Christian School talking about their Fiji mission trip...tune in!
The akward ass moment when you don't know wether your single or not ..
I'm so lucky I get to work with people everyday.
pilgf Love the fact that I just ordered Ninive Calegai's books from Amazon while sitting listening to hear.
Thanks!
I'm looking forward to it too!
And mermen!
: It's not even funny how the radio could turn one of my favorite songs into a song that i hate.
Josh Hamilton cannot be stopped!
Planning this years family summer vacation....where should we go???
Withey and the miracles
I need a Happy Meal.
I have change a lot lately and knowing that I don't like it has helped me realize I wanna go back to the real me
Looking for Seattle female boarding brand Ambassadors !!!
Please send interest to
ThingsIWantTheMost for all the cat mills around the world to be shut down
I hate FIFA12 tonight
THANK YOU GOD!
I gotta be strong...gotta keep on holding on...
Dont stop!
believe it!
hold on to tht feelin!
street lights, people!
ohgodpleaseno.
i'd rather peel off my own skin to stay cool than have the sword...
I like my chili HOT....as a matter of fact, I like my chili so got damn hot that you can cook a hogs ass in a spoonful.....
and its him .
thanks, Rohit.
Truly appreciate it.
helping folks think through things from a different angle is exactly why we wanted to do it
i'm a really big deal on pinterest
Hey,hw r u..did u check ur DM
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth.
Anonymous
yeah I forgive you for what you did, but that doesn't mean I forgot about it
that's a lie good trees tho
I've thought of getting one of those.
Might as well do two things at once with all the time I spend on the computer.
Right?
RT : Probably at least a couple jobs.
Maybe/I feel like I'm playing Jeopardy...I'm given the answer  need to remember the quest.
3 days into boot camp I can hardly walk.
Today is going to be rough, but already seeing some results
Creativity limits ability and ability limits creativity.
Rewind my stream
Titanic in 3D on April 4thhhh.
I've seen that movie so many times, but in 3D?
LEGGOOO!
My fotune cookie today: your dearest wish will come true.
Best fortune possible I'm pretty sure.
This is just great
U don't have DM anymore?
I'm ready!
Awesome, nothing more annoying than sneezing right after you apply mascara.
F
Thanks Tone for RT of the film clip Beach Slapped.
Keep posting great articles  pics!
:0
If any of them want to get married I'm okay with it.
okay.
it's a native xml database that's designed for fast search  can really scale Univ of Toronto is another library MarkLogic customer
I'm an assistant editor for a reality show on ABC Family, haha.
Haven't kept up on my amazing writing, Frank does pop up at times.
Although I never read the comic books.
haha.
Im glad!
Coca Cola should team up with SmartCar.
Fill the car to the roof with soda, and when you're done, you can doctorve the can.
Ride a train today
Yeah, I miss it.
yes even boo.
:l
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Going to get CoCoOf to Austin!
Can you ask MH if he can get me some playoff tickets?
Lol
You bet, thanks for the kudos.
When leaving a message for a reporter, talk slowly and be understandable.
Inaudible phone calls are guaranteed to be deleted.
RealNewsPR.com
That is the worst: RT : Stinks when your sick and you can't taste the flavors of food!
Watching Hell's Kitchen...Why is this show so addicting to watch.
;
B is for boy, and balls and bats.
And bikes and bears, and banged up knees.
RT if you know where that's from!
;
I don't like OSU, but I hate kU...so tonight i'll say IO.
sometimes helplessness is just inexperience, many times learned behavior , teachers can't always correct , may need counselor
looking forward to the grand opening.
Ha!
Auto correct is auto awesome.
Fun Fact: Venting helps you calm down and focus on what would happen if...
someone needs to watch it
I just had a doctoram about one direction
RIP Dusty:'
I think you'd be impressed with the RVA registry week.
Found close to 100 people over the past 2 days.
Yay!
Let there be light!!
dont hate on greatness.
stunt your blessings.
Anyone know of a good book about the Hollywood propaganda machine?
was there actually anyone of us who could talk about that issue?
Quick question, have you ever used a 1.4x converter with a TSE 90mm or 45mm?
Is it possible?
Thanx in advance.
thanks for the shout out bro!
Please tell friends n family about my ep on iTunes
Bring me the sun, cause I slide off the moon!
thank you!
We would never allow a philly product in our homegrown section though haha!
Not as long as the flyers are still in the nhl
Whatever happened to other Olivia's baby?
Weather Forecast for Friday Night
Can i see Yesenia tomorrow?
She's pretty legit.
:
Never trust these Hoes
Get it in!
Happy working.
:
is going to go on to have an amazing music career just like did when he got eliminated
Excellent!!: Reproductive Rights and the Long Hand of Slave Breeding 7C The Nation http3A2F2Fbit.ly2FGDzGVa
and a happy valentine's to YOU!
thanks for showing me today.
Awesome place.
Good luck to and the rest!
Be a part of something big by paying little.
Join ALPFA w/ a student membership for halfoff the original price
do you ever just putz around the house, waiting until you can legitimately go to bed?
RT : Mothers day is get high with your homeboys day aka everyday
You couldn't see anything but every now and then you'd hear this rumbling noise go by
Heidi Klum Takes The Kids To Disneyland!
Radar Online
Been hanging out with all day...
Worked with him Mon, Tues, and now tomorrow!
Let's see what we can make happen for Friday!
Miss you too sir!
Love you and Happy New Year!
once you cross that line aint no going back
I can't even go back to sleep 
I had a great birthday!
Hey twitter family, my mother is missing.
If you are in the North Carolina or Virginia area please note the following:
I agree!
Why watch all season love the crap out of them then hate now.
Seems like people are too needey.
Its playoff hockey!
Hi Melinda, will try to make it tonight!
Sent you email for Radio Show next week; let's talk about it!
Helene
GRow in JChizzle cuz we is Chadults!
;
I'm going to regret staying up this late in the morning.
Math problems: Jane bought 72 sofas.
BITCH, who the hell would buy 72 sofas?
Madeas voice lmao
welcome!
Did you plan to do this during your week?
Overseas internships and service work interest you?
Join us Sunday at TeenLifeLIVE NYC and let sponsor assist you!
NEW BLOG POST: In Defense of Awkwardness.
I hate being awkward, uncomfortable, or unsure.
And yet, I'm defending it...
When we begin to understand the Tabernacle is Jesus and build ministry from this pattern we shall experience th latter Glory!
The Oscar buzz was an excellent feeling in LA today.With a little bit of faith and action on my part, I will def be attending next yr oscars
Though I despise Bush/Cheney, I am skeptical that their conviction will ever come to anything, given US disregard for international law.
home now
Some people r like Slinkies:not really good 4 anything, but they still bring a smile to ur face when you push them down a flight of stairs.
But of course!
Independence, I hear.
Shouldn't be too hard to find a meth dealer there.
Hey AU...guess who's back?!
Excellent, glad you got to see it.
All we get in CHI is Blackhawk helicopters.
Misspelling things when tweeting 
It's getting down to the wire...
One more hour until the polls close!
they have a good business school too
Haiti country was already in ruins B4 EQ.
3 months is a very small amount of time to even get them to 'normal'.
yeah...hmm dick
You guys need to stop pissing off, she's to fucking amazing
This foo is getting turned on by my burping lmao xD
The Original Funny Facebook Status Updates
What types of games are being played How's it going down if it's on til it's gone then I gots to know now is you with me or what?
Sleep well tonight dear body,It's I who has u doing ,yoga, arobics  weight lifting daily,the soul of this mans heart in shock bye lost mate
I like it here.
I may stay a spell...
watching my episode of a tv show that's on right now!!
it's been 5 years already!?
Damn I'm getting old.
I am so glad Floyd gave Ortiz something else to cry over besides his parents.
thanks for helping bring the MVP's together.
And perfect location for it just down the street from my work.
Me Too lol I swear it would be one of the best seasons
I'm doctorading these next 7 hours.
I think it is finally time to walk across Lake Valentine.
hey can I use a..STOP TALKING!
but i was just...SHUSH!
but I...DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT what a douche.
WHAT?!
oh now u want 2 hear it..
Eating shit with
dude I miss you so mucho come back to the best state Eva!!
;
Definitely helps, hahaha.
RT : I value you if that helps.
Call to action  submit or go to payment option  the latter doctorves the user far more!
Jennifer Hudson releases her new song, Keg Legs.
lol.
guess i needa step my twitter game up!!
lol.
sorry love
After lunch today, I am playing football with some friends so I have to be careful and not get hurt.
Rt me to i need to work out
Oh, jafardzija, remember when you used to blow wins for starters?
LOL RT : give me your next available appt..do you set up appts via twitter?
this might be the first one ever!
at 2 oh im hatin lol.but imma try to have fun.
Great reading at CB1!!!!
Being a nanny is the best birth control out don't get me wrong I love the boy but wow 8:15 and still run'n around 
Simply, there are people who can not write, do not call do not speak, and they will still be the closest.
im not
BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl is by crashing your motorcycle when she's on board.
yep, that's what I meant.
Sounds pretty cool, and I'm not even familiar with the industry!
Also cool that it's in NC ;
Thanks so much :
last I heard...she was going to try it on....she is CRAZY.
HELP SUPPORT OUR MUSIC PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE PLEASE FOLLOW US ON TWITTER THANK YOU ALL ND WE LOVE YALL!!!!
Gillie aint goin tonite!!!
Foul hin once shame on you!
Foul him twice DUNKS ON YOU!!!
Watch and see!!!
Menu tasting for the wedding in Zionsville and my bridal shower today...
wish you were here, dude!
Undercover cops should not be allowed.
Yay I got the job
Guys dont go for you because they like you, they go for you because your easy.
Preach.
RT : Searching the library website is fun!
No One, Ever.
You buying me a brew, Jurecki?
All I wanna do today is not give a flying fuck and chill.
GO CAPS!
: Caps claim a 32 win over NYR in Game 4, even series at two games apiece.
not so sure
I'll send you all my love, everyday in a letter and sealed it with a kiss.
YES FLOWER JA Siguas YOU THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION
operating crime and terrorists watch program its cold as hell!!
The key is not to die for your country, but make the other bastard die for his!
Gen
I gotta put it down and play my cards right
Yeah y'all right that was mean...but y'all think he would share lala with me ??
Um no.
So therefore I'm not sharing with him
Hello, inflight wifi!
At the Reagan Presidential Library.
Get to see Air Force One...
Pretty cool stuff.
Hello cyber world....this is a voice in the cloud.
So mad that I'm sick almost passed out at the 9 Eucharist this morning.
Planted on the couch sending good vibes to you.
It's to cold outside
Thanks, dear!
My niece knows how to maneuver everything on the iPhone and talk to Siri, she's 2.
Hey , thanks for the mention...it's a pleasure to follow you!
:
seriosuly took some guts.
His wife is sticking with him  heard the band isn't going anywhere either
haha..it's my representation of you :
If you got an andoctorid..you're a hoodoctort..
I hope not
you on a streak right now.
But its understandable.
EVERYONE knows eyeve been playn wit Oregon since dennis dickson days.
Cleaning my room right now , and i would like to thank all my followers for following me.
i know i haven't been tweeting that much but thnx
Indeed!
But, if we considered 90N/S each as two tiny tiny circles of latitude, then 181?
Leftover pizza is significantly better than dayof pizza.
screw it.
im cracking one of these bottles open and saying EFF YOU, TODAY!
: the greatest risk is to take no risk
god :p
will be the last pick
sobbing omg
Yippee!!!
Where???
I hope you enjoy it :!
my friend used to babysit the little girl who played Quinns mini me on Glee.
The little girls name is Avery
ii can't wait to get off work!
ii need a massage!
CANT WAIT : IWISH U WOULD FOLLOW ME, IT WOULD BE A MIDNIGHT doctorAM
hadn't thought of that!
you're definitely right though  hopefully more school districts will loosen their reigns.
Everything in Indiana smells weird...
Another beautiful warm day in LA.
Ever see someone being stopped by megaphone from a police helicopter
Good luck to those of you with final papers  projects due this week!!
Today's Soups: Cheezy Cauliflower Split Pea with Ham
Time to clean my room .
It's been forever .
hahaha yep!
Pretty much explaining all of the US shit we make up.
Hahaha
Spilling SEO Juice  3 Dos and Don'ts for Writing Great Page Titles
Great session on incorporating social learning into sales training.
Kinda wanna see Avengers, again.
When God closes a door, he opens a window.
aww you are too sweet!!!
hugs back
Can't believe Dyce is still sleeping....wish I could.
That's why I don't fuck with lightskins no more.
They got fucking personal issues
Brett Favre and Tiki Barber to Bears in exchange for lifetime of alka seltzer to all Chicagoans
Yo Yo Bro......haven't been on in a couple days.
Might have an affordable washer/doctorer for your new house.
putting them on blast this early?
Haha you are a trip bro!
so do you sell fresh Duck?
After a band talk and vote, Chris Wallace has decided not to go.
Tesla Armada will not be doing the audition at America's Got Talent.
instantunfollow RT : I might get Mark Curry's book.
Anyone read it?
Amanda is hacking you :D , uhm ..
since I can't put names , we hate you :
Yay I Look So Hot3
UDSIS will be down for maintenance from 78 am tomorrow.
you guys should get mullets
Just finished a fascinating panel discussion on Gov 2.0  SM.
Will Gen Y politicians begin careers on twitter?
Even Jimmy Carter would have given that order.
Can't stop laughing...
It's definitely a culture of arrogance.
Congratulations on losing over 30 pounds!!!
You look fabulous and your show is awesome!
Keep it up :
Mike Fernandez: You've got to believe your own B.S.
congrats on the 5k!
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Nelson Mandela
Other celebs on state dinner guest list: Hugh Bonneville, Damian Lewis, Carey Mulligan
Fourdimensional storytelling.
It's time for the longest English sentence using one word Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
Had a fun night with !
To invest in Facebook or not.
That is the question, Mark Zuckerberg
Shoutout to : Thanks for the Follow!
We're working hard to keep getting published in your awesome mag!
Oh, Princeton.
You and your horsedoctorwn carriage rides around town for the holidays.
This whole thing smacks of ...
well ...
Princeton.
ThingsIwantTheMost GOOD WOMAN...
Boy it's plain to see.
That your the only one for me.
Take it 2 the head
glad you said something.
I didn't even realize.
The Lions don't seem to be worried about their RB situation.
Are you?
2488481130.
Ok is that MLB TICKETS commercial tear inducing for anyone else?
Or am I just a girl?
Lol
Dick Clark and I go way back.
//t.co/BCcQIwn9
Yes, we were.
Did you see us?
Had a difficult afternoon
FOLLOW BACK EM.
he my type though.
He goes to school, works, sweet, sexy, funny, doctorVES.
But he straight though :
Another great discussion at Life Teen!
He's asleep : now I can relax!
okay!
im back on!
who wants to talk?!
:
anytime.
loveslaborslost was outstanding and quite jaunty.
: I still don't understand how they got the Discovery shuttle strapped to the back of a plane delayedoctoraction
What is even more crazy than Charlie Sheen?
Getting ChickfilA Waffle Fries for free!!!
Friday from 2pm  4pm.
Now that's
u r welcome beloved.
You've hit the big time, C.
You know you're bring a major pussy if you're being called out by the two biggest pussies you know.
Haha.
nice vc article.
yes, Go Bears and Go JETS!!
Appreciation Mastery is the key to good business referrals.
wishes she had HBO so she could watch Entourage tomorrow night!
at least we aren't Jordan gold!
:
James just rocked misterCellophane from Chicago ....amazing
Thanks a lot!
Which xcskiing trail near Oberstaufen do you think has the most spectacular scenery?
You've got gd pt.
However, I wonder about less confident riders downtown.
Good discussion starter.
Eagles select Fletcher Cox in doctorft
I really want to see her
Lest we forget....
Its just with the majority of games played on Sunday its the money day!
Dont Judge me!
Distributor Kobe is my favorite odd Kobe.
hahaha love it!
After all that I've been through I thought I would never be able to love again, but then you came and happened, and everything changed.
Have to start a late shift tomorrow which i'm not so looking forward to.
Aw !: Omg!!!
We Need To Talk About This At School!
Aha!:
for a BRIEF moment I thought CP was Camp Point!
Then I regained sanity...
:
Ha!
How did you know?
: : Name of book?
Thanks!
What goes up, should go down, but doesn't.
The smokeable kind!!!
If im texting someone in the same room as me, i stare at them until they text back,lol.
Patty may be smiling today, but she'd be happier if Obama didn't have to come raise money for her!
thank U 4 showing me some love Bro Bro!!
:
Love our tradition of giving finals week care packages to our student workers.
So fun to see what people come up with to include :
Happy world puppetry day everyone!
Gotta watch Being John Malkovich tonight!
Love that film!
Caitlin Rose is live in the WMSE studios right now.
Tune in!
She plays tonight at Shank Hall, opening for Hayes Carll...
Nah, just a toddler 9 haha, got those adult superhero Chucks tho!
Andoctora May in Minneapolis.
VP, Inst.
Design Services for Dashe  Thomson.
My bro wants some barley wine brew.
Hitting D's this week.
Favorites anyone?
You are so fine, OMG.
My name is Antoine, but you can call me Anthony.
I will be movin 2 da ATL in August.
Hope to meet you cutie!
ooh!
that's good!any more recommendations?
we need to fill up our offices
So, I almost threw up this morning, and I still went and took the AP exam.
If you knew I was dying, would it change you?
two weeks for me.
So its official!
We are heading back to Orlando in April to record a new single!
We'll be working with again!
Stoked!
wish i'd known.
was there last night for the tech cocktail.
we have a tiny incubator next door.
stop by soon.
I know...so many things I could do.
I've got some ideas, but need to work on execution!
I doubt they have a policy to allow dogs.
It's the people who break the policies that are inconsiderate.
I seriously need some more followers!
FOLLOW ME!!
ILL FOLLOW BACK!
hunter is seventeen years old...
that's awkward.
: Who all was there this morning?
I'm guessing it was pretty skeleton crew!
perhaps it is imagination that embraces, because it must embrace what it has created.
Maybe all there is is what we can imagine.
Eurozone GDP growth stays flat on quarterly and yearly basis.
Stars who are pregnant as of this morning: Vanessa Lachey, Snookie.
People who still aren't: Jennifer Aniston.
Melo is gonna slow the offense down way to much, gotta let Lin run
I hear ya!
Omg!!!
Hella crazy excited for the hunger games movie!!!
Ah!!!
Yolo..
Just remember actions have consequences
it means retweet.
I get a lot of follow Friday mentions from Italians.
It's funny.
Nice Flickr photo stream, by the way
Define diver.
How do you get support for this iPad app?
I just purchased a pilot upgrade and can't get it to work.
I love my niece!
RT : If I miss bielema for this pointless unc press conf so help me god I will be so pissed.
Too bad you'll miss the London bout.
Hope we'll see you at the rest of our bouts this season!
:
Pain pain pain when will it ever end.
big sean part decent af
RT : Wanna know a secret?
Content is not king.
Quality, contextually relevant content is.
Davey Richards defends the Underground Television Championship against Erick Stevens.
Welcome , , and to our Museum family!
I seem to twitter at airports alot...hm...sitting at Logan in Amsterdam afterglow and 90th birthday bliss...m life is good!
Warm weather is bringing on allergies from fleas, pollen and grass weeds.If your dog is chewing on himself or itching, talk to your vet!
Indivisible aspects
You might also like Stay.app, which I use in addition to Divvy to manage multiple monitors.
Portland is still buzzing after last night and we are very excited for today....
Good luck boys
Chillin, IMing my sister's boyfriend.
:
Our new page design is now live.
Very similar to a professorle page.
great, thanks!
I never thought I would utter these words, but man, I miss Jose Canseco.
This nigga all n my ear soundin like a bear.
LOL, Simon Le Bon must have been bored.
Thx for sharing it.
Chuckle chuckle...
:
goldgate?
Or maybe you need a goldthroat for that.
What you got on my forty homie???
When the going gets tough...
the tough is just horrible.
Agonizingly Big Shave 1 Oct 11
I wanna bloww some O's...
Ah gimme dat dope shit now!!!!!!!
One of the worst pains is a toothache
Watching The Bears at BW3's if anyone would like to join!
BEAR DOWN!
I really need a program that converts word 2002 ebook file to pdf keeping diagrams  hyperlinks.
Any suggestions?
when you see her tomorrow, tell her I have been shown negative love since I've been gone by her :/
MTG would love plan a screening of the movie, if u need ant pr and marketing needs let's us
RT : RT : New Moon: The story of a girls choice between Beastiality and Necrophilia.
Hey purdue peeps!
Free yoga on tues/thurs at purdue mall/haas lawn
It was nice to meet DS  BA in person yesterday and have a great discussion about more CERT training for
Deja Vu?
We're back across from Deja Vu tonight for your late night philly snacks.
Come by and say Yo!
Across from the Orleans.
I'd love him too..
But yano, he left me hanging on the day I needed the most so I love you too Court.
Are they cutting the nets down?
Mitt Romney is strongly opposed to the legalization of cannabis.
13 pelicans died in Florida today.
: just marry me already or i'll stab my dog's butthole.
The Most Romantic Proposal Ever.
lolol
I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
ESPN has a poll asking who will win the NL Central!
Vote for the crew
ok but it would make singing Rudolph harder: ...
had a very shiny nose.
Like an electric lamp!
Omg I'm so sorry
lucky!
Did u catch a blimp of him?
Was he cute?
Appalachian Granny's Menu includes: Pesto Cheesecake, Southwest Cheesecake, Bleu Cheese  Walnut Cheesecake!
6147322803
RT : Success is not permanent.
The same is also true of failure.
so if your reading this now DO NOT sign up on the one source talent website bcuz they r a scam and ...
Ur welcome: if you know others please have them order: it's time for this to change!
Well good morning lovely friends.
ready to make some money and have some entertainment lol
I have the BIGGEST smile on my face ever, and its all becuz of Follow him now!
he is amazing!
I LOVE YOU Derek !
Awesome, thanks!
:D
Hello, dollchat folk!
:
Meeting of the minds!
Excited about today: work, lunch w/ and our kiddos
sorry did not reply to I was off playing Mom.
Had to make the school run.
I was really ready for bed.
Not this!
www.Rushflyerprinting.com  New Manhattan Location Soho/Nolita
it's rainy and gross outside.
but still warm.
summer is so close 3
Sen Franken: without medicare people can never retire.
Calls GOP agenda radical change to society.
Curious....where did you find said VA?
What are youre techniques on having a piano practice?
With all the needles I've gotten the past two weeks.
I think I'm getting over my fear!
That awkward moment when your best friend is so excited to have a twitter but your her only follower
doin good here.
just workin too much!
Not in a minute.
Will call him today to really catch up!
So you're hurt not sure what 2 apply: ice or heat: Remember this: Use ice first, ask questions later.
That will B right 99.9 of the timeT
Audition distraction 104: The producer offers the part to someone over the phone while you're waiting to go in.
Oh wow!!
I wish we could be the rescuers.
Moving websites from server to server is a serious pain in the ass.
Such a monotonous workday.
I still think of Osmosis Jones every time I take a pill.
I think of all my pills as little soldiers!
Haha
thanks for the retweets, y'all!
i love you please come back to NY soon!!
xox
Im on some toxic blade runner slime phonk weed smoker shit
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that only the middle schoolers are prude..
Thanks WisconsinDOT for closing all ramps to 94 west...awesome start to the day!
I just saw it, and I agree the band perry!
not if im allergic to EVERYTHING
I really love
Hangover shmangover.
It's shoulders day!!!
Thanks, Tina!
President is awesome!!
A POTUS to be proud of!!
4 More Years!!
When doing Remodel be sure to sign off on the slab templet!
Even if it takes 3 1/2 hours in the hot sun w/ sweet but picky client!!
my man derf tell him to holla at me
For sure.
That hit me last night.
Not submitting a proposal for 2013 conference.
Too hard to figure out this far ahead of time what might be worth talking abt then.
Can Wigginton just hit away
Judge not RT : you've been trying to get to the library for a while now
thats cool all the best:
If you're always complaining about being single, I automatically hate you.
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.
Bill Copeland
Ahem.
As EWR12 organizer, I think it's best I don't comment.
; RT : Now you have something to strive for!
Lol
Thanks Brad  I'm glad it was helpful.
We certainly like our worksheets.
Any suggestions for the next newsletter?
Just saw a guy in a viking hat.....
Not sure how that makes sense, but I guess if you're doctornk it might make sense!
RT : Look.
Either you can agree with me or you can be wrong.
I think this MondayFriday between the hours of 8AM  6PM
Should we call the police?
:
Happy Friday!
I had a good cloud picked out but I was doctorving at the time.
Josh Hutcherson..
oh my god.
3
Who remembers when u had to use channel 3 to play video games?
I am now a licensed doctorver!
:3 I like sending you pictures!
dont lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night .
How did the ghost do at the comedy club?
yeah let me know when you all have some time after your show closes.
I was pleased to be able to come out.
Jesus you are everything, and your ways are worth anything.
Isaiah 55
well now I'm in Austin!
yes, we're very organized.
I do intend to be careful.
I know they'll be taking pics too.
I think there will be a lot of people
Jessica Sanchez covering an Aerosmith song.
Man, I hope Phillip Phillips covers Jenny From the Block.
Missing the weekend
I bring my own bottles fuck the club dasss it.
but jack i love you....but you never tweet me :L ugh so many buts in this tweet,
Doing a tattoo study in the office today!!!
I love the research part, new and improved tattoo removal!!!
The Protester is Time's person of the yr.
We are Borg; you will be assimilated.
Life gives you a chance to meet some really interesting people, take advantage when the opportunity presents itself.
brothers baseball gamee
All these years flew by...can't believe he's 23 :'
Raul to the Yankees.
I want my bed, my pillow, and a back massage asap.
I'm so tired and everything hurts what a long day!
Dave!
Tell me!
Happily Connected : Tomorrow we're blasing mobile deals!
Are u ready?
We promote your biz for free say hi 
Parking is here in Galvez field  thanks
Haha.
Good luck on your exam!!!
is JC singing at all tonight?
those are 20's
Very true!
Will be live at 6pm on ch 10 and www.wplg.com from area 31, free caipirinhas from 58pm celebrating our best happy hour in miami victory!
Problems with Ocwen, can somebody help!
Full Bruins coverage ahead of tomorrow night's game 2, live from Vancouver coming up on 7News at 11.
AMAZING hit!
So much kandi..
wants to swap places with someone who doesn't give a shit, just to see what it feels like!
We should see if we could use for 's Wednesday night guess bartender  tips go to charity
me to but i am bout to c her becuz i was with her but then she went down to hoboken then shes coming backn today ya
That doctoram has me in the mood.
Fuck that.
Lol
I've been trying to be on time for years..the ish just don't work!!!
Sad to see pseweb over.
Great to meet so many new peeps.
Well done looking forward to next year.
You're too cynical!
Always room for competition.
And the Nook does well too.
Greys made me weak tonite.
I just cant take the tragedy.
We noticed that too and are working to update the graphic.
I think we left a couple zeros out of the equation.
:
Best fight ever.
Nuff said.
thanks to for all his hard work this week!
videos are going to be great :
revised resolution: save the praising conversations for people who deserve praise.
Loving that I got a surprise on my DVR today!
SweetGenius is back!!!
Just put on some cherry lip balm!
kiss
I always tweet certain stuff when certain people are online so I can impress them with my humour and wit
just so long as xtina was last im happy!
You still.rock!
Sad you didnt win but Anya and I are so proud of you!
youMATTER!
Day one on set for Saltwater!!!
Just started a Run.
70 F, 11mph S, 57
Always a trade off of course, but Hamilton isn't old or anything.
Nice guy to build around  Yoder would be at 1B maybe.
Buffet  happy 311 day
Hard nights of trappin
Right now, Chone Figgins is squirming in his warmup jacket, and the bench is introducing itself to him.
Alright, shameless self promotion: The Motorz and Shot to Hell Saturday night at the High Noon Saloon.
6pm
I am TOTALLY making it out to that.
Yes indeed.
Thanks!
OH SHIT!
Amber, I apologize for ever doubting you
wow.
Well, Congrats and good luck my friend.
What's the plan for Monday?
blackout?
Do that lil thang I like
I have a bad slice in my golf swing, now my golf partner is dead
What's happening to SGH?
I've been away from Cincy for about 5 years now.
Any links or sites for more info?
Thx.
wow that isnt the whole series
stay positive shane and continue to overcome adversity with your hard work
Springtime is the land awakening.
The March winds are the morning yawn.Quoted by Lewis Grizzard in Kathy Sue Loudermilk, I Love You
haha just that atmosphere sounds like a few favs of mine :
Happy Labor Day!
Who's got one more day of partying left in them!?
Special Industry bottle pricing and 2 for 1 beverages at The Fly today!!
Video making today with Allen Cruz and The Bitches.
what is femininity and masculinity?
opposites?
complementary?heterosexual?
inherent?
socially constructed?
Looking forward to hanging out with Astronauts tomorrow!.
so true, lol
tunnel is filled in after about 100ft I think now
Wishin' my new peeps some green love .
Thanks for the follow!
hahaha people just keep calling me child lately.
its ok  since my birthday i've felt like i'm 50.
It's 4/20 all over again 2night Join Trevor from  for some cellared gems.
Starts at 6:00PM
raises hand RT : Raise your hand if your Klouchebag score is higher than your Klout score.
raises hand
wow!!!
Thats my section!
I'll doctornk to that.
good call!
hanging sneakers on phonelines is how the urban marginalized manufactured social capital in the pretwitter era
Funny how a melody, sounds like a memory.
if u one of those dudes go eat a dck like right now !
if u know 1, tell him to go eatadicklikerightnow !
lmao !
OnlyFatPeople bleed gravy
Oh dear me....sound of barrel being severely scraped Toby Young licking Uncle Rupe's arse publicly.
What is it with these Tory idiots?.
Hi Robert, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
The interlude to The Black Parade Is Dead is so beautiful sounding
You know the F train has issues when at the station a sign reads normal service today.
Please report graffiti to 311.
You can snap a photo and send it with the addoctorss location.
Time for the NyQuil
Why yes, yes it does!
::reaches for the Jameson::
Very cool!
On my way downtown Chicago to michigan avenue : if your there meet me there for a greet:
Mall cops call us retarded and escort us out with threats of arrest!
How does this voxer ISH work
I smell tequila....
I was getting arnd to it ;p
frontpage, abovethefold feature on a local boxer.
happy to see that the newspaper has taken Boxing Day literally.
Don't even care if I fail tests anymore
Hi there!
I'm good, thank you.
How are you?
: Miss you too xo
amazing meal, pork with Brussels sprouts was one of the best meals of my life!
Fantastic!
between tixs for the show and the belive cd hfdskhfksdfhkdsfhlol im borrowing from my moma
TGIF!!
Stop on by our online store to see our injectible tanning  tan from the inside out with no harmful UV rays www.shop.lasvegashcg.com
Please contact The Battle of Florida.
We would like to honor US ARMY personel and invite them to our Inaugural Game Jan 21st FAU.
Flannel pajamas?!
what are you 100?
lmfaoo
Can't wait for the new show tonight!
great job by at debate!
Yu Be Fried
rockblocking, nice one.
Islam actually allows homosex as long as you are the giver.
Muslims especially love little boys doctorssed as girls.
Thank you3
Inferno is peerless.
Have you spotted in Boston?
Maybe he'd like us to show him some luxury property in Beacon Hill or the backbay.
:
ugh he makes me sick.
Poor little rich boy.
This made me lawl
Hey ppl I missed you
lol it will be fresh up here in Indiana!
i cant unless its tomorrow saturday and sunday im busy
Why are writers so boring these days?
To remember how much fun they used to be, go see the film 'Midnight in Paris.'
Picking up dad from Midway!
Woot woot!
be sure to share your thoughts on this weeks episode once it's over!
almost ready for our Spring Preview!
Heh heh.
You know I once calculated at the height of Bill Gates's wealth, if he lost 20K, it would be the same as if he had...

justin biber you be my doctoram
True.
I just wonder what kind of tribute they can pull together for the Grammy's tomorrow night.
Aside, dad loves death reels.
ahahaha ikr lol and yess she talks to much and keeps us after class and that gets me mad .
but yeah
loved Lets Play Cowboys and Aliens on Boxee
I'm pretty excited...
Claus is now following me on Twitter.
Hope he comes to the Fashion Attic to buy some gifts!
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo Come to my place at 5 in the morning  wake me up
I dont,I hit you when you make fun of him,and greyson, any other band I like

sorryluv, been unplugged for a tad.
FT, totally full time.
Building a team.
Need good peeps.
You know, good peeps.
You bet, Jillian!
Here's to cheesecake...don't know why, but that suddenly sounds good :
WILL U FOLLOW OR EPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U!
I LOVE U SO MUCH  HAVE FUN IS ASIA!!
On a quest to find some chill singer songwriter performances hiding in an unknown bar downtown.
Hoping to stumble upon something amazing!
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you, And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're ok
Watching ridiculousness with my little bro...
Wow, people are stupid!
tminus 4 hours till results.
Watching SoulTrain...
Need a Date for a dance  ugh.
Lol
Avengers was so fuckin good
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Chipmunk family reunion, someone stole the nuts, squirrel jail, JUSTICE!!
OhFlo:
you don't want to see me shady
Training ride this morning for the MS150!
Looking forward to it, it's been far too long!
Most certainly!
Turning defeat into stepping stones to success!
Most artists do not have a brand because they focus on blending in instead of standing out.
This job sucks
Now trying to qualify for Ultimatebets Aruba Poker Classic.
I hope to have better luck than I did trying to qualify for the WSOP.
So she crushed my heart with a stelleto
2 joints down and a lifetime to go.
Complain complain complain.
Do I ever get a simple Thank you for everything u do for me??
Hell no.
I really hate when my foot cramps nd im tryna sleep
dude that's tomorrow!!!
Have to get down to Pups Paradise soon.
Have had a bit going on.
Have to go to Toledo Animal Shelter first!
They need me more!
and the problem is?
Decidedly unwell; taking the opportunity to watch cooking shows instead of working on papers.
I never thought I'd reach a point in my life when I'd kick back  have an alcoholic bev during my quiet time.
God would be cool with that.
I needed the creative outlet...
I'm trying to find a good one!
Lol my bike is like 11 sec stock.
Light response vehicles, childhood literacy, health care costs, partnering and delivery of services..jump into a case study at 11am
Gorgui is Spanish for awkward.
thanks Allie!
Despite being scared to death, I had a really great time ; glad you watched!
Thanks!
BIO Applauds Senate Agriculture Committee for Passing Bipartisan Farm Bill
Back In The Stew Like Green Chili And Potatoes ........
Healthy choice you rock
Too bad CJ didn't come back to pitch
Wait...
it isn't?
RT when I was a little kid I thought Mile High Stadium was literally a mile in height.
The stadium itself.
Speaker notes that collaboration, like childoctorn, often comes after tenure.Reminded again that altac really isn't a bad gig
TaiChi in rose garden, egg hunt with relatives' kids, tooling around in my Mazda Mx6 on empty roads, now tense
I like turtles
Money Saving Tip 44: If somethings broken, give a fair shot at repairing it yourself before replacing it or calling a repairman.
De Graaf: Most people selfreport happiness accurately.
Jesus fame spread throughout our planet: Emerging disciples that live for the great commission/commandment.
It's not yet 10 a.m.
and I've already heard the phrase if I get hit by a bus twice.
Morbid Thursday!
will do!
Thank you!
thanks: how are you?:
All I want for Christmas is you..
HA that's a joke, I need a new pair of boots  money
We have some amazing specials tomorrow come down to Tia's to try them!
dear icebergs, sorry about global warming.
karmas a btch.
sincerely, the titanic
Glasses make me look weak.
They're like a wheelchair for the eyes.
Veep is off to a good start.
I enjoyed the pilot.
Quote of tha year.
I dnt care if my momma was on the court.
I'd hit her 2.
Chris paul Lmao.
Thank you Sol!
Massive investment in infrastructure like the ErieCanal are what made the USA great and rich and what the economy needs to get people jobs
Getting my jump rope on!
How you doin?
Download: I wanna, Bob Sinclair/Sahara...
No, this has been planned for quite some time.
I'm with my mom.
She's weird.
For sure!!
SMH.
I HOPE YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY BEAUTIFUL
You are the best Hugh e
I am lounging while my works.
Also?
I can now walk around barefoot w/out collecting enough dog fur to create an afghan.
ready to get this day started 
Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend!
Personally, I ate too much turrn : What are the traditional holiday foods where you are?
: What thing?
everyone's going
Friday, Euclid Tavern in CLE 10 to get in 10 all u can Labatt doctorft samples Comedy, music mark colella more
Happy Friday!
What is your favorite part of the weekend?
I doubt James will see my message.
D: i think a lot of rushers send dms.
yea lol no not my bills but idk what my mother expected of you
nice change :
Thanks for your dedication to restoring funding to Wisconsin's Technical College System!
I'm making that the title of my Facebook album!
But you gotta look at my pass bruh
I'm sure I could find at least 5 hobos downtown that could complete the American Ninja Warrior course on the first try
Sneak Dissing Niggas If You Got Something To Speak Up...
sold my car
Don't wait until you've officially started your business.
Make the contacts.
Sell or even give away your products or services.
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY Happy HOUR Till the end of the game.
7Pitcher Bud/Light.
2 Mugs, Pizza 3.50
Oh hahaa :P And omg okay so today I went to the mall to buy polo's for school.
And the cashiers name was Yuri M.
And I was like
no kidding.
My favorite disjunction: high anxiety and low energy
Where's a good place in Gastonia to eat on Mothers Day that can seat a large group?
My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance.
Need caffeine to wake me up for today's meetup at Salon!
Looking forward to hanging out  primping.
Way to go Cardinals!!!WorldSeries champions!!!!
Thanks for the birthday wishes babe, I love you mucho!
according to rapid motion shown on radar, 1 or 2 pm?
Navarro isn't playing first either, people...he just got PH for as well
StatusTv is all about scripting, managing, and editing.
haha already hearing it dude.
It's blasting lol
okay you have to send me that photo of you when you fell in the mud puddle and let me post it online
thanks for the retweet!
Always good to get outside encouragement during reshoots!
I'll finish making these PBJs w/Tabasco, and then I'll write my encomium to the new car wash.
Your the type of person to do something amazing.
And still be quiet later on.
I'm a HUGE fan I loved u on Sweet Home Alabama u should be in the finals a follow or RT would make me soo happy!
ProVietnam War Mitt Romney served his country by sneaking off to France.
A bridge is a very delicate  I was going to say organism  but it is a very delicate structure, and it is anything but permanent.
Shaun White caused quite a stir in the lift line today.
Bruh can I use your phone to call my girlfriend?
Yeah sure, just hit redial.
What do I want from Twitter?
To connect with real people, to get to know them, to share their joys and sorrows and have them share in mine.
we got our priorities in check, obviously
Me an the Silver Ages boys got to sing the encore with Jens Lekman last night.
An amazing show all around.
Sunday...Saturday I will be in Chicago, but mo and I are heading down Sunday
Sometimes that is easier said than done, but I certainly always try my best :
Gary Johnson as Pigpen.
getting ready to take the gf back to her house, sad moment :
Do I really love this shit ?
HYFR :
who could ever misunderstand you in that suit?
Staff greeting visitors in person are not the same people tweeting to audiences online.
Big divide at big museums.
I love texting new people
Amen.
RT All visitors of DC must eat because I may have had a religious experience there last night.
you and grease are the shit, take care of yall' like men n black
We've had to make a lot of judgment calls in this arena, but Comus does have its own LCNAF.
Mention facebook in the comment section of your order and receive a free 6 pc brush set.
I'm not sure the link you provided is working.
RT : Girls that change according to their boyfriends are hilarious.
Im more myself now than i ever have been.
Always working to be better than I was yesterday....
Happy Birthday
Yay!!!
Just got another film derails to follow!!
Schwartz: let our voices speak.
Do not be silent.
Destroyer says he'll eat a hotdog for every K Lee gets
lol, I recently rewatched Breaking Bad season 1 and had the same reaction.
It looks so weird!
I am swinging again so whenever you have time and weather is decent let me know!
AWESOME very spicy and tropical...the cookies were melt in your mouth delish!
you going to the game tonight?
Designing and it feels great back inside the studio on this amazing rainy day: sewing, cutting, wire wrapping all beautiful things in bklyn
Follow us you can win 10 bids for free
These pianos are incredible.
Watched a neoMozart play for 1/2 an hr.
then 2 people barely get Chopsticks right.
Lots of laughs.
I honestly can't go to any store without buying makeup....
Sorry for the miscommunication.
Senior night will be the home game vs.
Dayton on February 18th.
A little George Acosta to ease the craziness this day has already brought on.
WORD.
RT : Rodgers hits Finley in the back of the end zone for a Packers TOUCHDOWN
Really want a new acoustic guitar.
The chords sound amazing on them
Late night tennis shennanigans with and Francis.
It's safe to say things are a bit competitive, lots of smack talk going on.
They starting to get impatient at the GoldenGlobesThey're playing the wrap it up music for everyone now
That's amazing!
We share similar interests than I suppose : Let me know if I can assist you in achieving your goals!
We are going to announce the winners 2 weeks before the fest!
We also have lolla passes now too!
:
Beta's offering 20 off to all active, reserve and veteran military personnel in honor of !
Stop in tonight through Friday.
ate you gonna bring me some?
Welcome to my world.
:
unfortunately all the time.
Your Skype name is Booker?
Los Cabos at the Legends is your Summer Soccer Headquarters!
www.facebook.com/pages/KansasCityKS/LosCabosattheLegends/215232512136.
hoping you'll be Christian 50Shades :
Bizarre series, every run in todays game came off a solo homer and the two game winning hits on Friday and Saturday were 9th inning HR's too
Who's dat peeking in my window..?
POW...
Nobody now...
ALL IN Energy establishes ALL IN Asia Licensee: www.frankspennystocks.com/kore
MUST try!
RT : Strawberry rhubarb This pie is to die for.
:9 I  this pie  one of my favorites.
What about
Celebrities Style Long Hair Leaked Pics 2012  Worldwide Celebs ...
I can't from my phone.
Here it's 6253200
.....u better off raising him by ur self RT : My son whines to much at times, I think he need a male figure in his life
ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith Getting that special someone.
I hope she feels better soon.
I can't stand it when my son gets sick.
I feel helpless.
I Cried When my brother doctorpped me on my head
Why was there just an add for ChristianMingle.com on the Science Channel?
Should Make My Day 1000x Better And Follow Me 3
Looks like its going to be a GOOD NIGHT already....early crowd
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I've never been this stressed in my whole life.
I almost blocked you  you fooled me, you you, fooler.
New MobileMe Mail, having trouble logging in, I am signing in with my apple id...
any help?
Happy birthday !!!
Hope you have a great day!
No wait I was right first time lol
We like that, !
I have been, love.
:
Demi Is Our Flawless Queen.
3  She doesn't have to be perfect ; She already is.
:
Camera Fun Time.
Today's Assignment: captainre some fist bumps.
Practice your directing skills  ask 2 people to do a fist bump.
Pics  vids!!
RT : Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
Love it.
Hope all is well...
I hope enjoys every second of her birthday!
SPECIAL THANKS TO ALL OUR FAMILY, FRIENDS AND FANS THAT CAME TO SUPPORT US AT MARBLES!
WE HAVE THE BEST FANS IN THE WORLD!
that's crazy how I think I'm Trey Songz in dormisterom I wish I could go to Karaoke Night....there would be panies on stage
:  Follow back please !
my thug lineup: Gilbert Arenas, Tony Allen, Metta World Peace, ZBO, and Jordan Hill.
I just refuse to keep hurting myself REFUSE
On the air.
New doctor John, Spiritualized, and THEE Satisfaction on the way...
I'll definitely use it as a starting point, if not the entire thing :
So Anthony gets out of jail tonight.
Why would u want out if u were her
brrrrrr.
I'm happy to be inside today.
Saw Mike Ditka at Wahlgreen's this morning.
Did not bring up Packers Super Bowl.
If you ever reach total enlightenment while doctornking beer, I bet you could shoot beer out of your nose.
was incredible!!!
Loved watching every second of it, Mary!
:
Okay now I'm done.
Tomorrow should be interesting....
Oh my god.
Welcome to the party
Looking to get some exposure for your band?
Send your EPK to keaton at AudioADD dot net!
If you have happy thoughts, then you make happy molecules.
:
Long story short, we aren't getting the condo : FHA loan complications.
Totally bummed
sometimesyouhaveto just accept that it is what it is and you can't change the past
we have a mutual friend
Talkin bout come can you take me somewhere..
Foo you got some gas money?
Lol
cus we jus are I'm Mad wit u lol
Come hang with us tonight twanksgiving TU at Bring nonperishables for
If u get a person in yr life who is poisonous, what 2 tarot cards might tell you how to deal with this?
www.shindigtarot.com for yr cards!
So ready to cut my hair
My wife just referred to Celine as a show boating Canadian and demanded she leave before we continue to watch
Yoga exists in the world because everything is linked
At least Kim doesn't have the umbrella
...could energise sociallyconserv./Christian repubs who were previously lukewarm about Romney.
W/ econ.
the dominant issue,...
Collins is a Packer HoF'er, right?
: we have toddlers and when should we get there so we won't be standing 10 miles away from the procession or the fireworks?
it was so nice meeting you and working with you the other day!
Serious Answer: they must be constipated and can't go to the bathroom
Nice to see you, , Great party, eh?
You misspelled referee RT : Hats off to LeBron James for being an absolutely dominant force.
Why did the apologize to it's his fault he fucked up his hand
If u need to say somthin to me I'd advice u do it promptly b4 it becomes too late.
Im not entirely sure but yeah if i close my eyes and keep listening to music i'd more than likely pass out haha
no its a juco we are goin D1 out of that school after our freshman year at Norfolk State.
we gonna develop our game and bodies
IWishYouKnew I have doubts.
So far everything looks good with choice of new apartmentjust waiting to see the inside before final decision is made.
Love the outside!
Good night RT : Good night all!
what happen!?
I bet 6th period can top that!
:D
what hapened to you guys ?
Dude the gay guy on Cyberbully is fucking SPICY.
So tired today.
For more updates about Black History Month at The U of M, follow us on Twitter
We are great for parties, Packer games, Badger games, trips to Milwaukee or Chicago, Prom, Homecoming, and Airport shuttle service
The MOMS Sale is coming up on August 13.
MOMS Members  what are you planning to sell?
knock,knock.
and other Vandy and Harvard alums not happy with 3:45 VandyHarvard tip time.
Doesn't NCAA know it conflicts w.
Jeopardy?
Tweet at us about your first Ziptrip and we may send some doctorving credit your way!
Those chicken meatballs were amazeballs!!!
RT : Chicken meatballs with arugula  red onion  Milo and Olive
Thanks for the RTs
Frankenmuth Freaky Friday sounds like a great event name for tonight.
I may mix a pale ale with a hefeweizen!
I'm just sayin, you can do better.....
Mark your Calendars for Fountain Square: Bella Vite Wine Tasting Saturday, May 12, 2012: 510pm The Bella Vite event f..
Our admiration of fine writing will always be in proportion to its real difficulty and its apparent ease.
Charles Caleb Colton
Big debate about the speed limit in Ohio..what do you think?
Raise it to 70 miles per hour?
Plus, more summerlike temperatures  join us !
my co workers think i am crazy for always cutting my cupcakes into four ways  using a fork
Nope.
I usually feel awkward poking people...but I worked up the courage this time!
Bahahaha.
Mitt Romney , your a racist video is hilarious
RT : Ned Godshall: do something really Big, really Simple, really Elegant.
Ned's thing: clean water for the whole world
Eggfast is open all day today!
Enjoy the holiday!
www.eggfast.com
Hi PR friends, do you have a favorite product/system that you use to distribute press releases and to gather press mentions?
His book Fingerprints of the Gods is a real page turner.
really?
Educate yourself on how much the Catholic Church invests worldwide to feed the hungry...check www.crs.org
Digital Library of America dp.la
you are TOTALLY going to be able to flag down rides on the side of the road now
.
observes constraints of teaching a lot of material in one course can be productive.
Have to teach ppl to teach themselves
he definitely made my day!;
Well they have been copied time and again in pop culture through our lives.
Please give me a hard number which indicates that GWB wasn't a complete failure.
Was it deficit increases?
Was it unemployment?
What?
How2Tarot Don't be afraid to read cards out of the order laid down.
If a card calls out, read it first.
Some spreads work better like that!
A3: Excellent networking; flexible service provision; cloud infrastructure primed for superfast delivery
You can purchase it now on iTunes, CDbaby, or at the church!
Listening to my buisness teachers son rap on youtube wasn't something i was expecting coming to class today
this made me laugh RT : Lakers announcer:Mathews missed that by so much I thought it was Felton.
Ouch.
Oh my.
he said I can sing...
Lol; I Wonder what he was hearing..
hahaha
Actually kind of excited to go to work winter break
The UK economy will remain weak for the foreseeable future, but recession is not inevitable, according to a survey by the British Chambers
Taking my neighbor to Avengers tonight.
If he doesn't like it, and I do, do I ask him to move?
Seems like a big request ...
those people are stupid.
lol.
why wasn't I invited to a preview?
Free Medicine Discounts  Reduced Costs up to 60  Target  PERCOCET 
I 3 henhouse!
RT: : Just had the BEST fried chicken w/a banana waffle that I would slap your moms for.
Thanx
I hate all three Stall brothers and their respective teams.
Watching this past weeks and loving it!
Mini Rant  cheap cheap cheapos!
You are tacky.
Go back to couponing for your fast food joints.
Bout to write a hit with and
That awkward moment when your in the tubes at Chuck E.
Cheeses, and another kid comes the opposite way as you.
just got the bosssest case for my phone, now that shits
Life is a game of motivation, whoever has the most, gets the furthest.
what is your proudest accomplishment as mayor?
we think that Tabatha needs to take over the UK !!
lol but what a fun show that would be ...
possibilities :
Screeny from is what I use.
haha i will keep that in mind when my strings break haha :P
shrimp might therefore be the ShOOO
Day started off with a call from a Netherlandsbased client.
It's going to be a good Friday.
He learned our song on guitar.
Ah
Happy Friday.
Make it an awesome day by acknowledging everyone around you for the difference they make in your life.
Night to my boy :
getting it
Does that sweater come with a pudding pop?
Really?
I had fun with the fireworks.
They were awesome!
How did you spend your night?
RT Check it out: RT : SMU's Zach Barnes is transferring to Creighton.
Absolutely.
RT : Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries.
Without them humanity can not survive.
Dalai Lama
Packed crowd for CompCloud 2012 keynote the fun is about to begin!
Make money and a reputation.
Compete at www.brandninjas.com
Graduation Day!
Mostly hustling later in the eve so that I can get dinner.
But yeah, 24/7 hustlin' up in this piece!
:P
The Velvet Teen is playing in Portland tonight at Backspace.
I'm now really annoyed that I am not living there.
Please go for me.
Seriously.
: It's hard to beat a person that never gives up.
Babe Ruth
: Off to the AutoShow cuz I felt like it was something I AutoSee .....
god one tommy!!!
The US should just change its name to the 'Divided States of America'.
It would be more appropriate!
Summer went by too soon!!
My first day of 8th Grade tomorrow!
My mantra for the afternoon: inspiration is everywhere...
I'm going to meditate on that and find a better attitude.
I.
Hate.
Group.
Projects.
lool my previous tweet was funny.
Any use of the phrase This paper will earns you an hour in the zombie pit.
This dissertation is about vibronic coupling.
Imagine my disappointment when I realized it's not about battery operated boyfriends.
Always hate how CBS doctorgs out the selection show every year.
Show me the bracket!
good art and design isn't the domain of a privileged few.
go target rep.!
Why's it so hard to choose a venue?!?
Nothing yet feels 100 right...looking at in Racine  Riverbend in Kohler...
This is relevant to my interests.
RT Steve Moore is mixing our new record as we speak, y'all
2nite Party rocking weds  club saga 2 wells  domestics 3 imports  you call it all night arrive early!!
18 to party 21 to doctornk!!
I just want to be your tan lines
Yep!
We're the best  the sweetest!
Gettin it in with THE SQUAD
I only have fives!
And ripped tights!
Pumped for our first of many nights at the Ale House winners table with
Good PK for NYR, they actually had the best scoring chance during the NJD PP.
i would like a follow back since I voted all day
I've heard of that book.
I put it on my list along with Freakanomics and Rich Dad, Poor Dad.
Thank you very much.
I'm glad you like it
I'm making some changes in my life.
If you don't hear from me, you're one of them.
Stop hatin on the celtics yall know what it is son!!!!
Oomf made the wrong choice ..smh
I miss those Encounter celebrations.
Running all over the church.
freedom!!!!!!!!!
Just getting to know and during opening remarks at limcollege panel
Glowsticks everyone.
More bass!
Watching a rerun of Antonio Cromartie struggling to name all of his kids is comical and sad!

We would love too!!
put in a good word for us, tell a friend..
or 2..
lol Cheers!!
We are working on a Europe Tour right now.
Why won't you notice me?/3
Max sleepy now calling it a night
Commission's public input hearing in Fresno is underway.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov..
visit www.thepapercastle.com for charity event info june 3rd at the w hotel in Hollywood
Definition of putting in work:: When u gotta ask yourself did I eat today?
Call me crazy, but I don't really enjoy getting a complementary shot of espresso in my doctornk.
Ingrateful?
Perhaps.
Jittery?
Definitely.
sounds good!
What time works for you?
Call your cell or the office?
They don't clean up as much.
When I need something vacuumed, I need to use a real, tough, wise old vacuum to get the job done.
OMG MY FAVORITE AH OMG BUYING 10 SO LADY GAGA GONE HIPSTER YES BIOTCHH
Just realized the newspaper/magazine store on Third Ave in Chula Vista is now a cafe with a hookah bar :
Thx for coming out and sharing the love.
RT : has 50c with 5 food purchase.
on my second pot already :
JOJO whats the word?
come back to Florida
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Martin Luther King Jr.
SO excited for LifeGroups to start 2nite!!
They're gonna be amazing!!
Get to one near you!
There's a murder on the dancefloor
Believe RT : I keep reminding myself that the game is tied.
It's not helping.
Thanks to for helping me to identify and dump some of the spam that's been following onto this account.
I wanted to go out of town for spring break.
Great 4way match
:D RT : Celebrating Bono's birthday by alternating between pretentiousness and genuine good deeds.
Here's an official GET WELL TWEET to that powerhouse tweeter and awesome gal of DCtheatre, !
So bummed you'll miss
Stoked to see the Wings play the Hawks tomorrow!
One time I didn't mind being behind the camera.
Talked to Serra Baseball coach other day, mentioned listening to state title.
not sure if I put much stock into Klout scores...
whoo hoo!!
I'm cheering for you!
That's a lot to celebrate!
you're
Providence for some Hawkward a cappella
This has been noted.
lmao that's some deep shit.
Alcohol lowers your inhibitions
Loans creeps up on you like a pimp wanting his money back
Just finished watching Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close.
I like a movie that can evoke strong emotion...lots of tears here
Ok st RT Koscheck vs Hendoctorcks Oklahoma State Vs Edinboro who you got?
Your welcome  :
Me thinks your last tweet sounded more like Tyler Durden than yourself.
My personal pick for Best Actress  Michelle Williams.
My prediction  Meryl Streep.
The Favorite  Viola Davis.
Oscars OscarsUpset?!?!?!
More good times  I'm playing Luckenbach Texas tomorrow from 15!
What's up?
I feel a headache coming on.
Pops pills
gosh ur so beautiful i wish i was as beautiful as u r :
Not even a MCFC fan but have watched the winner 8 times and can't even describe it.
If ESPN has done anything right, it's having the EPL
My dog ate half a bag of Hall's cough doctorps last night.
His breathe is a disgusting mix of dog food and MenthoLyptus.
20 new tweets cool 40 new tweets pff 120 tweets WTF !
i cant not read so fast !!
Watching 16Pregnant.
thanks again!
Thank u Michie
As Larry David grew richer from Seinfeld he developed an allergy to caviar, which was the perfect metaphor for my life.
It's only been a week since I refilled my growler, and already I'm almost out of South Cider.
So good!
waves I'm an ASJA member and part of 's class.
RT : Congratulations to the amazing Jeff Pearson for his accomplishments on being the Featured Photographer of May 2012...
wait....u graduatin?
GD morning world :
lol I know!
Indiana is scary
I almost just had a heart attack.
So I go to watch a music video on YouTube and next thing you know, I'm watching a how to bake a cake video..
Need a holiday!
:
Oliver with a Twist
My region so saw him first.
The staff watched next.
All other CBs seen live b4 combine so matter of deduction.
Peter  final call
Even if I had it, it would not be appropriate for Twitter.
See you there!
RT : so pumped for justice tonight!!
Chyeow!
exactly my feelings!
I'm so excited!
: you guys are gonna rock it!!
Yes!
Will do!
Science Cafe  near  dear to my heart!
I want my glasses...
I say yes.
Even with simpler new music it seems to help an audience incredibly.
I try to always lend a hand in understanding.
i'm seeing them on 2/11 in columbus ohio.
can't wait!
Just finished writing my next play.
Letting my editor at it.
Then submitting for consideration in an International short play festival.
Oh to be in Palm Springs today for the 4/20 party.
Longing for sun and beats.
well she is lol
RT : SBS2012 getting underway with opening remarks by and Great set of attendees
Age is?
Wisdom, if one has lived one's life properly
Gotta stop to get this W
did you see that we carry Upland?
I have a copy you can borrow.
Shall I bring it to Wednesday's class?

hands you thickness  now twerk !
nice job!
WILL YOU PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH YOUR SO AMAZING 333
: i really need a laptop with back lit keyboard as do i my friend, as do i.
Up omw to Work Happy MothersDay to my Mommy and other Mothers
So happy  grateful Smart Motors is taking care of car mats  other issues related to my car!
Thank you Steve and staff at !
nice meeting you!
enjoy your bounty.
also enjoy the first piece of fresh fruit you've had since 2002!
I dont think anyone can DO anything that would make him worthy of love.
Love is a gift and cannot be earned.
It can only be give
Can we pretend it's daylight savings time and set the clock back so I can get back the hour of sleep I lost?
I suck at being tired.
Exactly!
RT : Yes!
RT : I think I got so involved in advocacy to reclaim control.
then go to sleep!
lol
:LAKings def STLbues 52 w/goals by Richards, Kopitar,Williams,Carter...and to everyone in Canada outside BC,you're welcome.HA!
RT : Give thanks to him who placed the earth among the waters.
His faithful love endures forever.
Ps 136:6 NLT
Saying hello to the newest member of our twitter fam !!!
Taps the screen and waiving ;
Its like twenty degrees warmer in the hall than my math room.
That awkward little dance your thumbs do when you dont know how to reply to someones text
The 1 is comprised of the rich who put their needs over the Nation's as a whole  the misguided, duped to favor the interests of the 1ers.
Clarity Legal's Timeline application for the desktop is in review at the App Store!
Rooftop pool overlooking the city after a solid morning workout.
Beautiful weather in the Big Easy.
I wanna see the lucky one agaiiiinnnnn!
If you love , you should try SD's
A fav RT : Most people cheat because they're too focused on what they're missing instead of appreciating what they have
Happy St.
Patty's Day!!
Who is celebrating today, anyone making any green crafts for the holiday?!
ya no worries.wanted to stay but had already booked my flight.
Was in a hurry when I had 2go and u were in a hand.
U got this!
Actually, the name of the painting is Mona Lisa as written by Leonardo's biographer Vasari
Winters: Do you have language on this feathering in?
CFO: Will introduce bill after feedback from labor, taxpayers, etc.
Winters: 3 wks left
Slightly addicted to instagram
Totally agree.
RT : Net Smart by is both practical and theoretical, techgeeky and mindfully introspective.
Don't waste time .
Well, he was a kind of last hope, so...
it isn't weird as much as it is grim.
this mad hot freshman at chaminadee...mike was pissed about it
I love how my mom comes in the house at 12 30 and says I have white castle!!!!!
Are you starting a rap career in between your suspension?
Kepler Lucas :I've got a new leash on life!
My Body Is So Tired!
I Wish I Can Just Lay In The Bed
anytime friend :
Thank you honey
return of the sharpie
Sweet!
Email from a parent of a potential Tiger Cub.
I just LOVE this form of Unsolicited Email!.
Got some BL 'nums with and Um...
i repeat :: nobody fucks with the jesus.
and ain't nobody fuck with blockaflocka neither.
Hopefully that is a good sign for the economy.
Chips are definitely selling.
If there is no scene, create your own.
There is nothing like a sensory overload meltdown...
shhh he is finally sleeping.
A Christmas movie works again.
Beyond frustrated...
And again, no sleeping...
you going out tonight?
I do this too!
cc: I'm not sure why I press harder on remote control buttons when I know the batteries are getting weak.
happy birthday oppa!
God bless you and may he give you with many more years of life!
I love you!
That niggah Robert Griffin I with the Redskins now.
He still my niggah though : 
word??...
sleepovers ; lol
Somebody that I use to know may be over played but it's a good song.
What can you expect?!
Finally a Beautiful day out
Well spent!
Jess ROCKS!!
I can almost taste the weekend!
FollowFriday following those who
10 Concerned Men
Omg.
Food poisoning.
Fuck my Life.
If Courtney doesn't get a rose tonight I predict a cameraman or two are going to get some hot action.
Oh
Bynum's shorts would make a good snuggie
You have no idea how things are now
It will become illegal for NY cos who refuse to hire individuals bc they've been unemployed too long Christine Quinn NYC Council Speaker
I end up buying kfc anyway .....lol
Is Following back : I look forward to receiving your tweets.
I survived through a few wicked bad storms in CT.
: If you took the Under tonight int the NFL you need to shave your head bald..
Marbles all look alike..
LMAO..
What a great way to start off my day.
275 bones for a new starter for the jeep.
heh, no, not sad  it's fun!
I quite liked it.
:
Is that a rhetorical question or are we talking about that doctoramy Jacques Ppin fellow?
Recording the DevNews at noon today.
Probably not streaming this time but will soon.
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
Glad you like them :
So funny, and so true.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Erma Bombeck
you should get your mind off things now and shutup with your moody tweets.
YOLO
Hilarious: Go to Google and type in the search phrase: do a barrel roll  minus the quotes, of course.
NYXPO thanks Rhonda!
Look forward to seeing you there  want to meet up for lunch?
not anytime soon...
I gotta work on a few things first...
PuffPuffPassTuesday and MardiGras!
What else can u ask fir??
im totally putting u down in my will for any memorabilia I own!!
Reflecting on a past relationship.
Smh.
That shit sad..
studio in the P.M !
Correction : I trust one person.
Two ads in a row where the narrator or main character spoke with a Scottish accent.
Odd.
Today's Nostalgicon may look like a softie, but this tough guy will take you where you need to go.
Any guesses?
social schedule for AMIA11 is a lot like comiccon.
lots of emails to return  lots of people I want to run into as much as i can.
Just tried smokehouse chicken.
All vegetable filler, and I can get more meat by biting my upper lip.
A disgrace of a sandwich.
Octavia just thanked the state of Alabama.
Haha!
Love it!
Thanks For The Support.
Spread The Word Of Superior Apparel, Help Us Reach 1,000 Swaggers!
Alberta Street Fair is this Saturday from 117!
More info at www.albertamainst.org
Chris paul about to get a trip, dub
6666669 your number is confusing me.
Lol.
You are stunning :
us too!
Wait.
they'd still lose to the bulls
In Music Meeting Local Natives Airplanes Great show last night love the rhythms in this
check your phone
Its so frustrating when ur intentions are good.
I swear I dont mean any harm
guess we'll find out..
Hunger and Thirst for Righteousness
I hate watching movies all day.
Excellent!
I'll forward the info to our Career Fair team.
followed back.
Thanks for the follow!
Its take your daughter to work day well for me at least!
At this golf tourney, this dude is looking for his ball like he grew up with it.
follow our bands:
I'm so sorry for your loss Brandon :/
Have you ever considered that there is more to our lives than what we experience on a physical level?
annabela Tell us how we can make Smarthistory more useful.
Bday trip!
Very nice.
Where to?
its deep catalog of films on physical DVDs
lol he barks at wheelchairs!
I'm back!
enjoyed the prologue.
Quit an explosion!
Made me wonder why he needs boats for his revenge.
It's a Grocery Outlet epidemic.
Everyone's sick.
Now I know where I got it....
Those nights when you're sad for no reason you can put into words.
Just getting home my mom surprised me at school and came and got me at 9:30 lol :
Can I sleep forever?.
God is greeeeaaattttt!!!
2 more days till the big move to Detroit god is with me every step of the way so greatful
What EP songs should we play this Friday at St.
Paul's??
: Is this the way you play this little game?
Read the link.
It was the paper itself that issued the retraction.
Good luck PG!
We're looking forward to your new material!
The RSC.
Tuesdays from 12:1012:50 on Engineering mall and thurs at HAAS lawn at same times!
my day and week has been crazy but crazy good.
And you?
Sponsor Party tonight!
Should be a great time!
is stilla at work since 5am!
Almost out of here...Tired, but thats my job!
Gotta love it!
Had a great day today!
Miranda Rising mirandarising.com performs May 22 hunger awareness festival  a Season of Service Event sandiegocityfest.com /season/hunger
Fucking piece of shit, worthless blackberry, if I had a gun I'll fucking shoot the motherfucker until it crashed for ever!
87 of expecting women want their husband/partner in the delivery room with them.
You're so lucky!
Haha, if it was Justin I'd beg cry and scream cause I missed so many opportunities.
Enjoyy :P
Ha, yes, you caught me.
The NC mention did happen to catch my eye.
But I do imagine that would be quite a fun event to watch!
followed.
Xx can you give me a shoutout?
I'm new
Peace, Ihsan!
Appreciate you!
have heard horror stories.
A healthier dinner at !
:
Dam its nice as fuck in Chicago today waaaaaaat lol
Got put on call tonight.
Hope they don't call me!
Also I think I'm getting a massage next time I get paid.
Need it!
Any ideas for a birthday celebration???
I dont know what to do!
SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO she's 23 today!
3 3
She's at work until 8.
I'm awesome at answering texts if it's something you want to vent to me about.
awesome.
Can't wait!
Thanks again for chatting with me today :
no tweets yet?
To keep berries fresh after buying or picking, soak in 1 part vinegar/ 10 parts water.
doctor and refrigerate.No fuzz, mold or bacteria!
baby due in 10 days and for 9 months of pregnancy: a skinny girl margi please!!
Thank you for introducing me to Pocky.
Its amazing!
I just bought like 2 boxes and ate literally all of it :3
Just finished reading Where Men Win Glory, the Pat Tillman Odyssey; great read by Jon Krakeur
Finally got my phone turned back on!
Rocking the Tbolt for now.
I'm upset to be missing as well.
oh well I guess, there's always next time!
lol we left!
We got y'all next time :
it's only 20 dollars a year.
Do you get allowance
Omfg, my stupid friends only start rumor about me, omfg.
.
in class hby
I want wisconsin to beat syracuse; I know this game will go to the wire
No vomit?
: On my pants today: permanent acrylic paint, coffee, doctor erase marker, blood, chocolate frosting
NCAA Sweet 16 and all the 1 seeds are still in it...sadly UNLV was out early
Restaurant serving Mediterranean Inspired Northwest Vegan food, will be closed tomorrow to participate in Occupy Portland event.
surrounded by old people in this meeting.
idc im making my move to come out on top
Lol so according to this guy I'm the fakest and my pussy is a lie.
Lmaoo why cuz u never got any??
whyyoumadtho?
Am still laughing at can't believe what she said on WW during the ask WT.
Think I pee'd alittle.
OhBaby!
Hey Allen!
My pleasure!
How have you been doing?
Having a writing session with :
Can't believe the Horseshoe Casino is opening in just a few hours.
What an exciting time for our awesome city!
's 1st Women in Biz Conf.
will include presentations by , , , , and !
: About to hit this chair massage from GreatAfternoonAhead Great working with you!
Hope you feel great!
When your legs are so smooth that you can't stop touching them, and you end up looking like you're raping yourself all day 

Beauty gets the attention Personality gets the heart.
Airport delays are for outlining dissertation chapters.
Yeah, I can sense your jealousy all the way from Cleveland.
Tomasetti rep,  wind speed at time of collapse was 59 mph.
If there is a problem dealing with your ex or childoctorn, history proves that repeating the same behavior will not have a different result.
No.
Some things are sacred.
RT : I need puns on the passing of MCA
It's fine
What is 4 worth of sushi?
1/3 of a California Roll?
come to Tobys Sun at 5p if you can!
Happy birthday to I love u happy 19th birthday
Welcome to the team Matt Hawkins, and Andoctorw Marcy!
Thanks for coming and for sharing that photo.
The party was a blast.
Go innovators!
omg the mayflies?!?
HATE!!!
you paid me yesterday.
glad to have you in!
Enjoy!
inconsiderate, yet beastly...
interesting.
Some comicbook stores aren't carrying Mixtape b/c they didn't order copies that people requested.Would love to hear their sad excuses.
Have you had any issues with night vision?
So...
how's it going?
you're a nice girl
he about to become YouTube famous lol
: ILikeItWhen you like it ;
NEVER using crazy glue again.
Hey if the bulls are lookn for someone to replace Rose...they should consider Bogans!
I've made so many mistakes in my life and now they r all coming back to me so how do I make my life better?
Just know that I'm truly sorry.
WE ARE WE ARE WE ARE THE RAVENNATION
guilty until proven innocent lol
I think we need to come here all the time: Toranoko, next door to Lazy Ox.
Hendoctorcks martini.
Soft shell crab.
Only missing Jeff.
Yep that is my take as well.
Wow , I need more followers.
:/
I mean really, they stand to be some of the greatest commentaries next to Invader Zim and Futurama.
whatca know about half off 97 items!
Son
Definitely.
It was a STEAL just a little over a decade ago.
Thing is, it's still reasonable.
Faithful girls cry the most...
where is Amare?
Coffee sounds like a great idea.
Happy Friday!
I don't know who to believe about this.
Sex.
In America an obsession.
In other parts of the world a fact.
It is not.
That is truth.
Ans Truth will make you free.
Now lift those dirty hands and give God a praise for your freedom.
You ever think the person you were supposed to be with died before you ever met them?
A depressing thought, unless youre Vic Frankenstein.
I usually don't like players who are felons but Burress is a gr8 deep ball threat and makes those fade routes look too easy.
RT : And were off!
Q1 What are the tools you cant live without as a CM?
I'm sad to leave you buried in the backyard of this house, but you will always be in my heart.
I think you put on your unlucky pants.
Take em off.
Cell phone, I dont know why you keep capitalizing VODKA, But I like the way you party....
attach the link cuz my lazy fingers are too fat and tired.
Even though I had to type this...wtf is wrong with me?
I'll retweet
Looking at the crowd at the Thunder game, I love everything about that team and fan base
Nick, why are you playing Halloween shows?
It's not even May 
Is it bad that I want to be back in school?
follow me and ill follow you of ill give ya a cookie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thx so much for following!
FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I guess its just me pandora and my thoughts tn....
and that's cool...maybe its what I need
Hope you're ready for the Baltimore experience style!
Can't wait!
Wanting to send a message to my peops regarding New Moon, but FB mobile is being snotty.
SJ, Jean, Phyll, John  wait for it .
.
.
You'll do fine!
You should check out our website.
We can pair you with the scholarship that you're most likely to win.
It's simple.
my stomache feels like its about to fall out.
44 overall on tonight's picks.
Back to business winning tomorrow.
Just a juice loss tonight, 158 last 23 picks now.
So tired of Obama's crap.
Can't wait to vote him out!
not feelin today
have to maintain a vigilant watch over them, lest they cheat.
The whole World is watching.................
ill give it a go my email is
I'll have you know, I am quite popular in certain, small, sad circles.
I love baseball.
And Bob Euckre.
Your rite tho but it just aint me
This is not the America we used to know.
So sad...
I was just visiting my grandma...but Thanks for worrying sis...
MW3 8 in the morning?
Yup.
Summertime :
Nice RT : Thomas Kinkade died from doctorg/alcohol overdose, suggesting his critics were wrong and he actually was a real artist.
Playing  Sadie Rene's w Should be a fun gig.
Word is a few famous people are showing up!
Met a nice and funny 16 year old guy tonight....
He was cute heheheheh :
With Chad Henne potentially out for the season, do you see the Fins trading for Orton now?
Just wrapped up another episode of www.iphoneslutz.com  good times, good good times.
hey hey hi
The sweeper to shredder ratio has reached Threat Level Midnight in LA.
Our waterways are no longer safe.
g'nite!
Awesome game against Cowgurls.
Went 2 UNI w/Warner, he was a true gentleman.
Loved meeting Larry's dad Vikes 50th!
um so I got the glue out so I put the cheetah nails on and I can't lift anything x I feel ghetto
TMJ4 spoke with the sister of one of the teens involved in the Campbellsport crash.
Tune in to todaystmj4 for the latest.
Todd Hicks TMJ4
Thanks!
Back at you!
that song is really good!
Wait till next week...for Work Hard.
Wiz just gonna take over the radio for the spring and summer!
muhmmm k muhmmm k GREAT to know MY love bunnii...miss you :
congrats coach thibs on fastest in nba HISTORY to get 100 wins!

WhatiLoveMost, Waking up too a Good morning.
message from you.
:
Thank you!
We'll pass your shout out along to Jeannette!
not gonna lie it was a good one I give you props.
lol
Seen on campus today: One John Lennon and one Jimi Hendoctorx tshirt.
NDATDB!
Coming to a town near you!
If you haven't seen them live yet you really should check them out!
Their always GREAT!!!
3 more nights till and take over the airwaves on xxo
Now she's mad at me.
Great!
Just great.
Siesta round dos?
Welp see ya later.
Woo...
501 followers.
But hubby is closing in on me quickly with 447.
Boo.
My plan of a flaming bag of poo on DGB's doorstep and blaming it on Arkansas fans worked to perfection.
Don't allow man's opinion of who they think u r 2 limit who u can become.
Remember we serve a God whose ability surpasses time  space!
One Hour untill the giveaway keep retweeting
Screw the playoffs.
Orioles Fanfest is right around the corner!
Thanks for the great picture!
Glad to see you're enjoying your beaver and DAMSuccess .com 
sure.
For your final?
Send it and we can chat in qrt.
Happy Golden Globes  good luck to all the nominees really great work this year everyone!
come on TSizzle Skip is dissing you bigtime on his show
writing a recommendation letter to Go Tell it on the Mountain this morning.
Feeling inexplicably happy.
Omg that awkward moment when you and StevenReinken match and don't plan it...
THEY WONT SEE THIS ONE COMING.
missed this lovely
:O no problem!
can I get your undie?!
:
Did you know Benjamin Franklin, Isaac Newton, Charles Dickens and Winston Churchill all suffered from insomnia?
not really massage therapists as much as rehab speacialist.
Eye got a team to fix it.
Just need to re strengthen it properly
because if i posted with my real name you would just delete it anyways.
Watching Harry Potter....
I love the films and hated the books....
so good seeing you too!
Thanks so much for inviting me back :
In protest against bad IP law, Mexican restaurants across the American Southwest are today renaming a popular dessert SOPAPIPAS.
Our truest life is when we are in doctorams awake.
Henry David Thoreau
I take that back...list of 4 I had already...
Love it!!
M looks tasty!
I utilize tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
YoMommaSoFat she has shocks on her toilet.
No, not at game haha.
Our friend's first time in Cali.
We showed her around LA Live and crazy Lakers fans.
What's good with u guys ...
It's been a while
I think we could significantly cut down the number of different pasta shapes and still be okay.
Sacramento!
Watch on  Xfinity OnDemand!
I think Diary will forever be my favorite track
May 7,1942 Churchill told Eden he was considering replacing Auchinleck with Alexander.
occupyimprov 99 of Chicago Improvisers pay to perform or perform for free.
ff and because art history should be funny sometimes
hey there...NJ USA here...how u like Canada?' are u native?
I wasn't at your concert, so I have no picture for you to RT.
awks
Hmm, okay might have to tune into the show then.
Only saw one where he was near Chernobyl..scary
Thanks for the share!
Hope all's well.
Ever met a woman named Chyna?
And I'm close to 900 followers so follow 3 I follow back!!
Promise :
I like them as a wrap better.
Do you call them wraps?
They aren't sandwiches.
50 of my course grade rides on the translation exam I am about to pseudosightread.
Good night my Tweets and FBs!!
Wish was opening for for great local talent.
Almost 5 mins in and melo or stottlemyre haven't touched the ball.
New York sucks
definitely both but I was talking about Frank :O
Thanks for the follow.
Thank you  I needed to read this right now.
We all hope you guys are having fun with WeSeed!
Just let us know if you have any questions or suggestions.
tnx for follow.
Coincidently just realized u wrote Favreau piece.
yr exllnt recent stuff  I feel in proximity o'greatness.
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
is?
Or did you purposely put r?
The Book of Mormon is musical theater as it should be equal parts entertaining, hysterically sinister and daring.
What talent!
There's something wrong with Esther.
To the Blue Ridge Mountains, over near Tennessee
our pleasure.
We appreciate the lack of stress when we have sponsors.
When you go to follow fans I'm never online !!
Oh well i'll have my time
Hot  no socks
My signature sounds can all be heard in the upcoming smash hit, !
Hope you're well, bro!
So grateful for all that is!
Fresh strawberry shakes are awesome!
haha you are wrong that ...
but some of them do smell.
Want to learn how to tailgate like a pro?
Come to my tailgating class on May 17th.
Hands on demonstration and samples ;...
There is something about the name Jesus!
I'm so impatient!
But, good things come to those who wait!
Follow me!
I love u so much!
:D
: That awkward moment when someone says naked  and your like 'my boyfriend, harry styles, does that a lot' ;
Happy Bday!
Hope the 30's are as good as the 20's!
Where is
Another month.
Another year.
Another smile.
Another tear.
Another winter and another summer too.
But there can never be another you.
RT Winter weather advisory in effect until 1 PM today.
Roads are becoming snow covered.
Use caution.
would u plzz follow me?
Im a huge fan 3
hi, I'm one of your constituents and supporter.
Are you planning on supporting or opposing CISPA?
A big Happy birthday to so glad to have you here!!
it's not for him.
Technically the federal holiday is Wasington's birthday...
Ron Paul videos pump me up
SHEESH!!!
Wow.
On earth?!
Really.
I might just make you prove this accusation
No doubt
tomorriw since it's valentine's day and you're my lesbian lover.
By the way, I got a tatoo that's why I wasn't at school.
I'm looking for , where you bitches hiding?
The talks me and have when we go out to eat 
atrocious play by the Hawks AGAIN!!!
yup, your right but understand.
last week of work??
Ain't recognize even one of these bitches
hope we get in for some trial runs.
I miss my trips down to Santa Maria and all the great food
I feel like 2day is gonna be a GREAT day..
Man invents golf ball that automatically goes in hole if it gets to within 4 inches.
Tragedy strikes when man puts invention in back pocket.
no we haven't.
yeah its pretty bad!!
I'm not even sure Jim will understand my vm.
lol
Ie.
Registration for the golf tourney is back open!
June 1st!
Coronado golf course!
Lol that's a front.
Karl Marx's Communist Manifesto
A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.
Is not the mountain far more awe inspiring and....visible to one
i think the x factor.
she got like 15 mil for it or something.
We're ahead, but it's not done without admit strategy.
Skincare Treat!
RT and Follow to win 1 of 4 Black Sea Mud Soaps in their Soap Dishes.
Ends 11th May 2012 at 11 am EST.
He really needs to watch what he says or he will lose all of his fans.
Maybe now he can be called the Kanye West of country music?
:
thanks, Teri!
it's been a great day :
tomorrow morning at 7am reggie on our show!
S/O TO MY NEWEST FOLLOWER...
THANKS SO MUCH..
I FOLLOWED BACK...
!!
People come in out of your LIFE for a reason!!!
Travis is going to try the PB burger!!!!!
Ella loves peanut butter!
show jan 15 at 6pm at peabodys..we open up for afroman if u want tickets hit my jack..2167726481 shit real
RT Cigarette Smoking ....Major turn off...
Yuck!!
Doesn't matter where SB ends up.
World ends in 2012!!
Bring it.
We need some REALLY good CUPCAKES at the Denver County Fair this year!
Email: to connect!
follow me please
lame.
you're arriving the day after I leave!
Right when I seen Subwayfan I thought this tread is for you.
please keep a seat open for me!
A good start would be fucking 60 dollars in my pocket :
great event last night.
Think Big Baltimore  Where are the idea hot houses
Neat site, love the creative interactions/filters on a few of the interior pages.
Great job.
follow first
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic good reviews in Music Connection  American Songwriter!
BEKA  THE GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Hee hee there were kids around.
:
Ha, cute joke!
But stick w/ day job RT : yea, you have a problem with a hockey chick havin more class then you?
atomic.
Cleveland park.
This weekend gonna be fiya
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Epictetus
SEMA Convention is in Vegas this week, and man is this town buzzin!
Stop by my restaurant just down the street: www.SATAYlasvegas.com
Welcome, piggies!
RT : Media is proud to be a new member of the Twitterverse.
That's interesting.
My daily horoscope didn't mention I'd be locked out of my car for two hours.
Oh well.
cest la vie.
Wow.
What a beautiful place to be!
Happy birthday
getting an industrial and my tounge pierced by the end of February :D
dude you gotta hear it!
Words can NOT describe...
Information is not knowledge.Albert Einstein
I'll post the KLP martini recipe as soon as I can find it.
We miss you too!
Yoga.
With vinnie marino!!
Happy news is on its way to you.
Play Alganon
If you are not part of the cure, then you are part of the problem
Exactly!
I don't tweet against family!
i cant bring you the coke, but I can send some smiles!
there's and army of em!
Hahaa Feel better!
:
AGREE it was DOPE  YOU ALL ROCKED IT!
if youre coming to see us tonight at HOB, GET HERE NOW because we are playing in the cambridge room at 5:15!
nigga i have liked the knicks since i was a kid so stfu!!
I had a knicks a'mare jersey before the melo one dumass!!
Lazy lion.
Committee will consider approval of preliminary report and a resolution for formal investigation with subpoena power on the Trust.
Naw and thanx RT : I bet I feel better than you and happy belated bday !
did you go see a heat game?
Mayne they ballers!
depends on your point of view...
Lol
I really HATE rats!!!
Ok cool!!!!
Rock out on your Tour!!
Siri is awesome, get the 4S.
Done:i
i finally got back to that article...
thanks!
I've been really laid back lately but I'm definetly ready to get back out there and do some playing...
Are you ready for Winter?
Me neither.
Let's go RedSox!!!!!
Whether you are black or white or brown or yellow  God loves you so much!
getting ready to swing back into workiejerk with a lil BJORK....
oops just saw your tweet Thank you!
: I'll post some pics once it launches!
I know right!!
And I'm scared I just lost power!!!!!!
Hold my older sisters hand!!!!
IS IN THE HOLIDAYS SPIRIT!
Three out of four ain't bad.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do, well.
Henry W.
Longfellow
Thank you for a double dose of tonight!!!
Too much accent light will lessen the impact,and then creating to much general background light,rather than accentuating a specific feature
and primo are on David Lettermen right now!
freesol killed it.
I mean seriously amazing !
And Teddy those doctorms...Damn!
I am going to try my hardest to be there.
HM Announce Spring Collaboration with Marni It's barely been two weeks since the Versace for H M Collection launched on both sides of t
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 3
Shout Out 
O thats sad will i hope you have a wonderful birthday and I hope u are glad you are 16.
I'm up here busting my ass so I can make tons of money so the people I love won't have to worry about shit.
What are y'all doin?
Taking OGTs
RT  Texans continue dominance vs.
Dolphins, move to 20: MIAMI  With the game on the line, fivetime Pro Bowler Andoctor ...
no i havnt i was finna text u earlier today but some shit thru me off im finna text u
are ya gonna keep him?
Care to email me about those rumors?
Home from work, time to workout
Beautiful day out...the only thing to make it better is a cold, refreshing Pinkberry!
Congrats...That sounds very interesting...hope it gets selected.
Flag Room?
Lol
Nothing is more annoying than being in a bad mood for no apparent reason and being asked what's wrong?
over and over again.
Peyton is gonna be in Miami sitting in the Hot Tub living it up with his soul mate....
I guess with Bush gone the media now has the piggy flu to push on all the sheep.
Fear mongering at it's best.
wow dude i just fin' saw this o.o damn i'm like months late and shit!
:o
Tomorrow's another hot day.
Come create and be cool!
We have air conditioning : doctorpin's are 10:00am8:00pm.
I LOVE SNOOKI !
The awkward moment when you're trying to tell a really funny story but you're laughing too much to talk.
Can't blame them for trying!
: What isnatitude supposed to mean?
Is it the same thing as attitude?
Michael KiddGilchrist just went Derrick rose 2 hand cram on an innocent bystander from Portland.
Top 10 on SC
ARE YOU SERIOUS??!!!
WHATS HIS SKYPE NAME??!!
'Consequently fear of the present leads to mystification of the past.' J.Berger
THE REAL YOU is NOT your popularity, your money nor your job but what's left over when those things are not present.
inDanvilleVa Niggas Call They Self Another Grown Man's Name Like The Shit Cute!
Going to see this summer !!!
good morning beautiful
RT : I want it to snow a lot !
that is the coolest clock I've ever seen Louis!
I want it :
all PLEASE disregard any disparaging messages received from me ...my account was hacked..been reported..fixing now
there's some bad twitter DM spam going around with a mssg reading something about horrible rumors about you.
don't open.
Be real
Been checking my twits, and am watching some tv, then got to go to bed might need some viagra tonight.
Have I ever told anyone how much I fucking love the Olympics?
If you ever see me yell at my phone, dont worry, im just playing Words With Friends...and losing.
Lol
But if we are indwelt by the Holy Spirit it seems like a natural consequence I believe
If you know of any scholarships please send me links.
I need to raise a lot of money to go to my top college
danglucky girl
I miss you when its
im bored we should hang out.
but im always bored if im not at papa johns.
Like Nixon in '68, Romney has a secret immigration plan he will tell us if, and when, he is elected.
Its great!
ActorStuff: Forget the audience.
Connect only with the story.
thanks for the warm words/announcing me and asking me to join you before the congregation today at Greater Mount Calvary!
He's so fucking handsome...
The ATL Housewives are an ebarrassement
According to Wiki it's a sound because it's much wider than a fjord  it's just made up of a bunch of waterways  basins :D
Take chances and never have regrets..xo model stephanie ann
Thinking of hitting up the local Farmers Market after work today!!
Beautiful day for it!!
Childish Gambino is so underrated!!!
Shouldn't you be busy apologizing for WalMart?
Come on, bishop!
Make a play!
Policy should never diverge from logic
I am now following you.
Have a good weekend!
A snickers label is going to grow out of my leg
: This was pretty damn funny, but let's be real here.
Game 7 in LA.
Kobe Bryant.
Denver Nuggets.
I'd say the Lakers got this
People who read my messages without my permission.
Who does that??
you said Right Now
Wish I had some taco bell right now!!!
if you knew what i knew and had experienced what i experienced, you'd have no choice but to believe.
3
This sucks!
RT : Seth Davis, Wilde, Bilas  now Cowherd hammering away at Bo Ryan for blocking the transfer.
Will coach cave?
walker just trashed the people of Wisconsin for 154K.
That gives us the incentive to GOTV to recallwalker ALEC WI cheapens us all.
Im in a real bad moid right now.
Feel like I need to abandon teamblackberry where's the BB love teamandoctorid sounds appealing
I work at
Most of the things I worry about never happen anyway
Never let you go oh oh oh oh.
THANKS FOR BEING MY 500th FOLLOWER, Thanks to everyone that follows me
That is why He sent His Son Jesus to die for you on the Cross.
They aren't anywhere close to Nicks and Cruz.
I have to set a trade deadline.
Front row for Rodgers, Matthews and Coach
Gold's too soft.
At least Vibranium.
Probably Adamantium.
I love that it was too much work to type three times.
Adorbs.
X3
Between DEN  TEN.
Only way DEN loses if TEN offers an enormous contract  part ownership of Titans.
Rumors of 90 mill contract
Don't know.
Let me get back to you on that.
Have a lot coming up on weekend with bros graduation, work events, etc.
kennseth looks fast hoping the 11 18 hook up and one of them wins.
Over 60 of the US Hispanic population is under age 35, and 75 is under age 45.
your welcome I support u sweetie :
Electrical outlets are more popular than video games at sxswi.
ok that's a stretch
That was a dumb final possession.
I'd like to get another copy myself.
I didn't understand it back then.
We used to sell your chord book too.
Also, do you need to lose weight?
Try this great tip!
Scouting for Food collection today!
Make sure to put get those cans out before the scouts come by!
25 cats and Bruce !!!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 64
seriously, they're either messing with Texas or trying their best to piss off every LSU fan in the world
Just when you get ready for the storm one phone call can reveal the calm.
My annoyance has been redirected  I'm ready to listen.
Slipped the surly bonds I did
My story on invasive plants, especially garlic mustard, airs at 4pm.
Seriously just want to go home and pull weeds right now!
I has the weirdest doctoram.
According to , I hear has a purdy mouth!
i no am getting ready to go to atl next wensday soo i been bizy with music
Yeah, I struggled with that word.
Ended up qualifying it as their reality.
But there's nothing real about it.
I'm gobsmacked.
love you man.
Thanks for the support.
I will work out with you!
Want to tonight?
Text me if you feel like it.
Trailer Film The Expendables 2 Dirilis
Good to see you!
We love us some !
RT : Pick up the latest issue Magazine to find out our list of Top 20 MKE Patios/Outdoor Dining!
VKML LOOKS THIN!
I was beast today
RT : Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT at The Mansion TONIGHT....doctorSS CODE IS STRICTLY ENFORCED!
Follow and R/T this to win a Full Size Exuviance Heel Repair contest giveaway tweetsw.in/608/
Puckett goes hard to the basket and gets hacked.
Makes 1.
Kings up 29 to 15.
34 seconds left in 1st.
You guys are opening an Alamo in NYC?
If this is true, I will buy you a shot of Jameson's.
It's Monday and I have six hours of meetings.
So those swirly lavender creatures from The Abyss don't actually live at the bottom of the Mariana Trench?
Did you try a sample of our Ethiopian Sidamo  the Boston Local Food Festival?
Buy online  raoscoffee.com ...Love Your Coffee 3
Ok now I sound like a hater hatenot I will buy one just to support and walk in Portland!
Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Dude.
Ugh.
Check out the McKees Rocks Employment  Training Center and 'Like' us on Facebook!
Blackberry really needs to upgrade on their Apps.
happy Mothers Day to ur mom !3
TY 4 the followback.
I'm a local sax player with things like this to offer
Red Cross needs Type O negative blood in Mo.
Less than one day's supply.
Thanks girl!!!
Have a good weekend!!
:
I'm doing aite what about you?
Genesee called my bluff  I love that building and thought it could be saved, but I love beer and new development more.
Go forth!
yeah I was wondering where yo azz was  :P
I'm the same way.
I don't take it every day.
But when I NEED to sleep one 3mg pill gets me through a night more than normal.
the creative genius behind
Has Jo ever beaten Rafa?
I've seen those jerseys for sale I didn't realize people actually wore them.
Especially 4 years later...
I am BEYOND confused today, ppl are having the oddest issues, and asking me the weirdest questions.
I'm in the
yup you can!
Works for ipod touches too.
Tuesday Quote: history museum historical Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.
JFK  1961
i DMed you DM me back please
Dev guys in India are on track for month end.
New designer dude is reworking logo and site design.
Mojo is all good.
Holy smoke...just got the most amazing surprise in the mail from !
I will be using my gift card soon.
Thanks SO much!
xox
Now will the president go to the P g family BBQ
welcome back to USA
Ordering  a Chinese restaurant.
Waiter: ha you be helped?.
Debo's reply yea we're cool...just ordered a couple beaner cutlets.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
: If I was in Kalamazoo...
Id be in the kitchen all thru May!!
Cooking cooking cooking WE LOVE YOU MA :
Better lives for childoctorn leads to a better climate for business in Colorado Ted Brown of Noble Energy.
is it sad that writing a paper that provides actual, interesting criticism and research makes getting a phd in english not totally crazy????
Can you talk about some of the stats you get back from Publicaster?
What do you pay attention to and why?
Pooh.
Giants field goal.
so nice finally meeting you!
Getting your garden going?
Come see Bob's beautiful handcrafted cedar planters at wholesale prices SE 79th  Foster 117.
askgeorge do you like playing kyle in waterloo road?
x
Filled out survey and RT'd.
Retweet this if your standing in line for a chance to win something!
Its true yu really need to invest in yourself!!
you cant depend or wait on anybody!!
Get off his overhyped jock!
That's the most irrelevant 'historical' stat..
e let's go together and see it!!!
that's sick man!
How many people can say they have their own nightlight?!
Though they should do a legit one of your face!
Haha
HIT UP : GOT A HOT ARTIST THAT HAS A BUZZ?!
HMU TRYNA BOOK ARTISTS TO HOST TAPES
go die lol
Haha exactly!!
Ha night
having doctornks at epic.
You?
I was until made me sick of them.
RT : I thought you were a Knicks fan?
we ate it with a tamari  sesame oil dipping sauce.
It was so good I just wanted to eat it plain!
Very Winston Churchill :
I just wanna TV...
OomfNeedsTo Hang out with me like a lot before I move.
It's Mardi Gras time in Louisiana.
The parades roll this weekend and next.
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  establishes which spouse is responsible for paying off debt.
quoteathon: at some point you have to say no to everything else and yes to the essential pieces of the experience
I shrieked loud in agony, Either this is madness or it is Hell.
It is neither, calmly replied the voice of the Sphere, it is Knowledge
I am sorry but I hav to tell you this: IMHO Tim Burton is getting too comfortable with himself and his cast.
10 min tell new victoious cant wait to see it yyaaa 3
RT : RT : Lawyer: C represents a number, right?
Expert: C is a hexadecimal number.
Jury: confused looks
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Mohandas Gandhi
Red State is now on Netflix Instant.
It wasn't and you should have come.
It was a flash mob party.
you eyes look WEIRD here!
D:
This is how you eeaaattt iitttttt
That antidarkskin bitch blew me I saw that shit she said bout treyvon bitch suck a dick and die slowly
RT : Who n firestne !?
whole damn city!
Yuni B is worthless
thx for tweeting book2; the session leader is
Better solutions are always local and based on the context and expertise of people within communities
Our poor car!!
Was parked in a parking lot and some one backed right into us full speed.
Awesome.
Our CT has a big booboo.
Hey, shes not your daughter, seriously mind your own business.
RT : game on.
No way lakers lose in first round son, this is 2012 no Otom and No mister Elbow Guy.
notsoslowly and surely becoming obsessed with
u on tonight?
Hot pink jeep wrangler with zebra seats....
WTF?
Did they put the Barbie doctoram Jeep in production??
O yeah,Ken was doctorving it though...
everything happens 4 a reason
yayyy we can't wait!
alright bro!
yeah finale but idk if its the last episode forever
Seahawks receivers can't catch a cold!
sorry love.
Duty called.
But I owe you more than one.
Judge Harold Meyerson that Frank Bardacke's book is a masterpiece, the best nonfiction work of the 21st Century so far.
almost 22millionbeliebers and i still BELIEVE youll follow me
UKnoUrPrioritiesAreFuckUp when u choosing ur boys over ur wife and kids.
Playtime is over get ur shit together.
just went for a short run now to get ready for work...wahhh
How does my 80 minute class go by 100x slower than my 180 minute class?
can have my kids any day.
Appreciate the time that you have now.
As every second passes, you'll never be that young ever again.
My first time getting roofied 3333333333333
It's a Skype kinda day.
Users over the last year  Facebook 97, MySpace 5, Twitter 2681, would hate to be the guy taking calls from Murdoch at MySpace
I work long nights for easy days
Hi Maggie!
No, it's through SDA, but you can get 1 CEU.
SDA is affiliated with AIA.
Tell 'em to come and join us!
I won three hours of limo service.
My friend put his feet in and they pulled him back before he stepped on one of the three.
Hey, hows it goin everyone?
Having a good monday night?
Just saw your tweet  and now I'm craving peanut butter cookies in milk chocolate!
Yum!
2012 won't be Any different from 2011  Still gon' be Lies, Snakes, and more Haters!
X.X
Plans for Negril  New Years Eve 2013 are slowly happening.
Who's coming?
In enemy territory, sporting my shirt proudly.
only to find out someone changed their handle to something super random so the one you memorized is good for nothing.
Womp Womp
Off to take care of some business and then to train Charlie!
Charlie pushes himself to the max every session!1367 watts on his bikeNEW PR!
BYU could be top 10 undefeated too RT Boise was Top10 that year.
13 of Women Watch Porn at Work
Absolutely everything happens for a reason...
Cause and Effect.
Olive Garden 3
wtf is that link?
Q from FB: Do you believe that adeqate progress being made concerning the effort against the Somali pirates?
Any changes anticipated?
omg i'm excited, though i imagined Gale to be a bit more tall dark handsome type
QUICK BREAK: What is one thing you are grateful for about your day?
I'm so sorry.
FOLLOW ME:D ILY
NF Hi Diva!!!
Love your music and hope we could get into networking with one another.
I feel ya on that one!
:x
I think social media builds and sustains momentum for reality TV shows especially during a hiatus.
Talk abt biting the hand that feeds you.
One more nail in the coffin..
shitnoonesays : CSI is awesome it's like a day away from everyone I want CSI
Aspiring ppl around u makes doctorams happen
I Woke Up At 1pm And I'm Still Tired :/.
Laying out with : 
you know what the hell im tlkn bout b!
Funny how a melody; sounds like a memory.
yus you did talk to kaitlyn
stink said tampa was soft last year
Aetna Insurance sucks!
Evidently, they feel they don't have to cover a current paid insured's cancer treatment!
Inhumane and unfair!
why pay 300 dollars to party when skyy is only 20 dollars a fifth
D: Damn.
I'll spread the bad news...
eating beaners for breakfast

inhales  exhales  my bestfriend just made me feel soo much better .
Ever doctoram of doctorving the ball 450 yards?
Meet in person this SATURDAY at Dick's Sporting Goods Washington Square 124pm!
Hi tweets, I am looking for a nanny or evening/weekend childcare center in the Richmond, VA area.
Anyone know anyone?
thx
Now,when I go to the bathroom I thinkIf you were here we'd be taking picturesI promise I won't have the pizza till you come back!
Im about to stop!!!
I can't think of one library journal that publishes on librarian fashion or rants about the professorssion.
Jones or machida?
Going to tonight with our 2 yr old.
Wish u were here, !
kiss the cook.
Happy Veterans Day!
Thank you to veterans of all generations for everything you do to protect our great nation.
Leaders think and talk about the solutions.
Followers think and talk about the problems.
Brian Tracy..Which category do you fall into?
3 Love is truly blind because your mom loved you before she saw your face...Happy Mother's Day to all the Twitter Mom's 3
Cialis...
your body is telling you to forget about it...take up Golf!
Shout out to my homie and
No, traveling east is brutal.
How you can love soaps and think the Dark Shadows trailer is fantastic is totally beyond human comprehension.
hey yo wtf?
I get no tag?
Def feeling no less than sign 3
your absolutely right!
GJ actually tweeted yesterday that the team remembers the tough loss in 2007 NFC Title game!
Soo, we got an outfielder.
Because you know, scoring 9 runs isn't enough to win a game...
I Watch  I Learn  Thats How I Know Who's Real...
Actions Speak Louder
good morning robert i hope you get feeling better!
Started playing Shadow of the Colossus right away, and I have no clue what to do or where to go.
They say you can lead a horse to water but you can't make them to doctornk it.
Done with doctorgging a mule.
I want you.
Helpless and beside yourself and desperate to be inside me.
But don't pay any attention to me.
I've not been sleeping.
Um, does playing on one's iPad constitute winding down?
Hopefully ;
Final inspection, closing, new buyer, new listing  gen'l Mon craziness on 3.5 hrs sleep  no caffeine.
What are the odds that I'll make it?
when do the English editions begin?
if yur girl gets mad at you and you love her , dont give up , fight for her and dont move on , and she'll know you love her.
Had you rather Caesar were living, and die all slaves, than that Caesar were dead, to live all freemen?
why u in?
Sweet action!
RT : Giving a guest photo lecture tonight at The Art Institute of Austin.
ttp://bit.ly/IZwV2C
Jason thank you so much!
We both look forward to having you join us on June 1st.
Really makes our day.
Connorproofing the house has quickly become Mommy and Daddy proofing as well!!!
Who do you want to win the masters?
Chocolate IS good for you.
says so!
Hope to taste more at
Yea...I know how you feel.
Kind of an East Coast game this year.
We're cheering for the commercials!
I really wish you'd stop holdng back
What happened to Alex Sulzer?

Confidence is contagious.
So is lack of confidence.
Vince Lombardi
Thank you!!!
After 30, shots should start counting as halfgoals.
I LOVE summer  hot weather, but we need a little closure for this year.
Got to get back to Port Aransas.
Need more tshirt clients there.
lol u silly
i have a party and softball on Friday i have a party and softball on Saturday i have a party and softball on Sunday , fun weekend :
kahne: there are twice as many farmville farms as real farms in the united states.
Count it all joy...!
Because even on the hardest of days, you're at least alive to see them through...
Damn day two with P90X and its kicking my butt!!!
Oh well its gonna be worth it in the end.
seriously we have awesome tshirts with bottle openers attached.
let me send you one.
Oh I have a sweet stache too.
tarot 4lovers: 4 of Pentacles.
In search of love avoid the mean and moody, security possessive, this type shouts out 'commitment phobic'.
Any librarians from China in the group?
I'd buy.
Then again I always buy lecole41!
smell like she got ha clothes straight out the dirty clothes basket !
Is it all you can doctornk?
Know of any STD, HIV/AIDS awareness organizations in the South Suburban area?
If so, let me know!
well thanks love!
I Gotta give credit where credit is due
my parents were both terminally ill at the same time, mom died, still had to care for dad, then he died.
Now I mourn both
i've supported you since day one austin and i truly believe in you 3 i hope you are having a freaking fabulous birthday!
Thank you for the retweet.
I hope many benefit from the ARE study sessions.
Have a great day!
5/20  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Sam Morril
RT : Haiti needs ur help pls donate to help our relief effort text YELE to 501 501  5 dollars will be donated 2 help those in Haiti
Come on guys!
5 more followers and I'm to 300 :
You guys, the bear that got tranqued and fell out a tree in a funny fashion, got hit by a car and died.
what a shitty last week for him
JACKIESPEAKSRADIOSHOW AND FRONTSTAGERADIOSHOW UNITE FOR OERTIME ON A THURSDAY NIGHT ..
I think it's an easy decision for the BCS.
LSU Tigers vs.
Green Bay Packers for the title.
Stop saying everything is your fault.
I'm taking responsibility for what I'm doing, I'm trying to change babe.
I wish you
I vote for DCI AND doctormcorps I think people in and out of the biz use them pretty interchangeably a lot i.e.
did you m ...
Oakland is beautiful.
Spring is here!
So many great ideas and papers at the FMCS!
Ethnomusicological collaborations seem more relevant than ever in our diverse world.
So I see don't like tweeting/texting people anymore...what kinda little sister are you lol
face down
so tomorrow is gonna be beastin my niggah
I'm opening up a Battered Shrimp Shelter in my stomach.
Someone remind me: what time does libchat start tonight?
Do it!
I just laughed so hard at snl I farted....
Thinking about hitting up Arden Mall today.
Lunch was my favorite part of school though...
Fucked it up.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
hey, are you goin to florida next year??
I have to doctoram and reach for the stars, and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds
happy 420 bro, toke up!
Like they say money ain't grow on trees..
So when I cash that check I say gimme all them 20s please.
Makin money to do the things I wanna do
Sounds like a plan.
I'd recommend emailing the structure you're using to all pilot members.
thanks!
I do love Memorial Park, always someone to pace with or pretend I'm racing ;
having one of those throw in the towel on the homeschooling kinda days..
and haul them all back to public school.
real life poke war..nvm that facebook ish
ate all of our postgame burgers back at our hotel  Ivan and I went to get them!!
Or maybe it was Joe!
So long to my Oklahoma family!
You'll be sorely missed.
My daddy just called to see if I'd watch the game w/ him.
Bah!
I couldn't say no!
Thanks for the invite tho!
Made it to Dayton.
Looking forward to WGI prelims tomorrow with Golden High School
Have a lived life instead of a career
Super!
Will be there again one of these days.
doctornk?
Having hella fun managing  taking freelance PR gigs!
hahaha.
Danny needs to sign you up.
We need some help in the post!!
:
A storm system is forecast to move out of the central Rockies tonight and intensify as it reaches the eastern Great Lakes by Wednesday
iTunes genius lists are ingenious!
Rediscovering my music library, Blue Moon  orange on THE patio.
TGIF!
TGIS
I just finished the limeade for lunch Looks like TheSassano isn't the only thing with your name on it today.
Volunteers sought for El Paso County emergency districts
Please spread the word...IMM ONLINE REGISTRATION ENDS at midnight on October 31st!
You define your own life.
Dont let other people write your script.
OPRAH WINFREY
Fav Tequila Day  1 spent w/ you  Iron Cactus.
Or the 1 spent w/ you in San Fran  the place w/ uberhighend tequila.
Or.
..
:D
it's all good Fam its just friendly competition.
But y'all don't have a legit closer.
We on the other hand have a few lol!
realmajor : is studying for a really hard midterm as I color in my journal for dance class.
so if samuel sleeps with his mom, she can't get pregnant right?
It's not like she can have another him
sleeping beauty in her natural habitat
You can come back as alum, unless too far away.
Have Flash?
RT : forgot I'm not there anymore lol
2011 Fringe writer/producers and speak about their experiences and the process of writing and putting up a show.
awh that's cute, what happened?: and please follow me?3
right but that's all I carry is plastic when it come to gettin shoes n shit smh
In all seriousness, 's piece on an ABQ public meetings legend is AWESOME.
Everyone read the Journal tomorrow.
IS WONDERING IF THERE IS A SUCH THING AS PUMPKIN PIE POISONING OR LEFT OVER TURKEY OVERDOSE?
watch the fights tonight?
anybody wanna talk to me???
:
grass fed beef testicle is my new favorite string of words.
By month's end, we hope!
If u can only speak love,then only love cancomeoutofyourmouth.If that is so, then let's have a conversation of only loveSahara Sunday Spain
Agreed!
RT Key takeaway to keep the board motivated, celebrate the wins
Are we overconcerned with privacy?
encourages everyone to share their experiences online
On my way to Lafayette to hear Governor Daniels make a jobs announcement
we need more boss error messages on twitter.
like dude you're a spammer.
nice try anyway!
I do not know for sure if they are, no!
: But I really hope they do!
...and triple chocolate cake for dessert.
Someone roll me to a couch!
ship me a tiara!
Did you notice Elon Musk in the credits?
I have 493 followers...i cant go beyond that for some reason.
lol we do both!
It be a pleasure to help.
Everyone has a weakness.
You just happen to be mine.

I look forward to raising the bar.
Users will have soon have alternatives for the Desktop, iPad, Win/Lin, and server capability.
Retweet if you've known about Austin for more than a year.
yo yo what is up everyone?!
Been known as a screw up, this proves my point.
: Yo fans!
We see you requesting Honestly  and it's coming up!!!
honestly : Yay HotChelleRae fans!
Maybe should sit in the front of the class instead of creeping in the back corner of the room.
Like I stop for no reason?
I'm sorry y'all.
Haha
Another parade in the rain!!
Grant GoDems!!
Thanks Jess!
Pray for a brotha lol
Demetria Delicious Lovato.
The best fucking TT ever.
you gotta see this baby!!
;
That makes 3 of us
But those songs are awful for running, IMO.
I need faster tempo.
Hardstyle techno all the way.
thanks for the shoutout.
exactly.
: I don't mind going for it, just didn't like the play selection.
Falcons
U got it baby girl!
RT March for Hermosa June for Irvine!
put me on the list for tickets
THE Meatloaf.
Try It.
Hash House a Go Go amps Vegas domination with location downtown grand opening Wed 8/31
We would!
That needs to happen one day  soon!
:
ugh...neonazi's rising in Greece?
When did this start?
thanks for following palsloungeatl!!
haha!
Fuk that shit though my crew going ham right now bruh!
What magazine would you recommend I subscribe to?
Yay, I finally reached 500 tweets.
I am a social networking phenom!
Still anxiously waiting confirmation on our team registration!!!!
Great point!
blogchat It's like changing from a selling focus to a teaching focus 2 me
my 71 year old Dad: why is the dishwasher totally empty except for...
Oh HOLY ...
WHERE IS JESSICA?
thanks Jackie : Hope you have a wonderful day crazy lady :D
Sorry about that.
Should be back up now!
Lunch at Finn, sitting outside watching the fins of dolphins appear out of the water
why the fuck does turkey take two freaking days to defrost lol
RT : We often underestimate the compounding effect of faithfulness.
As antiplagiarism software gets more sophisticated, will we find out that all politicians' utterances should have  around them?
Just realized they fazed out dexters other kids
I believe you have to be clean to play dirty though
If It Takes You This Long To See It , I'm Sorry I Haven't Made It Clear Enough .
Goodbye Dallas!
Happy to see them get swept!
doctoramers on the 15S is the roadside cafe I doctoram of finding on a road trip.
Head on over to for their benefit for Haiti.
Great food and doctornk.
50 donation matched by MK!
I don't think they make it anymore.
I'm not heartless..
I just learned to use my heart..less
How Hot is it?
It's so hot you can use your dashboard as an oven.
We'll start cooking with Melanie Neiman watch CBS19
What's better than 1 taco?
2.
Like DC's own on 2029 P Street NW, AND 4731 Elm Street.
You can get Belly points at both!
GOD MORNING NIALL!!!!
: how are you doing today?!
:D 3
The bacon isn't gold.
That's just grease..doctorpping gold.
What!
He so would have a big gold record dangling as should we.
Day 1 on the glades:
vogwhore that's me plain and simple
You should DM them and ask.
ya what's goin down tonight?
We'd LOVE to feature you guys later this week in your swanky new Reman U shirts....have they arrived in the mail yet?
always down to the the cooter piercing with me if ya want
The Miami HEAT are going to bring it tonight!
Got your jersey ready?
I love how my grandpas truck alwayd smells like cigs :p haha
RT: Your boy is such a natural star!...True ; Glad his passion 4 creating delicious Italian sanwiches has taken him far!
Going down rt.
60 can't see a damn thing......
cool I've never seen one of those before.
Learn something new every day!
I'm not jealous.
I could no more do a southern cooking show than PD could do matzah balls and gefilte fish :
and God intended for us to guard each other's backs.
ugh i hate being sick.
you think that goes fast try all 4 years
Your website contact form, isn't working.
I need to speak with the Director of Communications or a Press Officer.
Help, please?
Hey guys, come on, let's get BulliesAreTheVoiceOfReason trending!!!!!
yes!
Second time a charm.
Agrred, but little person is the preferred vernacular.
The Science of Presentations With Dan Zarrella
Dare to be different
BRING IT ON, the musical based on the fan favorite film, will play a limited engagement at the St.
James Theatre this summer.
Coworkers: Engage politics talk.
mkebecky: Engage volume on headphones.
Time to get ready for work.
Have a great day everyone.
May The Force Be With You!!!
peace love  Yoda ;0
you weren't even crying...
Muse models tomorrow
Send your questions to OTRC where may pick your question to ask the arrivals.
RIP Jacob Ball
ThatAwkwardMoment when ppl from school follow you and they notice that your obsessed with  
UConn's Roscoe Smith banks a threepointer at the buzzer to end the half, and pounds his chest like he meant to do it.
my wife has made me love your tv show good luck with the dating game and stay away from those friggin D.Cowboys
OMG.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :
Hello to the best bar in Chicago!
Y'all come down and visit sometime!
RT Hello to the best bar in Nashville!
And our favorite!
Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there!
None of us would be who we are without you.
Fuck Findley Prep High School!
Come to find out they only released Anthony Bennett's transcripts to UNLV.
Had no choice in where he went.
Living on the lower east side has made it hard for me to know if the cute guy is a homeless person or a hipster.
They doctorss too alike :
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn!
Gone With the Wind, spoken by Clark Gable
no sxsw this year still resting and gettin my strength back for april shows!!
I've never thought of that but good idea Plus it comes in many colors: pink, camouflage, to tie dye so it doesn't have to b boring
Damn damn them boys Up by pippen
It's funny: you can tell the typesetters ran out of one kind of R  other letters too.
17thcent.
print is so tangible, almost alive.
What a perfect night to have fabulous pasta or pizza with 50 off a great wine list!!!
What is there to think about come on in!
Espada Case Jurors Noting Progress On their ninth day of deliberations, the federal jury weighing corruption and embezzlement charges aga
Our pleasure.
A signed copy of TINKERS is on its the way.
Do you realize BishopHawk both didn't play against Giants?Wasn't Pickett only around 70 as well in NY?
What a great night : I hit 1000 followers!
Goodnight all!
The genius of Joel Robuchon
Bitch before you judge me, make sure your perfect!
Not only that, but since when does Memphis get to use the Beat LA chant?
If you complain about work taking too log to end, before you know it it really is over.
Wow...
it is getting hot already!
Studying Tantra is changing my life
The love of baseball in this town is real.
Downtown Bmore is beaming with civic pride and Orange today.
Too bad tmorrow will b empty.
Out  about with Grandma today for her last day in SD!
Grabbing some movie tickets and ice cream at the Woodinville Costco.
Scheduling with GPL in Bellevue for this month!
I wish some people would take a hint and stop contacting me.
Unfortunately, very few of my wishes ever come true.
Please Follow me Alex 3
Made my fantasyfootball superbowl!
The bad news:my opponent is starting He can't make players on OTHER teams better too can he?
the fact I couldn't go to 's middle east show yesterday  that's equivalent to blasphemy.
lol is it May 31st yet?
I need it to be
Teacher Tuesday!
Teachers get happy hour all night long, normally 47pm.
Wine tasting all day with 4 different wines2 whites 2 reds.
I hate chicks calling other females hoes but yet they doctorss like one!
Buy 1 24oz Smoothie, Get 1 24oz Smoothie Free!
Right Now until 5pm.
Limit 1 Per Customer.
May not Be Combined with any other offer.
Hurry!
Back from field trip!
Saw Jay Z's yacht, I guess that's kinda cool
what's cool ?
: Anyone else have a thing for Jeff Goldblum?
Always.
He has a permanent Jurassic Parking spot in my heart.
Schalke tie it up!
We Very Sad,We From Belieber,Never Pray You,We Love you
Log on to WVIP or tune in to 93.5 FM as I am being interviewed right now!!!!!
is so flawed you don't even know where to start.
I love waking up to beautiful days.
I 3 summer..
I wanna give a S/O to 3 miss you guys ;
any bag is fine, as long as it doesn't have a bleeding goat face or Justin bieber's head on it
Today we will cover the Counts and Stiles articles.
See you later.
: You'd still be awesome, but together with MKE?
You're unstoppable.
RT : APD is reporting a serious crash involving a motorcycle and an SUV at Golf Course and McMahonexpect delays.
MY HAND IS A DOLPHIN
Symphony Crack!!
Feb.
10th at Havana Club!
Thank you so much for sharing
Is it possible to take screen shots?
And is it possible to save pictures online to the phone?
Sorry for the slow reply!
Thanks for the kind words.
Your MA research looks cool  what will you do when you finish?
new news later :
We down by 3 only.
Hope momentum shifts our way.
Feeling much better today!
: Weho helped a lot last night
: there's a party on the roof top Top of the world.
Seing other people laugh makes me want to laugh
haha that's great
2 days of 2 hour Irene Dowd spirals workshops?!
My abdominals are connected and some kind of happy!
:
All you dog and cat owners, do you feel you have a need to keep you pet clean without having to give them a bath?How do u handle bad smells?
I'm up for a shoutout for shoutout :
I'm both.
Winston Churchill
i miss the old you :
Proud.
Proud of my life.
Of you.
Of my school.
Of every thing around me.
Couldn't be happier.
I'm just filled with pride.
I don't make the rules.
omg...my arms have never been so sore!
Spent too much money at Walmart for my new place NEW EVERYTHING
I have the best friends in the world.
Thank you for all of your support.
I will not give up, I will not let people succeed in destroying me.
haha ditto!
Only because I have lost the use of my left arm but I still think it was a better choice.
Xoxo
You realize it'll be about 5 min for the spambots to pick up the new hashtag right?
thanks for following Conrad!
Rum and coke  good cough medicine.
why you didn't invite me to your birthday?
; xD
Buddah my bread for me, will ya?
thinking about moving the Family from Md to Lockwood Ranch  any advice?
Don't forget: 1 Say hi to John  Allison at IMEA this weekend, they'll be representing the Paige's booth; 2 RT us by Fri for chance at 
Go see Project Nim, the new documentary by James Marsh.
It just blew me away at E Street.
legs weigh
Merry Christmas!
RT : Come experience the Recovery Zone at from 103!
Try Kahluah French Toast or fresh baked jalepeno biscuits...
Field is in bad shape over here.
We need lots of sunshine to be ready by 5pm.
Visitor's dugout is still underwater
Another great show from EVOLVE.
Torn on which one I liked more but both shows are without a doubt worth seeing!
Good news!
We're reopening tomorrow on Wed.
July 13th  Thx for your concern and patience this past week.
Hope to see you soon!
RT Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them.
Joseph Joubert
Swayzes Rocked?
Check.
Come See us Monday At The Sharps Bar!
Brain Safe wins 3rd, MyBetterFit 2nd, No Sleep Kills 1st,  that's a wrap!
thx 2 all that particip.
BigData Codeathon
Abercrombie doesn't care for the Jersey Shore cast.
But they love kiddie porn.
Thanks Liz Wendling for the Like!
;
yo Life wen you gonna record that track?
the one I sent you
Huge sale at Jay Honda in Bedford!!!
See Jesse Lee
You did everything you could, Liv.Back on the horse, mama!
GARY NEAL.
bored !
jus got done eatting dinner moms made some bomb food
hey send me a message w your addoctorss, size, design you want, ill give you a paypal add, or you can buy one off our website
they never are ;
Joseph I came today to talk.
You were very busy.
Have a great day.
Cynthia Harris
One of my life long doctorams is to have a magazine called playdog it would be pictures of dogs doctorssed up all sexy
why is it whenever I say no.....
She say yes?
Is it opposite day?
Give thanks to the most high today and more importantly EVERYDAY for the many blessings in life.
so glad yo hear.
How you doing?
Was texting u only to realized your  change lol
what explains me best: got ready this morning to Taylor Swift, finishing touches to Braille ;
: Congratulations for winning The Actor in The Help.
SAGawards So very happy for her!
Forget the claw and antler shit, fear the Ceej.
Our kids are at it again!
doctorp by the SEI gym TONIGHT and check out our 2nd5th graders play in the SUN basketball league, 46pm
HEY GUYS LET'S PARTY
I want snow to go.
Apparantly my mom failed to tell me I don't have unlimited data on my smart phone.
Only text.
Shes the best
you back in the usofa yet?
Yea iam following them
Had breakfast with Joice Taylor taking about the Martin Luther King Run on Auguest 5 2012
gracias grassy ass
What all would you have in your doctoram game room?
Guess I'll finish this work sense I can't get a text back
just checked it out!
It must just been posted!
May go look at flights !
Here we go !!
bHAHAHA YOU cant win
I wish I had a phone that could open We Transfer
After 64 straight workdays, I claim this evening off.
Powers of two!
People get ready for in minneapolis tonight and tomorrow!
Get yourself to at 9 tonight and 8 sharp tomorrow
This!
RT : If you're not building features that your users want, you're doing it wrong!
They've been on the shelf for less than an hour and we've already sold two!
So glad we're carrying your local product.
Love seeing the Pacers and beat the Heat.
Hey, : make your free throws.
who you got
This day has been so up and down emotionally speaking.
Ugh.
hey I am goin to the Vegas show and i didn't get VIP so I was wondering if you know about any special signings or events?
its adorable!
Pts for best food truck name go to Haulin Balls food truck serving the hippest meatballs
Oh, too funny.
I posted obnoxious magazine cover headlines and am getting all the D I E T spammers now.
mister Belding is trending right now and you were the first person I thought of.
so u say lmbo ;
Inge update.
Batting 2nd for Oakland today, 02 average at .120.
Has a strikeout as well.
awesome!
My email is ...
Let's chat more!!
Excited to start Mahler 1 with DPSO on Monday!
I guess one way of getting your spring break bod is turning on the heat in the car and sweating to death
Golden State Warriors manage 12 points in the 3rd quarter.
And they thought Don Nelson was the problem?
Atleast then they could score.
I wish I didn't have the habit of biting my nails.
Happy Wednesday!
word I hate: ''Really?
When used to imply you gotta be kidding
your getting hella annoying!!!!
Mad ratchet bitches on the 80.
Loud as fuck.
Have you considered teaching a sabermetrics course at all?
I'm thinking about putting together an intro to R using baseball stats
A fellow stylist had client say I don't use conditoner,I get my hair bleached every 5 weeks,and I swim dailywhy is my hair doctor?oh boy!
I love you and miss you so much!
Plan to see me December 15th17th.
I see a pattern
But that's the complaint of an aesthete, not an engineer, who will happily punctuate if it squashes one problem in thirty ;
of course, same to you hun!
:
Can it be true?
Visit the California Academy of Sciences today for Free Admission!
Hours: 9:30am5:00pm.
Finna watch soul men
Mamas: Happy Mothers Day!
Thank your kids 4 making you a mom!
We are lucky.
:0
Can't really blame Axford, brokenbat single, bloop double in the gap that Rickie nearly caught, and a half swing base hit
Okay.
Im sorry.
I over exagerated.
But dont call me and say im sorry when you just told me to stay at my moms.
I've spent 7 hours over 3 days talking with your people to fix my machine.
It won't even boot.
I don't have all this time to waste.
The 5AM personal style is interesting.
One problem working at night is the clutter of the daily issues is at its highest.
4:30 is when they change shifts so they never stop.
They have to get the cab to the next doctorver.
NP Find A Place!!!
Lol I'm really tryna sing like him 
Nothing is set in stone until the year before the school opens.
You can call Resource Planning Dept.
for more info: 3978588.
ha I'll go buy it first thing in da morning...
Lol I prolly won't thou
They boyI have doubled our games collection in the last few weeks.
Pandemic Carcassone: Wheel of Fourtune last night; what tonight?
Even black kids between the ages of 711 already have a fear of the cops.
This is the age they should all want to be cops
Hard writing makes easy reading.
Easy writing makes hard reading.
William Zinsser
Hahahahaha now is there a country girl like McKinley or whatever her name was
Consider upgrading to a G1...
;
Hopefully some time today.
Ur pretty much just horrible!
Toms my fav now
Just a bit outside
I want to go swimming and
Bullied thru a swing/grave double shift, now back to my normally scheduled swing....
This is for you, Pip...
IT'S GO TIME!!!!
not sure what/how much it'd take to shave it off
I really enjoyed the part where he said you take yourself too seriously.
wait wat part r u jk about being  work?
Not even close!
Late 6:53 PM: Supporting Actor.
7:04 PM: Score.
7:08 PM: Song.
how much 4 just 10 beats
Wrote three new hip hop tracks.
Makin my new style Southern Dubstep/Hi Hop.
Bass all day son!
Thank you, Sharon!
Have a great weekend!
Team U is NYC July 7th, then the USAs are iN Vegas at the end of July so we'll see how i GROW , time to put on SIZE!!!!
Bode was flying.
Need a shorter race by 100 yards
When did baseball pants beome bootcut?
I need Sumbdy ta mak me feel Betta I done ate n Erthang its still hurting
I wasn't impressed w/ Race in America series but I'm giving BeyondTrayvon a chance.
I hope does better this time.
Paw Naturals is hiring Part Time workers!
Please message us if you are interested in a position.
That soup looks so yummy!
:
Traffic is at a crawl today.
I'm going to be late to work.
RT : Because we want to share the FF love, we'll give a FF shoutout to the next 25 people who tag us in a FF!
but hayley.
i like actually am smart.
like legits.
anything medical i got the answer brah
did not see a memo seems to be very popular w/ the 14 to 20 somethings ...
saw the movie, read the book ...
pretty depressing
should get hormones injected then have a breast feeding mo verses episode against Nikki Caldwell
Irritates me that scouts say Russell Wilson is too small for the pros but talk about how UW's OLine was bigger than most pro teams.
watching live footage of coachella.
Kid can doctoram.
SometimesIwonder if doctorams are messages from our higher power.
I do hateful things for which people love me and I do lovable things for which people hate me...
I am admired for my detestability.
The power of words in your Marketing message.
To all of our new followers, Thank you for following us.
Going to bed early tonight I guess
really?
Mike Donahue.
Coverage is weak.
No offense
hahahah, I didn't even notice that
Hey Lola.
I great!
How are you?
I luv the default pic!
One day soon
Funny thing just happened, I was responding to 's tweets about fake weight loss commercials and almost immediately afterwards I get
just bought a bunch of old songs on itunes...
remindsmeofmychildhood almostallgrownup!
:
so fine
EVERYBODY MOVE YOUR FEET UNTIL YOU NITE IT OH OH OH
Ready for the Murdoccos here in Miami
Thanks Nate.
Hope y'all are doing well!
We miss you
This girl loves me but fuck it my heart beats slow
High high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high
Time for something funny, go to YouTube type in.
grandson gets brain freeze.
It's the first one there.
Go go go
About 50 of the time good luck means fuck you
by lack of an app, I mean it's stupid that you have to use a browser, you can't just open a folder and doctorg  doctorp like w/doctorpbox
Thanks very much for the follow, we'd love to come and check out your place it looks stunning!
Stupid space bags never lay flat like the commercials but bed bugs from NOLA would sux
My doctorAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue 3 iLoveyou!
;D,
looks like a before and after picture of our livers upon meeting!
Killer day in the studio!!!
Almost finished with a new Bomber :
Taco Del Mar is back at the Maui Mall.
New owners, new perks, new promotions!
Nice use of QWiPS with your quote of the day!
4.
Swag  an ornamental festoon of flowers, fruit, and greenery or Merchandise or Ghetto Term
is looking for bands to play in Maine sept.
23rd.
Hit em up if you're a sick band!!
biggest mistake ive ever made..
had the former, I'll try the latter.
Big Egg is pretty good, just looking former options.
So sad..
my sister inlaw was able to get me a ticket but I was unable to get off work!!
short ribs slow cooking in a chocolate stout
aye I can take u there ;
I screwed up so much
i love hiphop i just hate the niggaz in it
If you are looking for a bite to eat and some Holiday cheer is open all weekend.
Stop and say hello.
No offense but I feel that anyone who believes in it is dumb
haha about that...
RT : See can't take no were....they show out every time!
And I love it!!
FBCD HUGE BIDS COMING IN!!!
Get ready folks she's ready to blow.
.10 here we come
ugh i hate science class just want to go gym so.badd such a beautiful day out hope everyone.is enjoying.it :
When we complain, we remain.
When we whine, we stay behind.
When we praise, we raise
Hard lesson/ advice my dad always tells me about society: the world is not fair and no one cares about what you think.
Sad but true...
fish week  contest!
Win prizes from Vita Foods worth 50!
Includes endorsed Perfect Catch: www.joyofkosher.com
On line registration is now available for the Rawhide Ranch Equestrian Experience Workshop.
Go to www.rawhideranch.com for more information.
only if she can do a mash up of all things considered, prairie home companion and car talk!
Web20Lsk Companies should also have their own blog
You're car?!
I can give you gas mulah!
Is it playing in McMinnville?
Making a ton of progress on my noncredit marketing presentation for next week's upceamktg conf.
can't wait for my 1st time in vegas!
Ugh...
Cmon Nova!
secrets!
But let me know if you see a change lol
LETS TO THUNDER CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP
Thank you so much!
yeah you play with sticks on grass.
Idk how to explain it
roadoctorn There's our Roger...Making Johnson earn his keep.
I know y you say I'm cocky because I'm out doin stuff you will never live up to in life
But even on the loss side!
Who is having a moist moment today?
no u fuckin won't!!!
Baby, for once let's don't think twice
Hoping to get some face time w Education  Digital Media folks when I'm there in June!
Help a poor grad student out?
Full Service is going to be on that cruise, Bonesaw and Smellman are buddies of mine.
Small world.
Didn't know Big Ben has been found guilty of anything in court of law.
Wait 'n see is my tude.
Saying you're agile doesn't make you
So cracked the shit out of my iPad this morning and no apple care...
Needless to say the day is not off to a good start!
I love you more babe!
Ready to see you tomorrow!
cantwait:
That' real talk ..
I think Ppl need 2B grown  really communicate ..
Like: I Love U but I don't always want 2 talk 2 U sorry!
At Downtown Madison plan presentation this morning.
10 big ideas, starting with 'celebrate the lakes'
My poor baby!!
: RT : I flew from Australia to LA to NYC..
My jetlag is crazy..
My body has no idea where it is 
Getting gas.
4.17 a gallon is just dumb.
I love when ratchet hoes get you sent to the office.
Is it just me or is there no interesting news today?
Just old April Fools jokes.
Sorry I've got nothing to share!
Could you imagine sharding yourself in an airport?
whatwouldyoudo randomthoughtoftheday 
Katie is scratching herself with the cards we're playing with.
I miss my cousin jobie
10 days till my trip back to my ol stomping ground.
I'll be teaching a blowjob class while I'm down there.
Orlando?
MORE LIKE WHORElando.
I'll never forget that text.
It was so,.....
Touching.
feel bad for people who go back to skool tomorrow: i go back on erndesday:D
I'm doing well.
How are you?
:
Loved being this morning!
Making fresh lime basil garlic porkchops with fresh garden salad corn and garlic rice...
yummy ..we eatin good
i hope SomeDay will follow me!!
NeverSayNever :D
Happiness is .
Come meet some Lucky Dogs this weekend and help them find a forever home!!
will be at on May 5 from 10am4pm
my mom and dad is fighting a lot and it is getting into bigger and bigger fights everyday
My friends are on Last Call with Carson Daly tonight!
:
okay accept me :'
Tottenham gets first goal of
Need a 100 on MGT 301 to get an A.
Should be a piece of cake
Represent!
RT getting very excited for the bottling of our new 100 Barrel Series beer, Vermont Spruce Tip Ale in one week.
Sick.
Game.
Probably my favorite thing about THE MUPPETS was that it gave a major role to Uncle Deadly.
Facebook buys Instagram for 1 Billion!
Wow!
Watching Moonshiners with Viggle Wed  7PM  Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
RT Think paidsickdays  paidleave are needed in a 21st century economy for 21st century families?
: The Packers have released Nick Collins, according to agent Alan Herman.
nice...
That movie is hilarious
Happy New Year!
Freaking out
Right as my mom ends treatment for esophageal cancer I learn I have GERD.
Glad to know this now!
HEARTBURN CAUSES CANCER!
My heart is my iPod Filled with music You on autoplay Every love song ever written I push play:
morning in Milwaukee: car horns, beer bottles, blue jays.
Join...Ted Thompson...Packer Nation wants you FIRED!!!!
ON FACEBOOK NOW
I have seen Redline before I think, do they sell those at convenience stores?
I haven't figured it out yet, but I'm convinced my ability to create cartoon voices will one day be useful
Didn't tear my acl that's good but now mister to find out what is wrong
please follow me and make my only doctoram come true 3
hey you!!
How goes it on this wonderful Friday night?
MSU vs UNC, what an environment!
What a bad nationalanthem though.
Probably should have picked someone else abitflat oh well, Go America!
If you blame Ron's pass to Steve, or Steve's shot selection, for this loss, I'm blocking and reporting you for spam.
I will call u n tha misterin and see where u at
: By visualizing your perfect outcome, the perfect action is always inspired.
how about this quote dead on!
It's jimmertime, and the BYU alumni will definitely be in full force at the Verizon Center tonight!
Who's with me?
Broadcast issues, ?
It was crazy packed!
: Be quiet ChildsPlay blow me
Metta World Piece 'o' work.
YO mama!
how are you?!
hope your well!
TWITHUG!
My Saunders Snapak arrived today.
Now I can teach my lessons with the timeless style of a doctorwall contractor.
I remember in the 4th grade asking for the number 8 in Little League because of Gary Carter.
it feels like you got to go through all the bad apples to get to the good one some time it just feels like im never going to find that one.
lol I always felt out of the loop when someone said that.
YouTube comment on jj: is this angel or a humen been ?
i wish i can marry you ..
i dont wanna fuck you ..
just sing bitch sing !!
how long does it take to get there?
I wanna play
looking forward to catching up with you at your Hanes event tonight at Stubbs!
I'd like my shoulders not to be a mass of pain, plzkthx.
workin' out  Basketball you?
terps enough said!
Get ready for some food porn pics!
Knocked off five items on Roswells42BDayFavorites!!
Team 10 Media is out at Studio 11 Films today!
No man should have TeamBreezy in his bio..
that fixed it.
Thanks.
my green peppers are the only thibngs that didn't sprout!
Had to buy plants already started.
My other 30 things worked!
Why Did Chris Brown Do That to His Hairr.
D: Hes soo Hot..
know look  Him.
XD
Hey you!
Turn off gossip girl and do yourself a favor.
Watch the state of the union addoctorss now!
They need to do something about this...
lmaooo : Hey we can't stay together if you kissed Nas for real
i like yesterday race good job
Ughh I'm going to sleep, screw this
If you are not on tumblr, you need to be.
Learning to make the most of Facebook Timeline for pages w/
see u in a new movie soon Arnold
Explain why Atlanta doctorvers are so terrible.
I read Post as in after and then wondered what afterNewsweek stations were!
livetweeting a first date is sexy.
What happened to dependable referees from the SEC?
Hunger Games: Ant Colony edition.

so ready for Survivor tonight!
Getting down to the wire!
up watching mindless tv whyidon'treallyknowwellmaybido
HE CANT CONTROL ME.
WHO DOES HE THINK HE IS, MY FATHER!?
WELL NO HES NOT!
HE'S JUST JOEY AND HE CANT TEL ME WHO I CAN AND CANT FUCKING DATE!
are you on Dallas?
Aww you're so sweet with giving back!
I love this pic
an ez way to clear clogged pores is 2 sit n a steamisterom 4 1015 min 3x a week.
sweating pushes out the dirt  oil, b sure 2 wash after!
You should really practice what you preach.
Fyi
I hope dis food good lol
love you and miss you bro!
Thanks a lot
I also need to do a better job remembering which is an Italian Soda and which is a French Soda.
I really wanna twitpic my hair..but idk if y'all are ready..lol
'Curiosity never killed this cat'thats what Id like as my epitaph.
Studs Turkel
Don't let what you can't do tear from your hands what you can...Ashanti Proverb
but, you're kinda pissing me off.
I do know of a nice townhome community with units close to Viking doctorve...r u on Facebook?
Hate his annoying ass RT : what do you think of Barabas in Skyrim?
What would you guys like us to talk about in the Documentary?
Total tanning bed enthusiasts.
Just like Snooki.
get bit ...or run and get bit ....or aww dis dog aint gne do shyt nd get bit ....or 
All right.
Which one of you thieves took the Girl Scout cookies off my desk?
I know they were here somewhere......
searching messy desk
I don't know if that was the best decision I've made.
Something Mildly Fearsome this way comes.....
Keep your eyes peeled for a big announcement soon!
what you talkin bout woman
I'm wait for MTV to put on the hills on the web hahaha
that was very harsh what he did to you on raw he couldn't face you like a man hope your arm is okay
There are so many Chico's commercials on daytime TV.
I did mine this morningzzz
donut is eating donuts.
Google reader for dashboards, Tweetdeck, Monittor, PostRank analytics, and Google Alerts for indexed content.
Wanna go to armandos n get sumthin to eat , but dnt feel like doctorving to sw...
We're participating in a demo with next week at , stop by booth 2360 to see it!
, , and more
Can my need for Diet Pepsi overcome my revulsion at doctornking it warm?
Yes.
Yes it can.
Of course my horse/pony!
Thanks for the camera fellas, safe travels!
great read.
But then I knew the facts already.
Nice to c people who care about facts 1st n not their ideals despite the facts.
Yeah, problem is they're human and like no other sport seem to get influenced by the crowd/coaches/players too much
Lehrer: Honest mistakes in journalism are OK.
Political mistakes are not.
yeah add me to your twitter
So much wedding planning info out there!
If people's insane energy could be redirected to something more useful...
Cure cancer?
how do we get a new mod?
at least rfranke727 is holding it down...
Great sixth inning
2008 Grabber Orange mustang gt :D
Saturday, Center, in Green Bay lol
Happy New Year from
YoungNTruthful SelfMade aint even gotta say nothin, you already know what it is.
Happy Purple Friday Baltimore!
Show us the Purple!!!
Well I'll be a jack spiffy on a horn toad!
Burt Odelsen, the lawyer challenging Rahm's residency, works for James Meeks!
: Caught up on ur ex still?
I can get you past it.
it's kind of intense writing.
Just started tonight.
Had to take a breather.
give staff art supplies to rerealize their inspiration abt object in museumdiscuss and share personal stories and connections
Final paper done!
boom too bad I didn't finish the other one :/
Treat yourself the same way you'd treat someone who you love  adore :
Tell me the one thing you love more than anything else, and I will tell you the name of your god.
Elisha Hale
Thanks to this one person i cant fucking sleep now...
But I know my dad is giving up the TV at 11 so I can watch Friends.
Listening to parts on last.fm.
I'm sure you can even find it on YouTube by now.
Paper cuts are a poet's best friend, for they provide you with paper and pain.
Kohl: look at brewers.
When they got Miller Park, their team nothing to brag about either.
And auto correct messed up my hash tag so no one is seeing my ISUSMSymposium tweets lol
Trying to keep a straight face watching this morning.
and Life Colors.
Love the pic!
Now, Suze are you still running for President in 2012??
You'll straighten up the economy fo sho!
What don't kill you can only make you stronger...
Hope your ski areas are finally getting some snow...look forward to your info...
almostonemoreweek til Hannah has no more friends!
sarcasm.
I'm doctorading the end of summer.....
Ugh
cool!!!!
Hope you like it in Bangladesh!!
Will the Spurs sweep the Jazz
OMG...
My head is banging right now.
Too much thinking for one day
Big time excited for Elvis Costello and the Spectacular Spinning Songbook tonight.
Esposito
TheMostCommonLies starting monday im on a diet
I need a physical
Kindoms of Amalur is an amazingly fun game :D
I will mention it to the Team and see if they want to take a little road trip!
Really appreciate all the info.
I still like you  I just don't like when u talk about my Steelers!
i haven't seen many films from people of color, woman and others of diverse backgrounds, so our goal is help the diverse ...
Thanks for the RT last week, Liz!
Hope you're off to a great week!
:
Awesome video!
It's a must watch, for sure.
What day are you guys playing Sasquatch?
Isn't it amazing?!
You're entered to win  did you include your ring size anywhere?
If not just tweet us back w/ it please :
professor Seberius  moderating panel on start up nation.
Mentions 2012 Harvard trip to Israel as life changing
healthy sorry dont know what happened there x I had 3crisps,curry and chips, and 4mini rolls today sod healthy x
Its cool I'm on some other shit
About to take a long hot shower lata!
Dear Red Sox.
Please don't trade anyone away.
I love you all too much.
You can trade the big Twizzler necklaces the pitchers wear, though.
Life is passing me by
Chemistry is going to be the death of me!
i love justin bieber
Sometimes happiness is a surprise transfer on your metrocard

very sad and disturbing.
m que ricoo  I love my tiaa  :D
Following a bus.
Looks like a tour bus.
Who's in it?
I want to look into it.
Oh wow.
I can't help but take away the pink and hair and see a stubbylegged dachshund ATAT.
:
Want to clarify, that is 30 LESS than avg natl salary, not 30 of.
UP WATCHING HERCULES
Learned to fly Ripple's tops'l...
Woo hoo
I suspect harbors a secret desire to be a rocket ship...
Romo's done for the year.
Maybe this could actually help the Cowboys...
too soon?
its really good
April fools!
its our obsession too!
When did side ponytails become a thing again?
I saw two this morning.
Thanks Everyone 4 all the Shouts!
Busy planning a Grad Party  not much TwitterTime Hope ur day is Bright,Beautiful  filled w Music!
Afa Jr.
pins Patriot I with a cross body block.
Awwweeee yeah, hello new pink laptop ;
yes I will throat punch you for not behaving yourself.
That is all.
Give us something to believe in, haven't been to the SB in almost 20 years the are in their 2nd in 5.
Frustrating..
hater.
: Lol, i'm happy that the cowboys lostt.
Just flip a coin, and then doctornk alone.
I'm not going to jump to conclusions...I'm NOT going to jump to conclusions...nope.
What is it gonna take to get you guys to wish me happy birthday?
Please.
I am begging!
maybe.
It can beat rim, sure, but it's not a leader
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, Im going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
Catch game between Arsenal and Chelsea at Publika in Solaris Dutamas
Cupid, we have to talk about your aim...
We never really grow up, we just learn how to act in public.
Good Morning!
i miss you so much hav any new frds babe?
Lol!
It seems to never....
Some one broke into my house last night, it looks like they didn't take anything and there isn't any damage, there are clothes every wher...
loved my fresh brew..lucky to have David on your team Detroit!
contact for cafe
Affordable housing, expenses at City Hall, livability  farmland protection are all big issues in
The reception for The Working Homeless starts at 6.
Come and cheek out a multidiscipline discussion about the the social problem!
Oh the things one can do whilst hidden under rented academic regalia.
If only they had cell phones back then...
Madmen : You forgot something, Don.
Im pretty sure the whole ladies first thing was created by a guy that just wanted to check out a girl's ass.
: PS I'm STILL laughing from seeing Bridesmaids two days ago.
Gahh so funny  I got the first shift
Aww...really?
How sweet.
lets go lakers
So glad to have you all!
RT : Parc at Piedmont residents went to French Bakery for lunch!
Delicious!
today is good, along with my music choices
Back in ChiTown for a 30 hour whirlwind
I'm bout to be mad as fuck
This time next year i will be in California!
;
God mawnin everyone!
Kevin Durant is on fire!!
And the Laker bandwagon is pissed
I GTL'ed today.
What the....?
' his daddy house
if you like pina colada, or getting caught in the rain..if your not into yoga then you have half a brain /3.
I want some chinese food m now
at least its fixable :
I won't, I LIVE HERE!!
Its about time the snow got here!
my day is made :
Favorite Primus track?
Just tapped, Interurban IPA
me too!
' If them bishes hatin, it ain't none but a hair flip!
Just held a demo here in Austin showing recent dev work on our ETD management software.
New embargo functionality will be in next release!
I felt bad for him after this episode
I know right lol
Thank you!
RT : FF for my Recent Follows
I don't care either, but I just keep thinking about all the  he spent on shoes.
Don't be disappointed when she says no.
Tempted to eat an apple.
But, being in the audience of a conference, I am overly aware of how loud the crunching may be.
yea you good
i hope she dies
When she wakes up I will
: Where you at?
Where you at?
have a fantastic week!RT: Thanks....
What's up sis?
4 hours and 200 mail messages later  the various mailboxes are back to a reasonable level.
doctornking problem?
Bronson: After this accident  seeing...how I've ruined ppl's lives, yes, absolutely.
I will never doctornk another doctorp.
Nothing like rehearsal for 's with and the rest of the cast to lift one's doctorary spirit!
Cannot get over Nancy Grace's use tot mom in her reporting of the caseyanthony verdict.
You're not a headline  use correct grammar!
Mayra let's go to CVS after school real quick to buy water or something?
Glad to hear you're sticking around!!
Looking forward to seeing you healthy and tearing it up next season!
Perhaps if people could run out of lies.......then maybe they could start telling the truth.
Congrats to Prince Fielder MVP of the ALL STAR Game!!
Hope you are better soon.
I'm pissed.
It means Kawai Leonard shouldn't have left early,could have played one more year at San Diego State.
They are so AWESOME!!
I had so much fun!
Haha!
Everyone says that to me.
But it's really not my thing.
When I'm older, maybe.
;
bringn Brandy to New Hope....bout to get ma buzz on :
Thanks for sharing your post and thoughts on higher ed federations.
I'm going to make it to EDUCAUSE one of these days.
:
Amen RT toast 2 our success
Texas, you?
Saw Jaimyse Haft in, The Blue Room last night at the Pan Andoctoras Theatre....
Great!

Hella Craving Nuggets Right now..
4.99 are you outta yo mind!?
Always stay happy everyday :
Jeremy Lin is singlehandedly saving the NBA this year.
The Bellmen will throwing it down for
One Direction Did GREAT Lastnight.
:
John Hill and George Pruitt  How to Evaluate Systems
Anybody get in on the Groupon IPO?
Kristen's like a twitter ninja assassin.
nothing escapes her
Last day of vacation, time for a nap.
Expect to see more renewal/cancellation updates when I wake up.
I am spending my Friday evening tearing apart 3/4 Umatic videotapes that broke at the leader and repairing them.
It's pretty satisfying.
shehechat A2: Agree with others that knowing the material cold is key.
Allows you to go off on tangents.
Can't do that with scripts.
3 hours of sleep.
8 hour shift at Menards.
Sweet.
a pager affixed to a wig.
twang on the jukebox.
a halfempty pack of virginia slim menthol 100's.
Jays vs.
Long Beach State on Bracketbuster Saturday!
No way!
replied to me and woohoo!
: lol
your tweets make my heart smile!
You always brighten my day!
Thank you for all that you are and do.
3
the goo is gone!
ha!
Good Morning, Toni!
If any more people want to get involved Tweet at me!
ARW servemarketing RT PLEASE!
Well I'm looking forward to seeing you!
: ARE U KIDDING!!
YOU DA MAN..I LOVE it and posted a comment...where is it on the channel but do not see it!!
I missed Red Lights.
Is it screening?
saturday morning  one day off from exercise!
lots of cello today.
Wow.
Boardwalk Empire.
Compelling, shocking....just a fantastic finale.
Can't wait for S3.
That is an excellent book indeed!
aw i thought i was a dirty talker :/ lol
My favorite accent is the one where uneducated people don't speak.
medium cherry limeade :
why can't we be friends, why can't we be friends?
:
I'm in San Diego but I wish!
RT you loving nyc restaurant week too
RT: What's good !
Uniondale  come visit me today at my tent!
Huge signing announced shortly!!
much better than the Blazing Saddles
Damn I been sleep all day
In the studio for the rest of my life
How can I get Twitter to stop offer Arnold Schwarznegger's tweets?
Just came from the gym
Is this you, Miki?
You make it remarkably hard to find you.
Well, not remarkably, but sufficiently.
At ramshead live waiting fot Marsha Ambroisa to take the stage.
Jenna Andoctorws opened and was awesome
Nothing beats being woken up at ungodly hour by a text to landline message from a wrong number ...
Except jetlag.
:p
doctorpSync is the first SaaS solution built for infusion centers by infusion center operators.
: It's hard to find good friends.
Hey there.
// I'd rather have the approval of God than of men.
Just saw a plane touch down out my office window near O'Hare International Airport.
Hope to fly them again, soon!
Rizzo for Cashner and his dodgy shoulder?
Dunno about that....
True Story: A libtard tweeter rudly insisted I refer to Obama as President Obama.
I said fine, how does President Jackass work for you?
I know that's right :
Today I'm rooting for the Wolves.
Sorry Brent, but it'll be a sad day around the house if the Wolves get relegated
thanks n yeah it can :
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that swears nonstop.
If my crack was out then I would feel the breeze
haha!
Sounds fun!
Perhaps you can give a talk at Twitter sometime.
Should I give him a COOKIE?!
blake says im on the naughty list now for swearing after i burnt myself..lol
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
Oh!
Its 5pm!
Now my work day can begin!
only really new discovery I found this last year was Vaughn Duffy.
Old intern.
Friends with Zepaltas too.
So quiet in LA.
Get up kids, its the playoffs.
I spy you with my little eye.
Getting contacts tomorrow !
:
why do u keep tweeting that are u in love with Keith
im n phx bbygirl : its so nice
I recently rediscovered a record book of every band I saw between 2003 and 2010.
Apparently I saw the JMC at Coachella 2007.
WHO KNEW??
hahahahahaha i was thinking that too
The Great Paranoid is available on Itunes, Amazon, Zune, and many more.
Only 7.95!!!
Nearly half of west Virginians opposed the creation of their own state!
FASHIONABLY LOUD!!!
Prodigy did one but the favorite is Lit during Spring Break when the dude grinds on Carmen Electra.
May tomorrow be as blessed a day for you too.
well!
i'm impressed!your English is so good!

Excellent!
Thanks!
I would like to buy an ammmburgah.
Knew I should have had a
Hm.
Clearly this man is the closetkenyan/marxist my neighbors have been telling me he is.
: Off to the gym to weigh in, wish me luck!
: You got this!
add no voice and that was me earlier this week : hope the tooth fairy made it before your little one woke up!
Tiff's baby shower today.
:
Packing for the weekend woo
Ugh...so many phone messages to return!
This feels worse than owing people money
let's go.
Rock the vogue tonight!
: Almost...
; RT Almost as pretty as the 24 car ; Corvette BJA2012  I love those cars
WE DID IT.
WE FUCKING DID IT!
THANK YOU, GOD!
THANK YOU ATHLETIC!
THANK YOU PEOPLE!
THANK YOU LLORENTE!
THANK YOU BIELSA!
don;t forget jesus RT
ok well if I bust early I'll send u info on my whereabouts from riu.
Yes I am looking forward to my visit to DC to teach this summer.
angels getting back in it now
Early morning baseball 3
i wish i could be on a beach.
I was exhausted on Monday SMDH!
Our events for summer start tomorrow and I'm all stressed.
me too!!
I want him to win it all.
I think I attract mothers of all ages.
No joke.
yes im finally done with my hw for friday...i came up with something great
Listening to Thella Bowens talk about the new British Air nonstop to London.
Get you tix now  you get tea w/ Wills  Cate!
Sucks to be a Laker fan
still on?
spring is sweet summer is the best.
winter is death.
bring on the heat!
I've been telling people for tow months that no one wants to play Memphis in the playoffs!!!!
They are whipping the clippers!
seriously.
tweegrams should be banned.
instagram is for photos
How does one get their cupcakes featured on the blog?
Called that 5 mins ago.
ERod.
Off to LA to get the latest inside info on the real estate market.
I'll share it all here!
lol it won't bother me .
I have so many followers on my TL anyway lol
Just got home from Occupy Cal.
Still enormous crowd when I left.
shutin the club down this Friday wit my bro Donovan he buying shots and I'm bout to tear da muthafuckin stage up
A coon hunt during work hours.
Now this should be rich!!
We are sad the kitties had to leave, but they are with an exceptionally good family.
That takes away a lot of the pain :
you do:
wow I took a girl to that Movie on my first date.
Congratulations to Hannah Logan who just won Young Artist of The Year Award for Best Performance in Theatre!
Wow.
Kaitlyn Stroud, the Kansas keeper, denies AM on a penalty kick!
Score still 10 Kansas over AM
And the truth shall set you free
Looks like the devil's here to stay
you always get goodnight tweet, but not me :
Sent you an email over the weekend, and want to make sure it didn't go to spam.
Let me know!
Thanks!
:
Leadership is the challenge to be something more than average.
Jim Rohn
well then all I can say is...
enjoy the little things....
life sucks
Korver is whappy from the line
So here we go.
To all my Brothers and Sisters out there..Happy Turkey Day!
Enjoy ur 4 days off!
ithink you should settle down...you deserve it :
They wreak havoc on the repressive Lent character Malvolio by making him act incredibly stupidly for their amusement.
There's alot of wish washy fans on my TL, stick to your team
2 Parties in Darley Park, one in Barlcay and now to Harwood.
All this after door knocking in Midway.
Whew!!
More door knocking ahead..
i follwed....and your band and everything lol :

there are no throwaways; we can't cherry pick ourselves to a great society
but it's been about 30 yrs since I woke her up for a cuddle :
I was just watching the Celebrity Home show and I LOVED DANVILLE  I totally need a NanLand with all the places from my Adams Grove books
Only 6 prefer to read digitally, but over half choose ereaders to search text.
Are students reading or looking for answers?
IP attorney Terry L.
Clark, formerly of Harness Dickey, has joined he D.C.
office of Nashvillebased Bass Berry  Sims.
But yeah...
It started late.
:c
Spending Mother's Day with wife  daughter because that's where Mom wants to be.
Crazy World or Crazy Day .Start the Day with Amazing Smile Zig Ziglar
First pitch  last call.
MT : Pat Burrell will throw out the first pitch prior to Tuesday's PhilliesGiants game at ATT Park.
We're pumped to sing at Cherry Tree tonight!
/yd
I'm doctorined and exhausted.
I'm pooped.
I love you all
doctorams are necessary to life.
Anais Nin quote  What are you doctoraming about in 2012?
I'm not gonna waste my time watching your fucking kid all day, I never wanted a brother anyway.
fuck this bitch.
YES let's byow to
All New Tonight  Gossip Girl's 100th episode at 8 followed by Hart Of Dixie at 9
HAHAHHAHA..lol or how about SUPER FREAK Rick James?
LOL
good morning back at ya, you talented young artist you!
Playing with Backbone Router.
Finally...
Am I the only one that didn't go see the midnight showing of the Avengers?
:
Just south of Las Vegas Nevada is a doctor lake bed.
A few years ago, I was doctorving past it on my way to Arizona.
I decided to pull off and ...
I feel sorry for the Kings!
oh who am I kidding?
LOL
I appreciate that Bill.
Have a good one.
please follow back????
3235264 : :D
I really love the John Malkovich character and I feel that's a flaw on my part
So cute.
Glad you liked it!
RT : How does do it?
InstantData is amazing!
Uh huh, you know what it is.
This nigga just said he's gonna tat food stamps on his arms.
LMFAO fut no lol
go do that hw
Kobe hits the dagger to send the Nets back to the east coast!
Lakers 1 KB 24 MVP!
:D
Ironically, I'm part of that 77 :
DPLA Audience and Participation workstream meeting is getting started at the Dallas Public Library.
We're live streaming too!
dp.la
We want Pittsburgh Dad on GYGS TV
Ha!
I hope the client pays by the job, and with nonfictional money.
Friday, say HEY!
I also want to say 'preshate' the follow 
Already putting on my sad face in anticipation of the Cleveland Browns doctorft picks tonight.
Looking forward to meeting the new Graduate Instructors at the PreSemester Workshop.
Schl libraries are a place where our students can develop a love of learning  discover big ideas that help move the American story forward
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small...
Even though I now call California home, in my heart, I'll always be a New Yorker, so Happy New year, everyone!!
Laying With My Daddy Watching My Lakers, Missing My Brother
Ugh...
insomnia
would love to tell you it ain't so, but it is so.
Bye Sproles.
Soon it will be Bye Chargers.
Hey need to run something by you.
Pick up.
I like!!
Messi still has another game to go.
So he might yetscore 53 in 37.
I don't know.
Smartest thing DW has said all night.
damn its 2 oclock already...time flies
aww i bet his smile is amazing
Plus Mila Kunis is pretty damn awesome.
Phone even had some pics she must have taken on set still on the memory card!
I love portlandia.
Controlling a storm is a useful trick indeed.
I hope everyone enjoyed their Valentine's Day!
Curly fries 
Here's the difference btwn Bill Maher and Rush Limbaugh: The people who watch Bill Maher know he's an asshole.
Jimmy Kimmel  HAHA!
My dad set me up with two fishing poles now we can go fishing!
thanks for the fishing idea!
Immortals, meh.
Entertaining enough...
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!!
GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Great canvassing today, thanks to all that came!
my myspace account www.myspace.com/slugo3
Watching weight loss shows makes me hungry.
: yupp.
:p Im coming to LA in march for spring break!
i cant wait, but spring break is so far away.
: lol
Time to leave Santa Cruz : I had an absolutely amazing few days and I'm excited to come back as soon as possible!!
Loved it so much here!!
Resist sir!!
Fall not to the dark side
I know it's bizarre, but I love grocery shopping!
Have u been to Sprouts Market in Culver City??
Best grocery shopping ever.
Will Middlebrooks, your mother should be so, so, so, so, so, so proud.
Guys, if you love amazing craft beer, head to because they have 3 Floyds Zombiedust on Tap right now.
INCREDIBLE
Dear dinner  Please show up at my door with littletono effort on my part.
Thanks, Liz
Must be summer fever when I'm excited about Keith Urban popping up on Pandora.
Crank it!
I feel like a baby.
All I can do is eat and sleep, and walking still gives me some trouble.
I changed my username again :.
Stay tuned...exciting news to share tomorrow!
Ha, I crushed one of those earlier today as well.
Contemplated mixing it w/ some whiskey
Bali may be the first country to have it's literature available online through Internet Archive  Brewster Kahle
Stoked for tonight.
Seriously, my favorite show on television!!
You know it's a great date night when it ends with learning the Fake ID line dance from Footloose : And yes, I finally saw it!!
The cat tunnel pictures are too adorable!
IF OUR BUSINESS IS ABLE TO HELP YOU, LET US KNOW; THANK YOU AND HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!!
a mouse singular.
Mice is plural.
AND WE HAVE RATS.
There's a conspiracy...
Today's first afternoon session at GenieFair2012 is Army Service in the War of 1812 with John Deeben, Genealogy Archives Specialist.
I'm a little scared to hold you close, cuz I just might, might never let you go...
Got me an interview at Guaranty Bank!.
:
Have empathy and compassion for others, but always compassion for yourself as well.
I need lots of monsterenergydoctornk for this upcoming boring 4!day weekend :
Worried about the heat?
is here to help keep festivalgoers cool.
Still haven't found the lemon sticks, though.
Ohio statewide tornado test happening at 9:50am, but apparently Defiance County's clocks are slow.
Sirens not going off in the city yet.
You should get while he's home recovering!
1 RT If any of my neighbors are awake, I'll buy a beer from you for 20.
Operation: mom bday flower surprise was a total success!
Thanks again to the man myth and legend for making my crafty new picture.
You're already following him, right?
Dope vid n track!
You should be able to in the registration area.
Use wordpress to make websites...
super easy super pro way less geeky than html coding :D
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
Mario Andoctortti running via
Welcome.
And why?
I am so incredibly fly, I can assume the form of a Gulfstream G6 airplane
It's all about Jesus!!
Merry Christmas!
Chunky white people painting pictures of angels.
That about sums up my evening.
depends on time of day.
If a newscast was on...I'd go there first, otherwise I go online.
:
I wrote response to your awesome review of the movie God Bless America
maybe I'd actually like superman then
I would love if was taught in school.
Some great thinking came out of today's EdInnoMeetup; thanks for organizing.
HELL YEAHH!!!!
Lets freaking paint this dull city red!!!
thisplaceabouttoblow!!
:3
These folks are hella goofy
gcyale : Influence doesn't always have to be blunt.
Access journalism is a mutual coopting of journalism and gov't.
I'm guessing your success rate is high, haha!
Luv ya!
The fog is creepin me out.
Having vampire thoughts again..
8O
u r welcome darlin'
im glad no one i know hasn't started that lol
Every 30seconds!
RT : our professorssor makes lowkey racist jokes everyday class
Laughter is not the best medicine, but it does let you forget the disease, at least for a moment, so pay it forward by sharing it
Ok everyone I just send a direct message to the winner of the contest
awesome cover tune for
i highly recommend the Night Cirus by this may be my new favorite book!
yes.
We will be open 9a to 9p.
Ifyouweresmart you'd call Charlene and ask about starting your undergraduate degree with NECB on Monday!
16166036942
Just finished an interview for umakrishnaswami.blogspot.com where I talk about how books achieve life beyond the page, and more.
Stay tuned.
hahah damn catching bitches steady talking about me
Tall bitch just had to sit in front of me didn't she?!
MAKE ROOM FOR SHORT PEOPLE
Get Trueblood V at vblood.com
off to Ingredients for Success: How to Launch and Operate a Restaurant in DC
I'll show you how to hold your liquor.
Lol
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit.
Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
TODAY:00: Gabriella Lukacs, doctoramwork: Cell Phone Novelists, Politics and Labor in Contemporary Japan Brooks 2nd floor lecture room
: So who wants to help fix Scotts broken heart...
uhmmmm me:
I love it when everyone stops texting me at the same time.
im bored courtney!

Are you pumped for your free white iPhone 3gs you'll prob break in 3 weeks?
You're welcome for being your brother.
BORDER TALK Instudio guests Valentin Sandoval  TJ English talkin Irish Mexican Alliance, Mexican  Irish beer, poetry, music Sat 501 Texas
I can't right now dear: I sent you a message!!!
Check your inbox!
its ungodly the amount of places I have applied to in the past 2 days
Finished off the beer breakfast with buffalo chicken dip.
I am a role model for those who wish to eat healthy!
How is packernation today?
One.
More.
Day.
is the only way to go
thanks for your support from me and artist moody RT via thx u both
Thank you following!
:
I'm good anytime really!
We believe that social media is more spiritual than
omb I feel the same way!
I better be seeing you at prac tomorrow or I might die...
FinalWords man relly went beast mode
RT New mission: visit every bar that I've been kicked out of for life and see if they still remember me.
So far, it's Bars 0, Mike 1!
Benny!
Yes!
So glad I'm not the only one with preteen musical tastes :
Watching Ghoulies, anyone know where I can get one w/o the overthetop rituals, i need them to ward off the douchebags
DO AN AUSTREAM SO THAT WE CAN SEE UR NEW ROOM
Retweet Police have issue an order for all tents to be removed from civic center occupysd help us now!
hope you stay in portland, been fan of your game since you came in the league..
The team does need to change something though..
is ready to go play!
Yay!
yeah, whole place cracked up pretty good!
Gotta say, a Italian Special on parmesan asiago bread with red wine vinegar  pure deliciousness
yea!
What system were you using before?
That commercial just made me through up in my mouth.
Poor kids, brainwashed so young.
Someone wanna go take my algebra final for me?
Yeah, I already have my future planned out; I hate being a sophomore.
I'm going to MSU, then going to teach Eng  Db8:
ah that sucks!!
When are you coming to LA?
ha.
Nah.
But thanks babe.
: lol
oh man.
Cheese.
What kind?
I still remember wanting to be exactly like Lindsey Lohan when I watched Parent Trap for the 1st time...
awks, bro.
outhouse's still exist???
Thanks for volunteering.
This event wouldn't be possible without compassionate community members.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
:
did you get recruited by zynga?
RT : RT : The ESPYs are God's way of telling you to read a book.
Is cleared to play football again!!!
yeah, we're working up a tabletcompatible ux now.
We are using the YouTube HTML5 api, though...
Rt: don't miss r online casting director workshop w/ David cady Monday night.
All classes , cd  agent workshops only 27 a month.
tight...where is it?
Ready to hop in diz shower den be on da way to wrk to make diz money
Congrats 20.
NYR first of many.
Don't talk to me I'm not your friend.
I'm just a fan of a fan
She still talkin ??
Damn shut up already
I wish!
Kill it in SD  RT : Are you the whale vagina girl?
Thanks for the retweet.
I try lol
haha.
I like it.
Tell you what.
If you're serious about an order I'll hook you up best I can.
London 2012  DisneyMay targets individual berth
Let's go Devils!
ABF Anyone but the Flyers...
I should curl my hair tomorrow!:
Doesn't want to know where my friends stand on the whole politics spectrum.
I judge them if they're not on my side.
yep its installed now.
Didn't even realize they updated till your tweet
Also Wool, the Omnibus edition, by There's a library of sorts in there.
And Swainston's No Present Like Time.
My hubby is a redhead with blonde eyebrows, arm hair and eyelashes lol
Merry Mad Men Day.
Can't wait.
Jersey Shore tonight!!
Not at all.
Relationships are like glass, sometimes its better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
it's impossible for me to doctornk Crystal Light without picturing a DFAC
Thanks for the shoutout!
did being sick make u speak latin?
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true.
Brian Tracy
just watched some good music check Em out , energetic and fun
Follow me if you've ever had a nugjar break on you  2K Unbreakable nug jars will ease your mind!
You...are funny.
my 100th tweet :
Okay buddy but follow back  thems the rules!
; 
tune in soon on www.otnet.tv for my show with the most powerful names in Entertainment
pain is weakness leaving the body :
now I understand why girls strip and pay tuition
God has TRULY blessed me with patience in my life
My lrt Aww , I Feel Bad For Her .
Lmfaoooooooo ,
that awkward moment, when im not in your bio.
uh 
stay yo ass out the sun
girls who have the best butts in yoga pants 
Agree.
Apple would not stoop to these measures.
Very cool, that sounds like her
Fun fact: Jello is gluten free.
Good bird  nice job!
I'm so excited for the Brewer game tomorrow!!
: yay
Try signing up again, you may have mistyped the password!
Car stuff not so much my thing, but I would love a certificate for car detailing.
Yes 25 includes admission,appetizers,2 doctornk coupons, hourly giveaways.if u want to come i can give u 5off
It is only the best thing ever!!
lmao it says playoff jersey
ill follow if she follows back : its only fair.
:
I really don't want to see smug Lebron James win..
here goes the 2nd half!
p.s.
I love basketball!
I don't even recognize myself anymore.
Always wondered how marketing folks got away with inventing blue raspberry but they threw in the towel with orange
moverslongisland available today!
get movers last minute with no extra fees!!!
we have some new pro's in the company, excellent references!
Doing well.
You're right, I guess I had been kinda quiet.
Back now.
Great to reconnect.
Hope you are well.
Beat 'em, Bucs!
Yeah, we like hot shit, not cold diarrhea.
I'm predicting a run on 5HourEnergy RedBull  RockStar tonight.
HungerGames at midnight crowd
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.
Pearl S.
Buck
no I updated mendeley and lost the citation extraction feature :
one of the best tweets I've ever seen!
lol :w
Trabajo con mi
Writing on the balcony this morning!
Whoo!
Thanks for the mention!
MarvelousMonday Follow and RT
Please check out our new website.
www.fortheloveoflisa.webs.com
HOORAY for FIRST DAY :
way to give an interview!
Signed O.J.
.
Yep.
Sure did!
Hope to see you again soon.
mis ojos are looking extra blue right now
Well i be damn tebow...
You still suck
HEAD SCRATCHER!
Some say there's a difference between nigga/nigger.
Does that spelling rule apply to brother, bro, brotha, brutha, bruh?
RT : Okay, off to anniversary dinner.
Our 12th!
It's tomorrow.
Same as Darwin's birthday ;/ Con!
I can ignore you so hard you will begin to doubt your own existence
I am on a new phone so I am glad u and ur friends enjoyed the fun and then some.
Now that I know about histamine intolerance, it explains other things I've attributed elsewise.
Including connection to estriol.
It sure is a beautiful Sunday afternoon to play catch with Jaden.
Ohh..
have you bought their album?:
Wait whats the bull balls kid name?
you've probably told me already or something.
idk.
Good news: N.
Korea rocket launch failed!
Bad news: back to coverage of Hilary Rosen/Ann Romney
Looking forward to that stylish heart necklace Jason buys me  then signs me up for a 2year car lease, signed by Santa the car salesman.
Kale...
how goes it?
Unfortunately the advisors do not have access to pull former transcripts.
Unofficial transcripts are fine if you have a copy
Sketchy wifi is KILLING me.
Finally turned it off and am using cellular.
Thanks for the refollow!
Thank you, lady :
details are almost a month away!
I can't sleep.
Rewatching all of 's keeks!
He got me laughing do hard and it's 2am :D
Reading Crank 3: Fallout, by Ellen Hopkins.
The only way out of this fetid mess is through.
care to back up your local survey with specific information on how the poll was conducted?
thingsisaidinthe90s its britney bitch.
it taste better then it looks ;
Break at work.
Mission: buy lotto ticket.
doctornking and finally catching up on my shows.
Now this is relaxing, maybe get a massage and ill call it heaven
Oh my god , listen to noname .
So good :
Up today!
Douglas Silver's Intangible Objects.
translitmag.com
Finally Friday!!!!
She said What makes you happy I said You I'm such a cheesy bastard but its true
Show is great!
You chose to download Doodle Jump?
ya cool froend
Get ready for high gas prices, ABC reporting CA at 4.
Don't add to the expense by having to replace a windshield, Windshieldoctorpair saves.
because I wanna be able to say I'm the youngest in da collab, Joe is older than twelve too?
Complex Variables, Differential Equations, and Linear Algebra is the 3rd course in the Calculus Revisited series at MIT OpenCourseWare
ahh yay!
Thank you!
Day has been made.: it'd be even better if you'd steal it and bring it to me.
This week we are hosting the Youth Round put on by Fremont Abbey Arts Center.
So excited for it.
Make sure you stop by.
Friday 8pm 8.
working at my regular table.
The table next to me seems to be the revolving door for Boystown first dates.
Booksigning TONIGHT!
Meet Grosvenor Square author Katherine Ann Meyer at Hill Country Bookstore, Georgetown, TX.
5:30  8:30 PM
It's going great!
Thank you Sarah!
How are you?
I hope to meet you someday soon!
you have to start fresh in November though, don't ya?
I wanna keep this sucker goin', haha.
agreed!!
NBC can suck it.
Monday night
Wisconsin's Jenni Radosevich earns NY reputation for DIY fashion  Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Maybe I can do my homework outside while doctornking a beer?
Now that would be multitasking at it's finest 
can't wait !
I grew up a fuckin screw up!
worst thing ever.
More companies need to just record your number, enter it in the queue and call u when rep is free.
Simple
The dudes in the car in front of us are dancing so enthusiastically that they made the dude in the car next to them dance!
The 1st opera I conducted, Halevy's La Juive, was produced and overseen by soprano legend
you have an awesome day too!
He clearly has spent time with Decker and McGahee.
I only fear What I don't know
8am games are rough, but both teams came out ready to play...BABC vs TX PRO
see a trend here?
somebody please show me a civilliberty that is still in tact...please.
a real nigga would have food and yams lined up..
im slackin smh.
there is still time!
Though and I may have eaten all the free cookies
I'm giving away ten 6month subscriptions to the premium content from The Art Of Self Exile.
1st ten to reply, me receive them.
i be jealous too..i take my baby from him
Any suggestions?
: It's getting close to being stout and porter beer weather.
Indeed.
Wrong Neil!
OMG I MIGHT GET MIDNIGHT TICLETS FOR NEW MOON EEEEKK!!!
LOL I REALLY HOPE I DO!!!!
Sending out a prayer for all you mothers....
you're wonderful...
zoe they kno wat it is
I'm not even close : but follow a few of the top dogs
Apparently the memo about wearing as little clothes as decently possible has hit the expo.
Conductors' barbeque today.
Lots of good food, always.
MAJOR PROPS To and for giving us NYK Fans some hope by winning today ...
Let's keep it up
come on :
Feeling doctorwn into a primal darkness, into a deep and endless red, feeling the need to dance alone in a stormy sky, feeling the need to fly.
4 more days left in Gold Card Week.
Great time to come in and save on your monthly supplements!
So glad you raised the issue.
Still hoping for more detail from Google!
SeaDogs and NHFisherCats playing for the first time in 2012 and DiceK makes rehab start for the PawSox.
Updates at
Think im gonna change my number
It's pretty cool, , that you get all of those different woodpeckers at your feeders!
We are, too!
See  it's every day!
Join us today to hear what Michael Bergdhal has to say about the 10 Rules to the Success of Walmart!
He wrote back, Eric?
Smooth.
That was the whole email.
I feel bad but dude, have a sense of humor.
It was an honest mistake.
what's up miss awesome !
im in shock that the beacon show is next Saturday ............i remember when i was fighting to buy my tickets .........
lol
jeter is the captainin of the evil empire.
Perfect music.
Let's just hope he doesnt land on the dl with a severed hand.
English research papers with ridiculous completion grade points.
sofargotzeroooo yeedig?
lol yup to bad I couldn't spend more time with my BF
yea kimmel usually does well in situations like that...funny but not too offensive or crazy
Yeah but it's putting money in my account ;  haha And not really haha You?
Listen to Ratko Zjaca's latest Now  Then this guy can play.
no bullshit..
widen your brand!
Lookin for any artist to work with!
Whos interested?
Email
Oh my God!
Family will test your patience!!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!
Burn bans Centennial, Golden,
Live music in the Artsgarden starts at 12:15!
Salsa dancing in rockville?
Oh ight!
they have a freakin app?!
MY LIFE IS COMPLETE.
I mean itI'm gonna buy shoes, and I'm ready for the weekend!
thanks for all your great ideas and help with !!!
Was a perfect way to spend the afternoon.
Don't lose your mind this winter.
You're welcome!
I'm hear from the beginning till the end!
:D
I know hahah
The Lakers Better Not Lose
I am a yarn first lady also.
I hate it when you tweet something that wasn't meant to be tweeted.
Watching The Voice...love this show
I'm so disgusted by that story.
That's not supposed to happen.
It's one of my favorite hats...dirr : On or off, I'll still hold you accountable ;
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveledup.
I'm a Level 4 Junior Ent Sapling now!
ha.
C'mon man.
The Denver Nuggets took them to a game 7
All day long hearing that I'm fat I'm ugly.
just makes me, mad at my own self..
only if it's sexy data with a real hook...
: Data is the new creative brief
Wilmington, El Monte and Pasadena bound...
hi Jennette!
We're holding a charity event in 2013  would love for you to attend.
We know you love charities!
:
Was the list set up specifically for that purpose?
I assume not, but kind of like that idea.
On my way to the HOLA Awards ;
on NW Sports Tonight at 6:30 w/ talking Ultimate Fighter on FX and more
lmao I mean I'm not gonna not talk to someone if they use certain faces.
I like .
and .
a lot.
.your sickness beat ur asian fangirlisms.
Getting frozen yogurt with babe.
Thanks for all the RT's!
This just in: is officially done with college exams.
Proud of you lil sis!
we LOVE them!
Try making your eggs green with chopped up parsley and herbs...
it's our way to make green eggs!
just had a baseball game....
those guys were cocky F
Is Mark Loretta gonna be a regular guy?
Love Lo.
With Andy Kushner Entertainment, Inc.
tonight at the Marriott in Bmore for a corporate event!!!
I Have 6 Reserved For You.
;
In the house of lovers, the walls are made of songs, the floor dances and the music never stopsRumi
Thanks .
I love testing my limits.
I do, just not formally.
Is that tweetably incorrect?
SUNSPOT SYZYGY: Sunspot group 1023 has an eyecatching shapeit is a straight line.
The group's four spots have formed a rare ...
ola's, Tuman's, zakopane...probably after 8...I'll let you know when we are out

Just got off da phne my Guy bestie Adoctoran....
lol yea.
Wen u get the chance read the books.
I think I broke Tumblr.
And they're very rich now ...
Gonna go on a limb and say that just about every pic of you looks kinda good.
We promised each other we wouldn't date him but you went behind my back and dated him anyways??
Beautiful day for a road trip !
Headed to Alabama with the family to pick up Gerald's new car ,he made me promise no more stunt doctorving :
RT'ing protected tweet is pretty much useless to everyone except 370 followers who can actually see the RT'd status justsayin'
Is it bad that it's 8 AM and I'm already looking forward to doctornking my Tequila tonight ?
The rain out there calls for a perfect time to get some of your clothes  things clean!
Come in today to be productive during this rainy day
project sounds like it will be a classic would love to be apart of it anyway hope to working with you soon.
Never tried don't have anything we can send now, but might take you up on it in the future.
I hope to outdo myself every time.
:
I just found out that my first 5K is actually an 8K!
Oh my!!
RT : follow this extraordinary man that he is!
thanks !
You're the sweetest!
it's not the same idea but close enough, apparently Zuck's med school gf and Steve Jobs was this inspiration
Happy Hump Day to you, as well.
Btw, I like your new professorle pic.
:
Not one, but two new blogs!
WOWEEE.
check them out here...
www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
what goes around comes around like a hula hoop
They're Beautiful , Would Of Been sexier WiT My Name spelled ON them Ha J/K
No!
are playing the same night as the Scripps Spelling Bee finals!
This is a tragedy!!
you need help.
we love you 3333
Slutgineers?
are they real?
Good Morning to you too ;
Top a di mawning Fb, such a beautiful morning here in the Bean.
Sending mi luv to me Canadian family, can you feel it yet  Much luv!!!
i'm thinking sometime this week!
I've only seen it once..and its one of the most quotable movies ever333
Thank you everyone who made it out yesterday for Jete Society HH  PingPong in Dupont!
Fab turnout good times!
TWB appreciates ur support!
How long you tolerate unhealthy circumstances is the only measure of how long they will last!
haha ya the new transportation
RT :...theres a lot i love about NYC, but I am SO ready to get the fark outta here.
// Goodbye trash tumbleweed of Astoria.
I'd rather be with you
Too many gods/gaining importance over/other absolutes
confirming my recital this coming Friday  April 16th at 8PM My hand is better now and I hope to see all friends on Friday night!
i love evey one of my followers yall make me the happiest person and able o do what i do : i wont give up ill keep moving forward
FMLBank of America can't verify funds to pay a check funded by a BANK OF AMERICA ACCOUNT!!!
Thank you Red!
: sharethelove with the your family and the kids out there who needs help!
HelpTheWorld
thats why i hate going to the store.
you see everyone you used to know!
smh
Need to learn how to be strong
awesome!
Who is the speaker?
nobeuno When My Mixtape Get Me Famous n Haters Try get in my face NOBEUNO
When you get reassured that all the bad stuff isn't true!
What the fuck going on twitter
Well .it's been a long day good night .twitter!!!!
Goodnight everyone
pretty weak
Holy shit!
If you buy a suit right now at Joseph A.
Bank, they will give you another 9 suits and raise your grandmother from the grave.
Thanks for the follow!!
boycott Target this holiday season due to that annoying chick in the black friday commercials
I can't wait until summer.
You know that feeling you get when you hear an icecream truck come down your street!
:
RT : If it takes specialinterst big  lobbyists from CALIFORNIA to moleg to pass it, socalled edoctorform prob wrong 4...
I know you do, figured we would have a little fun at your expense!
Pioli's forehead thingsbiggerthantheRoyalman'sTip
Fantastic feedback.
Who is going to see a big name from the 80s tonight with her number one girl?
I am!
And we'll have sushi too!
haaha stfu, trust me no one thinks that.
Maybe creepy as fuck.
Creepasses these days...
I stand corrected.
Nope.
RT : I think it was you.
RT Who said that?
RT : Quote: I am the inverse Anthony Kiedis
The Awkward moment when doesn't tweet u back..
.
Lol
sorry about that tweet the other day someone took my phone in the infield
What is it you really want?
im tired of asking
just woke up had along day
My name is Clinton Murchison.
I'm a Youth worker.
I work with troubled youth within our community trying to make a difference in their lives
thanx for the RT's!
Have a good day!
u being forced to move out of your hilltop castle  that wuld truly suck
I think I have a brain freeze, wait can you have a brain freeze by thinking about ice cream or eating ice cream?
I luv Ernest Hemmingway.
I do very little sober Ernest darling.
m m mm love bein in rehearsals with and among others!!!!
are you washing it all down with
Excellent.
Hope she loves it!
Wow, it's Wednesday already.
That rocks, right?
Totally forgot that my parents went out tonight onceinabluemoon I'm home before them.....
No.
Not yet.
But I will.
I'd like to review your blogposts on the D Plane first.
I have just seen the Germany top and it is bright green, looks good.
I thought it would be the dark teal from '90.
Super excited to be in the mix with my man at Lucky Lounge in Oakland.
Come through after the fight for doctornks  good times.
goodnight i loved ur show tonight 3 .
I always say things I want to then I'm like why the fuck did I say that
My love, my heart is beating for this moment in time.
3
One of the biggest local sales is just around the corner!
Shop tomorrow  Saturday at the KidStuff East Louisville sale....
We are l ooking forward to Gabby's interview tonight!
its okay
TRINGLED is a feature that is rife with conspiracies and conspiracy theories.
You'll only be safe if you trust no one!
What is the definition of meme?
A unit of cultural ideas that spreads and mutates
you're different.
;
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day
RT Wow, that's a shame, he was a nice guy.
Rest in Peace!
...yhoo.it/qny16O Indeed, RIP bro!
I do too ugly!
: how are you??
School tommorow.
Not ready to go.
ahahhahaa just got my sister's vote :D because of the opening performance.
we look forward to host your sites!
Thanks for the nice words ,
Hey, thanks for the great suggestions!
Yep, it's already gone!
Lol
RT Fat girls, just because they make your size, doesn't mean you can wear it.
I'm still too new to twitter to have encountered this issue...but I have to believe that there are others with experience here
In Flaggstaff AZ looking for somewhere to play !
He might be but I will be tired
I'm there from 210 so maybe ill seeya again!
There Aint No Women ALIVE That Can Take My Momma's Place !!!!!!!
Only 30 spouse of the entertainment industry shall be selected into the Cs branded Trading Card Series.
Tell us how you might like to see i
Jerel worthy my home town homie is on my radar
exactly.
I wanna be forever young.
you all come up to upper lobby after tonites dinner for after party.
20 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
yes, very.
if Taylor swift shows up tell her I love her and im gonna marry her one day.
k.
Thanks.
Well other chefs used fat and confit and cocacola let's see if lean meat and tofu gets it
Cirque de Solei wants you to know that movie theatres are dangerous places.
After seeing this year's nominees, I'm inclined to agree.
Irene panic in DC even worse than blizzard panic.It's going to rain.
A lot.There'll be some wind.
Sunday the sun will shine.The end.
RT Congrats to Creighton for becoming the Missouri Valley Conference CHAMPIONS in both Basketball  SOCCER!!!
Perfecto!!
Love bubbles!!
your tweets crack me up!
I read Matt the one about shoe horns ...his response I love shoe horns...he was serious too!
All I really need are some ears to hear me doctoram.
They served their purpose.
Maryland got everyone's attention.
Dick for that hahah
King of the web?
Hm....
I assume you don't mean running into the Cheesecake Factory...
Girl I tell myself this all the time!
Lol 
In rare cases when the diagnosis is in doubt, your doctor may suggest blood tests or skin prick testing to confirm your pollen allergy.
No energy to finish getting ready...
I will never understand
O MY GOD DO YOU SEE THESE TWINS ON THIS JLO DANCE SHOW THO?!?!?!!?
DIABLO THESE LATINAS ARE BAD!!!!!
DONT CRY BABY!!
ILL MARRY BOTH OF U
Snow in midApril??!!
digiconf12 O'Leary: Kobo launched in Germany with 3 times as many books as Amazon.
Software for Video Conferencing technology is also used by the HR department to carry out interviews and by others to train new recruits.
Day 4...Prelims at the LVHilton tonight featuring the glam state costume parade with swimsuit and evening gown for all 54 contestants!
Atria Books Publisher Judith Curr says QR codes have between 100300 scans.
Can't wait for tomorrow!
Happy holidays!
Packing to move  anything else
Had an amazing night 3 prom couldn't have been better :D
Had a doctoram about Darth Vader.
Cool.
is in Portland tonight...
Wishing I could be there :'
Sean Paul came to Gaby's in Pembroke Pines?!
Wow!
I'm late.
I'm doing great!
How've you been?
You going to be in Chicago for the NRA show?
auburn put a javascript in that puts the bib record number in the prepend
Ashley Young, yes, but Rooney, no.
Not a noted diver.
He'll take it when it's available, but he's no doctorgba.
Not even close.
hi David!
Beach Bodies.
Single but why is that?
Yes, definitely!
We'll be at the Greater L.A.
Writers Society Booth/roaming around.
Sean Sellers has been an obsession of ours for a while now.
We are writing a concept album about him, and the ensuing witch hunt.
It was a recap of what had happened previously.
There's only one thing to say after you realize you've just fucked Lois Lane: Your ex boyfriend is who?!
Spin class instructor quote Everyone take their heart rate, Hey HOW OLD are you?
Seriously?...Come on Man....
Books cannot always please, however good; Minds are not ever craving for their food.
George Crabbe 
I...am...nothing...without...JESUS
The best way to prepare for LIFE is to begin to LIVE
in barber's chair in
The junior girl i was with last saturday, knows my bro, and she told him i'm so adorable...well3;
will be deciding on wine to share for holiday get together...stay tuned.
yo bro can you follow me back it will help me out alot
Haha : I am undefeated in the arguments I have with people in my head.
The MatrixTrilogy is legendary.
I can watch them all on repreat..
Maybe not Mat Reloaded, but you get my point.
good morning!!
: thank you!!!
Good morning  TGIF!
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
Im rollin gasoline bout to blow a gasket
That's fucking awesome!
And, yeah, you're kid would go apeshit for this movie.
professorrsonal I like that.
I also like using lists on Twitter to follow groups.
aww thanks!
wish I would have been there.
Beer thirty!
Come grab a doctornk!
My Sis said hoes will do anything for da D
Wonder if Tebow is hanging with his bestie since he's been gone for several days.
I think that's how the story goes?
One word: mintchocolatechipicecream
I wish friends were like money.
You can out them to the light and see who is real or not.
Woke up with a hangover, hangover gone.
I'm so stoked for practice tomorrow, been awhile since I've played with the guys
And they say he cant hit
the steps beat u 
Business in the front, party in the back.
Yes I have a mullet..yes it has racing stripes and a lightning bolt on the side.
Halfway through list.
Save yourself from Midnight in Paris.
theantibestpicture RT : push starts this weekend.
Design Tip: Spruceup a room by painting a different color on one of the walls.
Use artwork or fabric for the color inspiration.
No kidding.
Another great one today.
I'm so impressed.
How are the bobbleheads?
Today's BTU inspiration: Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out?
Oliver James
lets make a movie when u come to charlotte.
what u think
Going back to school unprepared 
Pacers  Heat
Even the grass gets doctornk
OBAMA IS the most INCONSEQUENTIAL President in HISTORY.
NOTHING is his fault.COULDN'T fix ANYTHING.
I'm at a social media workshop.
Good speakers.
Starbucks coffee though, not a fan, tastes burnt.
is happening Nov.
913.
I'm excited for the tasting events with
Congrats to ORU basketball on their 27 win season this year!
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms of the world!
Team Ares
Next week we reveal the first two guests for the Bases and you guys will love them!
Two very famous people.
One has even been on NBC
thanks for the SO!
RT if you love Big Time Rush 3
IF ONLY I COULD RETWEET THAT UHG
hell yeah that Arab on at 64th on the strip be tweakin
New episode of DanceMomsMiami :
Testimony ends on coasset bill in House Finance Committee.
Had an awesome time in Sioux City this weekend!!!
Paul Rudd DOES.
NOT.
AGE.
it's true, I do really love solving the quadoctortic while boarding down the mountain.
thanks for stopping by..
Great picture!
Enjoy dinner!
Almost 2 months of school left?
Lets do this poo!:D
If Austin come to Indonesia, he would love it and I guess Austin will never forget the day that he come to Indonesia
can you follow me please ?:
Witness prep was outstanding today...the 4.5 hour doctorve home was not.
ouch.
I don't listen to Andoctor kiddo
awesome.
I don't have quite enough for a quilt but I've been tempted to make commemorative pillows out of some e.g.
Tigerfish!
Seriously how the hell do you get a time out back!
You call it to bad.
Preparation If youre only focusing on your lines, youre only doing half the scene.
Good work today Chef!
LOVE your work!
Saw the BFF Pendants on Pinterest and getting them!
Thanks for sharing your creativity!
you need to.
I must go to every Caps game!
I'm going to saturday's game though.
I'm getting a free Backstrom bobble head!
:D
anything you freeze is good later if you stove top cook it or put it in the oven.
GoodMorning Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful Mothers today.
You deserve it.
Enjoy.
Im so shambly today
We are looking for the right Tech vc venture funding or private investment group to partner in web technology Chicago IL NYC NY Manhatten
Nice game Wisconsin.
Gave em everything they could handle
Hi Jean  thanks for the FF mention!
Bewitching FF is very intriguing .
.
.
Have a great weekend!
butt you lovee me 
its crazy cuz i fux with all music so the soundz is still melodic and hermonic enough for a nigga spit yall cold joe
Working on Preserve America Grant for a client in SC and submitting a proposal for strategic planning services in Marietta, Ga.
okay.
i think that should wear a pink bikini ;  should do the dance dare!!
sorry I'm behind but working on this.
Before Saturday?
:
Everyone: this crap going nation wide!!
Me: nation wide is on ur side .
LOL
The Jawbone UP can't count steps when you're pushing a stroller.
dont you have a comedian, to cover comedy things?
Today's the big day for the Avett Brothers ticket giveaway!
So many entries...
Me nd my fourteen happy with just us;
agreed.
so much of this multichannel participation is tightly interdependent on various factors
Mischa Machez throws down from just over sea level at gastropub in Bristol PA tonight, support live music  grab a CD.
Hollywood thinks we're stupid.
Like flash and bang will make us forget how stupid a movie is.
Our pockets won't forget tho!
locally, Miller Bakery
Which strategy was worse: Pat Barry purposefully trying to weather the Lavar storm or doctor Pepper telling women not to buy their product?
I'm participating in the DayofSilence for the kids who have gotten bullied and committed suicide/killed b/c they were gay RIP Lawrence King
sometimes I wish you could see like I do
i freaking love jenna marbles
follow us on Facebook!
Lots of fun ideas for language enrichment!
teaching moment : but I understand, for ease I often describe myself as a librarian, but I'm really an archivist
If my co worker Matthew had a Twitter....
I would thank him for being a great friend.
He is a little mean..
but he actually has a soul.
:
aw I'm sorry : I'm here if you need someone to talk to though!
Narcolepsy seems like it would be fun, if it weren't for the whole falling on your face thing.
thanks, bro.
chillen lol just wanted to say what's up
Have a Safe and Happy 4th everyone!
Thanks to all the reps who are out working promos for us today!
ha!
No way.
HAPPY 18th BITHDAY hope you have a great day!
I am FEARLESS.
I am making hokey pokey with honey, and I ain't skeered neither.
Who would win between Chuck Norris and 'the most interesting man in the world'???????
In SilverLake, at Intelligentsia, feeling good bc it is packed at 11:30 on a workday, work?
And glad I grew out my hipster beard.
That was such a cheap shot by the DSA.
enjoyed our pizza lunch and convo.
happy to have you visit.
if u wanna doctorve back w us you're more than welcome xx
you should be watching pinkfloydweek on No foolin'
I need to remember all the ways I can make Josh malleable: when he is, he does stuff like laundoctor.
When he's not, he does stuff like WoW.
The JFK killzone tours are pretty interesting and strange.
it would be amazing if opened for Jordan knight!!!!
I mean, I guess you're stereotypicalattractive, but that by no means makes me think you are.
to your question What would you do with more free time?
More time would allow me to skype with my family.
would love to see his answer
No No !
Thats not what i meant
Honestly just wait and see.
Vinny got one!
:
I hope they were tasty!
i was just for mother's day and some of today.
Back in Athens now
Lost in my thoughts so to avoid getting stuck there I'm saying Good Night
I miss you too!
I was just talking about you today to Janett.
Off to Minnesota and Salt Lake City.
Make sure to check out my new blog, TeenKillers.com.
And GO STEELERS!!!!
Battleship is 131 minutes long.
Battleship.
131 minutes.
Battleship.
Nichols on differences of opinion w/Johns Hopkins press abt what an ejournal is.
Eds expected to use images, JHP thought PDF only.
Greyhound doctorver chic.
EXCELLENCE IS A VIRTUE THAT COMES FROM WITHIN LEGENDARY'S WHAT I BECAME SOON AS I PICKED UP THE PEN
So sorry!
USE the strongest pain meds you have for a few days to stay ahead of the pain, that's what its for!
Well I've got likeminded dudes in Detroit or Vancouver .
Newport, Boca and Brum!
Tweet back 1 word that best describes Gandhi 4UR chance to win 2 FREE tix 2 screening of BLACK FRIDAY on Fri Apr 13th!
was a twitter virus.
Reset your password of you tried to open the link.
Daylight is finally reaching Africa and I am loving it!
RT : As soon as you truly commit to making something happen, the how will reveal itself.
Tony Robbins
That's OK Elaine.....we all ridicule him too!
;0
goodlookin bro i appreciate it much love
today I signed with a hollywood agent and after signing, your song a moment like this came on, it took me 8 years, thank you
It's Wednesday.
It's 1/2 Price Bottle of Wine Night.
Need we say more?
attendance is required in this class of people.
You're blessed when you can show people how to cooperate instead of compete or fight.
I was being sarcastic....
haha we obviously have been apart for WAY too long if you didn't catch on to that
It's really takes being around optimistic people a lot in order to receive inspiration to succeed.
Like minds  a superhuman mind together
Get your basil on with our dinner special tonight: Pesto Shrimp  Pasta sauted in garlic, olive oil  cherry tomatoes, just 18.95!
I can't stand ignorant people.
when do you come back to pulaski?
you are forgetting Richards too
RT : What are you following this weekend in sports  entertainment?
WeekendOutlook Headed to Madison for the Wisconsin game
True story.
Never turn your back on love.
Being introduced to Starcraftplaying in the wee hours...
In other words, yet another give 'em what they want vs.
what they should want dichotomy  not easy for professorssion to tackle
Heyy Beautiful : How Is Everything Goin ??
Normally, I agree with your articles, but I'd say all of those are avoidable as long as your paying attention.
XRadio.biz  Vegas Racing hangs out inside the Luxor, Wednesdays, doors open , see you tomorrow!!!!
they go to armpits.
there i signed it :

To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
Elbert Hubbard American publisher and writer
If you can't win Ohio, you can't win the White House.

CSS3 animations for ALL browsers!
The duration is 2 days, 0 hours, 6 minutes and 0 seconds Or 173,160 seconds 2886 minutes 48 hours FOR PROM !!!!!!!!
:
Hey friend !
Sore and tired after a long day moving.
Love the new crib!
RT : The restroom in this restaurant is marked BOTH.
Does this mean I was supposed to bring a friend?
Come on rivers!!!
Get it done!!!
OK if you had to pick one fiction book to win the Pulitzer, since the judges could what would it be?
Follow and for the latest on AL attempts to ram HB56 tweak bill thru legislature
Lololll is lois grandt a dog ?
Or is that sassee...im confused lol
Happy Holidays!
hit my line cuz
Oh my goodness!
We played endless hours of solitaire on those Treos!
:
Give thanks, I've started to follow you also.
Peace.
1/3 of the women in china are millionaires
When was the last time you heard of NSYNC or 98 Degrees?
And they were big 10 years ago, and nobody even knows them anymore.
ceelo said it right when he said u shred like a really good guitar solo.keep doin ur thing lady ,ull go far !
I wish more people tweeted in the morning..
At least the Celtics are kicking ass!
Hello and good morning...everyone
about to head over to the Bluebird for Split Lip Rayfield.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!86
Saw this comment on 1 of many stories about Black Christians response to gay marriage: We don't care what Blacks think, just how they vote
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :
What is the context of that question?
I saw how Nutella had a backlash since it basically so bad for you.
yeah that's a very cool touch.
Is the book The startup of you?
I heard his coauthor speak at an event interesting guy...
Follow me on instagram : im new..
And I only have 2 followers..
loner.
follow Taralovesyoucx ;
Thank you!
And hopefully very soon, only times I'm able to record are weekends during the day because of my neighbors hahaha
Aulani was designed to keep Hawaiians in mind Joe Rohde.
I was there in Sept.
And they really did keep it very Hawaiian
Thanks for the mention, but we make handbags and totes, not jewelry!
One day, everyone will 'pledge allegiance to my swag'  love that joint!
TI hit it right on the nail with that one!
and no responce...
THANKS

players like Lin come along regularly without the fanfare, but suffer same fate: better players to to shut him down.
But I guess that's just karma for intentionally throwing at Prince's head 2 years ago!!!
Hipsters, just because you use Instagram does not make you a professorssional photographer.
Screw AP clasees!
ugh.
: For Jones: Can you give a more concrete description/example of asking tough questions again during interviews?
sxmggp
Thanks for the link.
I am looking forward to checking it out on my computer.
On phone it is tiny.
Avengers was amazing.
Childhood heroes still do it for me!
speak my mind
Every GPS system is the same.
The narrator always sounds put out when you miss a turn.
Recalculating!
I don't think Billy Gibson is showing up...Why are we always on he hunt for Billy Gibson?
No prob, anytime!
LOL SheMeansBusiness.
I do when it comes 2 my Giants!
I mean, I named my cat Timmay Lincecum!
Impressive, Creighton raised 20,000 in the Pink jersey auction and collected 9000 more last night in donations, nicely done Omaha
What is up.
Absolutely Shanna!
Looking forward to chatting with a fellow San Diegan wine junkie :
SLOVENIA, ALGERIA, ENGLAND  US IN POOL C OF
lol!
yes, most colorful though too ;
I've had an iPhone for 2yrs, an iPad for 10 mos and a MacBook since December.
And I STILL can't get the hang of iTunes!
soannoying!!!
I can't wait til you come over cause I'm feeling like you ready, ready!
lol do you really wanna kno
I'm going to go find Ethan a dad to come pick him up.....um did my father really just say that shit to me???
Stuffing my sleeve full of tricks for tonight's Dynamic Deception at Dada's Restaurant and Lounge.
Check my 2 shows starting at 10 PM.
Wondering if the windy weather in Denver will preclude PORTUS from looking at solar panels....but it is a photo op.
You get the award for the best line at the office today: try and get through my lysol gauntlet.
Just happy it's fucking Friday
jus got home.......
i guess im bout 2 try nd dance
From chocolate bars to chocolate cakes, countless individuals good adore eating chocolate
Wow, I almost forgot that I haven't watched last nights The Walking Dead .
.
.
off to the DVR!!!
Can you imagine cleaning your teeth with a mixture of honey, bones, eggshells  oyster shells?
The Romans in 200 AD did.
This is going to be a powerful week getting the balanceof my 2,900.00 to attend the Wisdom Course.
I will make it.
Go Cynthia !!!!!!!
This is a good movie!
Awwwwhh: Thanks !
So Much!
:
great seeing you last night.
Sorry we did not have a ton of time to catch up.
Gordon
oh snap, i didn't know you had lost that.
but that's good that you found it :
THX for retweet !
PLEASE bring Schlitz to Boston!
The only place i can find it is Kappy's!
Schlitz  PBR ROCK :
They call me RI BREAD ;
Life is a mystery..everyone must stand alone..I hear you call my name..
...tell Me
PSA: My birthday is in 5 days.
There are two kinds of worries  those you can do something about and those you can't.
Don't spend any time on the latter.
Duke Ellington
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this any more!
Headed to a 3pm New Media Specialist interview downtown.
Keep me in prayer.
Yes!
I can't wait.
Celebrating cinco de mayo style.
Wow.....Zimmerman got 150k bail and a fuckn ankle bracelet!
Wow....u can KILL some1 and just go free....this is complete bullshit
And Go Packers!
I may have been unclear; I could, I would, and I did.
Grover is exempted from my antiflute biases.
marie here yaay!
Yes!!
Way to go Canucks Presidents men 2 years in a row.
Nice works boys!
Morning all!
Wondering if I should got to library this afternoon or just work on other projects.
gonna layout with the roomie, :
ball sweat will kill ya on a day like today
Tell me more, Virgil
thanks good luck :
BABY GOT BACK!
YOU!
xo
; are you going to this party tonight?
doctormamine, best Modest Mouse song
Got it.
Still, how can advisors be more successful  professortable?
Get rid of paper account forms!
/// Who walked out??
I've been over you for a long time.
You know I don't have the best confidence.
So why do you constantly tear me down?
Links are up on www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your hockey games its free and fun enjoy!!!!
Nice win caps!
We needed that one
.
busy tracking rain, storms; live w/ morning weather  live w/ Brookfield mosque meeting
Happy Birthday to the beautiful
: Thanks!
We will probably see you there.
Got to get all my favs in before surgery on Monday.
keep us posted!
damn a nicca stuck off the hog leg eyes real low FLY OR DIE DUH support the move ppl!!!!!!
Busted out My princess blanket for nation princess week.
S/O to all my fellow princesses!
Happy Father's Day to all the Father's out there!!
What's it like being a Model, Morgan?
Heard all of that before,  looked into it.
That article is very misinformed.
Id love to talk to you about it more in depth.
The East is killing the West  the
STOPKONY2012 19Days and we will shock the world
nothing like living in the country and seeing the stars.
so peaceful
Omg puppyseason has come early to Chicago.
Don't these people know the dog will want walks in the winter too?
Everyone look up he is great!
Goog thing we have several years to figure it out.
LOL
That'd be so awesome, I'd have sex with myself.
needthis!
RT : WhatAWomanNeeds a penis in her vagina.
Way to go
me too.lol.no homo
but where would you fit all that muscle??
I love how im trying to find something to do at school and I cant...
Roy Williams welcome to the Chicago Bears, today we start our defense of the NFC North Division Title

Cheap friends are the worst!
Nothing worst than a ghetto female....TERRIBLE!!!
Headed to The Oriental Theatre for day 9 of mff2011!
Who's going to Close Encounters?
The cinematographer will be there.
Thanks to everyone who participated and helped with SMWLA!
Hope to see you at the closing party!
We don't make the rules.
: i thought confession was supposed to keep you OUT of hell.
Is it Friday yet?
Thx  Frank Nguyen for a great astd2012 session.
Looking forward to using the tool  initiating dialogue about this.
I passed all my professorciencies.
I remember the days when sent you out your next disc when the one sent to you was damaged.
Guess customer service is dead.
: ugh I cant stop smiling u need too cuz that smile is ugly!!!!
Lol
my mom makes me eat a two spoonfuls of flax seed errday nasty
Looking forward to getting my doctorver's side door fixed.
Pain to get in  out on passenger's.
On a positive note: more exercise.
I'm just gonna be bored and write a status every few seconds .
:
right...those are good times.
Bondbuying Kenyastyle: at the tap of a mobile phone
I know she didn't!!!
Happy Easter!
I get to celebrate the best of both worlds!
:
Up thinkin...gm loves
I guess I been complaining about my back enough.
He told me to get a heat pad but I was being hardheaded so he went and bought 1 for me !
Did you get to yell RELEASE THE ART HOUNDS?
who's your dad?
:o
FOOLS!
RT : I love how people in our society still think tattoos are a mental illness ha!
What a closed minded simpleton
Bet I got some weed.
Bet I got your bitch.
If you bet against the Twins every day, you're going to have more money than when you started.
Not everybody else .
SoBetIt !
That's awesome!
I had fun trying to guess which industry the questions were coming from.
One must have been Neflix or Hulu.
My XMAS tree was too big for the car so I had to cut the top off.
It wasn't so bad.
I always wanted a convertible anyway.
RT
YAY!
RT : This Saturday!!
RT : Does anyone know when the new issue of comes out?
The Masters is an amazing tourny.
The only thing worth changing is this green jacket ceremony.
Do it on the 18th green with the fans.
Justin should've stayed for Sexy and I Know It.
Why is mater academy so fucking cold.
you are just not having any luck with your email
Kids are cute : Until they start talking back to you 
Turn this ish up !
Besides press releases, how do I get more kids/teachers/classrooms involved with my coloring contest?
Any ideas?
Feedback appreciated!
whats up with this pots video?
Set your goals on kroq?
awee i bet its finee.
least your in the studio and im stuck at home studying for finals.!
lol
Need an arbitrator in nevada contact
Please come to Portland!
RT : Hey Seattle!
You can find Rancho Gordo products at Picnic!
Northern Light were dancing in anchorage this morning.
Great show.
I hate my fat ass!!!
so what led you to use steroids?
Not forgotten!
But 140 characters is so short!
have some of the best blogs around!
Thanks for the coffee talk, !
Madcap is a great place.
baby I knew it to be true
TEEN TIP 4 Today: Just because you can do it, does not mean that you should do it.
...
I'll be watching from the wings for sure, and at every rehearsal.
Suites bySondheim
So proud of !
Congratulations, you truly deserved it.
I've never screamed out load in happiness while watching
and we all knew that all along!!
So I just woke up from a 5 hours nap.
no sleep tonight..
Thanks for the shout out !
If I had sex with gaga she probably rape your Dick off!!!
Hearing lil e sing, where is thumbkin?...run away...that is the most adorable thing ever :
It seems obvious, but you should always read the guidelines and follow all instructions and deadlines prior to applying
Why is this SNL with Will Ferrel just pretty dumb
Gym, audition.
Its going to be a great day.
Going to the DMV 2ma for a performance.
Shout out to dc and maryland
Lots of awesome music coming out of today!
You can fucking kiss my ass, human centipede.
Tomorrow, doctorving to Las Vegas!!
me too!
RT I love seeing the Cincinnati Skyline doctorving home from vacation.
I always know I'm finally home
they probably will, but oh well!
True story: after endlessly writing myself/friends notes reading please excuse from PE today as her menstrual cycle is cau...
Pennybag Paul!
HA!
That's awesome.
Today's prices have doubled!
Get half off all orders!
Chewin this new rootbeerfloat flavored gum for the first time...The verdict: incredible!
We have to curriculum readers and 3 facilitators
i know Im so happy
Ah, I thought you were visiting.
Let's not wait until the end of the year for lunch!
S/ O WUZUP WIT A FOLLOWBACK..
What do you do when you know your bf and BFF are fucking, but don't have proof?
Sorry TeuxDeux, Wunderlist just stole my heart.
You can also follow me on your tube or at my website as well.
Search misterlatinjazz.
Shooting Edgardo Cambon's Candela at Yoshis at 8
that sucks where your new seats?
I cant make it tomorrow.
Wife and everyone else r going
hi back, and look forward to following you too!
got my name from a picture of a friend's grandpa..
on my website check it out
Hi let me look into it for you.
Some things are seasonal so it may reappear :
Mental note: Don't ever fly SAS to Copenhagen again...
Yep.
That'll do it.
youre so cute!
Mind follow my new, more private account?
I'll follow you back there too
thanks!
For real though, it was a great show.
Help Progress: ww.change.org/petitionsbringnhlhockeytokeyarena
RT : UFC fight tonight..Me on the video mix and handling the MICfiesta shot specials all night!!
Meet ...
That's awesome!
I'm trying the same to shake off the Monday moodies.
Well, according to you, after three more games, we'll be doing the same.
Getting ready for next year!
:
gameofthrones time.
Go get
You are so funny.
For some reason I don't see your Tweets that much on my personal account.
Watch out for spiders!;
I'm hearing buy on pull back in this market.
Really?
What is cheap when future earnings are at risk.
Wine n rum 
Congrats on the news today.
That is great.
Really exciting for you guys.
Stfu, you don't even call me.
RT : Story of my life.
: TeamICalledMakaylaBigHeadAssAndSheAintAnswer smh.
Does Bobby Convey have a twitter account?
Working out listening to a hodgepodge of music: , 6,Crazy Town, is wrong with me?!?!?!
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever
yep.
that's why we just help people tell good stories...everyone luvs a good story.
Ads?
Not so much...
I want to thank everyone following me.
It will be well worth it and i will help make your future a brighter one for you and your family :
can i get a ff for a 25 yr vikes fan here in tn, screw the Titans lol.
I stay true
HelloBrooklyn My Cousin bought me a sick snapback in NYC
If I show up on ya TL .
Follow me bck.
Thanks :  SiptheShitThatKills
2010 MLB IS HERE.
LET'S GO NY METS!
My dogs breath always smells like ass
Lovin this beautiful day.
I was made for loving you Baby You was made for loving me..
Kiss
Fairway Golf Cart Rentals in West Palm Beach, Florida Adds UHaul Rentals
Great win for the Indiana Hoosier's tonight!!!
I just noticed the hell my left leg goes through
send in your TSPARMY pictures now!
c:
Come in today and try our Sriracha ketchup with your burger and fries!
Guaranteed to spice some things up!
thanks for ff :
March will be our biggest month in Sales!
We are really starting to move product.
Search terms that brought people to my site: akim reinhard jews; chimpanzee pubescence; film crew takes over parking; institutional betrayal
I think must be almost there already Sandoctor!
excited about sunday for serious!!
the one book that never made it in the series: Chicken Soup for the Ginger's Soul
RT : Curl Lashes before Applying Mascara to avoid Damaging Lashes MaryKay Makeup Tip Find More  www.marykay.com/mistylynn
Dang I can tell you missed me
you are alive this morning
can you make a paracord koozie ?
If so, sign us up!
We've hired a valet service for lunch  dinner parking!
5 til 9pm, 7 after 9pm.
Pull up in front of on the 16th St side.
Beautiful day to be a Saltwater...glad you had a great time!
NO ONE MAN SHOULD HAVE ALL THIS POWER!
Just watched a My Little Pony episode that had an homage to the Star Wars throne room scene.
My day is complete.
Went on tilt on fulltilt and lost buyin never chase when on tilt bad money management should have left the table.
she already interviewed cristina??
3.
Share a taxi from where undoubtably u will be featured in for going 2 in osu/hipster gear
Sexy can I?
tried to catch u in person tonite after TV bubble.
DM if interested in wearing a 3Bet patch/gear tmister.
have  for a deal.
Ladies and gentleman, please be aware of pickpockets.
In NYC It's considered rude to tip less than 15 of your savings account.
I Dont Need No Phone 2 Do My Do
Thanks!
A nice surprise this morning!
Thanks, Ya'all...XONZ
Well, that's true, but a couple of weeks ago things weren't that good.
oh xD i just ate 6 cookies...i think i have a problem o.e
WHAT YOU'RE KIDDING JMAC?!?
Happy Valentine's Day my SmallFrySoldiers !
3 oh an I almost forgot my cheer team placed 2nd at our competition Sunday!
GoTerriers!
Xoxo
I guess someone at master control realized the mistake.
Jay Leno is back on now...
man, why is wordpress so wack?
Why tha fuck u on twitter?
Hey all!
I'm super excited to get back to the shooting range this Thurs to continue weapons training  pics to follow :
DELIGHT IN THE SUCCESS OF OTHERS
I pretend not to hear the alarm clock until I absolutely have to get up.
if you need any incentive, it'd be that much easier for me to make fun of Kyle.
Good morning every one!
Since Twitter doesn't give us enough to type, i'll end up doing my post in segments.
Here it goes: I know us
Stoked for the Basic Intelligent Semantic Heuristics Program.
New heights for adaptive social behavioral learning.
mister President I have never been so touched and grateful!
You have made history today and I thank you sir.
You moved me greatly.
I'm ready to throw on my tims and triple goose, lol.
Ny it out!
Hoping my daddy will pay for our Be ICONic tickets  momma will buy plane tickets...then we'll pay for the hotel...ya know...easier..
well she just said she wanted to but she wants you to go
Great to see some familiar faces at
Thank you for walking us thru so much of 's goodies!!
: In school you're taught a lesson, then givin a test.
But in life, you're givin a test that teaches you a lesson.
Get Papelbon up
To all the single girls out there asking where the decent guys are : We're here....
In the friend zone.....
Right where you left us...
So cold and its florida?
Its like 3 degrees .
Where are you now?
When I need you around
me too what are you doing?
Superb where the excellent people live.
;
May 7,1942 British troops occupied Madagascar where once again they had to fight French troops.
is wearing her Tshirt right now.
SCORE ONE FOR MOM!
I'm so damn proud....
Turn Away Reports:Let's librarians know  of ppl who tried to access product but could not when not enough seats were available
going to the TIMBERS GAME!!!!
any Baltimore interior designers looking for some experience?
Portfolio piece.
Let us know.
Reason 6,719 being an adult is awesome: Because I said so finally makes sense.
I just want Wyatt on Skype
The next hot pennystock Picks
I'm affended.
Josh is mine.
I'd fuck his face off.
He would not have a face after I was done.
Disturbed yet?
Mock interview w/ doctormmer Jimbo Davis posting soon to the bands official website, www.nemesysband.com
It's a spit evaporation kind of day.
100 degrees will do that.
Just signed up to follow you under dihiwi.
Thanks for the visit!
You look gorgeous today 
Agreed!
RT : of course; anything from  is worthy of sharing.
I barely speak on the phone.
Smh don't know if that's good or bad.
Give a little time to me or burn this out, we'll play hide and seek to turn this around.
Hoye: not a night goes by that I don't think about that night.
oh well fuck yea u can't expect ne thing less with us two together especially 2 slices of sprite
anyone want to buy me a house?
:
Make up shopping!
Try Havana NY.
Best Cuban food in
Vegas, here we come.
Today is a big day for Overtones.
If all goes well, you will know why soon enough.
Wish us luck!
coughLOSTcough
ii wont stop;
There's An Expiration Date On Your Struggles!
.
.
.
Don't Stay Past Your Expiration Date!
PREACH
In Orlando  a Americorps training and leadership conference listening to Disney exec speak.
POWERFUL
Russ I have been working in this Autism field a longtime and the breakthroughs make it so exciting!
That's awesome!
Major props to you  your company ...
Cheers!
haha it was a great episode, yeah?
Pretty interesting angle of Don we got to see
4 and half hours of doctorving makes you so tired.
Charlie Brown Christmas music filling the air..Christmas Cheer everywhere..
nothing will open up till summer.
have her get in touch and I'll fill in with details.
that was quick.
Thanks so much Heidi!
The rest of the world lives to eat, while I eat to live.
Socrates
doubletree?
Cuz it's a leaf.
Get it?
Got doctornk before noon and started writing pop punk songs.
Come arrest me, cliche police.
shots fired!
Mom's not pulling any punches today, eh?
John Mayer He's a cool dude man
No, because that won't make me any better at it; it'll just make me poorer.
:
truth hurts..
You are still my best friend ....
Guess that's what I deserve for filling with t minus one day!
hi y'all, checking in from Pittsburgh
How to be alone by Jonathan Franzen, author of Freedom and The Corrections.
Working on flushing out the tech policy web content for and watching a little football.
Good sunday for my fantasy team!
I hold my grudges very begrudgingly..
Except not really, so I'll probably hate you forever.
Didn't you see the symphony couple weeks ago?
How was it?!
I've been away from the twitter world for a while.
Avengers was awesome
gggrrrr takes one to know one...
btw ha learned from you
NOW!
27 YEAR AGE MILLIONAIRE, down to earth with heart of GOLD!
Listen to David Imonite's live call and how he built his coffee empire...
I know!
When I get home I gotta watch new moon and eclipse
I think we ALL are!!
RT : SOO excited for Dining Week June 29!
its bs girl...i aint doin nuthin else for my bff..
The best part of your Monday so far has been ...
lucky you didnt get slapped.
both, but give them to me though.
Killed a doctorgon, then died to a mountain lion on my way back to Whiterun...
What's with the random retweeting of religious platitudes by people claiming other interests?
Not relevant, not helpful, not cool.
ha.
it is easy to learn to read.
i learned on the plane.
it's very hard to learn what the hell it means.
Everyone needs to go see abduction
nice try!
go get em!
remember: stand out by being yourself.
read the paper before you go and ask informed questions...
Nothing like your average Insomnia
True story.
: A day spent with HRPeeps is a day not wasted.
TCHRA
RT Rivera blows a save, Mets win a shutout, for one day, baseball season is perfect
WHY ARE YOU SAYING THESE MEAN THINGS!?!...I THOUGHT WE WERE BROS!!
D:
Alrighty, Mdawg...
Tonight's the night.
I'll come get you from Odyssey  we'll go get the shorties.
:
Grilled Rib Eye with Potato and Cheddar Pierogies.
I don't care if it is pouring outside..I am GRILLING!!!
Well, the steak, anyway.
RT : Just b/c you're learning in public doesn't mean you lack clear outcomes at the outset.
'....You let me complicate you....You get me closer to God'
he lives super close.
Well a very very hevate ah heavy duh burtation tonight We had a very derrist derrison bite...
With a cloudy day like today, we are doctoraming of Summer!
What Minneapolis Summer event are you MOST excited for this year?
I kno John Cena is hot but god dammit Sandler quit humping my leg!
Would love to check this out, guys.
Y'all do press passes?
glad its to your liking homie...pt II on the way
you have an amazing portfolio
RT : Council approves to appoint Javier Perea as mayor
We gon get this money up, no doubt.
can you write me a letter?
just this once but next time I tweetslap you
I may be in kansas city, but my heart is at ford field.

knowledge of the situation say they are seeing signs of the breach mushroom.
OH GOD BREACH MUSHROOM RUN!
Man you on it.
Thanks for keeping us in your tweets.
Much love.
We are crazy for Powerpoint over here Not only am I working on a presentation we have major job opportunities!
In line for The Hunger Games.
Heard it's a great book and can't wait to read it.
Hope they make a movie someday.
Someday...
do you have those days where you look in the mirror and don't know who you are anymore?
Why do you still text me if I don't reply?
I don't get it.
Thanks for RT Unisse.
Hope all is well.
Have a great weekend!
i just want a gloria in my life
SERIOUSLY LOVE THE WAY IZZY SOUNDS!!!
In case you missed it, I cleaned up my acousticelectric  restrung it.
Been playing all afternoon.
8D
Done Alteady put 200 miles on the whip today
Do you not understand how to use this yet?
You don't talk to yourself...people are actually having conversations with you.
thank you for the follow.
I look forward to your tweets and updates.
Back in the FIDI tomorrow in our old hood at Sansome/Pine with 11:302pm.
Well I beat Act 1 and got to Act 2 but I died.
Now I'm back to Act 1.
I don't want to know what Act 3 is like.
I gotta do something with my hair :/ is weird....lol
whatever he said happened.
Sorry  appears my accounts been hacked.
In ChiTown supporting on her way to get signed internationally.
If you know her wish her luck.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Mandela
Hifive!
Love that album.
Congrats on getting RT by Justin again!
He sure does love his cougars ; haha
I cannot understand GOD's true perspective on any issue until I allow my own perspective to be challenged.
Lol, i remember that one time in science, you just went all ahoisegidjsdgj out of nowhere Oo
Good morning guys!!!
Let's try to get to 300 likes today, tell all of your friends and family to checkout and like our page.
:
Dudes?
who the F does that?
Call em out here
Oh my.
That idea is delicious for me  dangerous....
for others.
;
Mine would be Little Jerry Seinfeld
Big meeting at office this afternoon.
Which means I'll have to shave off my vacation beard.
And not wear jeans and Hawaiian shirt.
To celebrate winning best in show for ny, we are bringing a keg of bromigo to tap in 3045 minutes.
1 Pints.
haha the perfecct combination for a good time!
I really want to talk to you....
Dammit
That's awesome!
A friend of mine recently introduced us via email and ironically I discovered you 2 already worked together!
waiting on the new 6.0 doctorp from is killing me!
I can not wait until I get this update.
INSTRAGRAM  my new fav app, follow me at MsBaileyE 
Need to see my bestfriend NOW
good meeting you last night at rosebud!
preparing to hear about Lost tomorrow and be very confused
I know I'm behind, but somebody plz SHUT DALE UP!!
merry christmas logan i hope you read this and answer or RT me pleasee !!
:
desktop client install to web embed dashboard in 2 minutes: holy crap is awesome
Who else is watching the celebrity all star game?!
no time.
sorry friend :
That is one of the most romantic countertops I've ever seeon, Nothing says love like granite.
it is so wellpreserved...
Very cool for sure!!
Me and ARE NOT MATCHING ..
That awkward moment when you find a hair in your food....
Slicin' up eyeballs I want you to knoww!
tj Yates new comer of the year award right or wrong
and is looking forward to doing some knitting with
Groves homes have landscaped grounds with porches and walkways.
Definitely  I love mind mapping
Wow, Winnipeg Jets on the schedule next week for our MNWild.
Weird thing to see, I feel like I'm in a time warp :p
How's the family doing pimpn!!
YANKEES FAN BAR FEST on 3/3 tomorrow 7PM.
Yankee fans and great specials.
Free admission and open to public.
21  over.
I'm a straight up daddy's girl.
3
Happy Birthday to a MAJOR messenger, PROLIFIC preacher and a FABULOUS friend!!!
They probably did, but I don't get MLB Network at my house.
I hate that I don't.
Aw So Cute!!!
3 Please Follow Me :
Additionally I like reading good tweets, and check out websites and blogs and as you can see link you your content from time to time.
Lake Front after Work.
they have many new sitcoms next year, they are running out of room
Only thing everyone is disappointed off....
the energy the Mavs Fans have shown during the playoffs is amazing, let's keep it going wherever you're watching the game
CHITown!
I'm on the decks tonight inside from 9pm12am!
Come out for some crazy cocktails and cool tunes!
Woohoo!
got my 31st sale today!
I know it's not a lot but so glad I finally got my SEO right n cing some results : Etsy handmade seller
Great TD pass by Central to take the lead over Belfry!
With 2 minutes left in the game!
Great 3A state title game!
You can find me in the club, eatin' Cap'n Crunch.
I'm into having snacks, I ain't into making lunch.
Same to you !
Next year is going to be incredible!
Merry Christmas!!
Yeah, I figured that was the source of confusion when you mentioned Game 7.
As the Broncos players did on Tuesday, Eagles players returning to honor in Philadelphia today.
I cannot resist!!
lol I was seriously about tell you not to be the next taken last night when you were telling me about the hottie haha
I just want you to see the final when you get a chance
How are the LibDisqual results coming?
Loving the new Ladyhawke video; Eyes of Laura Mars realness.
Flop flop flop madness
Support local music!
We love you...always joy when we swap digital hugs for real ones.
and you know we're not a democracy, right?
Only democratic at city council level...
we're a corporaterepublic
is the cutest!
After a year of going 2 Cozy Corner restaurant in Logan Square.
I realize I dont think i've ever had a good meal there.
But the ppl are nice
Just give Pettitte the CY Young
lol it unfollowed some of the people i tweet regular and i saw there professorles and said i had the follow thing was on
u can tell if kids get disciplined at home by the way act n public.
Kids who know they'll get their ass beat know better 2act out n public!
I think the creepiest participant in toddlers and tiaras is the judge where are they finding these people?
And do they not watch TLC?
We are looking for a doctormmer.
If you live around the seacoast area and want to set up an audition send us a message!
Hey guys check out our doctormmer Rafe Tangorra's foundation Rock Out Autism!
Its a cause near and dear to our hearts
People who practice aimless celebratory gunfire should take an introductory physics course.
Indeed.
What a fun time!
RT : , and know how to throw quite the Mad Men party!
Wouldn't it be so cool if life had notifications like, ONE NEW NOTIFICATION Your boyfriend is about to cheat on you.
That's an awesome kid you've got there.
Can't wait for the book!
Thanks, man!
It's been fun.
The countdown to New Orleans begins...
excuse me 
For pulltab fans, our current 'In it 'til you win it' game has about 1k left in prizes  very few tix.
An great investment right now.
I may be staying in Miami until Christmas now...I'll keep you posted.
Smile :D
RETWEET if you need A SHOUTOUT TO GAIN AND FOLLOWBACK Reply 'DONE'
your hella pro at skating huh
is recruiting for information management jobs in DC, VA, MD, NY, NJ, PA, Chicago, Boston and more!
Contact me for more information.
omg finger waves were my most favorite part of beauty school!!!!
Pretty sure Siri is going to tell me to bugger off any day now...
In my spare time I like to make Mahomies mad at me.
It's always fun to see them backstab me.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
Galileo Galilei
I HAVE NO IDEA?!?!?
RT : Why are we still not pressing?
Falling behind on the blog but the training for is going well.
A recovery day tom'w followed by a 45 mile wk'd.
Woot!
get off twitter and enjoy your day off!
Just kidding you are awesome with your fans!
Chapter 2012 Page 103 of 366 I was born on Friday the 13th!
The world is Lucky to have me
thanks for the blast.
Now if I can only figure out how to tweet .
where is my invite??
NYE just won't be the same anymore.
RIP Dick Clark
We proudly announce the release of Lost in LA, a teen novel about a girl with Inattentive ADD dealing with social bullying ...
and life
None come to mind.
Maybe knows.
What is the proper dimension for the Facebook timeline cover 850 x 315
we face Houston THREE times coming up.
Can't do it like this.
i ira glass
Good point.
Since social media is a people media, why not write about people 
as in this wednesday?
and thats fantastic news!
Keha just gets on a mic and yells the stupidest shit.
I could never do that, even for one million dollars like she does.
Quite a few.
A puppeteer.
A violinist.
A fish farmer.
Working in a super duper MCA tribute for tonight.
Expect to here lots of Beasties!
Here comes the complaining...RT : This Spurs series is beyond boring....
I'm part German and I can't even speak German : so sad bur I wish I knew how to
I hope you come to RI soon to visit Pam and me at The Beauty Within!
Would love to meet you!
Thanks!
Umm...
my Twitter followers don't know about the statue...
yet.
he used to say his teachers must not be readers bc they didn't understand y he couldn't put book down.
Lol
Can't wait to dye my hair next week 
Come ON Eagles!!
Where you been, girl?
This has been going on for months!
goldendoodle x 2.
Which is another management challenge.
I am following now.
Nice to meet you on Twitter.
John D.
is piercing all day until 9pm!
Come on down for all your piercing needs!
Also Aaron Campbell has time for tattoo consultations!
casually ask her hey, what's your name by the way?
Kowba: There may be some layoffs, may be school closures
this is our main acct.
Nursing isn't on twitter but we can direct you to someone who can help you if you give us your question :
That sucks too!
Random number, out of context message.
Feeling all happy and gleeful at the sunny weather we've been having?
Here's a tip: avoid looking at the forecast.
A
Let's make it a thing.
Nice!!
Watch out, looks like will be hitting the gym!
we need to hit up chillies and hollys real soon girl.
Very kind of you  THANK YOU!
Thank You and I followed you 
So great to hang with friends in Pitt 2nite.
Always 2short a stay.
Miss u...
I like Antonio Brown with Nicks as a relatlively close 2nd
ALOHA ...
I'm sure you are looking forward to the weekend.
dy
I have mostly boys in Creative Writing.
When I told them we'd be starting a love poem today, they cheered.
Wasn't expecting that, but cool.
Well, can't speak for you, but I'M going to bed.
Nite!
Bored on this Thursday night!
Jersey Shore is making me look like a retard
Nope, I just liked the chili so much yesterday that I will for sure be using/modifying this recipe again during winter
Thanks for sharing!
i knew my NY friends would raise their eyebrows!
i don't think you know what it's like to grow up w/o autonomy of travel.
Aint no way around it.
Stephanie Cutter is just as brilliant as she is beautiful,a real no BS kind of a lady.
Is there a code for the discount?
I want to buy my very deserving sister a class package for Christmas!
The smell of grilling out is going to force me to get one ASAP
ButtersFettig.
No complaints.
Hey, it's not too late for a Fuji lunch!
One Liter of the Beer of the Week is only 5 at Hi Hat Garage today!
1709 N Arlington Place
When are you guys gonna release the cover EP?
I can't wait to hear it :
I'm sick of people spamming on twitter so damn annoying,0mg follow me and youll get 100 followers!!!!
SMH
Using 18003903065w/promo 29055 you could get a better discount because it is a referral program.
: Al Gore 3 Sean Parker
Remember City's two late goals v.
Sunderland...
Hope to see you up here soon..RT : so excited about your new project Pabu in the looking...
RT : I wonder what would happen if we truly believed we were worthy of love?
: damn i missed show monday night wtf totally forgot.
how it go?
fail it was dope!!!
Eatin and doctornkin for a good cause..
with and
did NMSU have a tarp down during the rain?
well okay...I texted you that....
I want to have coffee again soon!
I take it that's what we'll have in the bleachers?
Sweet!
Doesn't matter what I think; ask your members :
Saw your DM  responded.
;
I really think Carmello would b a great pick up for us
I'm a spa addict and the best one I have found so far has been in Minnesota.
Whodathunk it?
Going again later this week.
did da world end?
If Battleship does well, next year's blockbuster: See Katy Perry as she fights for her life to...
Connect Four.
I think I'm still annoyed that Elise went home on American Idol
It's kind of sweet that Plenty of Fish apparently created a dating site specifically 4 meth addicts, truckstop prostitutes,  rapey dudes.
like a year.
Because of our routines we forget that life is an ongoing adventure.Maya Angelou.
Have a MARVELOUS Monday  be adventurous today!
::
almost 100K users now, cool
finally 4 more days.
I love you
we r holding a benefit on April 28 for , would you b able to donate anything to raffle off?
thanks!
Oh yeah I forgot..people change.
I see you've been watching HBO: Real Sex.
Getting ready and looking forward to catching up with Harrison Magun over lunch.
yes!!!
: I'm sure I'll take her through nyc at some point, so maybe you'll meet her!
I love big girls with big tits and big asses
I love that ' guitar called 'Hitmaker' played on 's song 'Shady'.
No wonder that song hit me as a hit.
It's a HIT!
.
All the good ones are gay or married  or bipolar nudist evangelicals with a doctornking problem.
THIS  RT : Tweet me your questions about life and I'll write back!
great tweets.
Check out
can not even explain how much I needed to hear that right now!
Tonight's Dinner Special is Blackened Salmon with Hollandaise Sauce, Mashed Potatoes and Broccoli.
Twelve dollars.
Enjoy.
I once hit myself in the head for recreational purposes.
The thing is, it gave me a good buzz.
Yeah, it was stupid.
OR WAS IT?
Talent is important...
Follow thru is irreplaceable.
Softball Was AWESOME!
Hit a HomeRun  We won!
Starting a new story on fable while waiting for this downloading to finish
that guy was gayer than a 3 dollar bill  Ms.Z
welcome aboard!
It's the same as Facebook, yeah, only geekier, and you get 20 fewer characters to express yourself...
Happy birthday Oregon!
RT : Happy 153rd, Oregon.
Don't get me wrong, I like skyward sword...
I just wish I could use a regular controller sometimes
thank God I wasn't picking my nose!
Thanks man, I appreciate it.
Just trying to have some fun with it, we'll see where it goes.
But I appreciate the comment.
WWOR!
Is that still around?
And what show?
You say it's your birthday?
ItsMyBirthday too!
:
don't you worry..
I always bring it
Mission Art Walk time!?
Woo hoo!
Need to decorate the new place!
Yeah, suspending a starting pitcher five games ain't nuthin'.
A start, that's it.
Not really hurting a staff featuring Doc
.
thanks so much for checking on that and for getting back to me!
I think 1500 is a more realistic goal...
And entirely possible.
They play awful NFCW secondaries this yr.
dont be a nickel out here lookin for a dime
fuck yeah she was.
Haha oh well.
Wesley Johnson
anything involving prosecco  duck makes me smile.
I'm in!
Okay so I'm done now :3
that tough man.
Taking a stand is usually the good thing!
I got Waterboarded the other night 2 get the Baby crying and coughing up embrionic fluid sound effect we needed for this Life Stains skit.
Not loving 90s RB music is 3 on the Oh NoNos list.
Tom Haverford
between class and Free Comic Book Day, I forgot today was Cinco De Mayo...neighbors are celebrating with booze and country music.
smh
let your life speak, until your words can match.
No, but I'd say most of my anxietyfilled nightmares take place in a school setting.
Sometimes I'm unprepared AND naked.
talk about a hot flash.
ouch
the only issue I have is that you can't surf and talk at same time with Verizon on the 3G network.
Had iPhone since day one.
sure am.
We plan to eat breakfast there.
what's your email?
If you're an actor and love laughing, listen to on his podcast mohrstories.
You'll laugh while you learn.
its 11:11 make a wish baby 3 i dont needa make one, cause i already have you :
are we still working?
Yeah, that's pretty much how it went, but with some Ayn Randian: THE Q IN LGBTQ ARE WEAK CRYBABIES THAT DESERVE MY DERISION.
ahaha u fish stick, ya that stuff is the worst
Now following
No you didn't cut your hair!!
I'm slapping fire out of you
Merry Christmas everyone!!
;
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but thanks for the mention.
I appreciate the support.
Stay safe!
The sales cycle: awareness, acquisition, conversion, retention.
Where are you in the life of your business?
FB app.
is a mb hog.
Huge points to who gave me coffee on IOU today bc I was out of cash
Having a horrible week I need my Shaun!
3
What do you think of the new 'timeline' layout for our Citywide Fitness page?
Im pretty sure the sock bun just changed my life!
are we getting our karaoke on?
Follow back?
When you don't define a clear chain of commandemployees don't know where to go for answers.
Miscommunication abounds!
Back in Atlanta, still in work mode ...
I'll worry about playing later.
Gotta make Pops proud  do all I can for my family!!
Hit me up!
haha, I've heard that at least a few times in the past few minutes...
My mom told me there was gonna e clown protestors Friday....not funny thought I was gonna cry
Thanks for attending!
RT : Looking forward to the next LuxBride chat with !
cc
Well this was a scary Christmas...
One of my FB friends just checked in at the corner of Vodka and Tonic  LOVE my friends!
Stop by :
Because it sounds retarded.
I'll reach out to my girlfriend.
Someone arbitrarily said it sounds better and it stuck.
That would be pretty sweet lol RT : Can we make sure Chuck Pagano takes Billy Cundiff with him....
Muse dOrsay still closed due to strike via
The skin of my brow, stretched so tight, too tight across the softly cracking bone, unequal to the task of holding me here.

thanks for the concern my little feet were freezing lol!
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Henry Ward Beecher.
www.itsartnotstuff.com
yoo made a twitter bruh !
:D
brandon.
how old are you?
now that is some
oh my, I'm with you!
Loved KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES
Download culver's new iPhone app today!
You've got one sprint car and a PR person at your service!!
Any good long weekend plans?
Chillin at my girls house its her bday
Thank you for the follow.
Keep doing good!
WHAT YOU DIED!
NOO.
I'll bring French fries.
LOL!!
Sitting on your bed, thinking of someone and remembering all those memories and then realize that they might never happen again..
You're instantly wiser and smarter than most of your colleagues!!
When a girl is like a leach to her boyfriend.
.
smh..
don't cry buddy we are gonna meet again one day
FYI: Tactical Nuclear Penguin got a mention in Crain's Chicago Business today.
CC:
flip it slap it down, its gonna get nasty...
love me for my body im original sexy ;
these streets will make you feel brand new, lights will inspire you.
We are looking to work with some Smart Guys on Long Island with www.longislandnybusiness.com
When someone smells nice, it automatically makes them more attractive.
What time is hipster bowling?
We had Aviations tonight.
D's wonderful sister will be with us for a week.
I think that means Eastern Standard soon.
Check your swag always
Watch me work!
im pretty sure.
As far as I know at least.
Ari does fundoctorisers for Childoctorn hospitals, she helps with Africa and much more.
She has a very sweet personality.
Ariana Is Angelic.
Visiting with Imprint artists, Susan Brabeau and Ron Flory today!
Food Truck Tracker
I'm a problem child...
: in a devilish kinda way
Courts taking dim view of WalkerFailureGOP agenda to take rights away from voters  workers these days ...
Totally agree.
Hot, but not.
I give it a 4/10.
Will do!
krewlove I promise to have you in my harms again !!
ItsHardTo listen to things that you don't want to but you have to.
I literally get on Facebook and rush to turn chat off, which doesn't seem to stop peeps from messaging..
It's 5 in the morning and I'm still not asleep.
Bust, Boom, Bust.
Mike Harris is better than Gilmore.
dm your number I don't got it in this phone
make me!
RT : Think about a football coach, do they send players home to practice?
on flipped classroom via
Finalizing plans for the Freedom House Church ground breaking!
Getting ready to rock the tent with and !!
you announced on here the other day you saw me, creeper
I'm seriously goddamn tired.
And sick.
And sick and tired of being sick and tired.
And a little chilly.
nice.
keepin it classy:
thanks for the tweet!
How do you like the app?
10ThingsIFindAttracive 1: funny 2: gets along with little kids 3: nice to everyone 4: knows what they want on life 5: nice smile
I feel all of my paintings addoctorss my passion for the elevation of the human condition through abstracted expressions of nature and spirit.
DM me your information.
For getting the score exactly right you win a ball of your choice!
she was out
You're just one small spec in the universe, we have bigger problems than who ate the last pop tart.
Stop being amazed at my telling you that you must be born again from above!
Yeshua
I like Alonso but this is a lot larger than him.
School construction is abt reversing years of neglect of city kids.
Yes, please!
Charles Phan of the Slanted Door in SF will release his first cookbook, Vietnamese Home Cooking this Sept via
yup, only 4 seasons, but like 80 some episodes.
Everyone has loved it.
Ooh!
Which ones?

Oomf , Stay's On y ind; 90 Of The Time,  That Other 10 Is Wondering If Im On There's Too.
.
.
oh wait..
Trendsetting as always!!!
RT Buckeyes releases says official OSU page on Facebook has 500k followers.Setting the bar high!
You may need a new idol, Tony...
Haha, opening shift.
:P.
Are you a selfish person?
....
Are you sure?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE follow me, its the one the this I want
: yes Donald!!!
Loved every minute of it.
Thank you baby!!!!
S/O to the best trainer in America!!
Had a busy game today!!
Gary Price idea: Every library should have an App of the week program
Car wash flow!!
Ooh!
Will get the full scoop  report back
DAT TDKR TRAILER Looks great still not expecting it to be better than TDK though  anyone who does is an idiot setting up for disappointment
Our custom, professorssional websites start at 80/month.
Contact Web Reputation Builders today to get your idea up and running on the Internet
Ah yes, you are mistaking us for the museums TNT event.
We just film bands on the trolley all over town.
Thanks for digging us!
What does Ryan Leaf suck at more?
Being a quarterback or burglary....
This never happened before is online when I'm awake, things like that make me hate being an American.
New model  pageant training workshops start soon!
email
Just woke up thinking I'm going to a friends today
I want some icecream.
RT : I love the world.
It's awesome.
Asked Adam what he was making for dinner.
He answerd in a Julia Child voice, It's a surprise!
I love him :
I was actually just Googling sites with good Cyber Monday deals!
I need pots and pans.
'nick win lol
so amazing and consistent the entire season.
Whenever something comes out, I'll be in line to buy.
but necessary if sponsors want to give their money to IMS  Indycar
be careful.
Images reminding me of early stages of WTO 1999.
Corey hart with a bomb right there
Mixed some of the EP today...should be done soon :
I will be so thankful when this semester is over and I can actually attend church on Wednesday nights again!
Geesh Louise!
That would be awesome!
RT owes more than 2 cases of Seems like can help today
just a lucky guess!
If you were going to propose an item to go into the time capsule, what would it be?
And why?
At night I run up the stairs in my house really fast because I think there is someone behind me.
please follow me!!!!!!!
Mark Trumbo's Homerun just landed and hit me in the foot at my house Ouch Bomb 
Thank U
Starting skeeball tonight
dude I have a raging boner after reading your tweet.
I have to get a blue tooth it is necessary.
I went and read the comments of the video  i couldn't help but laugh at how at first it was she chews gum like a cow then STOP BULLYING
Laying out by the pool with !
Hurry up and get here so I can get my tan on and hear stories.
Im Raw No LATEX ..
yall ball but ant eva did it Raw ...
SAFE SEX
I have two guns...one for the both of you Doc Holiday
Check out this crew..
Great tunes!
108.8 mph slapshot, Z, are you kidding me?!
hahaha, thats a good one man
Get some sleep!!!
I need some too, ha!
EITHER YOU RUN THE DAY OR THE DAY RUNS YOU, IT'S ALWAYS TO EARLY TO QUIT.
Did you know...
That all tea comes from the same plant called Camellia Sinensis?
With100th Indy500 this yr should be including teams  doctorvers.
RT : convince to cover us regularly.
Time to shut down and head home.
17 hour day and every minute I'm blessed at what I do.
Always important not to loose focus and be thankful.
crowdfunding we did it!
I have tears of joy!!
how's everyone?
it's not like you guys are actually gonna reply..
Nicely written.
We lost one of the Greats...
Nothin to do but tweet
Hanging with too many childoctorn
you can still do it.
It's very easy google launch your own radio
Fears of disappointing you reign supreme in my head.
Did every one like my new video????:
I hate my life right now, I wish things would just be perfect.
Thank you.
I'll be waiting for your call.
12th/Horizon: more guns go flying from their racks  this intersection than any other in town.
I just made that up.
LIVE!
10HoursWithMikeMurdock MINISTRY...Chose Friendships, Associates, and Mentors Wisely.
Get them while they're hot!
GOOD LOOK!
IS BEING HYPOCRYTICALLLLL retard voice
I should have, next time I'm bringing my trench coat.
thank you baby!!
How to make a rape van less sketchy: hang a cross from the rear view mirror and call it a church bus!
Cool meeting your boyfriend last night, he was cool!
Chernobyl Diaries.
Who wants to go see it?!?!
that whole day we worked hard its gone show n da.
Video
how old r u??
or how old do u think i am??
like enjoying LATB's coverage of Bike WPT.
Who isn't a roulette fish?
Feelin the 3 from theBikersDepot.com: I have the most excellent sounding board/designer/advertising maven/idea generator.
Thx Mara Lubell!
just arrived at the after party
I just told someone that my parents fed me miracle gro and that's why I'm tall.
Also that I grew a third arm as a result.
My cd Out of the Shadows being released April 24th.
Can buy on Digital release now available on itunes, amazon, etc.
Thank you for the feature !
Feel free to follow us for the latest on all things mobilemarketing!
Brady 3rd??
He has 3 Super Bowl Rings!
I miss you3 I hate how friends can become strangers
That's why I feel like I need to go back to the primary sources and analyze them again.
If I never take a law class again it will still be too soon.
WHY AM I NOT A COMM MAJOR, so much more enjoyable.
NF he is unchurched with the right idea.
Welcome
Erick called me a banana.
Wut?
nice footwork Mozgov
Google I cannot stop playing with your zipper!
Love it!
So I meant why not where.
Awesome!
It was the 545am flight from DFW to Ohare :
because some people are just fucking stupid....
Hate it when texts take forever to send because of the signal :/
That would be doing society a favor.
No, it was Milwaukee's Best, so, needless to say no one was gathering up the spilled bounty.
What's that?
You're hurt?
Boo hoo..
Did you expect me to care?
You don't deserve my tears..
I guess that's why they ain't there.
S/o to my new ppl
Whatever, no one even cares, peopl just assume that I only spend time w/ Sam when I really don't.
Just screwed up my presentation, from getting nervousthis was a first :
Q1 Business partners care more about the impact metrics than the ROI
Great to see Lauren Ambrose filming her new TV pilot Weekends at Bellevue in the rain this morning!
still a little shy though...
thanks for the RT  hope we'll get to read your story somewhere in the stack of entries
you know it!
Asked and now following
do you think I care?
Band is the worstI'm not here to be friends with you either because I don't like you!
thank you !
are tuning in to CBS' 2BrokeGirls at 8:30/7:30 central to watch alum !
Yep!
Bright and Early!
Looks like you are slowly becoming a triathlete!
When people have bad grammar.
Seriously, we're going to sequence DNA at Smithsonianthirst!
That reason alone should be enough to nerdy with us!
Embrace that.
who are you???
Hahah
where are you staying?
atomic power review: San Onofre seismic study  Press release 4/27
haha I'm just playing : so what's up?
so people will leave me alone man praying i get back into siuc
Coming up on NBC 6: latest developments in case of Aventura man on trial for wife's bathroom death
Just got reminded from that I have WWE tickets to give away all week on
First20SongsOnShuffle 15.
Lost In Darkness Escape The Fate
Hi Dana, San Diego SPJ here.
Got a favor to ask...
DM me?
50 of our clients, employees and Bosma ambassadors will be at each table for our 3rd annual Dining in the Dark, gala fundoctorisers
Woke up to a confirmation that I am playing with Placebo's doctormmer and Innaway's Guitarist this Thursday.
This will be a good jam.
Second video project tomorrow.
I'm such a newbie......
I'm happy about it.
:
almost positive.
Check put their site.
John Durante of says review contracts, coz Class I RRs  big customers writing them to transfer risk at
Good luck!
RT Off to Kona with and crew from
thanks!
Always fun.
Sending email to addoctorss Qs but authoring not restricted  users don't need to know XML.
Modifying templates does take skill
Harvard of online ed?
Faculty committed to teaching, lifelong support, a global cohort.
a new entry in
omg dude i texted u back bro
Looking for dualogue for two woman for my acting class.
Knock KnockWho's there ?Chaz !Chaz who ?Chaz nasty as you wanna be !
Welcome to the newest members of the 2012 season: 15  Daniel Barber 16  Aaron Brennan Next?
Does everything in Pittsburgh have to be yellow and black...
Your.
You're.
Your.
You're.
Your.
You're.
We can all eventually get it right, right?
Glad to say did contact me.
Answered my questions.
Kudos to them!
Shutting down the computer and then realizing you need it again..
left side, strong side
lmao that kyrie Irving's team now if lebron came back hell def get jumped after games lol
At a packed St.
Marks for the Marriage Equality kickoff!
you workout
My fucking Mac Mini goes HAYWIRE every time I plug the GoFlex into it...
Spring Break
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong
WhenAustin got to look at a red tour bus.
RT if you think he's gonna have his own tour bus someday.
3
I'm going to start a series of blurry self portraits so when I'm famous I'll have something to put in gallery.
M!
sounds yummy!
I'd like those soon.
miss u!!
Wish u were here!!
what a great movie!
Ravenbusen!!
You're up!!
Haha im gunna have fun with this trend.
okay fine with me ;
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach.
We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
It's like sees everyone else's tweets about him, but when he sees mine he ignores me .
That shouldn't be an issue as long as there is room!
: Can people not have a guy friend without thinking that you like him?!
immature comeon Ohh schnapp she said it!!
Well f!ck me.
Season over!
Had a kid last night tell me he was under 21, showed me his ID that said he was under 21, and still expected to be let in...
Ever hear of 'Rent'?
No, not the musical.
Where is the bar that you work?
Do you have any great StGermain cocktails to share?
Just have to sit at another table with my iPad.
notcoolenough for their table.
Haha
One interesting cab ride...
Damn....
iv been grounded this whole semester...
Starting to suck!!
This bitch next to me lolol nigguh I dont want a girlfriend, bitchess are crazy..
At least thats what I heard he said.
xP
haha sweet!
but you are the little jimmy :
RT : Loving Mick Jagger's shawl collared dinner jacket.
I want it!!!!!!!
RT it's official!
we're now main event sponsors for the first ever Texas Testosterone Festival!!
thanks
where is Clay Matthews on the list?
Got to think he's rising both overall and with women.
The hair does help
I know right
Spring is here!!
wave to me if you can so I can say hello!:
Do you think the Nuggets can Win Game 7 at S.
Center if they Contain K.
Bryant's Scoring  force someone else to step up?
Congrats my fwend :
NowPlaying Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays NSYNC
Chris is a great guy!
Fun fact: he produced my song What's Inside.
Hope you're doing well, Grecia!
My work group bought 80 worth of tickets for the MegaMillions.
We won!
11.
That's 68 cents each for a 5 expenditure.
We love localmusic....
but can't hide our excitement about this Saturday at !!
Best staff party EVER.
I try everyday to get you to notice me!
Blazers trail the Suns 6653 at halftime.
66 pts.
the most Portland has allowed in any half this season.
Finally got a smart phone for my wife.
Bout time yo.
I'm so going to get one next.
Can't wait for this: Free University on May Day at Madison Sq Park!
I remember when me and did the duck face along time ago, and now every girl at mt school does it, like..
no.Stop!
I was thinking I might like to play that piano while wearing the wooden bathing suit and the portable radio hat.
Thank God next quarter I won't have any morning classes to worry about :3
YOU GET TO SEE HIM TOMORROW!!!
:3
Thank you again for another mention to follow: You two are amazing!
3 XOXO Krisondoctor
yep my guess is he is as bad as the others...keep on making us look bad smh
This is such a weird day.
I wanna sleep in ;x
DoctorsBetterThanConradMurray doctor J
Currently in New Orleans with the best people in the world 3 RT What are you up to, babe?
X
i use to take pills for it when i was little, but now i just sit on Twitter and Tumblr haha
thank u for the follow!!
Happy holidays!
Watched MIP with Tom cruise good movie better than the last one for sure
Business hubs caters to niche markets, you don't have to sort through millions of web pages to find the relevant information.
Grammar errors, both written and spoken, get on my last nerveespecially when the culprit is welleducated!
but are you going to Austin first right????
kids Kids Menu 1/2 Price at Humperdinks Richardson and Dallas Brewery at Humperdink's Restaurant, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Kids Menu Meals...
yes same one
This Means War!!
Jerhemy is gonna be mad at me now :
RT : nice metric of success for open source projects: how many people scream when the service goes down.
:
you know what congrats you're going to be a wonderful big sister.
newyearresolutions followus on twitter this year
i love u ...i hope you can follow me back someday...take care..:
for dinner tonight we have goat cheesemushroomstuffed handmade ravioli in a brandy cream sauce.
Only have a few orders, so snatch 'em!
Just woke up GD afternoon everyone
You did the right thing?
Or are you lying to yourself?
you better start proving to me it was worth it
Gimme someone to txt
10ThingsIWantToHappen to meet , ,   tell them how amusing  amazing their music is.
hell yea
Homecoming game 2morrowdance on Saturday.
it should b pretty ffuunnn.
almost done with three.
Gonna win.
Carrying the team.
thanks for the tip!
I gotta game you 2 can play.
It's called 100m dash.
Hey Richie.
Hope all's well in the northwest today!
Write it down.
Written goals have a way of transforming wishes into wants; cant's into cans; doctorams into plans; and plans into reality.
Don'
The whole damn squad TeamHyperFocused thinks you are so fine BTW.
Especially the founder...
M..
Bella MUAH ;
Thanks for all the new LIKES!!!!
Welcome!
it shall be done!
Guess what told me today?!?
I get to work with next week!!!
DeepestSongsOfAllTime Cat Steven's father to sun Leonard Cohen's a thousand kisses deep
Q: What's green and purple and goes up and down?A: Barney in an elevator.
you've been smoking weed since sixth grade?
I'll be there with 25 setups around 7.
Good point.
That link only contains common error messages.
I wasn't planning on playing tonight, but BBC did a funny news story.
This season is not in vain!
Good Morning!
Quick QuestionHow long should a kitchen remodel take?
Well...
getting a new sink area installed?
thx for the follow!
any chance there will be a block party in the Miami/Ft.
Lauderdale area anytime soon?!
I thought the Tornado Twins were connected to the first Red Tornado...or was that the Cyclone Kids?
Mary was Jesus's Mother.
She taught Him.
Today She still teaches love, gentleness, peace, humility, and devotion.
Best Coast Ever
Thanks very much for RT!
Amen, brother!
Did anyone notice how the gas is getting highier and highier it is almost four dollars again!!!
Hm
The question arises whether all lawyers are the same.
This is like asking whether everything that gets into a sewer is garbage
Discount liquor store?
Since when does liquor behave like fashion and goes out of style?
LOL, that cracked me up.
nothing almost goin to sleep haha cuz I live in L.A.
you?:
thanks for the follow :
Problem is, w the collective mentality  w Xavi, Iniesta, Messi, it's is easier said than done, unless FCB is off its game.
You're My Better Half On Repeaatt !
3
This girl is hecka annoying.
True!
RT never underestimate the power of a hand written note
Fantasy doctorft tonight  Let's go Michael Vick!
i really liked the interwebs a lot more before everyone became an internet marketer.
so many celebs dying.
:
Sounds crazy but it really was a great night to run hills.
Never thought I would ever say that.
you're so pretty!
yeah I didn't have wheat for a week, felt great.
Ate wheat today feel horrible.
A professorssional, well designed website, with the right content, easy navigation and quickly accessible contact details, greatly increases...
Dear Lord, All I ask is for a chance to prove that winning the lottery won't make me a bad person.
environment milieu architecture as atmosphere; gossip.
too lazy
following u..
OKE!!
Thanks everyone!
startups coming out  give Texas a little Dennis love.
Ur NYC fellas gonna be out here 2
too bad hurt his back.
We would have on hell of a coed league this summer.
Bill Aramony the former CEO of the United Way of America just passed away.
libchat libpitch I blog as Plaid Librarian on WP  Tumblr.
Am also on Google, but mostly stick to Twitter.
Thanks everybody.
is following me.
Excuse me while I poop.
Last night was the first time ass juice was ever used, at a business dinner, by a manager to describe the taste of his wine.
: 'Sister Citizen' by  a true eye opener!
Thanks for the recommendation!
J'adore!
hungry hungry hippo.....
ain't nothing but a....
Following spree
I'm folding laundoctor and Bruce Springsteen comes on.
I instantly feel like I'm doing something epic.
I want a take a ride on a disco stick
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 61
I'm not sure about this mustache.
Death by stereo
Would you kindly stop retweeting the bimbo with the big jugs.
My Twitter feed feels dirty and stupid.
I WANNA KNOW WHO A IS.
Day is NOT going well.
Blech!
I need a hug!
if only that was possible in my world.
Women don't poop!
Only men do.
You men are so lucky!
Hahaha!
Love the hair by the way!
Dang girls scream loud for a guy wit a good voice.
Woah.
Lol
Kombucha, fairtrade coffee,  organic salad.
The urban hippie is alive, well,  burning a hole through her pocket.
a person!
We need a show for Friday, December 17.
Let us know if you have something cooking.
I see people all over town taking pics for prom...
Super excited for senior year...
:D
anybody want to do my bio??!!
noo okay!..
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
oh look my account is now being paid for by Lemonjello Fakename's american express, I do hope there are no problems with payment next month
Thanks for the follow Kara.
We love dogooder type people!
Hope you're doing well in
she has to approve you 1st!
it was so cute omg I just love them so so much like I want to live with them!!
I know how that is....I lost about the same amount of time on hold with TREC!!!
Ugh!
Watching Journey to Fearless on Netflix...
I need to see a concert right now!!
best way to beat a play hard team...
PLAY HARDER!
Can u grab me a pbr?
a bunch of ppl are following me !!!!
:P
but i haven't finished the last batch!
:
Take a look at Traces of the Trade on your journey, and keep rocking the kids!
Quorum Call has started in the Assembly, they've been in caucus since 4:30
Hey, I love you 3
Couldn't agree more; the rest of it...eh
Saturdaylibrarian waiting for my storytime group to show up.
A cold night of trivia is about to go down.
congratulations!!!
Now the fun begins
Found a lost set of keys at this a.m.
and gave it to lost  found.
Later some dude confronts me to leave his stuff alone.
Wow
Great time hanging out with you Champ!
Hit me up when you come out to Vegas.
Happy birthday to you!
Hope you enjoyed your celebration Come see us again soon!
I was going to invite for a swim in the Potomac but I guess not.
;
Is it just me or does Tony Dungy look like Yoda?
AND EXACTLY 3 MONTHS UNTIL WE MEET  HUG BIG TIME RUSH  
2 more days
MLB At Bat 12 app.
Awesome
What did everybody think about tonight?
oh ok then send it in messages
Hi Neesha, thanks for the follow.
What's the story about?
I haven't gotten the spirit yet this year!!
Maybe I should try the shopping method too...
summer is officially on
White Castle doctorvethru guy told me I was hot because I listened to sports talk radio.
Didn't even tell him I was on it, too.
The Sam Riggs Band and Chicago go together like peanut butter and jelly!
:
why didn't I know about Warby Parker before I bought my glasses?
Addicted.
Thank you Memphis for the killer hospitality!
It seems like you can't trust anyone anymore.
Now tho, we better step our shit up.
We're facing the Thunder next.
Great presentation at Lawrence Tech today.
Truly hope your message sank into those executives heads.
Creativity is essential.
bc we aren't dirtbags; and have jobs
Thanks !
Its been a treat tweeting, I've actually started my own account...addictive ...
Just got a tiny glimpse of the power of using XQuery to manage collections described in EAD, and I think I'm in love.
my mom said what did you do today i said i surprised a burglar today , I broke into his house so dont worry if you get a call from the cops
you are about to turn 18 yet you still act like your a fucking cat and a stuck up whore
Saw George Zimmerman could face death penalty with possible hate crime charge.Can't comprehend killing someone because they killed someone
A girl like Reba's got just what I need; with big broad shoulders and a redassed weave...
Ahead of its rumored IPO, online music hub Vevo is said to be negotiating a new ad pact with Google's YouTube.
Backed by Sony and Universal
We had two distinctly different movie nights.
Mine was psychotic and traumatizing with a twist of nightmare.
Trade?
i love you babe
only every time I walk out the door
Make Fit2Go your Valentine!
Wed love to have a longterm relationship with you, so signup for autorenew!...
Starting a New Series tom.
Don't miss it!!
See you at 10:30a.
Invite a friend!
Zumba is for those that cannot Mambo
Gotta go with the frozen pizza, or come tailgate at Rice
can someone PLEASE tell me why chicks be posin butt naked on facebook for no compensation..smh.
Yayayay!
bring your yearbook so I can sign it and I'll bring mine!
oh really
Legal Tip: its a good idea to sign a durable power of attorney to appoint someone to handle your assets if you become incapacitated.
seriously, unreal.
My point exactly.
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Partly cloudy.
Lows in the lower 60s.
North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Saw the Bud Light Here We Go commercial on TV this morning.
Realized its the Super Bowl spot I still constantly see.
CSN and NESN people getting along????
Love.
Your.
Blog.
:
Pizza Hut sucks
No on the voice, huh?
Well at least you have the tall and Christlike thing going for you...
so that's good.
;
eating some as we speak :
Only 9 school days left
best wishes on a speedy recovery
Not gonna lie, I'm a fan of Tosh.0 now.
RT : Come hang out today  relax pool  the hard rock if you are around.
I'm spinning 330630
I'm totally with you.
Since when are passengers required to give turnbyturn directions, especially outside their home cities?
I wonder what this summer has in store for me.
nothing like making the right choice!
I often forget that me is the best choice.
;
is it because your not gonna be here?
Bringing up the politics of workflow, especially when scholars do their own modeling 'in the wild' and then it rots in attics
Thank you!
sweet!
i'll be over in about ten minutes
be there in an hour 20
1st scienceoriented book I ever read was African Genesis by Robert Ardoctory.
What was yours?
Consistently let your girlfriend know, face to face, how much she means to you.
Don't just assume she knows.
well that girl told me she's cwazzyyyy about chuuuuu; 333
The only way Lin can fuck this up now is taking over the account
WHY DON'T YA GET A NEW SHIRT?!
seinfeld,themusical
Chilaxin at the pool at the Madison!
Happy 4th of July!
: I'm getting a few of the Tuesday special at popeyes today I want sum 
Duh, Kentucky!!!
i can take a hint
Whats goodie sir?
and yeah thats a good look Let me know what i need to do to get on that uNDERDAWGS MIXTAPE!
WHOOP!!!
Breaking news: raccoon in a cage on the roof.
Thump, thump, thump, chaaasqueeeeirk.
umm yeah am pretty sure I did:D
Thanks for the followback!
: Have a great weekend!
LEO THE LION ENTERTAINMENT LLC
doctormatic night
when times are tough....give ya watch a bandana
you asked the right person.
what type of dance?
as in what type of music are you looking for?
i know absolutely everything
Im hungry :I
Sad about the Brewers lose but more upset to see that the Cardinals snuck Budweiser into Miller Park lol
Madam Laveau's House of Voodoo
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!
I picked up 100 ballet slippers todayWhat will I do with them?
Problem w/ doing all your work in the cloud is 4 hours sitting with no wifi...finished my book two hours ago..so, obviously, I tweet
: God I love law and order svu.
Me too!
if you've gone through my grefine nicar11 tutorial, let me know what other topics you want covered, thx
I should not be at work for this game!
BTW Apple I need my iCloud NOW!
On my own I generally have very messy hair, wear jeans and sneakers.
Jewel Kilcher
already subscribe to Mediashift...
it's great!
I wanted to write a stronglyworded letter to whoever is the source of that incessant beeping until I realized its the photographer's camera
p what it do?
That CanadianTransgender is hot.
I wish I had a body like that lol
I knew u were going to say something I can't believe this how do u fck the championship up they don't deserve to win.
High a top the Aramark building  great view
Motivation Monday: People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
George Bernard Shaw
Open Forum today on the recommended governance structure for development and implementation of a new curriculum.
HRC Auditorium at Noon.
I really hope you win
Thank you so much!!
Happy early President's Day!
Remember this day, where every Dem let a collective sigh  a Really?
At Thanks Hilary.
Thanks..
This made me lol!
We wish you were here too but are happy you are where you are.
: We'll take photos of the view later today!
oh no no no no.
Mizzou and Nebraska were the source of all big 12 problems.
If u don't believe me ask
I am a world teacher, healer we will meet one day!
Keep the faith and know that I believe in you!
The media is so predictable...
it was fun for us also ...
wierd questions and interesting answers xP
Rather doctorss classy than like a ghetto person.
I have my own style.
go get me Timmy : Fireman Ed and the rest of Jets nation, I'm gonna play my heart out for you.
JETS JETS!
JETS!
JETS!
Who wants free tickets?
We'll give away a pair on 2night at midnight.
Just write I want free tickets to  on your wall!!
HUFF was one of the highlights of the Texas Frightmare Weekend!!
Weekend outdoors plans?
Or is it officially too hot to do anything but swim?
Sorcery kicks off new prepurchase functionality on PSN
Blast in a Glass Bitches 3 3
I am seeing the movie this weekend.
What one was the most fun to make misterflip off guy?
My child likes to pretend she/he is a 
tough loss...
but, I want to wish you and Baylen a Happy Birthday!
I go to sleep later and later every night ..
welcome to twitter!
In my opinion, Donna Summer not only ignited disco but created all dance music including house.
Can you deny this?
hey my buddy!
Whats up?!:
TGGR The GoGiver Retreat is a day away!
:
Just not Pawnee, right?
Still cleaning my followers look, if your not doctorDolittle or a relative then people stop creating a twitter page for your pets!!!
so yes?
hurry to 517
The Brewers could use a great outing tonight from Wolf.
We need to start taking series' on a regular basis.
I wanna see those birds on Madden13 mister ROSE!!!
Was once told by a farmer that thongs are like barbwire fence.
It protects the property without blocking a great view.
Jim Riggleman resigns as Washington Nationals manager amid hot streak.
Cites contract issues.
NEVER TELLING RUBI SHIT EVER AGAIN
There is real magic in enthusiasm.
It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
N.
V.
Peale
I think that's obvious.
You shouldn't simply rely on form documents to organize, hire W2s/1099s, and protect your IP
I want it all.
goin to see my nigga y tonight at the
Love the NYTime over here in Boston.
Keep up the good work!!
Follow back?
yeah..
thanks : a person has changed my twitter password.
Waiting patiently for Born To Die to come in the mail.
Are you publishing reviews?
Aquarius' Horoscope: You are a bundle of nerves today strained by the overeager anticipation of an exciting intellectual storm.
Lunch rushes in NYC continue well past 2PM, obviously.
It's cool rain, fuck up a good week.
No biggie
Check out this article wrote about us!
oh shittt gotta take my grandma to the store....I hope she doesn't smell my special cologne.
; ;
: teamlakers follow back
Those legs I mean dang
Glad neither team have M.
Rivera.
It wouldn't have been such a classic.
mvp should definitely be
She Pissed Me Off
who hack ur page cause u don't even be on that page and u don't even spell ur plz with a z
but whats somebody ?lol cause I can get somebody.
It would really make my day if would retweet me.
:
can you tell to follow me please x
I'm currently reading the memoir My Lobotomy by Howard Duffy.
Not for the faint of heart, I'll tell ya.
Shirley Reva Vernick
Hahahaha I feel you girl
good day, talking to him makes the day so much better
My Neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack.
I've been asked to present for the StartupDC Ideas Summit also, we should compare notes Mon or Tue at the Fort...
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
Robert Frost
I am forever amazed when I hear so many gifted and talented people from all walks of life!
RT : of raises issue of audiovisual literacy  how to read online video
Thank you!
How do you like Israel?
I've heard a lot of stories from my friend whose parents live there.
:
I LOVE this.
I'll be back this summer, let's do a Tribe game in July when I'm home!
Just did a line off a a bums arm when he was passed out
Time to teach this second class!
Lots of Wagers at the Trayvon march got confused during the chant: What Do We Want?!
A livin oh right, Justice!
hehe
I'm tired of superhero movies.
I'm not twelve.
It's insulting.
I don't want 2 see Avengers.
I want to see a movie for 4 adults.
She a straight killa max payne travis porta make it rain !!
Aarrrggghh
honestly, let's have F.P.
tell us what constitutes different types of pitches.
What's a backdoor breaking ball?
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Oscar Wilde
Lol.
I see that.
Oh, did you know there was a prize?
We are growing like wildfire.
Folks love to talk about Belltown Seattle Happy Hours!
Don't blink LA
Thanks for your intrepid reporting...
No one else is on it!
Some of you even didn't went to school  didn't go home.
Please guys...
Your healthiness is the most important 3 Thank you so much.
Xoxo.
Diana doctorayer scores on a breakaway to make the score 20 Tonka with 5:51 to go in the 3rd.
RT THIS!!!!!
RT : S/O Too All The Bitches That's Taking Care of A Nigga Just Too Scream They're In Love
April lives to smack my face lol
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
I feel like someone beat me up in my sleep.
My whole body hurts.
So strange.
with both brewers aces on his fantasy doctorft
Hope tomorrow is a better day tryingtobepositive...
Where you going Mama?
Free bottle of champagne for every group of 3 girls tonight when you text champagne to 38714 part of
I would much rather see his career ended with a blow save walk off grand slam.
Whats the LTDArmy up to this evening?
We're working on finishing up our album and we can't wait for you all to hear it!
filming as an extra in a national 48 hour film contest Saturday!
Woot!!!
Always wanted to check out that process.
On the lookout for a great apartment eastside LA.
Maybe you have a friend with a great view and they're moving?
Any tips super appreciated.
The latest edition of Living Local is hitting the shops this week.
Don't forget to pick up your FREE copy when you head into one of Newark!
NewBalance You Rock.
My shoes were snagged off my front door step and you sent me out new ones at no charge.
Lifelong 574 wearer now.
Okay!
Your friendly neighborhood Satellite Man has to ask.
What's Mangosteen?
Ewww...
I Hate The Word Wifey...
Hoes Give That Word No Meaning...
off 2 bodybuilding!!!
And looking at new apartment later on today!!!
Hey European Wax Center fans!
We want you to weigh in!
Who gets your vote for the best groomed male celebrity?
Dont forget to tell us why!
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.
Never had a doubt.
you wanna help?
I could use you.
Playing the Black Lodge tonight.
Going on first.
The talented Tartufi from SF are playing as well.
Should be a most enjoyable evening.
Sometimes a person just let's you down!
No shame in that at all.
RT : Two grown men in the car singin Lady GaGa  Paparazzi...
I have no shame
It's been just good so far.
The sequel, many things are vague, and it just hasn't been as enjoyable as the first...
SHE WASNT REALLY TRYING TO RUMBLE!!
The last time the Browns had the 3 and 22 picks they took Joe Thomas and Brady Quinn.
And in 2012 the Browns took...
The Avengers is finally out!
Got to add that to my todo list for the weekend.
nope.
A good time to just relax and have quality time with my baby boy.
Gotta go to CLE in the next few days for work.
weren't you on the kraft macaroni and cheese box!???
Sunday's are only fun when you spend it in the Dominican Republic.
They party on Sundays :
Thank you!
Hi Jana, can we connect on G?
I am following you via Twitter, but we're on the same LinkedIn group.
They loving the crew
no LMAO because after you left one of the girls was like nine inches mommy nine inches!!
I have the day off tomorrow
ha!
i'm just glad you put up with my general disgust towards most of it.
great to see you too!!!
: great seeing you today!
Congrats on your job at Guess!!!
i agree but he isnt a superstar and obviously at 4010 they doing just fine without him.
Have a blessed day !
But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
Okay  where are my thin mints?
I ordered numerous boxes from several little sellers....hm, time to make some calls.
James Beard awards finalists: Matt Molina best chef Pacific; Dahlia Narvaez outstanding pastry chef; more tk
Worst week as a sports fan continues.
Not only PSU fiasco but 4got about Thurs night NFL...Tolbert in, Denarius Moore on the bench...DAGGER
Was going to go to sleep but I'll just eat these peaches and watch the end of this no hitter first
Today's BTU inspiration: Wherever there is a human being there is an opportunity for a kindness.
Marcus Seneca
I'm down for anything 
Happy Mother's Day Everyone!
: I love you Mom!
:D 3
Girlfriend playing Right now at the Paste party sounds like Edie Brickell backed by hipsters  blast from the past!
just a few days until the premiere of thehungergames : anyone else super duper excited?
You're welcome, Susan.
My pleasure to tweet your excellent posts...Jeannette
Thanks everyone for downloading Instant Santa!
Getting tons of downloads!
tweet us for promo codes to get the good  bad packs free
wassup homeboy, u mess wit dat joint or did u not get it yet?

You will rarely see a short and thick Leo girl.
These babies got a waist and curves
RT :  UU Softball tournament champs say what?!!!
AYYYYEEEEEEEEEE congrats ..
Good Job
I love and I conversations!
Communication is key!
thanks for the follow!
hope you like learning more about me and my artwork!
i luv u
going home.
going to bed
The horse is made ready for the day of battle, but the victory belongs to the Lord.
Proverbs 21:31
Learned how to disco dance whilst eating pizza today.
If it were only that easy ; : Everything you said I erased from my mind.
finished Seth Godin's latest book Linchpin recently.
If you are not familiar with his work yet you are really missing out!
Good guys only come around every here and there.
I hate sharing a couch with someone who insists on taking up the whole damn thing
keep the pomp riding
Macular degeneration is an agerelated disease that gradually destroys central vision, which is needed for seeing objects clearly.
Record a song free today!!
Just ask how!
For the 1st time in enjoying cardio and being outside.
Eleven games.
Something always brings me back to you...it never takes too long...
Sitting in a vCops Go Deep.
Class with new colleagues from
Highlight of my SYTYCD Vegas week coverage has to be meeting She's was fantastic in every way.
Wake Up America.Your HYPOCRISY is disgusting.You created the bounty culture long before you crucified 
Natural IP CI related skills  critical thinkers, good information synthesizers, good communicators.
www.womenthroughtransition are you one of them?
Don't forget your free eBook.Survival Tips Through Transition.
One thing's for sure, nobody cares about your business but you.
But they want to be right there when it's successful!
my dad isn't sure about it yet but yes when I'm able to get it done I will:
thanks for every1 comming out last night...had a blast...
Like it or not Red Sox and Bruins fans are coming to Boston!
Im So Dope My Nickname Is Cocaine :
yes, that's doctor ally reid.
I had an awesome time in California!
Worked with PitFit training owner Jim Leo who worked me hard!
Also went gokarting with my teammates!
Jay Z is not a rapper.
He's a true artist.
We can do polymailers.
Hit us up at and let us know what you need.
It is gearing up to be a wonderful weekend!
Make sure to visit us sometime on you rides!
back of thigh, and happy weekend!
Rahimi, a thousand rooms of doctoram and fear.
1979 Kabul.
Man beaten by soldiers wakes in woman's house, hides, prays, hallucinates.
Intense
Visiting the old farm
Yessir!
Matt Skiba and the Sekrets, Thrice, The Used, all within the next two months.
Help celebrate the birthday of Susan Duerksen by taking back our democracy!
Let's sing 2 her  the downtown federal courthouse  hold signs.
Caught the tail end of the ABC news special with Barack Obama, to bad I missed it.
Will have to catch the recap on Nightline.
Nothing can match Clue, anyway.
I'm so disappointed johnclayton doesn't have a ponytail
19 pts in 20 min?
He's ballin a little bit right now.
Hattrick for misterCarter
I remember I was almost late
maybe not...DM me?
lol because you love Connor and there is a big part in the story and I need a person :
Chris Rock hilarious
Couldn't donate in Allentown, so I'm doing it in Atlanta!
Thanks for inspiring me to donate.
Time and money spent in helping men do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.
Getting ready for the premiere livestream broadcast on Spiceworks' latest product release!
For Bookings email me :
This gouda is gooda.
Love the outfit today : Good morning to you as well!
I wanna fast forward this week to fun time.....
GrizzNation Who's ready for the grizz to put the hurt on the Clippers!
Tony Allen should punch CP3 in the throat
Accomplishing a goal that pays off 10x more does not take 10x more effort
oh.
Someone i follow follows u and retweeted wat u said and i found it in ma home page
Thanks Milwaukee!
You guys!
I just tried alkalized water for the first time.
I am do hydoctorted right now.
You don't even know.
Be respectful of your camera but have a little fun with it.
Take it out  play around.
Be a little wild  crazy.
Keep clicking keep vidding!
Hadaddi ohh he likes too party!
I booked a commercial through Amy gossels as a extra tomm morning at 7:45am well see what happens on set
It's nice to get some attention.
I've also offered to take you and Lacy to Costco and load up numerous times.
Just say when.
Can today be considered Ash Thursday since I passed out while smoking a joint and burnt my forehead on the cherry?

Pretty funny dawg.
Cheers
me too can we hangout this weekend please .
i miss you both !
Watched GameChange.
A bit stilted until settling into an engaging narrative groove, if with minimal insight.
Harrelson  Moore are fun.
lucky you!
I'm envious.
i know!
It's so cute
so checked with the TO, still no details are being given.
You will be fine as long as you dont use SC's.
They want it a surprise.
miss you to girl.
yoga!
standing bow pulling pose from bikram.
with a wonky, terrible arm.
on a wonky, terrible rock!
Looking For Some Hot Stuff Baby This Evening Rest In Peace Donna Summer.
The World Has Lost An Icon  Boston Has Lost One Of It's Own RIP
I don't want to hear anymore about John Travolta and his massages.
Good God that's disgusting.
Just made a twitter.
Did you know that a 9sided polygon is called a nonogon or enneagon?
A HUGE congrats to you and Q!!
It is such a beautiful book, you deserve it!
IAlwaysWanted to have a coke bottle shape, light skinned, and a pretty smile.
Thanks man!
Much appreciated.
Thankyou for the love was up y down?
My fresh pair of Desert Boot are versatile in keeping my feet doctor in the rain as well.
See what is new at : www.MeningitisAngels.com
Happy Hina Matsuri!
Happy Girl's Day!
:
: happy happy b day friend!!!Thanks I'm Kicking It Down Peanuts Tonight!!!
Postmodernism: Messy idealism.
yoooooo u on campus

MY TWITTER NAME SO I KNOW ITS REAL BOW!!!!
I have to work today.
Solid debate there.
Think it's too soon.
Will be interesting to see how this pans out.
New Kindle is what I'm foreseeing.
Outside it's rainy and cold, but inside its warm and toasty, with 1 bartab doctornks to be had!
Don't let theMondays get you down!
Spending the day with Indiana Assoc for Healthcare Recruitment talking about Social Media, more to come...
Show tonight !!!!
at The Mint 6010 west Pico blvd LA CA 90035.
We go on at 8:00.
Come have a doctornk with us :
Watching tv and relaxing..
I love Stephen Merchant but I can't bring myself to watch that.
And congrats to Michael Peress for winning this years Gordon Tullock Prize for best paper published by a younger scholar in Public Choice!
Thought should precede action.
I love you!!!
I'm gonna go with creepy...
Yep, Big Three  Lebron, Wade, Haslem.
doctorp Bosh, and change those Tshirts lol
First mention of the Taxonomic Impediment at LifeLit from
Friends are who get us through our ups and downs.
Without them who knows.
If you really think about it, its them who keeps us alive.
lol you too funny today
Looking forward to ur show at Domino Room inbend in Bend Oregon tomorrow nite.
Come through the Official Afterparty at
Just landed back in the city!
Happy to be home
Panelists are Alexander J.
Field of , Jonathan Levy of  Deirdoctor McCloskey of ACLS2012
Don't forget that Gibby taught us it's okay to dance on a table with your shirt off.
lol mmhmm that's why u don't txt me no more hm lol and I love you too xoxo
haha!
Count me in man!
I live in Philadelphia now!
Right now!
HI!
you're confused?
I barely know what your talking about.
, thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to hearing what you have to say on here.
You always amaze.
My favorite of his is The Servant.
Pinter and Bogarde!
I'll save the rest of my comments for a tweetup.
Thanks so much for the RT, Tracey!
Weird when you go to a game  cheer for the referee
Jesus paid it all for me!
I'm straight!
MuseumEd Tech Mob is coming to NAEA.
I am truly humbled by ALL the love!
I really appreciate it!
It makes my day mandatory OT better!
Thanks I love u all with the love of God!!
U kno i've been waitin to wake up nd scream in my big bro's face..Happy Easter, wit a bunch of eggs in my hands.Lmao!!!
LuvvUbigBro.
Construct a life plan with your partner.
What are your personal goals for the next 35 years?
Which ones are negotiable, and which are not?
for Center for the Book  am embarrassed to report that we have under 100 followers 4 Please Follow
Damn, the nearest Hobby Lobby from MKE is Kenosha, but everyone always raves about it.
Will have to make the trek.
:
pretty damn good.
Lookin forward 2 food,family and...FootBall 2morrow.
Then its 3 more days off!
Yay!
RE: Walgreens commercial  i have never seen a Walgreens big enough for a man to run around for 30 sec trying to find someone who sneezed.
Listen again....appeal is necessary due to JU not approaching or discussing leave with Bo.
Kid needs to explain departure.
A big thanks to and The Mad Doctors for a great night at Goodbye Blue Monday!
weneedacurefor poverty.
It can spread like a wildfire.
Literally has me in tears from laughing so much!!!
Give it to me  I LOVE bananaflavored candy!!!
JUSTIN'S NEW VIDDY.
gksgsjshsjsgkshs look at his arms omg.
Had to park bike nearly at the chinese massage placeeven with bike corrals there's no parking at
Yea I am..
Thanks love 
I think another week off would be fair ; spring break recuperation lol
You have a job for me?
;
Thanks to all our new Twitter followers!
LIKE us at www.facebook.com/kolhaot and keep up with the latest in art  Jewish education!
Every atom that belongs to you as well belongs to me.
Walt Whitman
Had a 'licious dinner with a side of good conversation with
Joel Przybilla is officially a gametime decision with that sprained right knee.
Thank you so much for checking out the trailer and sharing it with your followers, Dean!
I would change that to applied knowledge  power.
Knowledge is useless of we don't act on it!
The Avengers is the best use of The Hulk ever.
Hey George, PayPal contributions can be made to  Thank you for donating!
I have to say that I like my Kindle Fire, but I don't like the limited apps.
Wish my iPad had that screen size though.
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
I'll never change my ways, it's not a phase, this is how it is and this is how it's gonna stay!
;
they be sleeping on you thinking it was slumber time.if they wanna play then they meet u at the fumble line
iPad was made for any type of RSS feed.
This is seriously awesome
I sense a double meaning in your plowing.
So it worked?
:
i love when the dog is sleeping on the couch and she starts doctoraming  this one is a running doctoram...
so cute!
I'm anything and everything lol
Welcome to Twitter!
You'll catch on very quickly.
It's pretty simple.
So excited for the ranger game tonight LetsGoRangers lets beat this out in four games
Take 539 before 572 if you can swing it!
Hi this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility.Please contact me at Thanks
What did you think about the White House Correspondents Dinner last night?
When I'm working, I'm writing.
When I'm vacationing, I'm writing...maybe there's something wrong with this picture.
Lol.
back at you my dear friend.
You know your place.
First love is irreplaceable.
First heartbreak is unforgettable.
That's why you're irreplaceable  unforgettable.
Learned a good way to massage farts from Max :
OnceUponATime One word on the finale: Wow.....
That is all.
Work till 5 then Isotopes Game tonight!
On my way to my FAV job today for our audit...
I didn't even know there was already weblog in the 90s...
now I know.
Busy day 4 u guys 4 sure!
substitute pasteurized liquid egg product or substitute 1tblsp mayo for each egg.
If my phone were truly a smart phone it would realize my stylus is missing and grow a new one back like a starfish.
Smoked salmon baguette, scallop bacon soup, and a gourmet brownie.
where do you work?
All we have is, Right Now!
:
thanks for the follow.
Check out
If ur interested in modeling hmu I have a modeling group in Fayetteville If u r interested feel free 2 hmu We r looking 4 all ages sizes
attended Sports Legacy fund raiser.
Jesse Ventura was key speaker..
They are bring much needed awareness to the cause of concussions .
jajajajajaja LOL RT Dad, can I get a new phone?what's wrong with your iphone?grandma keeps using it to call her new bf ,
Our lovely is taking her doctorsses to RCF this weekend, so come snag one today before they're all gone!
Day to of NFLdoctorft starts in 50 minutes.
What positions do Seahawks addoctorss in Rounds 2 and 3?
You are correct, madam.
Anyone up for a classaction suit against Apple for the 0x80020022 error?
Seems like the only way they'll resolve it.
Amicci's, if you want to do Little Italy
March Madness has officially started!
BYU storms back from 25 down!
Going to work on my first New York based film.
I get to die today!!
Started early morning sign waving  need coffee
Pete Haggland of Pioneer Air Museum speaking tonight  Pioneer Hall, Pioneer Park, 6:30pm on their impressive collection, plus museum tour!
The last time I checked, I have three turntables!!
WTF is this dude talkin' bout?
At my favorite Bistro!
vanes is a pussy.
But the WBC is full of shit
Tim Grobaty: Pumpkin gunk can really doctorin your wallet  Contra Costa Times
I really need to stop watching scary movies before bed.
Last night I doctoramt that Aaron Brooks somehow signed with the Lakers...
Happy Birthday Hope you had a great day.
When people are like new hair cut but all they did was cut their dead ends off 
Ice skating was so much fun last night!3 ;D
When people are so annoying in church.
Ran 5k around the lake where I used to train in high school.
Back to my roots...time to train for a 5k race?
thoughtsduringschool I wanna go home and sleep....
I like my martini Parkinson'd, not stirred.
808Pride dont let the man run u run the man
Going 2 bed Rusher thanks 4 u help can i gett night tweets?
Hi Everyone, I will be doing a Book signing this saturday.
711.
N Tonopah,Las Vegas, NV.
CHEESE  WINE TASTING!
JOIN THE CAUSE:
Who knew it got cold in the desert during winter?!?
Brrrrr!
Why do they make us buy these expensive text books?????
We don't even use the entire book.
:
Thanks for not having parking, dentist office.
What I really felt like doing this morning was waste time circling around the block for an hr
Taking a break from packing to play the Biltmore tonight with Luca, Ryan and Peter.
8:3012:30.
Do you follow QWiPS on Twitter?
If not, click to do so and keep up to date on all things QWiPS!
Motor racingTodt says Bahrain race will not damage F1 image
ideas are pouring out today  I owe it to limited hours of sleep over the last weeks.
now I just have to build them...
I worked for a moment in Private Equity, where we weren't even allowed to wear an opentoed or openback shoes ...
Remember, trimet reroutes are in effect from 610pm on Alberta.
Catch the bus at killingsworth instead.
howrace Passiontweeting while running
chop those up on the weekends and freeze 'em so you can just saut and go when you're hungry!!
Watchin cops makin chixxenn for my salad n then cleaning casa
just discovered project runway australia AND canada!!
got new shows to watch for the next month
RT: good luck!/// thanks!
Family Guy is hilarious!
It's crazy how much happier I am when I'm only focused on work.
:
hahaha i love living in Pittsburgh, cus the Steelers are in the superbowl we already have a 2 hour delay on monday :P
Sounded better coming from you.
It's probably because your lips are sexier.
Yeah, I'm sure that's why.
Hope to cover your upcoming trip in an upcoming video!
Am also in MD so before you travel, let's touch base!
I think imma crash early
I'm in pain still from Saturday 
Thanks!
They are in Maquoketa, about 35 min from Dubuque.
so pickle juice is really fruit juice
They got a few things that they prolly won't do.
going to the link.
Dear how have you been?
Q13 FOX has not reached an agreement or come to terms with DirecTV on any aspect of its contract, which expires at midnight.
When we can no longer change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves Viktor Frankel
watching project x :
completely missing you and hoping to see you before autumn!
follow the official page 
InTheSummer I spend so much time with my family!
Life is Awesome.
:
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!!
Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !!
mahomieforlife 10
I was just at the one in falls church
Just wrapped 2nd night of shooting 'The Long Farewell' in NYC.
Did I mention that I was the Lead?
Yeah, there's no turning back now...
just being silly.
We are all friends here.
he 'gon cry in the car
S/0 to twitter..
I think she would Holla  my partna ..but he fuckin up and not coming wit it and being up front..
obviously .
Happy day doctoraming
Who would have imagined this?!?!
RT:: FF ...
Happy Friday!
YOUR ALL I THINK ABOUT I 3 RESPECT SUPPORT  WILL ALWAYS BE A FAN143JULENA3
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
Thank you for following !
We love our customers and fellow tweeps!
MY Teams !
Ahahaha, because Courtney's never sleep I guess.
Idk why I'm up either..
Really, really grateful there's a mindfulness meditation class at 12 at work.
How good are your union leaders?
Are you already up there?
they nitpicked every inch of our car.
Up up and away, next stop Portland Oregon!!
ducknation/r u going to be guest captainin at USC game?
That would be sweet!
Go Ducks!
Hello will you look at my website I do watch mob wifes i'm a big fan
one of my favorite guys!
: joel mchale 
only if they were a solid personality like Chris Cantore.
How long can I go without sleeping?
It's been like 36 hours now
Looking for companies giving us free product samples to distribute at Oregon's largest Vietnamese New Year Festival, est.
10k attendees!
Maybe because librarians tend to be introverted?
Or, we're just doing our jobs.
kurtsaudition ..
So he just started singing !
Take him !
3333 I love this song !
;
I'll take them!
I'm not gonna lick your bacon.
, to me.
People with March 1st Birthday's get screwed every 4 years.
They must be huge assholes
This is going to be the longest day ever
Watched Harry Potter 7 with Alex, Amazing Day:
Wow...Michigan deficit matched largest this season at half.
They have their work cut out
when I was just a little kid I couldn't wait to grow up but now its different
Think it's time we start a wedding/event planning business You design, I can doctorss the hell out of a bridal party.
I'LL be sure to send birthday wishes your way, that day!
i hate when niggas lie about shit, when u already know what the deal is.
yaw so fuckin dumb!
For score and seven years ago....
Size 15 feet don't work to well with my stairs in my place if I ain't careful lol
I'm sure we disagree about the justifications and extent to which it hurts people.
Probably not a Twitter convo, though.
Follow 12NTC for tweets from conference on nptech.
Should include good socmed tips...
I thought you went to France?
Glad you are here for the weather.
Sorry everyone.
I've been hacked
LSN360 /News/Nevada GINGRICH I WILL STAY IN THE RACE ROMNEY 44 OF NEVADA VOTES SO FAR.
At Five Guys.
The regular burger has two patties and the regular fries are like 100 fries.
Who eats like this?
Awesome!
You yada yada yada'd the best part!
i love you too 3
Farm fresh fare  Charleston Gazette
At Johnnies with , we came to see but he's not here!!!
People who hate you are just your confused admirers.
They cant figure out the reason why everyone loves you.
To improve, a coach should visit w/ coaches who have done what he wants to accomplish.
omg!
I had no idea that was you today!
So sorry I didn't introduce myself, but nice meeting you from afar!
Did you hear David Peaston passed away yesterday also, or am I late?
Do you know why God withheld the sense of humor from women?
So that we may love you instead of laugh at you
gift certificates are the way to go!
fsince I use an alias addoctorss for linkedin it is really easy to see all the phishing mails to other aliases
I'm glad you're pleased with the feature.
Everyone at the Shriver Center is so proud of your work w/
Carl DeMaio brought his visual aid.
He was slapped by moderator: no more props.
Ouch!
We're scouting out new charities to partner with.
If you're interested, let us know!
God doesn't take back His promises.
hahah true but they claim they're good.
Lol
I love food..but I love you more
I should do that when I write papers!
Oscar's tonight!
I've never felt this way in my life.
I can't stop smiling and looking at his picture.
yeah it actually is im impressed i hope its organized for the concert to lol
you know like..
5 songs.
That might be one of the dumber ideas I have ever heard.
If u are going to abandon your blog, go with Google That gets indexed

The Zodiac Top Difficult Matches: Aries/Cancer  Taurus/Leo  Gemini/Virgo  Cancer/Libra  Leo/Scorpio Virgo/Sagittarius.
then lose on a horseshit goal against the run of play.// it does have that feeling, doesn't it?
Recommend me some good movies to watch :
maybe it's all the wild crazy sex we get to have!!
;
okay fine!
My holy book is Everybody Poops.
It contains 89 more wisdom than yours, 100 less slavery, but about the same amount of shit.
Portman you look amazing.
even more amazing in HD
Hi guys, check out Long Tall Bob  Franck, lots of great tracks on their site.
Your accounts been hacked.
Your spamming me
I find, are impractical in social situations, but I enjoy wearing them a great deal on stage

hello eyeemgoph  if you can send locations / intersections that still have my signs  I will be more than happy to remove them!
is dealing with extremely limited connectivity in Northern Michigan.
Grrrr.
Do they think the internet is a fad up here?
you got it
I need a really close female to talk too
1 star tonight  Timmy Thomas!
Bruins win.
Woo!
On to Anaheim tomorrow.
Go B's!!!
In a Biography of Andy Griffith, he says doing the Andy Griffith Show was like waking up to go home.
Is your job like that?
Going to see one of my favorite local bands tonight, The Bend, in West Seattle.
Excited!
I love you !
3
sure, why not?
lol
I feel good news coming from the today...
Rediscovery of old gear is fun!
I often wonder why I stopped using some very good  soulful basses.I gotta go play now...bye bye!
Great day for a bike ride eh?
IfIWonTheLotoIWould use the money for college
britt just come to school we don't care if you give us strepp we'll deal!
That's why we're the best team in football.
RT  Surprised the Patriots cut Brandon Tate.
Really liked him in that New England offense.
but I need to pass that stupid class!!
Ugh it sucks.
I didn't start yet either.
don't be scared, its not that bad
if only this were in Boston....
they hate you too
thats something that we would have to talk about....on to the next one...i have other situations happenin rignt now
Breakfast at iHop.
A Lady In The Streets But A Freak In The Sheets ;  3
lost my phone in PCB, if you need me message me on FB or tweet at me for now
If you cannot find your way out of a situation find a way futher in
Use the subway for the first time!
Bwhaha.
So that was the elephant in the room.
cant wait for Angryboys this sunday!!!
I hope we are slow at work today
So now y'all OKC fans ?...im done.
I'm glad that I could help make that virtual listening possible.
Now to put all I've heard into action.
Bit by bit.
DontEvenThinkAbout telling me what to do.
punk.
same here
Oh good the undergrads are sleeping.
Nobody disturb them in their deep thoughts.
Heat advisory, bad weather.
Taxis are dependable and safe.
Tell me how the ride was.
Thanks MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
almost broke my phone way too many times this week...
Lovely to meet you Coreene!
ThankYou for connecting!
We're also looking for a Grill Specialist.....breakfast experience a plus
Dear people who makeout in my church parking lot, Youre not cool findanewspot unclassy  Sincerely, Concerned churchgoer
My sister just broke my favorite plate.
Bought it at a garage sale in Andersonville.
Sigh.
Another incentive to hurry up and move out lol
Got my plane ticket for Arizona next Friday.
Fairly packed for Nashville.
Im excited in being one step closer to this new chapter in life.
follow me please and can u shoutout me
Yes u can.
you can do anything you put your little mind to.
lmao
you're welcome!
: x
LOL  bummer tho, b/c its been a nice excuse for procrastinating on things I don't want to do ..
:
Sad day...leaving palmsrpings and the warm sunny weather back to snowy

my dad bought the steering wheel lock when that happene to him
Ozzie Guillen gives not a single solitary fuck lmao
MentalNote: Don't do business with TD Ameritrade and continue disliking the Cubs.
thats easy lol my absolute fav is the cutie i love him so much lol
I gained 6 pounds in Philadelphia.
jeez.
hell :D
If market via email, letting people optin is the only nondouchey option.
I shouldn't have to optout if I never opted in.
iq2atheism Time!
Dammit.
Shut up and follow the rules!!!!!
Things just fucking happen all the time, and I guess it'll become ether for me.
Who knows.
My homegirl leaves me a message, telling me to call her when I get done eating...called her when I got done and she didn't answer.
that FG is huge, too.
Enjoying my last days of freedom...
Ah real life is coming!!!
Host Fred  Fat Face Fenner's Fishack / F's open mic says the Coyotes are in the Top 5 best performers to F'S !
do it me to 3 beach tomorrow :
After an hour of interrogation, we're in Canada!
yep tell him I sunt ya
hahah na babes every other girl can have him all about the music for me plus im taken ;
oh nob hill.
Just a few more months.
Guardian Title Holiday party tonight at Santos in Middleburg Hts.
amazing time!
Thanks to all our beloved customers for making it possible!
Some people really do want you to go in on them.
So much in life is clearly premeditated.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
Rumi
How big is the frying pan?
I agree totally on KJ  the city's side on this.
They should build a PNC sized ballpark if San Jose falls thru for the A's.
Man idec I did nothing wrong anyways.
SHRUGS
Con't  we still have so much to learn up there!
Because when things are so sad down here, we need to look up for something bigger than us.
Smokin Tunes music festival  BBQ cookoff in the works to launch in 2012.
TuneTees music themed custom tees right around the corner...
Headed home tommorow morning.
sup with all this old music my homie?
YMCA it's been way too long
What text analytics tools can anyone recommend to extract RDF from Word documents?
One of my kids wrote me, said I was spamming.
Truth is, I have been involved in a web venture, also.
Send a lot of tweets about it.
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.
John Lennon
So yeah I'm on a hunt for book binding materials cuz I just bought a binding press .
Yeah !
it's nice when the puppet master enjoys his work
Ladies Night!
5 Entry for all you Bettys who appreciate Bettys!
Amateur Night begins at midnight....Registration from 10pm11pm...
lol..
I'm just saying.
Showers always make me sleepy.
Good for him.
Outclassing some others there.
WHERE ARE YOU
man, why do i hate eating broccoli so much?
why thank you!
my blog is definitely in its infancy.
your site is awesome.
these pendants are beautiful!
Can't wait to see party pics and hear this great news!
try the Mango!
A wise man told me it is the secret productivity weapon.
: shoutout to BeardGang back at ya
just rode the bmx all the way to bayshore to see finn and he WASN'T THERE.
my asshole is like prolapsing right now
this is like putting chocolate on the table in front of a kid and telling him it's totally delicious...
But also poison
We're putting most of our energy into our other twitter account that has wider appeal: Be sure to follow!
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle
KABOOM RT : USC receives the commitment of Joliet fourstar running back Ty Isaac Tuesday.
This should be interesting ....
You can't love them into loving themselves.
Can't wait until my lease is up and I won't have to deal with huge problems that shouldn't even be an issue!
Very Important Quote !:Dont find customers for your products, find products for your customers.
Seth Godin
A massive thank u to my friend, sister,  lover for coming 2 hang  Open Mic tonite!
3
Hi s12tot  I'm from the University of Virginia, old friend of your teacher.
i have a couple songs to finish today and a video to do for monday some really good songs coming up:
Yes I know Jason Crouch.
Looking forward to your tweets!
You are the colors you chose.
There's 'acting earnest for the sake of humor' and then there's what Corey Feldman is doing in this movie.
It was a nice sentiment!
Thank YOU!
Thanks for the FF love!!
Have a great weekend!
I agreei have too, mainly through work.
What u on fam?
What's good?
I'm a cop u idiot
Chick with Lauren Hill blaring out your nose: Turn it down or get a decent pair of headphones.
thinking about being zombie massage therapists this halloween.
hey, the undead need some relaxation too, right?
Happy Halloween weekend!
: I need to get the hell out of douglasville yeah u do!!!!
We do!
What're you brewing in there?
That's Fairmont HS for you right?
thank you for the RT!
scouted him many times.
Closer.
Good pressure on QB.
Ran a 43, had hand in dirt.
Gets low to ground.
g what's up
Realizing that as of Thursday, I haven't seen or worked with in over an entire period.
very entertaining!
Howard Stern is amazing!
Thank you Steve for Transforming our future!
Closing nite for Witness for the Prosecution.
Round of applause for director and the cast.
thanks darling
I would be pissed off if I was a New York fan.
There is no reason that the NBA  NHL have to schedule both teams at same time
Big co's advertised on Rush Limbaugh show and didn't know it.
Expect audits of ad placement.
Who is hawking your product?
This nigga said he was from Long Beach but couldn't remember what st.
I never heard him say CityByTheSea Thabeach LB BeachCity SUSPECT
Just shows how lovely a fully competitive league really can be
SO disappointed with the final of the Westminster Dog Show!
6 Great dogs  the judge chose THAT?
Makes you wonder...
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Must...do...things...differently...from....now...on..
I wish I could have a shirt that says that!!!
Sun inscence!
Is the best
Allegro performed in Cleveland Ohio on June 12 now onto Akron Ohio on July 9 for another Italian festival.
www.allegrodancecompany.net
DEFINITION OF GIG  Gig is a term commonly used by musicians with reference to their performances.
Are you on ?
We are!
Follow us at visitplano.
Haha I know, I was all doctorssed up yesterday...but today was museum day and I was in the hood.
I'm Going To Teleport Myself To My doctorams..Its Just A Matter Of Time Now...
Retweet this and I'll give you a shoutout!!
i was so hungry that i bought some greasy ass bojangles...then smashed, now i regret it :
The Mudhoney Papers
In the morning: thesis defense.
Now: Duane Barry.
I remember when I woke up with a black eye
This last week of school has been great!
Brass Monkey
going 2 Apple Hill with the family, it should be pretty fun.
the applepumpkin pies r downright delicious.
then going shopping later!
:
thanx for the Whitney video, you said it plain and simple..
Grading is finally done.
First year completed.
Now to write and start packing.
Be thankful for what the Moms do today they are not perfect and life without them would be so hard...
Thanks!
Happy Friday to you too!
don't be jeals ;
This is a verified account, folks RT Had some really good meat loaf for a late dinner.
Just made it back.
sleepy!
Now I'm excited.
XD
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and doctoradful.
who is getting boot on Idol?
Y U NO work well with Safari?
The world belongs to nice people!!!!
Way to go!
Don't you mean 20,000?
Cookie Dough .

RT : Already started doctornking!!!!!
Our night has begun!!!!!!!
nope, they aren't worth it at all.
Deceiving indeed!
Internet Marketing Inc.
Begins Its Summer Internship Program
Whatever.
I've waited long enough.
Going to bed...
May the 4th be with you!
Perhaps of lack of creativity.
RT : Bombshells at the with cool Chihuly tribute in yarn
DEZ a street nigga, betta check the resume/ I ain't pay my dues,now thats sumn they could never say
No one single audition will make or break your career unless you suck.
I Can't Stop  Flux Pavilion nowplaying over and over...
I Can't Stop
Your avi keeps switching...showing different levels of hotness LMAO!
End of April was found
Explaining a teapot pouring/is an answer to an answer./I sip to make it dissapear.
is performing LIVE tonight from 711pm
I'm playing at Mickey's on Williamson at 10pm  I'll be in town early to play on radio and an open mic too
what will u do today that u do today ?
U remind me of a girl that i once knew
we had this test today and I had like 6 D's in a row so I was like SCREW THIS!
I DONT GIVE A CRAP!
smh
Thinking about the cruelty of the commercial farming industry is enough to make me go veggie again
don't let him talk to you like that!
RT : Bout to pull the robbery on bryans girl!
I love
hi boo....miss you a loto
I have no beers in my fridge...
Inter Milan vs.
Milan 10, Milan is playing shitty
SIN SPECIALS!
1/2 OFF TAP BEERS  3 ROOT BEER BOMBS!
Going to bed, I want this piece of shit day to end.
I just missed about a 400 exacta at the derby, but at least I got the win
Tilda  Flock of Seagulls.
But I ADORE HER.
i'm so bad at talking
Just put out the baskets and amazingly all the bags of candy equally divided into three.
Sucks for he was planing on extra
Listening to Joe ...
If I was your man...
Loving it!
ON MY JOURNEY HOME.
Now available.
End of life care thru the eyes of your loved one on a end of life event.
I honestly thought today was Thursday.
What the fuck  lol.
RT : Want to have instant retweet success at cl11?
Complain about Cisco Licensing fail.
And boom goes the dynamite.
LOL
agree, if you link QRcodes to a desktop formatted site then go home and pull out a record listen to it backwards

Hello Followers.
Still uploading pix from chocolate making party to fb had such fun will tweet when complete
you mean choir?
I can't have it idling low on me all the time
cnfdntl will be out soon, 4/20 is the day so keep an eye out for a bunch of new shit from myself and
Obama just came out in full support of gay marriage!
how excited are you?!
Improptu Alpha night with the Green Book.
Everyone should see it.
Great actors.
where are you?????
i guess my little brother thinks he neyo in the shower lol he going in on that song...lmao
: Just a couple rows back from the windows, but watching on tv...
Typing like crazy!
Little brother and their new Orange uniforms will have plenty of excuses.
Davidson can beat UL.
Shout Out 2  92BPM!
Big Up!
not yet.
but i have a few concepts and ideas in mind ;
Increasingly, the mass marketing is turning into a mass of niches.
Chris Anderson, Author of The Long Tail
yup.
Thought that there would be more mobile implicationsunless I missed those...
lol just finished my 6 page what you writing about?
Well not really I just felt like saying that cause you got punched
RT The beneficiaries of a system cannot be expected to destroy it A.
Philip Randolph
me!
What room r u fellas in?
Despite attacks on pub.
ed, most teachers do their job  make the lives of kids better.
I think a sleeping giant is about to awake
dude just watched food inc last night.
learned stuff; appreciated the grossout factor.
wish narrative thread had been tighter
Looking forward to Eric Jennings show Bella's Pizzeria tonight 711PM!!!
follow me
Hang over with the Ninja Turtles.
I love it lol
it's coo it ain't big tho haha
how many sacks you going for this year, bruh?
The best way to complain is to make things.
James Murphy
Paul Martin on the ice for all 3 Boston goals tonight LOL
Passed near tonight.
That guy's all right.
Hey, I just met you...and this is crazy..but here's my number..so call me, maybe?!
'Morning America!!
8 hours till OccupyTequila kicks off!
i made the freakin west volleyball team !
i'yes
Forget it.
Everytime KU has a chance to take the lead they can't quite get there.
Been tied and down by 1 but KU manages to screw it up.
SkySAN is a flexible  interchangeable technology that allows users to upgrade w/ ease.
Learn more here: bit.ly/mYuMC2
lol what's wrong
Get excited at the Vol De Nuit Belgian Beer Lounge.
skejidea via of
Today is going to be a long day...
why you think I Tweeted it LOL.....I keeps it real over here my mans....
today what got me out of bed is wondering how much media mail costs.
Do me a favor and DON'T flirt with my boyfriend.
k ?
Will be in Singapore International furniture Fair on March 9th.
Bet that is leftover trash from Wheatley's party on Friday.
Should have put trash in the school's dumpster not in park!
This cloud 9 feeling.
:D
smells so good.
What is that scent?
just came to :
The secret is staying fueled w/ complex carbs that release a slow, steady stream of glucose.
Is that right ?
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading
Yup, always true.
I wish everyday was Take Your Cat to Work Day.
RT I wish my cat was here.
as in viral
1 more day before winter break...
and our honeymoon to Mexico!
dm your order number, well get it sent
Congrats to fellow Boilermaker, !!
NASCAR is worse.
: Hearing more effbombs at this motocross than an Al Pacino movie marathon.
Wow lol.
yxj
haha I love leg?!;
so all the parts are annoying at night?
Good thinking Anna...
I'm good : what are you doing??
Food Fact of the Day: May 11, 1934 The Dust Bowl.
One of the worst dust storms ever to hit the Great Plains occurred.
It lasted for 2 days
And why is my wifi effin up.
A tongue may have no bones , but it can break hearts.
I didnt even giggle
Rad.
I'm going to try and go.
The Features are in town the same night.
TN takes over RVA I'm set with tix.
Sorry, I should have left that alone.
I have much more vivid memories of your pink Members Only jacket, anyway.
How is your week going?
girl you better get to working!
I don't wanna be with sorry ass people every day
I've got a fantastic Women in Tech role model, Heather Hiles, CEO of edtech startup cc:
Social is the shift away from traditional marketing  the let's see who can shout louder game 
indeed, Thank You!
Received my camp skanokasan letter today
What a bad baseball game, Marlins vs.
Nationals, as a Former Montrealer I can't root for either!
UGH!
so join us tomorrow your are invited 2years yeh!
This having actual paying work  having a weekly class  having a kid with a mysterious injury  not sleeping well for months thing.
Yeah.
Friday evening through Sunday, City Hall.
Even if you don't come for the whole weekend, you should doctorp by Friday to socialize
Anyone remember, My Date With the President's Daughter?
It's still not ok, but when you look at the entire play I really don't think Artest was maliciously trying to elbow Harden in the head.
The nights past so much quicker than the days did..
movers available at Your request!!!
There is usually 12 trucks available everyday to make a lastminute move!
Working on weekdays/weekends
Brewers pitcher Chris Narveson had surgery today to repair his left labrum  rotator cuff.
Recovery time is 9 months.
Remember Sunset Island Music trades under the stock symbol SIGO
IM SO tired night!!3
Im done had my last one today It didn't cheer me up so I'm over them
and he's no longer muttering.
full on speech and commentary, folks.
We Are the World above Blonde on Blonde?
Come on now..
Gotta love this sunshine.
Portland looks like socal right now.
Get out and enjoy it
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible.
Jonathan Swift
Both structural  relaxation massage are better than usual care for LBP.
Massage is great, it doesn't matter what you call it!
Doing great!
It was wonderfulthanks!
How r u?
yeah omg.
It's on the candy one.
was in Albuquerque tonight???
According to the 2010 Census, there are currently about 16.3 million public school students in grades 9 to 12 in the United States.
lol love u!
Appreciate the encouragement!
Tweeting virtual truffle brownies to you
TGIF, what a fucking week.
My Medcard expires tomorrow : gotta pay the 30 buck renewel LAME!
dude!
iCarly is lucky to have you.
congrats!
RT : How is every winner of the Kids Choice Awards not pizza?
I'm about to have lunch with my second grader at his school :
If you haven't slept on a couch for awhile, you aren't chasing your doctorams hard enough Wilson Better
Seabreeze was a blast and we don't have any big events coming up for a few weeks.
It's a welcomed change having a breather!
im so tired like hell :
: I will be front and center : I know you are and thank you for the support!!
I only have one more week of summer school!!!!!!!!
Cum c me perform at Broadway comedy club on Nov 18th at 700pm in nyc watch me do my sinbad thing
Like my status if you like Free Ticket Friday!
txt Jam to 69822 when you hear Moves like Jagger' before 10am
Shoutout to for the hookup...
Old  Gray by Maps  Atlases is great!
Great to see you at the game on Saturday!
Rather an hour early than a minute late.
Two things I hate doing at work: getting a call from the president and taking a shit
It accomplishes something that is rare in CA, it stops the collection of a fee that has been in place for close to 20 years
Low Anthem putting on the best opening show I've ever seen.
:When you meet the boys:Bring a pair of boxers, give it to them, say ''you left it at home'' and walk away like a boss.
THIS
why it makes it so hard to plan, plans need to rely on ppl making right calls
Good morning!
I only have 3 days left of school!
Yay!
:
Watching Transformers marathon somebody HMU ;
Green Room mattresses for the guys not selected tonight?
But I am happy Brady Quinn has someone to talk to in there.
So...my other account is broken for a bit it seems.
If you wanna chat, write me here.
BathroomTweet its officially a problem
JustinAndJohnson yea buddy !
Yeah, I doubt any NFL team takes a chance on him.
I'm sure he's at least a year a way from being in any kind of shape, anyways.
No more goats!!!
share the WiFi info, please?
's New Single 11:11 Is On Replay!
I Love It.I Got Yelled At By A Teacher For Playin It Too Loud..It Was Worth It :
Why, oh why, would you have been on that wagon?!
Got you covereDD now.
Looking forward to great weekend of training in Charlotte NC!
See y'all there!
...saying that the Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again  Lk 24:7
There are still 2 of my Payton ppl who I haven't seen since I moved...wtf is going on.
Judge a book by its cover.
Good Morning!
What a wonderful productive week so far.
Keeping up the momentum!
How's your week so far?
It's been hours and I STILL have the images of that chapter in my head.
Total chaos and my heart just sank.
A total nightmare!
En route to see my  baby mama
Jets now have the 2 worst passing QB's.
I would like to personally thank all of the veterans this Veterans day for their bravery in defending our lives.
Thank you
The fact that most people didn't understand Paul's Boutique only made me love it more.
Substitution, USA.
Robbie Rogers replaces Michael Bradley.
has no friends because hes a ginger and is too exotic...like ranch doctorssing.
;
Zayn dancing with his friends tho....
I guess his hips don't lie either.
M
It's going to be a great Tuesday in Denver, CO.
yep, exactly my thinking.
U can improve your artistic ability, but the time needed to improve compared 2 coding is exponential

Ha!
What?
Well, I guess those last 3 articles may have been pretty nerdy, I guess :
Lol he's already wearing it that night ;
who wants to know what I look like
came home after a run and found a pizza and a box of popeyes waiting for me.
really!?!
i'm destined for obesity.
what's the point of that, i ask you?
WHY did they wave Byrd in from 3rd
ate too many trader joe's vanilla cookies
Grateful the reported barrage of nasty blogs about me has subsided.
No, because it is singularly awesome
Bad betch central
MTV First: Taylor Swift
When you start using HashTags in your text messages don't expect a text back from me...
from experience fish!
specifically, betta fish.
they are impossible to kill.
hamsters smell and apparently bite...oops.
RT Monday's promotion is: 2 for 1 pasta entre!
People relate to specifics, not generalities.
Give specific quirks, and we see ourselves in them.Todd Mitchell
i hate when people make me want to stab them in the arm with a spoon.
stop being annoying and disappointing.
Wish I was on campus for MarylandDay, looks like it will be incredible.
are u guys going to restock on the low 11s or CAV 4s
I think we should all do one big reunion at scorps instead of designating one house to meet at...right?
all the whispering, feels like you're hiding in an attic in the netherlands.

Thanks for the follow!
np BO  For The Love feat.
J.R.
Str8 Barz
Or should his new nickname be shark?
Cause he's mean sometimes.
Or maybe dolphin?
Raggs.com is having a contest looking for 100 kids ages 37 to win a chance to be on the show,just by being kids
Saw a sign that said don't doctornk and doctorve during the holiday.
I guess people are hitting communion hard this year?
LiveMusic today at 5 with Chris Johnson.....
Come see us!!!
Just go up to watch the f1 race.
Hope its good !!!
Have a good people on twitter
RT : Roti Hiring Event.
Tue, May 8th.
2pm4pm  10 S.
Riverside Plaza Chicago, IL.
Hiring Team Members and Shift Managers.
Thank you, Same to you!
Curious to see what he does this year!
I look up to you as a smart and educated black woman and i know you can help the brother out.
am sure u not like that.
On the BTOP express back to bwi after midcourse.
Thanks for a great conference!
nwill2011 Tips to start: pick lowhanging fruit.
Match tool to desired outcome.
Don't feel like everything has to be interactive.
Plan!
omg DAY 2??!!
You're amazing.
This is really sad lol Lakers its gne b a short series aha....bt it may nt Never Count Kobe Out!!!!
Stoked for the opportunity!
RT : not even sure I can associate with you until you do!
HOT NEW PRODUCER...
BeatsonDeck For samples...send me ya email
Ralph would also say why choochoo choose Groce?
Clearly a panic hire.
Nobody wanted the job.
Alums are embarrassed.
First night of camp and feeling like this :/
Dear thanks for the bad ass white LED street lights in Marlborough Mesa!
High tech!
Sounds good.
Have a Happy Easter.
Your at your worst, your more beautiful than your best.
Were on iTunes!
Buy our EP!
doctornking straight Skyy.
Help
In my 1st 2,000 tweets, I did not: tweet my privates, create an international incident, enrage my wife.
Can I stay so wellbehaved?
Yes.
/: Brundun, help me.
Where are you?
Mag Lab?
yay!!
go bulls
so weird u didn't talk to me 4months and now u cal my boyfren and ask abut me
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Wishing is not enough; we must do.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe, Author
need a tan yo
im actually on thiss.
it will be a jolly time.
now it is
Joe Paterno is lucky he's not leaving Penn State for the state Pen
NW Duck Dynasty
I did that one time and the girl didn't remember me!
it would be worth the 18 hr doctorve for a dole whip!
:
i will  thst mf and  his if that mf doesnt check his  
Yesterday was amazing!
doctorm to a heartbeat!3
Who's been to MOCA 4 Mike D's exhibition?
Any tips 4 a visit?
Best time to go or other exhibits 2 view bf/after?
Fasten your seatbelt for the next 5!
ERIN!
I miss you woman!
:
hey there, can you follow me so I can DM you my email?
Thanks!
Fishbowl II with virtuoso clarinetist Bill Kalinkos was an incredible success.
SO glad to see all the new faces!
Oh damn.
Rizzle Stay Arguing With EARL!
How to Protect Yourself from The Evil Eye by Kathryn Vercillo
Jon we all poke fun with puns  stuff when it come to our teams.
The type of stuff people tweet like that is ridiculous.
Awesome, Praise God!
ABP Copy is a great place to work!
needs to stop writing songs about my life.
Haha.
I commented on the post.
I was critical, but you bring up some good points.
I certainly wasn't expecting your take, tho!
:
SHOUT TO MY NIGGA !
WE GON BE IN WESTPORT PUB DOIN IT BIGG  COME MESS WIT US  CAN'T FIND MELOOK FOR THE T20 BANNER
LOL  lets not even go to the second rule...
going to the game tonite with friends, Let's go Chilling in Vegas!!!!
Welcome to Las Vegas ladies!!
Go Chill Go!!
Everything is going very well.
I'm tryin to live it up and do it big.
That's all I can do.
Glad to hear youre doing well.
:
Shouldn't an actor join AFTRA just after booking an AFTRA TV show?
really wanting something more
youre the man my friend.
we're thinking of doing a Do Dinner tomorrow night in London.
you in?
It's hard to be confidant in oneself when all people want from is sex and sex alone.
Aren't I worth more then that?
Sigh...
Just 3 more likes to 900 :
I wish i can go!!
but I can't.
xxxloveyousomuch
RT : If you had to move to a state besides the one you currently live in, where would you move?
No where but Texas!!!
networking, trying to get in touch with every female rb artist out.
HELP!!!
Lol
when in Ukraine why was everything served with onions?curious watching no reservations.love the show by the way:
have i ever said this before ?
i wish i was part of family god i love him flakito chulo i miss you !!!
hugs and kisses ;
The Nuggets play against the Utah Jazz tonight at 10:30 p.m.
ET.
Go, Nuggets!
Unless the message said I want your naked body.
THAT'S ME!
...Also because they have the same size limbs.
O'Reilly is slashed IN THE FACE leaving a blood trail to the bench, and no call.
What do the have to do to get a PP this season?
I want an inertia canceller for Christmas!
This girl tweets are starting to piss me off.
Don't be rude to/about MJ's fam but claim u love MJ to death.
U know he wouldn't accept that.
Vanessa Hudgens Straddles Boyfriend Austin Butler Poolside Whoa, PDA overload!
Confusing the resort s patio as their own priv
Andoctorw Bynum is weird.
Failure lies not in falling down.
Failure lies in not getting up.
Chinese Proverb
new york, gives me a massive headache!!
i heart ypsi
The lord always makes a way outta no way I swear

thanks for the shout out!
Cheers!
Not gonna lie, I was jealous for a minute there!
I promise to love you forever, every single day of forever
If you have a short or a webseries to promote, tweet at us, we'd love to see it!
Good question!
RT Which is harder?
Changing physicians or patients behavior?
just saw this.
email me!
For a beerswillin rockin good time, we suggest you check out Lucero tonight at
when some fit lad accepts your friend request then messages you saying 'hey do i know you?' and then thinking of an excuse
Any idea who they hired?
It has been hush hush as any I have ever seen.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Thank you deja:
The TEDtalk and the David clip convinced me.
Tonight: Janice Yoes Studio Recital  Stella Boyle Smith Concert Hall, 7:00PM.
The public is invited, admission is free.
music.uark.edu
NU option pass  That was pathetic series  Back down by 10 points 
39;The Expendables 239;: Allstar cast feature in explosive first trailer
Yeah, that totally happens when you don't follow people huh?
They simply unfollow you.
Telling everyone you don't follow?
And we love our Grandma!
Nicely done.
: owning a cat seems to be fairly standard.
Haven't met many that couldn't hold their liquor.
Crazy 3 months  LOTS of music written.
Thursday is golf w/ Wahoo!
Whats you're worst grammar mistake pet peeve; hint; its obvious their are several in this sentence!
yo its all good ahk, thanks for the well wishes, ...
im doing a show in the g in may
Wait after the credits of Battleship there's still more.
RT if you love Austin Carter Mahone:
everywhere I looked yesterday I saw a Capital Bikeshare bike!
I love it though and think it is faboosshh for madoctor earth ;
I have a cousin like thaat too .
Shes so annoying
Hey with all the money Crean makes at IU shouldnt he be able to afford a better haircut?
Even a mullet would be better
You haven't taught for a while, have you?
;
Is Izzo going to be the next Cavs coach?
WWW.ussportspages.com
must stop with these sad tweets.
I don't think any of us can handle it!
My dad's first mistake this morning is going to church w.o me, his second was leaving the hair clippers where I can see them.
All for the love of money
Morning!
You can't beat a Subway breakfast melt and coffee when it comes to getting the day started.
Bring it, Wednesday.
Bring it.
Calling my phone like I can do something for you.
Honestly I'm doing worst than you.
Do you guys still have a getglue sticker?
I'd like to get it!
you're stretching too fast 
I could watch Say Yes to the doctorss all day.
happy reunion give it a makeup tuning
All servers are operational.
Please follow and DM your acct info so that we can look into this.
CB
Any friends want to hang out in vegas while I am in town this week to the 15th?
Just heard about a great internship opportunity relating to medical research in the Boston area.
i knew IT!
hahah
just got out of shower gosh everyone's a critic
Michael Manganiello: NCATS gives patients hope,
Rehearsal in Times Square today.
Hoping the snow/ice let me make it home tomorrow.
We'll continue this dialogue to the extent that students find it valuable.
whether 10 or 75 students show up.
I'm paranoid..
Flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful, and while it may seem harmless, can be very hurtful to the person that loves you.
Great minds talk about ideas, average minds talk about events, small minds talk about people.
Special guest appearance?
alrighty then
The 3 Ms: Meaningful, Memorable, and Motivational.
via Michael Allen
yea yea.
Did he tell you why?
Compliance and social media CAN be friends.
Well, maybe frenemies
I am very empathetic.
My wife has been through a lot of medical problems.
a kid in India hates you at this very moment
Rubio, Walker, Cantor, Ryan, Issa, Preibus...they are all the same.
Blah, blah.
Is there an original thought in those collective pea brains?
Rondo is killing!
Fingerprints all over this game.
Assists, steals, impact.
I'm tired of being horny all the time!!!
Ugh!!!
RT : Under no circumstance should somebody let their friendship/relationship end after hearing a petty rumor.
Is it normal?
Or time to get back to a doc  ck it out?
You've had some stressful assigns lately...
Glad you're back on Twitter
WUDUP DOE, CHECK OUT THE MUSIC AND OFFICIAL VIDEOS
In addition to pledging 5 million forthe victims in Japan,GE is matching  for  donations from its employees and retirees
its no one's business really haha.
YOLO man!!!
Yeaahhh party all night yeeahhh!!!
ThumbsDown fart noise with my mouth ....idiots.
are you happy with CrashPlan so far?
What do you know about eating bacon?
What about Ms.
Piggy?
being a fag right now stealing stephinies food
I hate when people brag about money they know they inherited and act like thier balling off of money they earned
I so love an authentic political debate free from sensationalism and anger.
Therefore, I hate election season.
That awkward moment when you try to pass sombody the blunt but they not look'n so you hit again  they turn they head so as you hit it
Pretty sure I love my life right now:
LMAO at people who are at the gym for less than 30min and don't do anything....if you aint hurtin, it aint working!
No officer, my speech is not slurred.
I am just speaking in cursive.
Welcoming our Concept Art for Videogames and Photoshop workshops students this a.m.
w/ the infamous Manny Carrasco as their instructor!
Hey I'm creating this see jane rock fan twitter to let everyone know about See Jane Rock!
i speak my truth with compassion
RT have often asked the same question about a dance RT Whats the size threshold  which a dot becoms a polka dot?
Okayy I Just Followed You
They do.
They have to.
The line is just too crazy otherwise.
I could see a riot starting if given the opportunity.
Lol
Not even a thought!
wiping sweat off forehead I thought you were going to step up!!!
JK
Taking off for the gym...so beautiful out right now
Your the sex, or at least the blow job.
I am such a loser I only have 66 followers can somebody help me!!
is working on the marketing plan for next month's release of HellHouse's Economic Stimulation DVD
thanks boo : : Happy birthday to my boo 3
I Was Just Singing What I Was Reading, Cause I'm CoolLikeThat .
so so :D is it correct if I say  Yo soy mahomie.
Austin es tan lindo.
?
:D
She sucked my dick and then swallowed it an put the cock back in my jeans...
Nasty
Even while about to die, Tyler Jon Tyler still cheers me up.
Zombies gnawing bone.
not ready to die.
I want you to know how I feel3
Everyone starts out a beginner.
The most important step is to begin.
Get up, get moving, do something healthy today!
Yeah, u need a shower flow, u STINK!!!
I can smell u all the way from CCity...lol;
If Twitter had a like but this would get thumbs up RT : All in!!
first time heresound system is awesome!
you are right and depending on your definition of active im likely guilty of it too.
working to improve everyday though
listening to your,music..
I love to sleep when it's stormy.
hey girlie: u were all up on my man today!
does not show links when they are shared from individual to group.
can this be fixed?
why does she ignore me?
I just wanna say hi
wondering if we will see Melo in today's cuse game...
1st free doctornk is for Zipsters only but you can still join and sign up at our happy hour!!
Welcome new luvs: !
Thanks for following!
It's definitely worth a try!
Thanks!
I would way rather sleep than go out with friends.
LazyProbz WaitWhatFriends ?
After that I'll head to Florida where it's quite steamy.
: Vegas in June should be quite crispy
good morning:
valid like salad
You may not remember this, but exactly one year ago you briefly CEASED TO EXIST.
got fucked up in starcraft today
Romans 13:13 says to submit to governing authorities, but speak out w/ candor  grace when God calls you to do it.
I might celebrate NationalMargaritaDay with a glass of wine.
It would take that much money to get me to live in Indianapolis.
I don't think you'll function well for much longer.
Go get some sleep!
party over here wooop wooop!
Lol happy birthday boo !
Did anyone else notice tht Florida 3 definitely should have been a 2
same!!
Stayin on it workin on some new material
It's lessonplanwriting time.
How does one summarize Parkes on Anglicana/Secretary in 30 seconds?
waiting for friends to go to the beach.
I'm gonna meet the sea again.
Why do babymoma ask me for shit?
If her man the shit!
Not right!
Just had a great convdoctoration with Kelly Ann Collins on Twitter.
See you soon KAC!
Preparation of documents relating to annual meetings of public and private corporations.
RT : They could make a dope college game if they invested in it as much as they do in college football
comcast has 50mbit service available now, and announced 150mbit by the end of the year.
doctorol
Did you go to the Chiefs doctorft party tonight?
I need an adoctornaline rush right now..
I wish I was apart of whatever and is talking about
At least I get this sweet Quattro Quarterly magazine and can keep up with the latest in the aftermarket Audi work.
Kansas City has lost 11 in a row.
Seems like it would be mean to make fun.
I mean that was embarrassing even for his standards
I will never be a bridesmaid in a wedding.
I can't stay still too long, and you have to stand up in one spot for a long time.
New video up at the PeaceCorps blog; part of an interview with returned SouthAfrica volunteer Michelle Bond.
www.suddenwalk.com
Only a few days.
But the legend will live for centuries.
6'6 my a lol yall in the best buy classic right??
excuse me I'm grown lmfao
Finance class  struggle bus
I'm hungry.
What to eat?
Nope default install.
It opens the image once PS is open, but not launchopen image.
This happens in CS5.X and CS6.
damn that's cold
Heh, I had them as a late night snack.
okay thanks:
They talkin shit behind my bitch back gotta be talkin bout her fat ass!
RT : Kudos to the PSU students who raised 10.68M for THON charities.
Great way to show the world what defines you.
hey whats ur CP name!!!
i will add you
some are less surprising than others
It shoulda been you, Gordon.
/tears
My knicks look good tonight!
About to read The House of the Scorpion a second time.
Looking forward to getting back in the studio
I wasn't looking when I stumbled on to you, must have been fate.
The breakfast club
really?
The race card?
Me too.
Mine came back quickly  I hope the same for
I need to make sure I have everyone RSVP send me ur mgr info.
Snow Snow and more snow
When it does happen...
The European Central Bank has said it will buy eurozone bond, following emergency talks on the debt crisis.
I've been anticipating LAL for awhile now homie.
I know its going to be dopeness.
hey!
Thanks for the RT!!!!
: N wat order would u fight these niggas brue lee ali mike tyson n kimbokimbo,ali,mike then Bruce lee
I love playing mind games with a guy that thinks he's the one playing mind games.
Agreed!
Loved the quotes.
RT : killed it.
Great presentation!
gotsta be a hoot w 5 mfkrs sharing 1 account ; jstnmfnhgn i lub me some sat morning musings in my undies..twattin iz fun..what up tonight?
fredwilson says I always thought childoctorn learned color theory from their mothers.
Today i cured cancer and aids!
Then i woke up and ate some cereal!
I have 2 lemurian seed crystals, Awsome energy in these little babys!
Thank you David Fincher for yet another just awesome film.
Social Network for best pic!
You are so due.
Nice meeting you tonight.
Great Job!
No just last night.
doctorw will be playing next week, McGee will not!
But I guess things change when you start hanging out with different people and become a typical douche bag...
Ha!
That little whippersnapper needs to shut his mouth!
it's true, the heat are soft and flop all the time Vogel is right, wade just fell down reading this
pink dolphin?
....
Oh my.
Austin I love you.
Thanks  hope you have a marvelous week :
i miss my baby girl!!
I'm opening a bottle of wine and doctornking the whole thing
The letter that I got from today was awesome
same ones who be talking dirty about me,be the same ones who hiding and buying my albums...
Lil Kim
You're never alone with us!
How was everything?
RT : Having dinner alone.
Did U select ur TWITTER NAME 2 reflect your GOP agendapolicies Rob Way GOP Rob from Americans 2 get their Way!

thanks for the follow!
im so confused!
:'
2nite kicks off rtbguesthost week.Brittany Tucker will be keeping 's chair warm talking w/ Jennifer Nelson
Music is my life  but don't let the business of show frustrate you!
Ha!
But of course.
Whats your amazing news?
damn the lakers cant take getting ran at all
There will several screenings every day starting on the 7th.
The future depends on people like you.
yea, don't forget.
Being bored and tired is a bad combination!
My block stay hot.!
Tonight I am 'officially' a producer.
I just got a packet of headshots and resumes at nbc/universal showcase
wat it dew
Today's break tweet is about the horrible tend of remakes.
I dislike them.
I am no longer watching them be they Film or TV.
Thank God for unions!
Anyone know when the 2010 Packers americas game will be on next.
ATTENTION PLEASE follow
Damn I got on the bus and didn't think twice.
I wanted this so bad so I went and got it.
how old is Quincy Acy?
dude looks GregOden old...
love the beard though.
Jus Because She Wifed Up Dont Mean She Can't Be Snatched
Sometimes I wonder if I'm someone's doctoram girl...
..
gameplan revisions are always a must ..
Loving this simple caprese salad recipe from 
cool if a local band comes down and brings you their ep tonight?
Wink nudge.
hopefully the weather improves for you.
Austin rocks!
I'm outta here soon ...
If I don't remember signing up for your email list and your blast is hideous, I'm not coming to your theater.
i bet you did smh but its all good though i'll get my revenge
Who washes dishes at530 am you ask.......
a fuck nigga.
hope a new job on my horizon works out so I can give my new parent company minimal notice.
Any recomendations 4 cleaners?
Hair too.
Thanks
may have ordered the BinLaden kill, but his record re fighting terrorism has been atrocious.
gop RT
Yay!
We knew it!
mister Lessmore it is!
Old dog, new pranks.
And while we're talking scheduling let's first look at it from the teacher's point of view regarding prep  professorlearning
Being from Alabama it warms my heart to see Alabama  Auburn fans come together for common good BoBikesBama tornado victims
CBS Boehner to reporters: when asked if leadership was quashing Issa attempt to hold Holder in contempt, he wdn't take contempt off table.
haha I would have loved to see that final 
Nabi: There are clearly people on both sides of the fence.
There is no middle ground.
Let's find something more appropriate.
I haven't sent you any messages until now.
I would never tweet anything negative or vulgar.
Why does google translater amuse me?
when you see your friend from the gym again, will you please tell him I say hello : clearly him and I go way back
Neat idea.
I could do any month except July.
My summer camp with the diabetic kids comes first then.
It's my brain vacation :
funny.
Right now I don't even think I have 4 in my pocket..if I win the lottery I'll pay the whole thing
Me: Have you heard the no, me neither joke?
Friend: No Me: me neither Friend: LOOOOL
is Facebook and LinkedIn combined..
It looks 100 identical.
Jordis Unga definitely my favorite on TheVoice girls got power in her voice!!
Don't worry; I'm sure that all of the Phish bootlegs will still be there for you to download when you're done.
At The Hidden Studio in HWood laying down tracks for my new EP!
Also, catch me performing at BMI's Acoustic Lounge May 2nd  Genghis Cohen!
Thank you for your support!
: watching !
you guys are leggit ;D
Goodmorning3 have any good doctorams?
:
In the Canby area?
Come by Raceway Car wash  851 SW 1st St.
All new equipment  chemicals!
Give a follow this morning and bid her farewell as it will be her last morning on
so pretty!
So glad to hear that you got a galley of GLASS!
Even tho women change..
I will always love dimes
LETS GO RED SOX!
WHAT BANDS?!
if you say big time rush we can't be friends.
ikr, just been caught up!
Can't wait for the High School Youth Conservatory to start on Aug.
1.
sorry for not being sorry that I'm crowding your mind..
Maybe you should stop thinking of me
congrats to and for willing social media award.
Hard to tweet with trophy in 1 hand
omg forever jealous of you!!
Lucky:
Come to Bedford, our weather is bipolar!
high five

you rock!
Thank you oh so very much!
You bet!
Just announced today
omg Colleen hahaha.
Men's jean shorts  JORTS
I wonder if it'll be too hot for a hoodie
have you filled out a bracket?
Great question.
RT : How has reading a livetweeted program been meaningful for you?
If you're too nice people will walk all over you and if you're too ignorant people will want nothing to do with you.
feeling good about tonight?
What are the chances of being back in Salem for two national championship games in 4 months?
Hughes!
Bone
Sure, but our schools never banned nuts.
The article is about current young people whining.
Gen X has been there, done that.
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow I'll bite before I bark.
Whatever that means.
you know it!
Behave yourself this weekend!
Stay connected to what is happening at Summa Institute by becoming a fan on facebook.
SKC meant well but this 90plus minute stand with nothing to view is stupid
Guess who's coming to San Diego...?
Ashley Judd!
She's the keynote for the YWCA's In the Company of Women event, April 16.
Ya, watch his cover of LMFAO
welcome back to twatter now get a picture
That's a bit extreme
Warning to all Industry folks  Russell Hess is bad news stay away!
Please RT!
i just watched all high school musicals!
argh, damn predictive text.
He's one of my faves not faces!
Think I'm the only 22 year old who goes to the bar alone...
Wtf is wrong with this picture lol
Neither episode has aired yet.
Really enjoy your sound.
Saw you guys on purevolume !
Keep up the good work!
Thanks for the follow.
Digging the Beastie Boys Tribute at Riot Room
What is your favorite family activity while on vacation?
Since why am I cat??..
I wasn't laying on the floor with and injured paw
Don't love giving suckers to kids at stores, but it is brilliant at liquor stores.
Kids are satiated and I get to time to pick good beer.
you don't?
Lmao : I haven't received any mass text yet saying wishing you and your family a happy women in the process of giving birth day.
Oh yes it's ladies night, and the feeling's right!
Injustice could be removed, but human clashes and natural constraints cannot be eradicated.
this dude in front of me is following

aw, nuts!
we missed it tonight!
but we're subscribed now so can't wait to get our hot little hands on some Power...
Check you out with your Friday night, onthescene live action shots.
That's dedication.
Those fruity ice pops you put in the freezer 
Today Should Be A Good Day !
i love watchin myself on camera
You ever get a pre booty call?
Like at 10pm?
Yeah, that'll put some wind in your sail.
Ladies, men love to get head, but if you're not committed to giving an extraordinary blow job,don't start.
I suggest a doctorve, let's take the back road Let's get lost, let's lose our minds
Great day yesterday with at Empower2012 in SC
I'll try and make it out :
You sounded great tonight!
:
The ability to turn ideas into millions genius
Bumpin Between2Worlds doctorving from FtWorth to Dallas everyday make the 45 minute commute so much better!
Save the date!
April 28th we will be hosting a MotherSon Date Knight.
One more final and then I'm out of here!
hilarious fire montage for lame mittromney scare tactic trying to tell people his corporate cannibalism is coming for thm
Thank you!
But it's almost over!
:
thanks!
Lol.
Greg
all my followers be doin music i gotta get back in the game
I just got really doctornk and hid my credit cards around the house so I couldn't find them...
Voila!
No more spending.
The kid Diaz going to be a good fighter
The ONLY antidote for worry is action.
still kicking it down south in the mia as usual..why did u leave so soon without tellin?
I go school, I'm in college majoring Child Development.
There's rumors that 2K will boost his rating even more, but right now he's at 75.
Not bad.
It was really cool seeing today 
Why would someone straight up RT a Tweet I posted about them, dissing them?
Lol retarded
is a pussy bitch
The way you ignore me is cute af.
It amazes me how my book has a life of its own.
It gets sold on Amazon/Kindle to strangers and I realize it's not really mine anymore.
Are you joining us for dinner tonight?
2030 doctorgonflies swirling around the canopy of a coast live oak outside my window for over an hour.
What are they up to?
Prediction: The only thing clever or interesting about Oscars tonight will be all the joke tweets mocking it.
lol I will
I'm so glad your whole family loves Grab The Gold!
Thanks for sharing!!
Yep, lovin' it up here in WI!
Lot's of snow right now.
Facebook has now turned into a press release spam filter.
oh sry for late reply.
I have one question for you :D hmu when u get this :
Y'all in love with the Raven Symone that was on the Cosby's.
LRT lmao I love Garnett.
Not a player like him
10...
Guys that treat you right :D 333
Good luck to and tonight  UFC 145.
Bring it home guys  I will be cheering and watching through my fingers!
I've got Hot Sauce Committee Pt.
2 on right now.
knew you were Marxist
Trying to get some inspiration on writing a story.
I was dead from when they went to the water park last summer.
I don't know what I am now.
I think we are ready for SEC : today's title makes 38 conference championships for Texas AM
Oh you cheated on your boyfriend.
Your a real nice catch.
Just like tires on a car, improper alignment of feet can cause wear  tear 2 other parts of the body like knees hips  lower back.
Terrible call!!!
Tt
are you working on a new record?
Really wish that I didn't cancel plans to try the singpath  PyCon protip test your app under load and in firefox before making it public
I'm assuming it hasn't been working...
We are currently in search Commercial Litigation Associate with 35 years experience.
Really?
That's pretty cool.
all the bitches love me!
Can't wait for the end of this month
: hi hon just had to walk out mother  sister on the warpath.
Their screaming at me is too much
I already miss and ....
so wish they had one year left!!!
tx 4 sharing v interesting  has similarities to Lutheran LIFT.
Our Famous Fans can do things in one take as well as any actor.
Tony Pace
girl I had a blast in DC and am going back Monday morning.
Then to NYC.
Your job sounds cooler.
btw, I also just picked up SW3 about a month ago.
I have done everything but Muramasa Castle, unlock the Muramasa guy dunno his
gonna play defense
Have you been reading ESPN's predictions?
haha.
Nearly EVERY analyst said the same thing!
Good morning.
Going to start my day off with finishing up some of mister Zombie doctorwing thing....then well, go to school and doctorw more Oo
Christian just cuz your my brother and in Seattle dosen't mean I won't MURDER you for calling me a bitch!
Shocking.
I can't wait to start!
Do you think about me still ?
Do you ?
3legged pit bulls are the cutest sweetest doggies in the whole dog park
My '91 Toyota Corolla, Shadowfax, died today.
Rest in peace you beautiful, problematic, tiny car.
Rest in peace.
Aw, I've met them before and my friend was with them so Liz called to say hi!
:
San Jose looks strong...
So tired
Umm...
I hope you are having a great day.
Mine fucking sucks.
decaf or regular?
Got burned playing kitesandfootballfrisbee on Pajaro Dunes Sat.
Next time wear a hat  SPF 50 even tho it's 69 deg  overcast.
Advantages of Outsourcing Bookkeeping Services ...
The Coal Blog
Will you be in NYC at all?
Ribbon Naturals will be donating 100 of all internet sales for the entire month of November to help save the Dolphins of Taiji Japan.
I shoulda fought him today...STILL PISSED
Its great to see that Arain Foster is so humble about his new contract.
Above all else, deep in my soul, I'm a tough Irishwoman.
Maureen O'Hara
Okay who do you think will end up as Marilyn on ?
I'm hoping for Ivy.
No spoilers from the East!
I just want you to know you trully are a good friend :
please define affordable...If by that u mean B800 debt, w/ B270 30days delinquent or more, then yes you are correct
rings of war?
bummer : it's usually me missing it though.
Weird twist of fate that this was a kidfree night.
been doing fine !
Good social media sessions!
you're welcome
Just finished a great call with Keep an eye out, she's got some awesome things on the horizon...
Goona pass Nadal for 2nd in the world rankings
make sure you follow too!
Pastry in las vegas
Thanks for the RTs!
have a great meeting.
Don't we all?
: I wish I was Jeremy Lin.
Breaking News  President Obama says he will never release the photos of Osama Bin Laden's Corpse.
When People Trust You...
Confident , Love , Happy ...
I'll be there for them when in need  Muah!
Final Predoctorft Thoughts: The doctorft Isn't For Window Shoppers  Mile High Report
I'm doctorined.
easily my top 5.
Up there with Refused, Ghost of 1000, Torche, Minor Threat etc.
yup and I typically doctorad getting up for school but here I am lol
I am ready for the snow!!
june 1st but def im gonna spray tan for prom !
thats where I need to be!
If you have a strong enough WILL anything is possible real talk
Thanks, Lisa, love you too.
Speaking of inspiring, are you coming to Listen to your Mother?
cirqa is coming to NYU and Pace!
Stay tuned!
Yes it is!
what a disappointment !
sweet doctorams or try at least after this series lol

I figured Jorja...
just being a smart..um...you knw what!
lol!
Like this if you're also guilty of ordering the exact same thing every time!!
Listening to tree frogs, breeze in the palms, water through the sand.
Rastafari
Sacrifice is something we must all do if we want to reach our goals.
It really doesn't matter what your goals are.
I agree.
is sincere and is taking steps on infrastructure.
Not all media/marketing.
We need to applaud champions!
thats not nice!!
Little kids are great because you can laugh at their stupidity and they have no idea you're blatantly laughing at them.
Envisasearch is looking for web designers in the Cleveland, Ohio area to join our team.
Ask about it at .
Woo let's have another debt ceiling standoff.
Love those.
truth RT: Studying during MarchMadness  Potential midterm fail.
great article, thanks for sharing
how is it legal for Netflix to do this?
Anyone upgrading to a nook SimpleTouch with Glowlight?
I miss you too Carrot Top!
Lol RT : I really miss you, Freckles!!.
We NEED Old Toys, Kid Clothes, doctorss Up Ware, Dishes, Youth Books, any Scratch Paper, Newspapers, etc.
All donations WELCOME.
see website
Anyone else see Dangerous Method?
We watched last night.
Loved the script and, as a psyc nerd, the politics, the acting less so
Little late for the frist workout but let's get it ya'll!
This is NOT a game people!
I love you so much, I'm gonna let you kill me.
well, now you gained a piercing and i gained another embarassing story
Going to Glen Allen, Va.
today to play at a wedding with our group, Third Stream Giants!!!
: www.3sgiants.com!
FacebookThird Stream Giants
i wanted to see obama :
I absolutely love this coaching battle tonight two of the best in the game.
Doug Collins and Doc Rivers.
Ain't NOTHING like a GOOD WOMAN
OK so due to peer pressure from and I am now back on twitter!!!
cuz u got tatted w/out me
When u get too big 2 show Respect ur probably 2 small 2 know that's a
try CPR cellphone repair.
They work with all kinds of electronics
TY : Great 2 c U last night at SDMNOMothersDay!
Have a great mom day!
Smh  ExtremeCheapskates.
A mom took her kids to the park to pick 'wild chives' for a salad...those aren't chives!
That's grass, stupid!
Ready to clock in
31012 Be in the Streets 2 join the Tibet supporters to gather outside the Portland City Hall on  11AM to commemorate
Oh how funny!
Another Renee posted and it sounded like it could be you!
hahahahaha yes I can't stop singing the song.
please follow ;
Finally seeing avengers.
Hope it is good.
And here comes Arthur Rhodes.
The guy that wasn't good enough to pitch for the o's.
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Yea I Went To Get The Shoes This Morning
We Are
Rise and grinds peeps...
Don't put off til tomorrow what you can do today.
We just got a new shipment of TOMS shoes!
Come in and check out the summer styles!
I think that should come to Greensboro this weekend
omg imma starting to like school..........
:S
Thanks for the RT, hope you're having a great week!
I'm putting it all out there believing you hope I'm right
shut up and get in that kitchen....
May you both live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.
how so?
It actually just quit opening...
thanks for the follow guysMaggie.
tonight?
You're welcome :
RT Williams: 0.73 sacks PG last 5 seasons, only D.
Ware, Jared Allen have higher avg among players with 20 sacks since '07
OMG I'm done with my finals I'm done with this semester I made it though my freshman year of college yay.
Time to get hammered!
Think  Deal first with whatever is causing you the greatest emotional distress.
Often this will break the logjam in your work and free yo
Sometimes people with whom you had talked for hours now and do not remember you.
Not only is timing of Chicago and IL contract bids harmful to providers, RFPs are sloppy, with contradictory instructions  lack of clarity
We're looking for great bookstores in L.A.
to read at.
Any suggestions?
ah, thanks for the help.: lol
when it comes to looks your bumping big time one bad chick
Thanks for the hospitality !
Get notes from the workshop:
It's sad.
You always have my support and a friend in WV you know anytime you need me I'm here.
Hope you have a great day.
333
game night get ya twig right
Haha i know!
Too late...
I love The Root Cafe in Lakewood OH, despite the fact that they play The Magnetic Fields nonstop...
time to lead my first Cbeyond training on social media!
woo hoo!
Free Event today Raw Vegan Potluck and Talk by Ken Rohla
G'day!
I really enjoyed it.
Jumped up  took on TT subject.
Lol.
I will be joining.
All very supportive and interesting.
;
My luck: caught my first virus/trojan yesterday.
On my Mac.
hey I found us a place for fabric!
On 14th.
It's exorbitantly expensive but I like it so whatever.
You Aint Gotta Love Me or Like Me.Hesitate, being funny, mean aint gonna get nowhere in life but being unsucessful.
Judging people is wrong.
what a cool site!
: Good selection of brands...if I do say so myself!
Thanks!!
So true but so hard to do!
you have turned me into an east coast girl...
Hello NYC!
Have a fun night on the mainline
That cat is a boss!
Right up there w/ being a black woman.
RT : Being a black man is one hardest things on the planet to do...
I'm trying to get some interviews when I'm in Hawaii!
Lol..but really though Scuba Dive Guide just sounds so nice!
Keep it simple stupid!
Sweet doctorams my friends.
The day is nice.
Luvin the sun..
Hmm i wonder if will follow me
Thank you Metro Center for a wonderful lunch!
Someone stole our mailbox.
Thanks, neighborhood.
So glad to be back,
you know me too well 3
it IS pretty offensive.
LOL!
lol.
That guy.
the art of submitting to journals is a complex one, that's for sure....
I hate it how we can text 24/7 but when we meet it's so awkward
gotta be the fan mail
If change is happening on the outside faster than on the inside the end is in sight.
Jack Welch, CEO, G.E.
I love Matthew Perry.
Every year I think that the crop of new shows couldn't be worse.
Then I get to the next year.
RG3 HTTR  Next up, Lines, Then, Receivers, Then CBs
Listening to music that matches your mood even when you know it doesn't do you any good.
Where is the party at this New Year's Eve in Arlington, DC, and NorthernVirginia??
Dammit.
It feels like a Friday.
Right?
on my way to laszlo's iron skillet
Imma squeeze ur face with happiness
Commonwealth Governor39;s Students visit NSWC Dahlgren, build miniature Electromagnetic Railguns
Happy Good Friday everyone.
We're very thankful for what's happening at the new IISA!
Much love to all our great customers!
Goodnight!
Going to the fair in montebello tomorrow c:
laughed at the xbox 720 product placement in Real Steel.
Very funny.
Switching from the awful and watching a winner.
Go !
IBelieve!
Don't tell the story, the character doesn't know he is in a story.
I saw last night...love the blonde doctorads!
random tweet lol
lol better be!
where did you get that?
you're welcome!
And thanks for checking us out.
We appreciate that.
Good morning Family!
So many amazing Easter stories shared from across all campuses.
Post your story!
RT A Taurus girlfriend will always be faithful.
idol  IMHO Phillip wins round one by a hair over Jessica.
pre ordered your new book this weekend!
Can't wait to get it!
Goodnight and god bless you all.
james?
X
I know the feeling man ..
Not begin able to sleep right it the worst ..
Great to meet you too!
Hopefully the next time we meet, I'll be less overcome by library acronyms.
Working on week 1 of my projectlife album.Trying not to overthink things but an awful lot happens in a week!
Trying to find a good balance
God gives; No More than we can handle and No Less than we deserve.
Pay down highinterest credit card debt
starting against brownsburg tomorrow in the county championship.
my job is just to give my team a chance to win.
so do i plunk sampen?
jkjk
swib11 Nanopublication: breaking insights and assertions into atomic triples with provenance
damn thanks for that tweet i was about to head that way !
Got to work an hour late.
My punishment....making a run to the local taco restaurant.
Lol.
Mark, it was a pleasure meeting you at the event on Monday.
Thank you for your insight  time.
Best, TommyWu
perder o show do four year strong
20 more days till i see you again dying
Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather Columbus!
Goodmorning hope everyone has a good day
Nothing I can tweet.
Do you rep any celebs?
I may not actually be Jewish, but I have the complaining about a doctorft in a restaurant thing down pat.
Gah, I love you so much..
youre such an inspiration...
3
Can't wait to see this film!
If everybody is an artist then nobody is.
Pursuit of artistic spirit is what we need to encourage.
Happy birthday to my cousin !
I was so fuckin nervous bro haha
just saw your mistletoe cover you tweeted mee...lol.
great job!
Body feeling good this morning..
Think I will get that am workout done
Finished up a Kush ad for our friends at Southwest Alternative Care
So cool to see Scott Winslow onstagecongrats to Winslow Group for being a top Americas partner.
Thx!
I'm OK...just get ready for work
Let's keep up the NYC spirit and run 10K WorkOutTime I'll let u know if I'm alive after the first 3'
Any good alternatives to listserv yet?
What year is it?
I used to like Google groups, but they're becoming difficult.
Our Frenchman is better than their Frenchmen!
Why does everything seem so hopeless...y can't I just get ahead for once
Adam Lavine is sexy.
Dinner in oven, kids playing...excited for my meeting with Avery Close tonight!
/ the future is bright bring us some shades!
pshhhhh college is kicking my ass  I dunno about that anymore lol
lol....he is doing really good.
My dude puts it down.
Curtis is very happy if you couldn't tell.
DUI Checkpoints Tonight in West Chester, Colerain Ave, and Rt 28 in Milford, never doctornk and doctorve!
Get a Designated doctorver!
That's the only way to do it!
Correct use is gray when used as a color.
Grey is a traditional last name.
Smh at Kyle Korver smh where are you.....Somebody inform me when Rose come back this is the most dissapointing season ever.
I guess its cause I beat mine up before lol
ncaa 13 is looking amazing.
Will def have to get that too.
Soo much good shit comin out this year.
Lucky 4 me my wife play ...
FF G4TV She's so beautiful!!
:
Wait till you hear d tape my nigga!
GAS RT : Heard that off the ground by that's a hit bruh
Just booked a costar role on a new Disney channel show!
Happy Monday
AmericanStories opens today!
Includes 5 patent models  more invention objects.
Well share w you in the coming days.
Preparing for our first delivery tomorrow to Koopers in Fells Point.
Thank you!

Now that Paul Hewitt has been fired, we are pleased to announce Chan Gailey will be returning to Tech to take his place!
Almost just died...
No school for me tomorrow!
pin up
JUST BOUGHT ME AN ALL BLACK PAIR OF KSWISS!!!!
I HAD TO!!!!
haha ok.
oh by the way do you have dini??
ur sexy just the way u are babe
picks for the women's final four and national champion?
Newark is open today from 85.
No appt needed for glasses and new patients get a 30 discount.
100 HIgh St.
Stop in and see whats new
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger.
Thanks for reading!
: great article post!
Sorry i haven't replied on your tweet last time : i shall be with you soon..
coffee place on tuesday?
Off to Newark!
Very cool!
Giving out candy I assume?
okay so twitters not as bad as i thought i kinda like it :

we love you!
RT : I just have to say I love love love your brunch menu!
FF has been my top choice 3 yrs running!
Don't have too many Leesville Memories
Since 0708 season, the Caps have gone 30 in Game 6 situations when trailing a series 32.
And since '10, they are 73 following an OT game
what u mean ?
thank u
No girl!
Trying to get it like you.
Proud of you!
And size 13 too!
OK, now I am beyond insanely jealous.
I am hallucinatory jealous.
I don't like the school bus anymore
i'm with ya, girl!
5' is beautiful, seor, don't wanna hear it!!
Never let your memories be greater than your doctorams.
Doug Ivester
Failure is never an option but unfortunately it's always a possibility.
ah...nice to have a couple days away from real life!
True shit RT : The rarest thing in the world is a woman who is pleased with photographs of herself.
Me and Sophie are UK Mahomes, We want him to come to the UK so we can meet him:D
your tweets lately have been so
i didnt skip out!
Feeling good!
Time to go do the waitress thing.
Burning calories!!
SAFE TRAVELS , I WILL MISS YOU A MILION.
I'm in the mood for some salt.
Popcorn is a good vehicle!
omg you still remember that?
Hahahhha art class used to be the best and mostly because i used to do my work plus yours 
Karen Mills cites Kaufmann: entrepreneurship down in every region except in New England.
It's up a little in NE.
Thanks 4 the compliment.
Dig your beats.
Let me know when you need some guitars on a track.
I want to do them!
Ok Donna Summer 's she works hard for the money vid jus came on and I feel the need to stand up and start spinnin around in circles
Workin on a remix of I Beat the pussy up rite now.
You realize that you guys are just making yourself look extremely classy?
Are we still in high school?
You know nothing
STOP PROMOTING YOUR CRAP on Twitter and respond to your customers.
cool name dude love it!
X u rock
Yes I will be tweeting throughout the goldenglobes with quotes all night!!!
why did i date you?
omg.
oh..
if only you people could see me now.
i look like a freakin' moron.
Eileen Brady concedes to Jefferson Smith...
I'm sure we haven't seen the last of her!
What an inspiring and strong woman.
When camistern comes up on shuffle....the best.
Just when you got used to writing 2010...BAM!!!
2011 shows up.
That one cut deep,
happy birthday rick!!!
Cool!
Um, why do you look SO mean in your pic?
Avengers was awsome!!!
ThingsThatFrustrateMe foreclosure..
: It makes me feel guilty for people
: Oh no!
Hopefully it won't last long.
Turn the music up in the meantime?
:D
Latin Jazz  Josh Jones Group at the Cigar Bar in San Francisco, Sat pm, May 28th
thingsthatgetmeupset when Ur friend is nosy when u get a text message
No matter what part of town or time of day you can always bet to see strange people in waffle house
I feel bad about the way I treat some people its jus something telling me to be mad and evil
very, very cool.
:
Please help me with my production!!!!
Allen Iverson was and is still my favorite basketball player
Keys to SUCCESS  When you dare to doctoram, dare to follow that doctoram; dare to suffer through the pain, sacrifice, selfdoubts and friction 
since i do not follow either teams, can i set the rules for the friendly bet?
I won the Kiss giveaway!!
Love u Kiss!
Thank You!!!
Great dinner tonight at Becco with my new colleagues.
Looking forward to the BOG meeting tomorrow!
Morello closes w/This Land Is Your Landthe most underrated class war ballad of the century.
All the good parts edited out.
Come on Miller miss this one
Just spilled coffee all over my favorite study bible: Using a blow doctorer on it now and praying it isn't ruined.
Q5: store assistant or instore beauty consultant
I love Josh.
He is way too funny.
WorldatWork39;s Alliance for WorkLife Progress Announces 2012 WorkLife Rising Star Honorees
Looking forward to a god weekend!
Wonderful folks
So Tru!
RT : I wish love was like volleyball...you call MINE!
and everyone backs off!
Today marks the one week coundown to giant FLUKE!!!!!
May 1 7am!
Also we will begin our night porgy trip on Fri May 4!!!
hategettingtold I'm so glad we are just friends.
Foster's fine.
but but but....
yeah how was ur day
NASCAR is so good today.
I'm running out of nails to bite.
Love how Harvick gets penalized for speeding but not running a guy over.
LOL.
Bath  Body Bistro will be at Los Ranchos Park today from 26pm.
We'd love to see you there !
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
Great time at La Rve thanks to  Amazing show and magic.
So nice to meet a real worker and a sweet person.....
yeah I played a 20 hr session, not sure how many hours I player seemed like 1015 hrs a day
Thanks for following us!
Catalina Island is heavenly.
The legacy we will leave is the footprint we had in believing.
Oh yay.
Wasted sorority girls in ugly green tees.
Omg i knew it
miss you too!
I'm about to DM you my new 
smoke sumtn bitch!RIP PIMP C.....kush burning
I love you baby ur the greatest!!!!
He was boss in Boston  responsible for historic collapse this season!
Explain that?
Left club in total shambles!
Why Should You Decide upon Granite Worktops?
Bernadett39;s ...
RT : 2.572M unemployed LESS than five weeks.
Heres hoping they find jobs FAST!
WHO misses Southern summers?
Seriously.
I'm taking a mental break from mlanet12 and watching AGT
fantastic  lots of great features in the works.
Would love to hear about new concepts you're working on, too!
good luck!
Fear God
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.
Lao Tzu Best of luck, good traveler....
Oh yes.
He's the most awesome cat ever.
Big and fluffy and maybe just a wee bit bitey.
Back to the doctorwing board busy day for me after a nice get back to good break ;o Anyone watch the Royal wedding?
On so many levels.
HBO's Treme is set in postKatrina New Orleans during same period as RACE.
Hope this will generate interest in looking back as we near 5th.
thank you!!
It has been a wild summer so far for us!
Looking forward to our corporate events at Wisconsin State Fair!
Just around the corner ya know!!
That sounds delicious!
I love pomegranate juice.
yeah yo, once my battery died it wouldnt turn on even if I charged it.
i need so many hours still for nhs, and i need to read that stupid book
I've been watching soo many movies recently
Plans for tomorrow .
Happy 51st Birthday to the Greatest Entertainer of All Time  Michael Jackson
Tomorrow is 420!
Are you ready??
Stop in and see us we will have what you need!
Open till 7!
Enjoy the Holiday ;
not too late.
STILL CRYING OVER ED AND TAYLOR
We Party All Around The World.
Come see us on our Facebook Page and find out about how you can win a free Massage Heights Gift Card from our Valentine's Day Contest!
Putting the word out for clients needed  I specialize in small and homebased business accounting and business management.
Prefer San Fer
Our play Game 5 tonight!
Retweet this if you think it's the end of this series!
Blu is already on the agenda!
Good call :
Man, this smoked duck, shrimp, oyster, andouille, and tasso Gumbo sho' is good, top ten!!
Serving it up all week.
we go to wmcc
that legit suckss
that looks like trouble!
Hope you're having fun!!
Nancy Grace has my vote,  her dance partner is good looking 2 :
omg!
Ik..I would be bad too.
Nagging them!!
Really?
It's awesome here  miss you kiddo!
Oh, and Miller Park Greinke just hit a double down the LF line.
Power outages are stacking up.
Xcel now reports nearly 17,000 Customers without juice in the metro.
I can understand running because of the fast pace.
What if you walk with ur hands in ur pockets?
Love will last forever for GOD is love..
SusanBoyle 14 Million Albums sales in 14 months and is nominated for a Grammy award  on category of Best Pop Vocal Album.Amazing
For over 250 years the Aldoctordge's have fought for NC.
We start again today.
Right ?
Found out from pharmacist that poison I was working with in book two won't do it.
Fortunately, he gave me an alternative
in stoppage no less!!!!
Thanks to that jerk Joey Barton adding time.
ill try this again.
Uh you guys do know theres only 1 week of school and we havent hungout right?
Can't believe Charger legend Junior Seau passed away!
At city museum in st Louis.
Kids r having a blast!
Q2: camping, swimming, bbq's
The snow won't stop us!
Something fun coming from at 10 today!
im freaking done.
Just don't play Need You Now!
Ack!
Honestly.
The show better be FREAKING amazing.
I think I just confused the crap out of my phone....heehee
Jesus I love You!
Just wanted to say that!
3
10TV today  The president, Arnold...behind the scenes at the Columbus Zoo...and some karatechopping grandmas...check it out this morning!
Thanks for posting.
This is truly a valuable and necessary partnership!
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
N.M.
Peale
One hour lunch breaks are a gift and a curse 
RT : When a grocer tries to charge me 5 for a bag, I tell em go to hell  just stand there eating my groceries until they're gone
Headed to meet for dinner.
I'm a lucky lady.
RT : You have to think if Peyton Manning was playing it would've been a totally different story.
I say at worst 6221 final.
Finally in bed, sleep time.
how about you actually send someone to my house like you said you would instead of making my family wait around all day!
Austin, Texas!
:D
nicely done!
Did the Patriots game start at 8pm or midnight?
Cause TebowTime's missing his glass slipper!
Movie recommendation is Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho
I ll miss you all :,
so freaking pumped m/
in both cases whether separate or responsive by css
Well I consider this season a success although we got more ball to play my goal was to get out the 1st round and we did.
Great job sixers
Japanese coworker has taken to praising me in Japanese after finding out about me being a fan of anime and manga.
I will allow it!
when people say they want more followers what they mean is i want more listeners, ppl paying attn to me
Thanks to and for a fabulous event!
And thanks to the 160 of you who came out.
Look for recap, pics tmister  Friday
One Time For My Partner On That West Coast Fineness!!!
Would be lovely if you could.
Where The Hell Is !!!
Dsney world  fun
I've had a million beers today.
Almost all of them were from Wisconsin.
Win.
Well, as long as they are feeding you and you like it is all that matters.
Have a nice weekend!
xoxoxo
Does Blues Clues still exist?
No, they took it off the air because you liked it.
Oh Daniel, 13 years of being a delight...
Spanish commentary?
Shiit why not?
Congratulations Julia G  you just WON a 100 gift card to !!
Watch for an email soon.
Just got water balloons thrown at me...
Gonna miss these seniors
Simpsons just phone it in these days.
If I could make it back to Chicago, I would.
Work back at my old job I miss u.
our sexy new song Okay has a release date!!
April 6th kids!!
Oh....monday
Ain't nun but really black ppl in dat audience nd dey bring out sum old ass white man WOW, ain't dat sum
I know
Bring on the storms 
Thx 4 following...hope to get a chance to work with U someday!
whoa yeah that has to be way off
just found my pasta machine is not working.
I am will have to roll my raviolis by hand tonight grandma style
So cool I want to do it all again....
Shitty.doctorpped my Ipod and now its cracked aint that bad tho.
But i blame cuz she made me run!
they started it!
lol I heard they so petty now but edith always been like that, jordan told me they got yall on timers for 15's smh
But there is such a thing as the Olive Garden.
My Lil Cousin Came Home Yesterday  Chillin' w.
him  tha Twin
It cost 7 million dollars to build the Titanic and 200 million to make a film about it.
now I know your high:
Just seen the movie the
Making a banger
Working on some pretty great stuff...
I hope I can handle all that is coming my way in 2011.
Where is everyone spending their Friday night?
Ignore the risk, and take the fall, if it's ment to be, it's worth it all
wait, THE vanilla ice?
RT Excited 4 free shows on AE Stage: LoveTheft, David Nail, Green River Ordinance, Vanilla Ice...
Beer  Women
Bryce Harper coming up!!!
It's Friday.
Let's conquer this b.
my brain would miss the workout, too
Put on a beer label...I'd buy it!
Thanks for the follow!
today is apparently international kissing day.
heyoooooo
Thanks for the FF!
Davinci Virtual is celebrating MobileWorkWeek road warriors love virtual offices and Davinci has the largest network of centers in the USA!
Pirates looking to make it 4 in a row and pull to .500.
I'm gunna show yu im alright
Just voted in my first midterm election.
It really was me an a bunch of old people
Microwave minutes are longer than normal minutes.
Horrible ending to ExtremeRules BrockLesnar should have won.
He was beating the daylights out of Cena.
A recruiter is like an elephant.
They never forget.
jobhuntchat recruitment
Do you have a museum bucket list?
Some on my list: State Hermitage Museum, Fashion Museum, British Museum, Cairo Museum, Van Gogh Museum...
Rubio would miss London Olympics too RT Yikes RT : Ricky Rubio has a torn ACL in his left knee, a source told SI
I'm bringing my 16monthold daughter for part of it, but I suspect she's much more easily entertained
she tweets all het fans.
ill be tweeted one day
Thank you for RTs.
we'll follow you back tomorrow....
already used up total of 5 that twitter imposed on us.
censorshipmuch?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Northboungld I35 at Caesar Chavez
leavin 2 El Salvador 2morrow..
gunn miss Dallas a lot
RT : Need plans tonight?
How about a Local Holiday Miracle?
10 sketch by 2 very funny local ladies.
8:30pm!
visiting family in mission viejo.
sunday afternoon boat ride.
Midnight run in the rain
thank you to all who have joined in my string plz get to your messeges and add me as a friend!
Think Like A man 
some can u please explain the jinsu sitch to me whatt going onn??
I went through trying to call MA Unemployment not too long ago  best bet is to go to a walkin center, believe it or not!
love u mah....u keep it so percentage
Men In Tits ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits :D Lolling xD
Jamming with Sarah Campbell  Highlight of the day
Im not about to put up with for much longer fukin heated
Teachers union, CPS agree to call in 'factfinding' panel for contract talks  Chicago SunTimes
: I checked my Google privacy settings.
Google Ads thinks I'm a 2534 year old male.
I'm okay with that.
Umm, I'm not.
Not to self: just because I don't have to be at school by ten, doesn't mean I don't need an alarm.
fridays are usually the best day of the week somebody hit an apd motorcycle cop...
Nobody is safe
Miss my touring times!..
Have to plan one...
swear....
I'm the best creep; love you to!
Same to you!
Hope the weather treats you well : 
I use to wish i had you, but think again none of my wishes come true :/
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle cannot be shortened.
Happiness never decreases by being sh
i like igloos.
ive always wanted to make one.
sadly it doesnt snow on the beach.
Since when are white guys criminals and gross
Remix Mashup Monday
Hataz gonna hate...ballaz gonna ball!!
yes he is, girls are TOO catty.
LOL
I generally believe corsettery serves to accentuate exposed collarbones, but I agree.
I love that lapel look.
Oh, decisions.
Great book John Maxwells book: 5 levels of leadership
Try Me Hoe
I love my life:
so cool!!
Congratulations!!!!!
Will tune in!
Session presenter, U.S.
Chief of Tech  asst to Pres.
Obama.
lmfao!!!
I feel yas on that one.
What r u doing with yourself?
pep talking
Every year it's the SAME results
you're not fucking cute.
shut the fuck up.
Happy happy birthday !
I hope it's a great one!
Welcome to Cleveland Trent Richardson!!!
People wearings coats in palm beach  it 75 degrees!
come on!
lunch is almost over!
I want to watch charades!
CXO I could use a cookie over here.
just kidding we are gonna chill everyday
My dads bitching about you smoking  btw he's a CPS social worker 
also heard on Marsha you were sick  hope you feel better!
Rammstein easily gave me one of the BEST concert experiences of my live.
They are incredibly talented and engaging!
amahighered social media content plus authenticity makes cents.
nick?!
Schmidt is where it's at!
Nick is too sad for life.
Epic show though.
good place!!!!
I love reading articles about the doctorg wars in Mexico.
Is that weird?
Thanks for the retweetage!
Eh..
Your rapping was lacking....
RT : Rappin to my girl,
Great closing keynote by details coming soon!
nice rebound.
Are they for real ?
Without a arm I spit, Without a arm I spit, Without a arm I spit
I met a lady on Saturday who got a Chinese symbol tattoo on her coccyx.
She thought it said Mysterious but it actually says Constipated.
In the studio working!!!
When I get my paycheck tomorrow I'm spending a good bit of it on nail polish.
I'm such a girl.
One kind word can warm three winter months.
Japanese Proverb.
Warm gloves help too.
Need warm gloves 4 men wsccenter.org/donations.html
IKR nobody should do that!
:
Ugh, my stomach has definitely expanded from the holidays!
Ate my morning protein bar and I'm already hungry an hour later.
ha, if only it unfollowed the right ppl...and moved to unfriend some on FB, too!
:
sounds like a military state to me!
I know?
Laura is definitely slow...
RT : Engage customers in meaningful dialogues to better understand not only what they want, but what they value!
is your date in school
The guy who interviewed Joe on The Edge yesterday was very rude.
Maybe I missed something but how did the initial comment even come up in conversation?
damn usher dies ....
Dats crazy
Ink it on your calendars, Congresswoman Susan Davis will speak at the March 13th Hillcrest Town Council meeting, 7pm.
Healthy Heart will be at the Sankofa Farmers Market today!
There will be kids exercise activities: jump rope, hula hoops  more!
sounds good!
I have a lobster dinner coming!
everyone get hype for the NFL season :D
i can't let the day go to waste
I'm not in Louisiana Filming endersgame ?
Happy with are progress as a team; everyone YouKnowWhoYouAre ATEERA ETC
i gotta see what time ima be done with my workouts tomorrow and see if i head over there
I just had the math final is tomorrow and I haven't been to class all semester doctoram again.
Gross.
Minnesota has 323 million dollar surplus
you're so precious :'
Maryland.
It's about a 1.5 hour doctorve, but we had a blast!
Right at Arundel Mills Mall
One of my greatest regrets is not going on a cross country road trip when gas was cheap.
Try Cooper's Tavern, The Old Fashioned, Sardine or Delmonico's.
Hope you had a good wknd back!
Done: Church, brunch, HungerGames To Do: Target, laundoctor, Salmon dinner
Bout to see what this Netflix is talking bout
Todays just another day for me 
Yes, definitely email her, she's extremely quick!
Thanks to for spreading the word about The Monuments Men, heroes of civilization!
Team Twist been busy!!!
Yes Sir...
RT : as much as I say thank you derek fisher :
Testing this should work
Huntsman seems to be a good guy with good ideas but is the GOP establishment ready for changes?
Cliff diving at the ICA?
Yes please.
FDA alert: Skin Crms Soaps Lotions ...
If mercurous chloride,calomel,mercuric,mercurio,mercury listed stop using product immediately
I miss you so much.
i havent seen you in 7 hours, i might have a mental breakdown.
These texts, ah : haha.
Thanks!!
: I know :c Next time I get a piercing or tattoo you should come with!!
:D and I love it!
It's great lol
I have now less than a week and then Im 30.
Why does it feel like Ive accomplished nothing?
sorry4delay on the fb friend requests!
Just got tired of dirty old men and the most random people so I stopped acceptin requests for a min!
JeanClaude Bradley: There is no such thing as a trusted source.
Woah!
Is it National Dance Like A Chicken Day b/c chickens want to avoid being served w/this?
RT : Happy National Buttermilk Biscuit Day!
Our competitors hate puppies.
Shame on them.
awesome shirts www.TuesdayTees.com
To the equestrian lover in all of us, this unfortunately, REALLY happened to me: Hello 'boss', I have to take a sick day today, a horse ...
where you going north town?
Candles  accessories for your home  deal available thru 1/12/12.
Perfect for cold days.
New customers save an extra 5!
I hear you!
I definitely have a weakness for shoes :
I can't be at Coachella, but I have a pretty good idea what the air smells like right now with doctor and Snoop on.
White watch wanted for my 21st birthday please.
Fat free ranch doctorssing  cucumbers  best invention ever.
:0
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.Anais Nin
The View from TX is spectacular
is my best friend!
:
I adore the Tin Tin books
YAY The centaurs just took Delores Unbridge!!
Power to the people....well, halfpeople anyway.
My allergies are slowly killing me.
Hugh was never the OC.
Only QB coach.
Headed to Toronto.
But firstreally looking forward to a quick trip to Niagara Falls before digging into work stuff tomorrow.
don't you hate it when your trying to go to bed, but you have so much on your mind that you cannot sleep.
ugh!
CantSleep hmu :D
RT: Broncos will land in North Carolina around 11am for Peyton Manning's workout
Double foul?
Wtf?
Ah I wasn't thinking dirty, gosh, cochino!!
Just kidding never mind, idk how to explain what I meant
..studying for my last day of finals..
after tomorrow I'll be stress free from school 'til June!!
AMEN
At the volunteer tent on Rich St between S Third  High St downtown!
Free coffee and donuts.
:
oy that tweet went out with a broken link...and so did the last one GRRRRR
I'm not even a professorssional yet and I have the same experience.
There are only a handful of thoughtprovoking writers, IMO.
Yesterday WTCC 90.7FM broadcast my recordings of Don't Get Around Much Anymore  Body  Soul.
Aloha Springfield, MA!!!!
So...much...talking.
Must...start...doing...
The Adamouski competition is pleased to announce that an extended deadline will be available to artists for the current competition
Must suck to not be able to have an intelligent football conversation without being vulgar.
just like hittingiscontagious, apparently suckingiscontagious as well.
come see us in 311.
Hoya Saxaaa!!
Georgetown just tipped off in the Verizon Center and we're ready for a win
Hanging at cafe moustache.
Trying to do hw and blog for I need home internet; I'm dying.
There are 1,792 steps to the top of the Eiffel Tower
Caleb gne call my phn at damn near 2am like its G !
ewww, wat did i tell u boy !?
Disappointed by the Greys Anatomy finale.
The people who control the library money are not necessarily friends of the library.
Pizza or Pasta?
Pizza is the best!
Um...
newguysarecute That is all.
:
Treadmill time  then downtown : Lookout, Austin  hot women heading your way!!
Ready to discuss 's FLATSCREEN at 's book club tonight.
Just a head's up, I do not take criticism well.
you make being bored look fun...
i couldn't care less
Black Sabbath, Chili Peppers will play Lollapalooza
Reenergize your routine!
Stop in for FREE copies of Muscle  Body and mags.
Tons of great articles, health  fitness tips.
LOVE your blog!!
:
Yes I'm aware I have stitches on my face.
Thanks,
Awesome 4th of July weekend.
Plus, I don't have a hangover ;
YUP!
Very....Flowers in the Attic.
Since then, I've been waffling endlessly to find a title that would be fit for my album.
I looked at all lyrics, song titles...I was stuck.
Some guya were wit the gun on that trail robbing ppl RT : what?
doctorp in tonight for Ladies Night specials!
Countdown to Shilringtons Oktoberfest extravaganza: 17 days!
having a film marathon this weekend...can't wait!!
You nonprofessort guys are always fundoctorising!
for you maybe haha
Congrats on the win today!!
Going for the sweep tomorrow!!
Bruce Irvin, 6'3, 245 pound DE, ran an unofficial 4.43 40yard dash time.
QB's will have a tough time outrunning that.
Love yourself to open your mind to the world.
why is your poker down?
Particularly disappointed using the service when yet again.
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.
Ill give anyone 17 dollars if they bring me a big box of hohos
84page packet for tonight's Board Meeting.
Thinking it could be a late night.
Oh yeah, those are raindoctorps.
Twisting the cap open now.

this lives in that room.
You know I'm right.
I don't have one.
Not sure why I came up.
Just found out that a very popular blogger is opening an Etsy shop with almost the exact same name as mine at almost the exact same time.
Its Mango season!
hell yea they some fuck niggas
that one doctornk messed me up.
Did u ruffie me?
UC Irvine, Stanford set to make cases for volleyball Final Four
Just one of those days.
Yes, would've been good if the Prez could've evolved a day earlier : At least he's in time for Clooney's bash.
or bored,same thing
BBQ: Franklin.
Enjoy Austin!
Yes.
Britpop Mondays starts tonight.
I swear to God I'm never taking anyone's word for anything if it aint in action I don't believe u!
I miss My Reed : He was probably one of thee most attractive guys ever!I woves yew My Fairy Princess : 3 PLUR3
Been reading Tami Roman's mentions.
95 of tweets are blasting her behavior.
Other 5 think she's keeping it real.
WTF?
That's sad.
Ran out of night.
Dinner breakfast at 7am.
Now it's time for bed.
ces show floor is starting to take shape, booths are coming together nicely.
Amazing how much effort goes into the exhibits
yeah, I am glad they closed the school for the weather, people generally don't handle weather events like this well.
Actor, Film Producer, CPA
Best part about game was 's goal.
2nd best part was when a dude proposed to his girl in the members club
Yess!
Next class will be my last class then i get to go home!!
:
I will file that tidbit away in my travel notebook.
GL if you are playing today.
Lemme know and I will virtual rail you.
:
we have a MarchMadness group special for 25.
Includes bowling, food and doctornk!
it's the guiltiest of guilty pleasures.
On the 4th day Christmas has for theeA FUNday package of doctornk specials and their stylin new tshirts for 4!...
RT: Webster stole Elway's lines looked comfortable throwing'' and another important step in the process.'' Come ON!
Ran into my mom's neurosurgeon  NeuroICU nurses awkward?
Or awesome?
Sometimes we forgo being in a relationships because the friendship we have with that person is too important to complicate.
RT : A picture may be worth a thousand words, but like the picture, it's the quality of the words that matters.
Who's all going to The Great Games in Cougar History during Spokane Week with Doba, Derting and Kegel?
Thanks!
RT : If Hollywood wants to go there, then let's see a docudoctorma for Dark End of the Street by Carmen...
Apparently the phones didn't work for Ron Washington.
Asked for a pitcher and got a belly itcher.
for free!?
DC: Jonetta Rose Barras the queen of propaganda!
Where is that article on DOMESTIC VIOLENCE I requested??
Nice karma guyblow.
.
.
You said it wrong its shiloh
blessed indeed!!!
keep me posted.
I'm too cheap to order it and too lazy to go watch it somewhere else.
Tweet me!
You break it, you buy it.
Hell no.
I break it, slowly leave it there  awkwardly walk away.
Hey I'm the magic 36 and I had a surgery when I was 17.
Haven't been able to throw since, hopefully your procedure goes well.
BLACK MAMBA!!!
notice me Ari???
Please follow me!
3
Day was ok, even my night was fun until I checked facebook  then everything went downhill from there.
So im going to sleep
Thanks for the RT!
It seems to me that, in every culture, I come across a chapter headed Wisdom
I'm glad SWS is doing a different hockey movie!
I'm your Buddy.
that's just my game!
in a lost generation, you have to find yourself
i know right
kins getting lucky streak sucks!!!
People that eat Vlasic pickles.
first thing first is doctorms..lol that's the big thing..
the singing part will come..
Why is this happening....
You don't see my wishes coming true, with no ginny meng.
Just finished volunteering, and just got all soaked.
I gotta go get something for lunch now.
Happy Tuesday!
13 yr old kid ran onto the field.
family will be fined 3k.
Still moving today!
Womp
her music its the best
Don't know when I'll get over red home Red Wing jerseys.
I find it odd that our Great Dane is more active when she's sleeping than at any other point in the day.
Cause I'm not :b
RT : : I need a Illustrator or a cartoonist.
Any referrals  Thanks babes!
I appreciate you!
good night
gimme a goal for Nagbe instead of Jack and I have the exact same prediction.
I will rock that harder than hard
Use 22 wide screen monitor with no tabs open or extra tool bars for the full effect
GREAT Job on GoodDeeds!
Good emotional story line!
Wishing for 1 in the box office.
While they are all gems, I think I will follow this Olentip today!
: At work?
Leave early.
OlensTips
Anyone interested in booking a vacation right on the best lake in North America?
Contact now for deals at Jewel Bay Resort!!!
Great chat with this morning...stay tuned for some exciting news!
Screw You cardinals v
Today is gonna be a good day!
No more letting my problems get the best of me!
You too Preacher!
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN aha yeah you know : 
was thinking Parrot AR also
Frankie just handed me The Shizzle
Being home alone is so boring.
Fuck porn and porn stars Cheese and wine turn me on the most.
RT : RT : Cool down  think about Holiday Pops!
Choose seats for Boston Pops at www.bostonpops.org
I love that song!!
Think I'm gonna make my homemade sweet tea for all the guests attending the St.
Bernard Charity event this Wednesday.
Britney
Vancouver's star rising on global special effects stage  Vancouver Sun
I don't know...I like trance, but these are pretty bad.
Think you're better off without in this case.
:
on air with Vincent Bugliosi as he talks abt new book Divinity of Doubt: The God Question on radiokolamerica.com  call in 8186913243
Fun times with
Now if I can find an creative outlet for my love of photography, music, comedy, and cooking, this will be a comprehensive week.
Had another good day...even though Gabe gave me a scare...hes all better!
Think I missed a subtweet...neva been good wit that.
Today was the best it felt all year...
Hopefully tomarrow will be the same...
I really want to know what this big announcement is..
luxurys car looks much nicer stock than hooked up....
There is no right or wrong..only right and left.
Choose whats right for you or take what's left.
SOMEBODY TELL ME WHY LIFE HAS GOT TO BE SO DIFFICULT !
WHEN U HAVE DECIDE BETWEEN STAR BURSTS AND NUTELLA
me either, we should do something later tonight!
I don't know why people don't get that messing around with fracking is so dangerous, toxic fallout aside.
No.
It's my father's travel agent.
I usually go through him because it's easier, and my parents still like being involved.
I don't understand why KU fans seem not to appreciate Bill Self.
He's fantastic!
867 5309.
hey i just met you..
and.this is crazy, but heres my number so call me maybe
I really hope Jelena didn't break up ..
i loved them together they're the best couple out there ..
3
Eating ramen with a spoon is the greatest fucking idea ever!
your invite made me sosososososososo excited for this weekend.
Is it Saturday yet?!?
who winning
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
lol I could never hate you!
On my way in a few minutes.
First Time and I live in VA.
lol
Fuck yeah Ryan!!!!
thanks for following me!
I look forward to showing more of my art with you :
Check out Destinationstravelmagazine.com and the article Avalanche on Lhotse for an adventure travel story like no other!
People of CA: The right called Jerry Brown Gov Moonbeam because he was early supporter of geosynchronous satellites, used today by GPS etc
Nice to see that has received the Twitter Verified checkmark of approval.
it definitely put a smile on my face as I doctoraded the walk to my 8 am
YOU ARE WTF
you were awesome today!
High court's stance could spur immigration laws  Austin AmericanStatesman
Sounds like a great day.
Why is it before I even saw the picture.
I knew what it was.
Fat ass nigga
Sauges: the place where you learn is becoming much less important
Couple weeks left as Lead Pastor of The City's Church Las Vegas!
Would love 2 see u on Easter Sunday.
God has done wonders in the last 2yrs
I've always thought the girl on the box of thin mints looked like Cuba Gooding Jr.
as Radio.
funniest man alive
Its so humiliating when somebody catches you staring at yourself in the mirror...while u have sex with them.
The hardest thing to accept is loving someone and knowing theyll never love you back.
Right, because Rush is such a sex god himself.
Awww Follow Me
i wish school would be over already ugh!
Me mom and dad fight today!!!
War
Wonderful picture...
very nice looking couple!
Hope you both had a great Christmas!
:
Fla is SO waitin on u buddy!!!
Went to Annie's Cafe to eat with my neighbor.
Had my favor waitress wait on us, Dani is a great waitress.
Had a good time, she a lot of fun.
: Brooklyn a little too far
Particpated in event this week: Nic Donofria from IBM doctor Lakhani from Harvard and talking about innov
Single is the life 
Cedar Point on the 25th....
hellyes!
Doing great, thanks Dana, another day of work.
Hope you have a good bday!
Yes!
followed me!
Wisconsin cheese is the BEST  it's too hard to find in Cincinnati.
We get bland, bitter Vermont cheese here
Free concertALAN JACKSON,, ERIC PASLAY set for Sept 21st !!
4th annual Capitol Street Party on Demonbreun!!!!
Not FOX News: What fiction are you relaxing with this weekend?
Tweet us your picks with the tag
My son has Tetralogy of Fallot.
What heart defect does your son have?
Home from latest jaunt.
Tired and trepidatious about what may be waiting for me at work tomorrow.
i'm tweeting so that i can say i've tweeted thrice!!
hi taylor :
Farewell to our very own mike heslin leaving for where else: land of milk and honey.
no, not goshen but sanfrancisco.
you rock, sir.
please don't cry!
Just remember all the memories we created :
what type of filming do u do?
Way to go !
Hope all is well in your neighborhood.
no doubt!
we hope to see you tonight for LIVE MUSIC ft ZachWade  DanHarvey 9pm!
Food  doctornk specials!
Thanks for the suggestions  We'll keep you posted with the development, are you Andoctorid or iOS?
Building my summer course syllabus and coding some interview data.
Yet, it doesn't feel like work at all....
:
Shouts to this guy good morning love
New Promo Coming Today!
Stay Tuned!
just tell me if he's asian or not!
DM me!!!!!
Off to Phoenix for the next gateway course success institute.
great panel, it's all about the love.
Outta sight , outta mind ...
It is May Day almost everywhere in the world except the US.
My projects are all global.
Might as well have taken today as a holiday!
Just 11 more followers  someone gets 20 of free cleaning!!!
Bring us your tired, your huddled masses, your dirty clothes, 200th follower!
Awesome.
Super talented musician.
I'm the new Rowdy Burns.
You don't even know!
At Groves we provide evolving levels of care to suit both highly functioning residents as well as those who require more intensive care.
Thanks for the review!
Frankly I think all these misogynistic homophobic Teabag types are closet K, wanting to step up the white baby factories.
KU basketball on ESPN, replay of Georgetown KU game on ESPNU....
: I will cross the ocean for a Big Mac wtf!
you wont making eating that shit
Now at Fred Jameson's talk on aesthetics politicsthe singularity.
responding with the UCDavis pepperspray incident to start
Where was Bo Queen to call that post up illegal screen on Vandy?
Stop in LUCI all week and pick up our FREE NEW REWARDS CARD.
Great for discounts and freebies everytime you shop!
XOXO!
Thanks for the follow friday, Tony.
Hope you have a great weekend.
Old friends at webseries premiere last nightHot apple cider in union sqdiner w/Artim NYC I see you soonly.
Do not lose heart and despair if you don't succeed in fulfilling all the good that you would wish: if you've fallen,try to rise up again
Well, billboards aren't going up yet The lawyer will fight us on appeal.
Deep pockets but no taste.
first week of May.
A's and O's.
RT Jury selection starts in one hour.
No phones in the courtroom, so no tweets til lunchtime.
See you then.
I've already dubbed Doss as Boldin's successor.
Didn't get much playing time last year because of his inability to play special teams
ughh i need my backpack from marias house !
Amen beautiful!
I really don't.
it wasn't Hatley though.
it started with an S I think
via twitter.
Carrie underwood is the most beautiful being on this earth lol
Betta got get sine back up get up.
m yes keep booing kovy
Sub dis period  nxt, great way 2 end the day
still working on my lit term project and I haven't started math
Rosacea.
Not herpes.
Its rosacea.
but how many overtimes?
OTMonster is hungry.
I thought you was gone call me back!!
yes my love!
Sleeping all day, waking up feeling like a noodle.
you are now the Kueen of Twittergraphics!!!
in Chicago last night...
speechless!
3
Yay!
Im all happy now!
Congrats!
: 6 VA Wineries medal in San Diego  Barrel Oak, Gray Ghost, Ingleside, Jefferson, Keswick,  North Gate!
VAWine
i stopped pounded hookers
Looking forward to IMATS next weekend!
Can't wait!!
Thanks for taking time to follow Would like to learn more about ur books
Make Sure you Follow Our Official Twitter
nah i been extremely busy ,between music and moving
These ppl in my hood r so ignorant.
Can't get out off there car to call someone.
They just keep blowing there horn.
this means our ticket will ONLY be available on the I heart app.
no other app will work :
Visions incomplete are finally being tuned; awaiting the second phase of realization and the advancement of conceptual representation.
Bad hair day?
Lol
Boats are zooming down new circle.........;
Seriously excited about this NFL doctorft!
What will do tonight?
Can't wait to see if there will be trades in this first round!
I don't like it when people talk behind ur back;
Listened to on Week in Startups podcast.
story was pretty good when I heard it in the dorm room; even better 5 yrs later!
I want unknown
YOU ROCK.
Give Roby a punch in the arm for me lol.
i just tell the truth so if you cant handle that ,then so be it
dilemma dilemma....
: Craving the feeling of jumping through freshly raked leave piles.
autumn fucksummer autumn is the best season.
Who Put the Bop In The Bop Sh Bop Sh Bop?
Making preparations to launch CareerOyster ...
stay tuned for more details.
The world is your Oyster...be the pearl!
Shooting comp card stuff today with Dominic.
I always love shooting in the rain.
time to go in......get there
yiy ready now
oh god !!
it doesnt look like you :P love ya !!
Gig tonight was great!
that's 6 against 1 Emma, that means nothing.
I watch it on every road trip.
Like call Amanda.
For sure there are alternatives.
I wonder if anyone will actually use them and totally forgo Google products though.
Feels empty.
loves life :
Boosie Actually Got A Verse On Birdman And Mack Maine Song Called TheFam.FreeBoosie.And Its Really Him Rapping 2 He Went Hard.Problems.
Have a good Friday everyone :D
Justin Notice Me 
Make relaxation and renewal your New Years Resolution!
Come by Riviera Spa today!
Beak trimming bc too close quarters.
Killing males bc they don't need them.
Those are the final 2 pieces.

If you fuck with me then pray for me.....
I don't ask shit from my friends.....
Just pray.
Went to sign up for a new ISP and their website is unable to complete online orders, live chat also unavailable.
Nice
So many great opportunities just wasted.
I couldve met the when he was in LA i could've gone to WangoTango and Justin...
Glad to hear it!
Lol yay Ariana is tweeting from my twitter....
My tweets are gonna go up!!
I think tami just need some good dick!!!
Cool!
Per your meeting today?
everyone knows orange is the best.
followed by yellow.
We've been on a panel together and known each other for a while on the antislavery circuit.
Just bought a bb app for 2, it didn't even install  it hasn't given me my money back?
remember: YOU control the machine.
It does not control you.
; 
OK, let's try that again.
Honestly, I thought that last instance came up way too fast.
I should have the chance to try one in the next few weeks.
Very interested, especially at the price.
Will report once I try it.
great thanks!
you?
xx
please tell me you're gonna come see us at Analog Bar for their industry night Nov 28!!
Tonight was actually a doctoram.
Nina asks: Are you greedy or generous?
Ideally, you should be both, if greed is to find ways to make museums engaging.
What a 9th inning!
I went for a smoothie, and the Royals scored 6 runs.
snowed in and thankful to have my electicity.....
the challenging part is to start writing.
It is not easy
NFLdoctorFT...how to read through the BS is the key...I think the first 6 are solid...Jags could do anything...still like Ingram there...
Off to a good start thanks to the upgrade.
It pays to be a loyal customer.
Next stop JFK.
Be careful what you search engine.
PS: make sure you tell Dan just how much you want Mandy back!
iWantMandyBack ftw!!!!
:
I laugh when I hear people say the Avengers is too long.
Those are the same people that don't think twice about spending 6 hours on FB.
So, yeah.
I tried it on Sunday, get the meat down first, and quickly!
I need a second to breath
I hate when people judge other people's relationships so dumb
it wasnt meant for both of them it was meant for his virginity and ONLY his virginity he still wore it whule he was with jasmine
Back to Iron Man, which teaches us that real science happens when one person has unlimited resources and the proper inspiration!
committed nothing short of improv blasphemy onstage tonight.
he is an improv heretic.
hopefully he survives the improv inquisition.
i need a new professorle pic...
but idk like this this one...
hm
Hm trying out Spotify and have to say it blows Pandora away.
Far fewer repeats, better selections.
ha!ha!
I'm actually excited to show a house in the East Mountains!
I never thought I'd say something like that in my life!
I wish delivered!
When there is a long line at the coffee counter and you get complicated, unspeakable things need to happen to you.
oh!
Well, that's even better advice then!
A mini one...it's 70F right now....but we have a crosswind with the windows open....so we are good S
how can i get my crush to like me hmm
you iz weird!
:D
DOUGHN'T GO IN THERE.
I am about to purge my Facebook page of about 100 likes sounds like a fun way to spend an evening.
Marry me and I'll never look at another horse!
Groucho Marx
Nervousness in Kentucky hasn't been this high since the first Civil War
He also has a bumper sticker on his computer that says Who is John Galt?
So, there you go.
nice.
Where are u located
Lol my seafoam green Mountain Dew Baja Blast is the same color as my shorts.
Happy Follow Friday Jeydon!!!!!
Maybe I could get a follow!!!
PLEASE!!!!
:
If you have any questions, please feel free to tweet us!
good luck!!
Good Luck today seeking the sweep
Going to see the wild cows of vermont
Im not going try and be your friend anymore.
You are going to have to earn my friendship from now on.
thanks, they were great!
hope to see you again soon!
omg hold up qurl, I have like the same ones!!
postmeeting: I doctornk two large glasses of orange juice.
My dog viciously growls at neighbor's set of animatronic lawn reindeer.
im misterreckless with a capital R
I meant real email addoctorss, so I can use more than 140 characters.
sorry, it's not my fault everyone else has to pee at the same time as you.
maybe don't doctornk so much beer?
Is it wrong that I have a cartoon crush on Violet?
Is Ah Straight Stranger .
I'm just used to at least 20GB.
Less than that means I have to be more discriminating with what i put on there.
i like options!
When will Roenicke realize that Loe is not an 8th inning guy?
Brewers stink.
That itch you get on the top of your foot after you put your shoes on.
Awkward moment when u look up n see something at the wrong time even if it wasnt meant to be like that
I like it.
Lol no I definitely did not!
We had a mellow trip.
No doctor humping the floor for us!
Every day I find yet another reason to be happy about switching over to a Mac and another reason to love my Mac Air.
My monorail is 50 years old.
That's a good number to stop at.
Can we tear it down please?
Let's face it: it's kind of shitty.
Matusz made Hamilton look silly during that at bat.
He who makes himself a dove is eaten by the hawk.
Italian Proverb
Off to University of Wisconsin for the first of 4 speaking engagements!
Go Ash Ash!
she so cute
what are yhur plans for todaii!???
Great meeting today, looking forward to working together!!
Whoever blocking your blessings, YOU need to block out of your life.
livistithramblings, life, relationships,
Thank you Deb!
That really means a lot!
Milwaukee Ballet  The Nutcracker 3 Day Sale runs through Wednesday.
Get all the magic at a fraction of the price!
www.milwaukeeballet.org
Wow!
What a game!
did you read my  personalmessages that I've sent you.
So now Real Estate Connect is the Inman Data Summit?
OMG!!!
What's next?
brio flatiron Obama is down the block.
Stop by for a plate of pasta mister President
Its hot af in this bitch  not feeling it
Feed me
so glad you enjoyed the concert!
The kids have been working very hard.
Hope to see you around!
watching music vids : u?
Food hits floor Little germs: GET IT!!!
King Germ: NO!
We must wait 5 seconds!!!!
keep ur head up.
Do work.
U be back before we know it!
P.S.
is doing a fantastic job on pregame stuff.
He's articulate and quite frankly adorable.
:
We hope everyone has a wonderful holiday surrounded by family and friends!From everyone at Locust Productions
It has been a great year had fun playing with all you guys!!
ryanmo2187
Job hunting ....
HOLY MAC AND CHEESE!
XD
Retweet for a cause.
Each retweet sends 2 towards lifesaving heart research  education from s.
dang!
Are they just getting frustrated or what?!
Lookin at my mentions and all i see is my girlfriend beautiful facee 3  :
Omg found out stuff I really didn't need to know I would have been happy to find out 3 months from now
Please call us at 18009474033 so we can follow up.
Sorry to hear about the poor service you received!
Not yet : I snuck off to the health fair after your talk, but hopefully you're still around when we return
Come on by the 10th Annual Spring Bazaar today and tomorrow 9a4p Over 70 vendors, with arts  crafts, deals, prizes, and so much fun!
People...
CrossFit Harlem was rough this morning.
SYN is no joke!
Hey lady!
So proud for you today!
You rock!
I haven't found the right guy;
if you think that all I can say is what a fool believes
A hug is like a boomerang  you get it back right away
I'm down to fight !
Sometimes I wish I wasn't dating a senior
congrats on SNL!
Don't miss Backbeat's FREE nightSundayWe The GranadaPygmaeus
does this include Cowboy poetry?
haha
Chinese food3
lol nope not yet
thank you very much for the shoutout!
I am glad you liked it!
Let me check out your comment and respond :
oh, trust us.
We are.
it's on.
jasper of course
say what?
Don't wait sign up now and get a free class
Obviously watching Elf on USA.
That awkward moment when you realize 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope  Johnny Cash.
Now we have no Jobs.
Now we have no Job..df Job
Just learned happy hour is illegal in the state of Illinois.
wow didn't realize you and were on twitter...
Hey Folks!
What are we talking about this evening?
lolololol why though, im excited to see you
Learn about C history at Breakheart  Wicked Local
This weekend H.S.
Hoops  Looking at 2012 ESBC nominees Zack Elcano, and Marcus Knight
Thank you so much for following
Have you told someone about If All Else Fails Productions today?!
I like to think of this as jewelry for your home
I'm god I don't have school anymore hahaha :
Congress finally passed the Local Community Radio Act on Saturday evening.
lrnchat always but then you run into encoding and decoding issues so skill set of learners need to be on par
dinner sat is perfect for me!
My sleep schedule is so messed up.
Just woke up!
:D
I'm so dumb for leaving all this hw to do right nowww !
:
Dean: dammit, i look like one of the blues brothers.
Sam: aww no you dont.
U look more like a 7th grader at his first dance.
I have it:
we'll be on Friday night to watch the season 1 finale.
Join us!
Adida won that battle.
Rexy Ryan is the cuter one of the Ryan Twins
ok talk to me then; 
Seattle Fats Writers group meets tomorrow night in the lounge, 79pm.
the trench coat is back baby lol
hm, ok.
Hope it's fixed soon.
xoxo
Stitchy Sundays is having the day off to celebrate mothers.
The Ace Hardware we opened.
????
RT : Are they giving out the little whistles like they used to?
This weekend make sure to watch   some of the most thoughtprovoking TV out there!
FF ,
Let us know when you'll be in : RT : You're on!
Wanna meet at Twin Anchors some weeknight?
Or ...
Well Brunch is up!Sahara toast,Moroccan tarts,Biscuits with Egg,bacon,tomato,Breakfast Sandwiches,Fresh Granola,fat free yogurt,french toast
Some kids live to hold a gun, to shoot somebody.
That's the only way they know, all they think about.
Thank you to Senator Menendez's Office for meeting w/ Ed  Tom to discuss Muskie program and other
I'm so sorry to the folks that got that stupid spam text from me.
My twitter account has obviously been hacked.
Don't click on the link!
No one deserves to go through what she went threw

love that one, too!
I'm having second thoughts about the cactus wrestling contest.
that's a different story entirely, but you said a million blankets and covers.
Boom.
He is not here; for He is risen, as He said.
Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
Matthew 28:56.
Katt Williams and Will Ferrell
NO BOO!
We are going to buy a tent  stalk 1 direction the whole day!
Video Shoot 8:00 pm at Triple A!!
Come make a Cameo!!!!
First 10 ladies get Free Smooth!!!!!
no le muestres el pan a Los hambrientos!
:P
Sorry, it was at Leff's Lucky Town.
Don't worry, check in the next two days from 11 to 1 for more chances to win the gift card.
Correction.
Hookah Bar and My Bed.
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare  hotel!
RT this  follow me and !!
I be texting back slow as hell.
Lol.
i could totally run 10km in 100 hours..
that's not hard at all man
just had football practice
Come with me by yourselves to a quiet place and get some rest.
Jesus Mark 6:31 NIV
Yes!!
Great idea.
Ew no he's too ugly
No one ever eats their own food, we always end of mixing all of our lunches.
lmfao , ,  twitterless Julie 3
In uncertain times, we must lean on our faith.
Trip to Sally Bell's for box of cupcakes.
Cupcakes: 8; the joy of getting a 40 parking ticket: priceless.
Rainy ass nights 
Shouldn't it be the other way around ;
What a game!
lmfao why u always ranking ?
If I hadn't been so lucky I'd be, shootin' pool in my bachelor pad.
Playing bass in my cover band.
Reading is the best vocab exercise!
I promise!
My students don't believe this  will you?
I have a penchant for tomfoolery, it's in my mischievous nature, so I apologize for any discomfort I have caused you.
Weird ass ppl s reaming out my window
idk it has to be a good movie though!
oh yes, one million congrats!
sending over lady lovin.
Yes, It's here again!
Happy Friday All, let the weekend begin ;
Join one of the fastestgrowing law firms in Boston as their Conflicts Analyst!
The firm is actively seeking an experienced candidate to j
...houses in the neighborhoods.
Nice.
A3: Email for elaborate communication.
Social Media for engagement and relationship building.
Life is too good not to live with grace.
I duly apologise for my Canyon....
So to speak
Sister sleeping in my bed means no MikeMike this morning.
How will I know what's going on in the world?
Love the new music video guys!
The second season really is a lot better.
Ron Swanson alone makes it worthwhile!
I'm alright..
In milwakee heading for Manhattan!
lost the gloat factor today as it's the same weather  temp in Los Angeles as it is in Nottingham....
not a happy camper...
PlayBook sold out in India as festive sale gives RIM tablet rare boost
These storms are wicked really need someone to cuddle with anyways follow me

Saw Mazzy at the most incongruous show ever: them, Jesus  Mary Chain  Velvet Crush.
Great show, tho
I think it's funny when a girl can beat a guys ass
Jumpball gives it back to Panthers...steal by Nored, foul by Ryan Allen.
Dogs have it down one 5:00 to play
listening to 1D while trying to finish a history project at 4 a.m.
Going to visit what is hopefully our new office this morning!!!
AAAAAHHH!
same here.
I love this show...
Same day I learn about my awesome tax return, fools rip off my debit card!
Partly my fault, but still so uncool.
I think it was after seeing the movie wild things that I knew I had lesbian tendencies
Just how can a game end in a doctorw?
Zach Brown Band on pandora radio is amazing!
To know the power in your thoughts  words , means you grasp the secret of a quiet center.Me
You are only what you want to be :P
But I can't wait, because I have a great committee.
Thanks Great presentation.
WOW  this week we were in Arizona doing photo shoots, back in NY teaching, working and doing parties.
SO BUSY  but loving it!
:
hate hate hate.
A bunch of community servicedoing thugs with 3.5 GPA's huh?
Haha.
Its a content farm: : the tabloidesque tech articles are so bad.
embarassing notnews linkbait
About to hit tha studio
REDVINES are the SHIAAAAAT!!!
Red, Black, Grape!!
Are there more flavors??!
insidecongress Well done!
Great job BW  crew
Immortals was pretty good tho...so epic it makes me want get into some trouble tonight
Boone's solo shot in the bottom of the 11th gave the Yankees a 65 victory over the Red Sox.
It also won the Yankees their 39th AL Pennant.
RT  Miami Dolphins cheerleaders  Best in the NFL
i think i am going to cry.
see you there!
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
James Beard
Our 2010 Pinot Noir fruit has arrived safely from California!
Winemaking season has officially begun!
Someone busier than you is exercising right now.
Take your healthcare into your own hands and do what can prevent many diseases...EXERCISE!

Thanks for the follow, excellent service via twitter!!
so wats up
I had a cool idea for Taxi Shit
praying for a speedy recovery.
better losing by one than six or seven points
My work building has been converted to the Allegheny Civic Building for the filming of Steel Town!
what's up stranger...lol
dont let the name fool ya...we from the hood...where we eat greedy daily come round our hood n dallas, tx n get merked pussy ass niggaz
Mixing Mucinex D with Zyrtec D.
We
definitely.
Also, congrats on the promotion to Philly!
Two years hosting in a row, nicely done :
I don't know, removing words from vocabularies sounds rigid and inflexible.
Just sayin' :
Why is Rick Santorum emailing me 3 times day all of the sudden.
Anyone else get this recently?
Obama, get off my TV.
you're interrupting Jeopardy.
thanks for the follow!
No.
hosts SmackoffOnAMobile tomorrow on 1560am The Game in Houston.
Check it out.
Epic.
What I wish I'd had for lunch.
Q: What is the difference between Windows 95 and Windows 98?
A: 3 years
People post locationspecific jobs to all the time.
Imagine Robert: Katy Perry is so hot.
Austin: I know is.
smiles doctoramily Robert: Err, I said Kat Austin: Shutup.
ReplaceDemiSongsWithTits Get back Get tits
To celebrate 76ers win buy 4 beers for 28 bucks tomorrow night Phil's game from number 77 only
Great to see at meeting tonight.
Let me into your world
I seriously cannot wait for  ' new band.
I need my family back in my life.
Who's coming out to see us this week?
We're waiting!
Rebooting my Mac fixed the An unknown error occurred problem after the 2.1 upgrade
loving my life.
amazing how good everything looks after a yummy family dinner!
schoolmemories...riding a trolley..riding on the back of beer wagons to earn dough and history was my favorite subject..
it is
What's my favorite cheap wine?
I'm always quick to answer: anything by Hahn Estates, esp.
their Merlot Central Coast 2007
Working with buyers Joe  Katie this morning and then volunteering at Moore Place w/DiVAs Charlotte this afternoon!
I updated 7 reference handouts today.
I think I can eat my lunch now.
Whew
Our Webseries: Smoking is an Official LA Webseries Festival Selection!!!!!!
Congrats everybody!!!!!!
Can't wait to attend!
RT : EB 275 closed between Reagan Highway and Colerain for rollover crash with ejection
Just got a teacher to say I spank myself!
you should check out smuggler's cove.
they give you doctornks in skulls.
Finished writing the outline to novel today, a total of six pages single spaced.
Yes, I can finish writing it now.
Downloaded the jimmy johns apps for going out purposes.
will do!
we have puppy formula for pups, kitty formula for kittens, and bird formula for birds...but what do you give rat pups?
that is the question.
it is a great day to b alive n b blessed!
Charles and Baltimore be ready to eat we will be there by 11 and until 2....
Plenty of Lobster today let's eat :
I had an amazing weekend.
Smitten!
coffee, hot tea or hot chocolate?
tk11...point is that pedagogy of adult learning hasnt in fact changed.
What has changed are the technologies to enable, enhance, learning
Last but not least, and remember these are just some tips to get you going
gotcha thanks, i know there was a former NYRB winger with same name, about 5'10, but i guess thats not him
Cruel Intentions was a weird but good movie.
Why can't the cute boy on the plane ever sit next to me.
Like in the movies.
Where you at cillian murphy!
Exxon's 4Q professort Surges 53 Amid Higher Oil Prices
The good news is.
The no was hopeful.
Love your background pic!
awfully strange  still happening?
and it was beautiful to watch.
Aiden will be starting with a new O.T.
tomorrow.
I hope he likes her : autism occupational therapy
It's ok.
All my Yankee Tweeps aren't paying attention yet.
Start your thanksgiving break off right with some Owls Hoops.
Rice vs.
Florida AM at 7 PM in Tudor tonight!
Thanks for the RT!
We're pumped!
RT : We also officially have a hashtag for everyone to use  are you ready?
It's MDFF12!
kermitflail
You know the game has changed when you 6'10 wing throws and alley oop to your 6'2 PG
even more excited now to attend this saturday.
Amesdebate was hot!
So excited
Now if we could just get Teague and lamb back....
Another day in the books.
what im about to tweet right now, is also a
oh really?
Aww :
Have your students Google themselves to see if they have a digital footprint.
tell Carrie hello for me and get a twitter!
that awkk moment when hes on skype and all those memories of certain convos start coming back...
RT : When you turn 21, you can legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 15.

Great question!
We recommend speaking to the front desk staff.
They are trained on identifying the best therapist for a person.
Good morning Atlanta, it's a lil wet out there, keep doctor!
If you need help placing any orders, don't hesistate to give us a shout!
On my way to
Mark Zuckerberg calls it 15.5 billion.
Guess who's laughing harder?
Nothing quite like delivering Junot Diaz's phrase one guru motherfucker to 70 of Vienna VA's finest writergrandparents.
I love my job.
Thanks for the shoutouts !
almost always.
makes a blanc of Pinot under the Novy label.
And of course used in champagne.
Wouldn't that be overlake?
RT : Uh, Canada isn't overseas RT : Is this our second punter from overseas?
no names, keep it under the table
On TwitterFall, you can halt the feed while you're trying to catch up.
i work with prosthetic patientswhich i love.
But u hear the funniest things....things i thought id never hear in my entire life...
I heart Bean Sprouts on my salad at tweetheart I love to share a great salad with Grand Baby Spencer.
maybe tonight.
I didnt know Augustus Gloop goes to UWM.
I guess he needs the degree to get a job after he didnt win the Wonka Factory.
who you calling silly??
Cuz u betta be calling us SKC Doughboys....silly cus it's all we do
Summer please come soon 3
Somewhere out there someone is thinking of YOU!3
Remember when going to Whole Foods or the Mall was an eventful thing to do in our day?
Let's not go back there.
Mediocrity is more comfortable than failing at achieving excellence.
Seeing someone reach higher than their current grasp is pretty rare.
The Smithsonian Latino Virtual Museum's immersive learning, online community in Second Life  effective or not?
Earthquake?
Just thought the parking ramp I was in was shaking from some of the people here
when spam bots offer blog crits: I liked reading your submit.
Got 2 be honest tho the first thing I read on yr weblog was kind of messy
Man i hate computer tech
If u get a chance.
Stop by my page.
I guarantee it'll put a smile on ya face.
GOD bless.
100
I am glad the Vikings are staying, but I will never buy an electronic pulltab to help them build it.
incredibly underwhelming and disappointing, yet very predictable talk from Pearson.
Such a lazy product offering
Beware if you have your stuff at on aurora.
7 breakins this month.
Get your stuff out before it's liberated for you.
talking about and giving props to
Rest, and courage.
That's what I need for my journey today.
Lord FatherSonSpirit God, hear my prayer.
wait....idk if I like that or not...
lol
we love you baby!
I think I've got it!
The tweet I just sent that u RTd should do the trick!
That's what I put in my pimping tweets already!
:
I once met a fellow named Charlie he then proceeded to hand me a door knob and said the forest is far.
He then walked away.
icr12 thank you organizers for fine sustenance for breakfast and lunch
Jocelyne Daw will be signing her book Breakthrough Nonprofessort Branding from 45pm today!
'Between the stimulus and the response, there is a space, and in that space lies our power and our freedom'Victor Frankl via Tara Brach
i shit on niggas thats why i rap wit a diapper on
everyday after 6 
hahaha catnip scores...
crash.test dummy...
well crashes and smith gets a penalty.
Welcome to the world of Penn State alumni.
Your Scepter of HighMindedness is in the mail.
Oh work you never surprise me ..
Guy that said oh where to you workout, your so fit it's not working I don't want your old ass
Bummed by razor burn?
3step regimen to the rescue!
Get 20 off shaves during May w purchase.
got a job:
Favors, great pick up!
Marion is done, keep an eye on Tristan Thompson on Cleveland!
RT Any early season pickups?
Lame, aren't we?!
We'll make a point to not suck so much this week.
Thought you might!
;
Did you see Titanic3D this weekend?
I'm thinking yes...
Dont ever bring chicken round me
Shout out to my cousin Laken on her college graduation from MSU!
And acceptance to grad school.Good job!
yep I make good similies
RentGaslamp.com now offering Fall rental specials
which ones did you get?
I'll have to check my Rx for the PD measurement, I didn't think about it...
Yeah, what he said.
RT : Not sure git add p is any faster than my trusty cp/edit/commit/mv algorithm, but it sure feels bad ass.
Boston U community mourns loss of 3 classmates: The class of 2012 is leaving college with something that many graduates since the sta...
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
8HOURS !!!!
LEGGOOOO !!!
68
bout time
yeah.
Isn't Randle wearing the same  as Manningham?
that breaks my prediction but I'm glad it does lol
I had a great time last night  the Soho Film Fest awards!
:
It was a nice gesture.
Make sure everyone stays respectful!
And as always, you are too, too humble.
Yes.
Yes at least you didn't say the Fword!
: hehe
T2 weeks until the Spring/Summer Catalogue is available!
Book your party now with wklessevolution and get first dibs on all the new scents
what I find amazing is when people put QR codes on their sites.
Just like people that use URL shorteners outside of twitter.
Nice!
RT : YES!!!!!!
on contract at GH.
NO ONE is happier than me right now.
Congrats darling.
Great news!
Dont fear failure so much you refuse to try new thingsThe saddest summary of a life contains 3 descriptions:could've,might haveshould've
congrats you crazy!
For real?
Where u at?
Im here.
lol
Good news Vikings fans...new stadium deal is done.
Vikes have a new home for next 30 years!
When Martin Luther rejected Catholicism  started the Protestant Reformation, did he envision there'd be different types of Lutherans?
Thank you to Alisha Tierney of U Can Own A Home, she sent us one of her vacant listings!
We are excited to get it HIT Caretaker Occupied!
Yikes!
That's disturbing.
I can't imagine opening a vanilla email like that, much less a submissive email.
Been working on some big changes for this year!!
Thanks for your patience...stay tuned!
Haha no much  you?
Thanks for the follow!
me on a nice day
Any suggestions for a new video for me to record???
a walk to remember is too cutee.
You try to resolve conflict but what do u when yer voice of concern, u feel turns into a nuance?
oh ok.
So why have you only tweeted me and I'm the only one you follow?
I stopped poking cause i was tired ; but he still wants to poke.
AARP?
Oh my!
Bright side is your data being present in their database obfuscates the accuracy any other conclusions about you.
' lmfao nasty self
It was a pineapple somethingorother.
How are things going over at ?
Now THAT is some food I can't wait for!
it's the most unprofessorssional thing I've seen.
Half the time he is joking about his dad and translating what he says to English
go spurs go my man
Pacers are gonna win this series
that is great to hear will be starting tomorrow!
Anaheim series, get to come out to CA.
HA
On the shuttle w/ and many others to rally for libraries!
In retrospect, knowing I was semisick and spending Sat.
getting rowdy in Nashville anyways was probs not smart...sinus infection deserved
bet that up bro!
Thanks for the invite.
ONLY 28 HOURS TO DONATE TO HELP SAVE OUR FILM!!
www.indiegogo.com/thefateofphoenix GET A NEW Ipad2 with a 5 donation
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 33
i love the theater such a wonderful place!!!!!!
What a miserably muggy day today  but on the plus side, the commuters at w Baltimore looked great despite running shoes
Heard Call On Me in the car this morning.
Instantly thought f you.
ESPN Classic is starting them tonight.
With raised prices you might be
well hello there stranger ;
At a verizon wireless store explains to a rep how an iPad data plan is supposed to work.
Kill me now.
Nap time.
Been up all night.
Quick Z's then a few errands..
Eventually making way to DJ at LOCAL SIXTEEN Come o.
By tonight!
Yes Del Zotto
10FactsAboutMe 5: I've dealt with depression, and almost gave in.
If it weren't for the Boyz I wouldn't be here.
I only make you laugh to see your boobs bounce.
Just came to the realization that Im dating a guy with tattoos, piercings  a mohawk.
I am my grandmother's worst nightmare.
marc cartwright photography, he did my headshots he is pretty awesome
Not as good as Simple Plan, tho.
Yes!
That thing might be worth something one day.
I think that was 
Why do I keep making out with girls with big noses?
I keep getting poked in the eye.
retweeting or answering back would make my day3
I didnt know till a few hours ago that kim K have so much breast...lol..:
It would be awesome if a social networking guru would follow me and tell me how to gain more followers.
It's tragic really, absolutely tragic.
Although I will be relaxing on the beach in the OBX so I think I MIGHT get over it!
;
No more fish tacos!!!
So sad!
I'm open Friday though.
Except in the case of buying an expensive dog.
Then you are poor again.
But so much happier!
:p
Not as much bike traffic in Irvington, but it is here!
This is the first time in a long time that I've ever cried like this.
Hey, Guess What?
It's Raining.
Again.
no, now we go for burgers and beer.
i am irreversibly ignorant

Mixing a Space Attack song on which you played guitar today.
Fun stuff!
thank you it is big, and i love it.
A little gloom is underrated.
I find it much more romantic than sunshine.
totally one of best parts of working at home, but also can go terribly wrong.
haha
I love you to
What comes from the heart, goes to the heart  Samuel Taylor Coleridge
I agree stop spending on war planning,do we need an empire?
Bob
I just parked in the expectant mother parking spot to run into the package store...
Nothing is right about this tweet!
lol ik but its so good!!
so am i, but why does it matter if they want to get married?
If they're happy, that's all that matters.
cool been rehersing with band all day...
Who's the most appropriate person to contact at your management's company?
:
Good morning All : Going to take some Class today!
Hoping to bump into friends xoxo
comedian Chris Elliot had a standup schtick in the '80s in which he opened a can of Alpo and ate it.
Mucho Mango Arizona
There is surely a difference.
But IMHO, you cant be useful without being usable.
And if you are usable and not useful, what a waste.
fingers crossed!!
Lol
If you juggle my kindness im going to assume you are a clown
cereal is for anytime nigga.
if I eat both now I won't be hungry until tomorrow.
Lol .
Gardening tip of yester years  www.myfreegenealogy.com share your gardening does  don'ts
Here's Gwyneth Paltrow...singing country...ugh.
Also, she looked terrified.
taxes, done.
Thanks
Anyone ever have a product with an item ordered from  I got an iPhone case and it didn't fit right
You know sometimes it's ok to not participate in annoying internet memes.
And what the hell is a meme anyway?
why is your face so attractive?
It's not fair.
Just a reminder to all my Soccer watching followers..todays UCL Game is on FX, not FSC...
: I need tires too!!!
you rock!
My train thanks you.
Hoping for November!
We should have it firmed by mid April!
Follow to stay updated!
I love and They keep it real!
I would definitely be with them.
naw im straight
Don't gamble with Jason on this game, he is a hustler...
but if you do
when will you have a free froyo for nonprofessort employees day in DC??
You dont understand how many fabulous people we got down here in banditvill right now
It feels good to not give a fuck
That going to b interesting....RT : Im goin wit him
San Antonio this Weekend for Severed Ties  Christmas Party!!
Cant flipping wait!!
Its going to defiantly go down!!!
Busy Busy Busy!
Friend asks how can avoid becoming president.
Easy: he's ineligible, having been born on Krypton.
Canada libraries' 18million eyes/yr on their websites got the attention of publishers regarding eBook ventures
Wow, the conclusion to Castle's 2parter was...underwhelming.
said Gretchen is a jack of all trades;master of none.
But, that's just what the haters say.
LOL
Working the day away at Creative Density Coworking
Some ppl can say the meanest things and not even know theyre hurting someone!
The next award at the Embassy of South Africa, Washington D.C Freedom day goes to mister Harry Belafonte!!
I know because I read...Your mind is not a cage.
It's a garden.
And it requires cultivating.
has a new favorite restaurant.
buffalo wild wings :
Praying for you as you write!
Schedule a massage for the weekend to destress from yiour busy, hectic week.
Missed you at the FTDNA conference!
.
their is no
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
Slowest day of life!
No quince.
The espresso gelato was fantastic, though.
And passion fruit sorbet.
Gary Allan has a song with the same title.
Happy Friday!
Ready for more snow?
Agree!
impressed by of at WOMCC: Insights on how to deal w/negative word of mouth!
Customer service
Hifive of the day: if u travelled completely without using or borrowing gas
Just for our wonderful CHIchat friends  Stop by anytime this week and say Shop  to get 10 off your tab!
When people say fuck you, I yell back no you fuck me!
hahah I'm scared
I'd rather be doing pt
when they do, it's usually on a piece of dog shit.
Hell of a trade off.
: i saw your tweet on my computer, that's why.
I love boobies and i want to see some boobies!!:
Matt Weiner with another writing credit.
4/4 this season?
Urban Dictionaryit!
I know you're being facetious!
hands u a stack go to the store for me lil nigga
Watching unusual partnerships create beautiful things.
Robert Plant and Alison Krauss for starters.
More to come...
At Jewel City Diner with //
congrats on emmy nod  officer down
Keep Warm tonight with our CHICKEN POT PIE served with ALL WHITE MEAT, ASPARAGUS, BABY CARROTS, PEAS
I'd've made a great New Yorker: The look on people's faces when I blow past them as they're waiting for the crosswalk to turn ...
priceless!
My 1st single is coming up this year.
It's called Flyin' so high you guys are gonna love it.
You know I'm friends with and .
Didn't see the movie, but good friends of mine.
This liking a guy thing is Difficult.
I think I just need to smoke a bowl on it.
i know thats why it would be at my moms
ah thank you!!
I owe you snuggles for this!
99 people feel uncomfortable when the tv volume is an odd number
Except more lispy due to the fat tongue.
Today has been pretty good
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Haha...true!
RT : There's only so much consolation that can be had from I don't have to water the garden Enough rain already.
Xmas tree mulching MonSat entire month of Jan from 9 am to 2 pm at the Reedbird Ave doctorpoff Center
nope hahaha respect this man.!
But of course!
Sounds terribly fun.
So fun you are probably done and onto some other alien task.
:
donut would be worse.
Try lite or whipped cream cheese.
; hugs
How much?
Thanks!
I feel liberated and only slightly nervous
It's a shame that the next three seasons are so wildly inconsistent
Christmas shopping dis ye is a lil harder....kids older and more picky.....
: Rep.
Cheri Gerou has already committed to sending civilunions out of Approps and to the House floor.
coleg
this might be the closest definition of clutch i've seen; see the end of the article.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE follow she tweets you every morning and night and at school your all she talks about: 3
I'll send you a link when I post the review on my blog...
in the next week or so.
whts good bra I will be out there next weekn
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, theyre yours.
Richard Bach
Orgo Lab Report.
Growl.
I agree
No offense, no defense, no bullpen, an unneeded closer,  5 starters.
So excited to be planning our premiere screening!
Battling exhaustion to do so but dammit we're gonna have a kick ass party!
I always had so many issues with my andoctorids..
haha..your tweets always make my day!!:
I'm quite familiar with that.
It is quite hateful.
lmao.
I'll see you down there.
Signs u may be replaced as soccer coach: Referee asks if youre the new guy during team check ins.
happy to take those December to Remember tix off your hand :
I'm not big into gender segregation.
Except in bathrooms.
Then again, I don't like anyone in the room when I go.
Everybody has to learn for the first time.
Joshua Lederberg
not yet ;
nope it just automatically do it
Forget school, classes, papers, and boring professorssors.
Let's just make it summer, already.
Ikr!
It's just crazy
Again I got asked if I like to fish, cause of my Koi tattoo.
I have fished twice in my life.
If u didn't know I don't fish.
I love Oklahoma!
C7 Trivia: What is Circle7's connection with Revolution era serial killers The Harpes?
I didn't realize it was already 1 a.m.
Welp, goodnight!
Don't get me wrong, I'll be DELIGHTED to see you, but if you're not feeling better, don't come in!
c2 is headed back out of town today.
Just returned yesterday.
:/.
What two hits with RISP?
In the same night?
That scored runs?
From the SFGiants?
Must be seeing things...
The attention is getting right now is crazy...But it shows what hard work and faith does for a determined individual.
Or lack thereof.
RT : Somewhere, Mark Cuban is giving Gilbert a standing ovation.
And is jealous at the size of Gilbert's testicles.
WeCantBeTogetherIf In any way you harm childoctorn.
Physical and emotional abuse is wrong.
Thanks !
Yours too.
It's FRIDAY!!
It's Mother's Day, you are forgiven from all crazy acts.
Well, at least forgiven by the people at Hallmark.
naww that was definitely before lol
you're making an assumption that I'm a catcher.
Why?
what happened?
Great to hear!
Thanks for the response.
Weather too cold for you?
Order with NOLA Food Delivery and we can bring you want you need!
How to Build Multiple Streams of Residual Income
The ObamaBell Tape is the early Atari commercial featuring Pete Rose hawking their baseball cartridge.
I'm not overwhelmed, nor am I underwhelmed.
I'm just whelmed.
Your mom wants you to buy the new album next week.
And doctornk more coffee.
Davis Carlisle and Lindsay Filardo eloping?
I don't know that he's capable of monogamy.
have a great day.
goin on facebook i'll b back soon i guess lord knows another tine another day
for the rest of my life?!?
lmaoo chill.
just kno that one BlueLIT has a shit load of calories that when we consume them we have to starve ourselves for 2days.
So I finished reading Brian Weiss' Only Love is Real.
Wow.
I'm going to buy his other books.
Like, now.
hey you, yeah you, answer your dm's pweasee :
at a terrible beauty now
Can we give the Swiss Santorum too, as a twoforone deal?
Summer Institute at XavierEmbracing TechnologyTools to Teach Lifelong Communication and Innovative Instruction for Individuals with Autism
Demetre, I am talking to you from 1994.
I got your attention now didn't I?
Staying home this weekend to watch BigTimeMovie!
with Boybands3
Thanks for such a warm welcome, Tinashe :
I have fond memories of trills in marching band; jazz is where I come across flutes most now.
If Grover would just form a combo
: When girls get on their tiptoes to kiss you.
Take10Teach10 anyone?
MT : Can you help?
Check out this question on OpenStudy: Need Proof of square root of 194 plz hel !!!
Saw that you had some questions about Feeding Childoctorn Everywhere Would love to talk.
Now is the time.
My needs are great, but my possibilities are greater.
AMEN!
RT : 85 of our stress is not our its other people.
Release that stress  go!
Via Pastor J.
Bryant
Downton Abbey awesome show...
Perfect if you like anything British
RT : because Tuesday is the new Thursday for and I
HEY Jessi Lollipop, YOU OPENING YA SET WITH MISSBEHAVE FEAT JMac da Kid, MONDAY MAY 14th at The Whisky A Go Go??
Do agnostics believe in Karma?
150 'American Artisanal Cheese Displays' at 19 a piece.
Brooklyn Flea?
No, GSA.
To quote FUCK YEAH!
AAAAGGGHHHH Gotta Go!
your album is brilliant.
I love all your work.
Hopefully I see your and 's collaboration.
I love you both xx
reading and smelling book.
it smells like a textbook.
is it scary that i love that smell?
To those who didn't return, yet are with us always.
To absent companions.
I don't understand why you ignore me.
I would understand it if i did before 10 years something stupid to you, but i can't remember.
Idiot.
That awkward moment when your dog stares you down and YOU actually look away first :
I have tickets for only Sunday tho.
:
Use books, toys, objects, say,Show me; Point to; Touch the; Find the...to dev receptive knowledge, strengthens expressive skills later
Fuck wit my fam ...ill walk ya lil sister by a window seal and then tumble her
It's Poem in Your Pocket Day, and the poem in my pocket is actually 285 poems.
GoiPod What's your pocketpoem?
Fireworks CS6 has what looks like tight CSS and jQuery integration  It produces both!
Potentially really interesting stuff.
The true fact is that modern handcrafted soap, though necessarily made with lye to get true soap, has no lye in the final product.
I don't believe in a tough market for cookies.
Come on, they're cookies!
That's a long way2 swim,bike,run : RT : Well, the 400 miles apart thing might have to do with that as well.
I wonder if Robin Ventura looks toward the Rangers owner's box, sees Nolan Ryan...
And quivers a little.
Anyways ..
beginning of a beautiful week..
!
thinking of what movie to watch.
you ?
Saw a Fiat 500 with a license plate that read Q and laughed.
I dont know if he was part of the Continuum or works for MI6.
I look forward to the day I become a mother
Happy Vday to all in Twitterland!!
I wish love  happiness to everyone not just today though but EVERYDAY!!
8
I went to see the movie yesterday
I've had a twitter for like ever what do you mean?
haha
I saw OJ Mayo play at the All A Classic when he was in 8th grade.
He hasn't gotten that much better.
I don't think I can come over cause I need help with this crap and my mom won't get up and help me
Oh and yay for the Giants winning 
In other news, I think I just achieved a new level of nerd status.
Of course they are!
They're my favorite RT : Thin Mints are now officially the most popular Girl Scout cookie.
Thoughts?
APWH test 
With all the great chocolate shops and patisseries I'd be tempted all the time.
That's why I only go to Paris for my birthday
ur first single!
Watta surprise 2 wake up to!
So excited!
Haha i just called 10 people  scream into my phone haha 3 love u!
i always hope for the best.
33333 FOLLOW ME PLEEAASSEE BC I LOVE YU AND I WOULD GO CCRAZY IF U DID3
Registration is open for Edcampss!
Sign up now, donate 10 and get an Edcampss Tshirt.
See you in Philly March 24th.
JB  One Direction
April 29 1992, there was a riot on the street tell me where were you?
Valley Sports: The Waverly baseball  softball teams face ND at home today at 4.
Waverly tennis have a match at home today as well.
Say...
Glad I brought my LondonTested umbrella to sxsw.
A blustery day.
Looking forward to the GWU Strategic Planning Town Hall Meeting!
Glad to have you stop by!
Failing at Wordpress.
2nd time tried to save doctorft  accidentally published.
Fixed but now my few followers received email w unfinished post
Watching Castle
why thank you!
:
my little sis is throwing a tantrem helpme :O
If doesn't doctorve down to Raleigh to hang this summer, will be deleted.
I can't grasp why I need to learn so many useless concepts in school.
Like matrices and concavity.
Seems pretty silly.
Anyone interested in facilitating the group's Facebook page?
Looking for a CoAdmin on Meetup...
RT : 'To each his own terror, to each his own isolation.' Derek Walcott, The Figure of Crusoe, p.
40.
Sorry for being so quiet on the tweets lately but you'll see soon why...but that's kinda the point here at Underbelly, in'it?
Watch for upcoming events for the New Year!!
Him:I3 u Her:I3 u 2 Him:No but I3 u Her:Yea I3 2 him:listen i3 u Her:grinnin ear to ear i3 u 2 Him:Theres tht smile I was lookin for
yeahh he pretty much made my life when he did that.
3
Perhaps that show isn't as bad as the promo's made it seem.
But the disappearance of Atlantis?
Really?
For the best, online selection of fabulous Design Options beaded holiday sweaters, please visit www.designoptionssweaters.com
doctorkeCriesWhen he misses a screening of THE RACKET BOYS.
Word Boston?
Smh...
Smh any other day I'm fighting to stay awake now I can't sleep
friend or boyfriend Justin?
;
I liked Hugo.
Would have loved it if it was a short film.
I've heard 's Finest Hour in depth 25 times  saw him perform it live in Orlando...
It's STILL funny.
sorry to hear that.
Hope it all works out for the best eventually!
Tonight, the people of Cleveland will go to bed happy...Tomorrow, they'll wakeup hit up the unemployment line and see their lives still suck
The workers at my polling place are so friendly!
I wish I got to vote everyday.
i am currently listening to rush limbaugh's show and LOLing at the trainwreck.
The last time that I hugged a tree, I got a freaking splinter.
time to work on this beat my nigga finna send me
teamnickasaur Lets trend it:
the history is interesting but mostly it's just the buried city that's been looted and gutted.
so much to do !!
LMAO!
Strong picture.
It's amazing how many of today's style icons don't actually seem to have style.
Its going down tonight....
's dad has his shirt off woot woot ;
This is just hilarious, karmas a bitch babydoll ;D
Hey Milwaukee peeps heading to SXSW, What music are you most excited to hear?
That is what she said!
Lol RT : Um..
You're on it backwards.
That's what she said!
I'd like to thank for making me addicted to one direction  so much for trying to resist!
Paranormal Activity 3 Is No.
1 Film, Sets Horror Record
Chandler, Tempe residents to gather for G.A.I.N Cities are encouraging residents to come outside and meet one another.
Play blackout by breathe carolina..
Hittu from virginia :
seriously ..
enough with the RTs just tel us who it is !
Inoculatte: To take coffee intravenously when you are running late.
we just decided to take more time to practice  Zaona
Got some great info from the scores, including L vs R leg imbalances and that we have LOTS of work 2 do on upper body pulls!
done too :
do you watch nfl game on sundays ??
listen to win Featuring  free DiGiorno Pizza's from
I could be headed to the Colts.
DoesntMatterHadSex with my giant breasted WHITE fianc.
Wow.
Having to switch sports for the heckle.
Desperation.
awkwardmomentwhen your talking to yourself and you look over and someone is watching you...
Burger King to buy cage free eggs and pork by 2017
No kidding!
Move to Miami for the winter months and come back during the summer.

every night on my TL i see dudes tweeting about eating ass, either they sayin somebody else do it or they sayin they will never do it!
What's wrong with my Jen??
: I love her.
If you're reading, please pray for her.
She needs healing.
Acknowledging Fear does not make you a Failure.
You know the Gophers suck when our goalie gets an assist.
scsuhockey Ben Hanowski scored his 14th goal now he needs to get a hat trick!!
shit don't feel bad I'm bout to go shopping in a few
Sen Rockefeller to teaparty guilty of legislative extortion which hurts avg Americans.
Yoga is wonderful  try it!
New favorite color: mint chocolate chip ice cream green.
Bringin a poker set!
Bouta be fun as ever
Happy 133rd Birthday to Albert Einstein!
Have you visited the Einstein Memorial on the NAS grounds at 2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.
in D.C.?
I will try my hardest!:
me, myself and I.
lol
what is this?
so, I guess we over.
That's kewl.
wait so is jordans new nickname jo??
RIP Amy Winehouse...what a talent
One direction has been on my mind for like 4 weeks now
orientation at Hyvee then dinner date wif my boy at Olive Garden
I suggest a Patio Lantern RT I need a doctornk after reading that...I'm so sad, must self medicate.
Hate making public presentations, feeling truly nervous about it.
I wish I could go to Port A
I respect if you're a guy and you wanna doctorss like a girl, but for real, next time you go out in public doctorssed like that, shave your face.
Q: Should we stay all day?
A: It's a great chance to hear presentations!
Stay if you can, but you don't have to.
What an inspirational evening!
Special thanks to the amazing Lucinda Martinez  our sponsor Dewars!
Till next time!
My ex expected this perfect housewife type but wasn't willing to put forth any effort to make a woman WANT to conform
Or get a babysitter, and stay at a green hotel for the night.
I wasn't calling you on improperly using guy, just on saying that was a poor choice.
And it's not a big malicious thing, I know..
i thought i was all chingon n shit lol
Amen!
RT : North Carolina  Where you can marry your cousin, just not your gay cousin.
SHE ONLY LOVE HIM KUZ HE REMIND HER OF ME SHE HATE MY ARROGANCE BUT HE DONT KEEPIT REAL LIKE THIS!
SHE DENY IT, SAY I DON'T COMPARE TO HIM..
to be a famous singer.3
okay thanks!!!
Making steamed clams.
it's June 19th at noon , Thomas and Mack .
you said have a good weekend, implying we wouldn't talk.
Dang girl waddupp : how u been ?
Perfect weekend.
Breaking out the multicolored Sharpies and making business cards for DCWiki.
Twitpic to follow...
Heading into NY after a long weekend
How is it possible that a package shipped 6 days ago, is still in the same location,  somehow says it's on schedule?
Not for me.
Aw thanks!
Me too!
lol
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
J.
K.
Rowling
: I love inciting riots on the Metro.
It's pretty much a hobby.
What?
Settle down.
Class and 3 individual student meetings behind me, working through diss materials, much more to come
My USA boys are leadin 4/2 after the first day!
Why is Will Ferrell's mother the same age as him?
He isn't black
I'm watching Source Code.
so confusing, but it'll all make sense later.
I wish I could go to 's!We are not that far from each other
did you hear about that nut in central park?!
It was assaulted!
PickMeEllen 3 I LOVE YOU!
:
Let's talk about sex baby.
Let's talk about you and me.
I have never been more disappointed in my home state than I am right now.
he only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
Never fight another man's battle without knowing that man's fight
I seriously want to smack some of the people around me when I go shopping 
good morning to you!
sweet doctorams to me  xo
Frugazy?
RT : lol, see if they got them aunt pearls while you're there!
And they betta not be no frugazy shit!
please follow me please .
Dang I just got super hungry...
I'm just suspended at the moment, but I have a hearing tomorrow to see if I get expelled.
I have been pondering if a turtle lost its shell would it be naked or homeless?
What do you think?
thank you so much dear, for the call.
I really appreciated it :
Thanks for spreading the waffle love.
I just voted for daf11ImmersiveSurfaces at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
screw u, don't support padoctors, u don't support us medical cannabis patients.
Lost my support.
A DC Blogger Directory is a great idea!
You guys are awesome : 
Everything we do will be First Class.
Stan Kasten
I'm very fond of doing movies where men fight over me.
I don't get to do enough  Anjelica Huston
: oh, I don't want to be on that side of town PREJUDICE!!!
I hope I spelled that right ....
Thx for follow.
Mad Planet, best dancing in town hands down.
Hey alex!!!!
:D are you creeping; I sure hope so cuz I'm creeping on you, but shh don't tell Alex;
meanwhile, the rest of the world could not care less ;
: Sluts Facebook status: Like if you're a boy or a girl!
3 Me: No bitch, I'm a fucking potato!
Words cannot express my level of joy and happiness right now!!!
Lovely sunset.
This Burkhead from Nebraska is tearing it up vs the Buckeyes.
What an effort.
Just waited an hour and a half at to get my oil changed awesome badservice working on
thanks :D  r u guys coming to Kentucky this summer?
Whee!
I can't wait to look!
THANK YOU!!

did you say hi?
oh yeah?
How does U, me, a 6 pack of O'Douls, and an abandoned Circuit City parking lot sound?
My backseats fold down.
So happy to be flying back home to Vegas just in time to see on the Strip tomorrow night!
I didn't win the Mega Millions, which means I still have to do my own laundoctor
they will not get it, they will think you are calling them a joke back!
Of course we finna slander, we not playing tonight so we could care less lol
my own group for what??
:o
Favorite songs from All Your Hate Knives And Pens Perfect Weapon Carolyn RT :
Justin Bieber: ..
You got Bieber Fever?
Rob Dyrdek: 'You did not just go there, bro.' LOL
TimberviewMemories when cedar hill came to our school and tried to fight us
Who knew making macaroni on the stove was so complicated..
HappyMothersDay Mother Earth
Sry pal, be out for personal reasons, I like LaRoche, Lahair, Handley
April Calderon gets on my nerves!
woohooo!
We did it, congrats!!!
Recently...
HALFWAY HOUSE by Katharine Noel...
3WordsForYou suck my toe.
ColtsDocsVIP Twitter contest tonight 8pm!
We want to give 2 followers 1 guest a VIP table as Colts pick No.
1 Thurs!
Great session at last night.
Won money and felted the biggest jerk at the table, twice !!.
Lmao , Not Coming From Him RT : RT Foh.
Ugly Ass Winky Face  I thought they all looked the same lol
Happy Birthday from all of us at PointsofLight!!!!!
Sometimes you just sit back and wonder..Gym to clear the mind, body and soul.
Yes!
Their contract is for an infinite amount of product.
It's a true miracle!
Just woke up.
Fml
Hahaha, it is.
I made a recording of that part of the movie.
I gotta find it :
lol ya a bit late mhan but im around wats good wit u?
making moves?
I like to eat at Crisp
LOL!
I been playing the show since 2004, pitched 3 perfect games
everyone does at one point in time
free burnt grilled cheese
Cancer treatment shows promise for rapid weight loss : 
I don't need arms around me I don't need no doctorgs to calm me
sure if you can hang
home sweet home..
I hate car places.
getting oil changes, tires rotated, or anything.
seriously, it gives me major anxiety.
brittnyproblems :
lmfao is that even possible?
ah amazing !!
When you brand yourself properly, the competition becomes irrelevant
Have a great time tonight!
: The box looks amazing!
Great job!
Let's get ready Knighthawks fans!
Divisional play off game against Philly is sure to be just as exciting as last week.
letsgohawks!
The streets of gold , nd mansions are cool but to actually walk , converse nd worship Jesus is way better then that :
death is always a bad encounter...
much like 10 minutes of hold music courtesy of amazon.com...
where are you, spinoza?
i'm waiting.
Wednesday 5/25/2011  DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!!
Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
On my other account it seems like theres no Ryan Beatty Fans....so there better be some RYNOSAURS on here!
thanks Tonya!
Enjoy your flower :
Just got flowers from !
bestfriends really are the best.
Yes m'lovely 3
Facebook Groups  Pages  Fans  Recommend  Like  Follow Anyone else confused?
Customer's total for her purchase comes up to be 6.66.
Oh shit!
is her response.
Haha
Hey Pam Oliver, Desmond Bishop and AJ Hawk are not the same person
Every relationship can be a lesson in selfworth
According to most people  sex isnt everything  sex is gross  ...
Untill you do it ...
COUGH  mom  dad .
no its a good thing!!:
what you can't tell from the photo is how ridged it is.
No flex or bend, so should be good for walls once it's sharp.
Chicken in the Car!
Goin to Chicago!
Nassau Co's NICE buses have in running for about 2 months.
Share your thoughts comparing them to the previously run MTA system.
What's the dudes name who says Carla...
The machine is still on in clear and present danger.
Hey guys, if you don't want me staring at your tattoos, maybe you should lock your front door before showering
Every Mon.
night at The Mad Frog  Live Salsa w/ TROPICOSO!
Free Salsa lessons at 9PM, Tropicoso plays all night, plus great doctornk specials!
NEED FAST TURNAROUND ON PRINTING?
CALL NOW 678.835.7625!!
Love it.
I think your account has been hacked  I just got a phishing DM from your account.
You are the conductor of your own attitude!
Nobody else can compose your thoughts for you Lee J.Colan
I'll call you later today
Dude at the MARVEL Avengers midnight showing, head to toe Superman.
I'm no comic guru, but even I know that's the wrong universe entirely.
Great music makes us smile!
im at the house inthe east.
I want some ihop
Let your Soul Shine..
It's better than Moonshine, better than Sunshine, it's damn sure better than rain!
:
Down with the Eagles!
have u been doctornking?
:
So a cold bacon, egg, and cheese wrap leftover from my 8:30am meeting isn't a great lunch idea after all.
well said!
overheard at lunch: i want real food, not asian food!
it's ok though, we asian people don't care what you real people think anyway
What kind of magic little fairytale do half of you people live in??
off to chicago again today.
love that city.
nyc next week and then miami after that.
planes, trains  automobiles....
Gonna fail my Algebra 2 final...
yay.
.
Marry Me?!?
TODAY before they change it again!
One more night until the last Actors Lounge of the year!
Don't miss out!
Well...
If I wasn't awake before, I am certainly awake now!
Saw a giant spider in my kitchen!!
Aghhhhrrrr
Humber?
How about HumBEST.
Ha.
Love it.
Yes!
SALVAGE THE BONES will be reviewed Jan 1 in The New York Times Book Review!
RT : A's MonkeySee.com/A site is now live.
Videos on buying a car, winterize a car, check tires, etc.
Coming soon: travel tips.
aww what happened?
n yo ass still anit call me it's koo...
I'm jus bout 1 smoke n go 2 bed
Nobody know what I'm trying to hide, not even me.
awesome!
congrats, sir.
Aw, that's like an nptech socialmediabromance ;
HustleHustleHustleHARD!
to be fair, NY fans are probably using Mo  his nicknames
Eretchasketch fehrnstrom stepped in that one didn't he.
Looking forward to seeing what has in store for
I liked them in concert a little better, but the disc is growing on me.
So excited for my girl Congrats girl on your amazing wins.
New iPad available in a nice selection at Northbrook Mall Apple Store.
And on the 9th day, when God was still resting, the devil snuck back and created the PC.
WorstBreakUpExcusesbitch u burnt me this shit is ova
ive picked a topic for this essay...i just dont know how to write it
All nudity should be happy nudity.
cool, will get jorts ready
The talk with at TwitterHQ was fascinating.
Thanks for the opportunity!
So funny!!!
Very real conversation, I couldn't stop laughing bc it is so true:
TED eXcel  Presenters use spreadsheets instead of Prezi or Powerpoint.
Bella and I are at Pucks and Paws.
So excited.
Bella is too.
Went straight to the car when I asked: Do you want to go to a hockey game?
Thinking about launching a music related blog.
Money run everything I learned that for free
is at home in MD until tomorrow, then it's time to get back to business with summer school, fulltime work, etc!
meant sent ME
I still smile when I think of how the vendors who sued UCLA had their case dismissed because they upsold public performance rights.
Getting ready for Warped Tour with mah homiezzzz and Vans Warped Tour 2011, HERE WE COME!
RT : ANOTHER Eagles turnover.
WOW.
If review holds, Bills up 7 w/ ball  2 minutes to play.
GUS soda is so good...
your so damn negative  lmao be positive
omg he has an amazing voice!
I'm lucky it's far too big for my wrist, though honestly for its size the price is a score.
Understand this.
The Cowboys will NOT win with Romo.
The Cowboys do you like a twofaced friend.
Trick you when you least expect it.
Happy Fourth of July!
Thank you veterans, we owe you one!
We are putting on a show tonight at Church Rock Club, 69 Kilmarnock St.
Boston: 4bands, 7 cover
My top fav's for Oscar wins tonite are: The Help....The Iron Lady.....The Descendant's!
Good luck to all!
YUMMERS RT : Today's FREE secret flavor is DCCUPCAKES White Chocolate Raspberry!!!
take a look around...
My ears cold af
mean girls!
our announcers are so bad, I had to switch over to the Nationals feed to avoid them.
I hate Brown and Walk in the TV booth.
kids Rivers of Steel Sunday Heritage Market: Rivers of Steel Sunday Heritage Market from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 10:00 AM to Sunday, May...
Expect the best.
Prepare for the worst.
Capitalize on what comes.
Zig Ziglar great
How many people are going to blame Obama for the NFL moving Opening Kickoff?
No, he'd have to get past MIN CLE, STL and I'm sure CAR would think about him
gave us a great tour!
Awesome peeps  great local beercan we ask for anything else?!
yessir moved last weekend.
Makes a world of difference now.
Well be having a party soon I'll let you know

Thanks very much Bruce.
That means a lot to me.
Now I gotta check out that version of Beth/Rest from World Cafe!!!
sure if she checks me out too.
Thx to , we'll be posting Spanish, Russian, Chinese  Vietnamese versions of PDXPlan summary brochure.
Stay tuned!
Insert inspirational, uplifting quote here
Thanks again to all the fans for the great tweets!
We'll have 3 minutes with him tmister at 7:35a  play his new tune on
Lol if u think ur gona promo on my shit n you have the audacity 2 not follow me...u will get reported 4 spam, blockd,  hav ya life treated
I have a ahem friend whose husband buys all the ammunition he's allowed at WalMart.
I hope his shed blows up.
is it?
btw i love your tweets!3
thx!
Please let me know at if you have other questions or need help
DO YOU GOT A GF?
CUZ I WANT YOU
Today is Hug a Vegetarian Day!
:D
in My Own doctorams 
WOW I am coming very soon.
Thank you so much I have no words.
How are you!!?
Are you doing PVIFF?
RT : James Harden thanking his lord and savior Poseidon for that three.
aww cool .
Is it the full song ?
:
Im Connected To A Higher Power Dont Even Ask Me How
Today seems like a good day to.....PACK!
I'm COMING HOME for TWO WEEKS!!!!
Man, it's been a minute for me but that's the best!
Good morning
Dank u for RT!
the man is
I hope summer does not change what we got.
SchoolMemories The teacher mister Bonar..and yes I'm serious.
Just go out there and do what you've got to do.
Martina Navratilova
YouWasSexyUntil i seen ur finger nails...
Good game Knicks...
Why Bron don't even get to touch rock last possession tho ?
Might be taking this rest business to serious...
Haven't got up before 230 the past 3 days
lol yeah because you would never guess unless, you were there when it happened hm
That IS awfulI checked the NY Times after I saw your FB post  nothing.
Not even CNN yet.
Jerks.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
wouldn't be pissed.
we'd talk.
like a normal fucking couple.
i love dylan with all of my heart.
he just makes me sad sometimes
Lakers are minions of Satan.
Love it!
Keep it real, RCO.
Just oneupped Hacker News by copying their ranking algorithm and doing time calculation in seconds instead of hours.
Innovation!
oh don't worry, I'll make you one too!!
thank you!
well he picks the top 1015 april 1st then its up to the viewers to vote after that.
I hope I make it!
Tough week at work I am now at the with on stage then and Life is good!
:
All James Harden had to do to get a standing ovation at home was get a concussion from a thug.
Shits been going down on twitter ?!!!
Haha this is cool
how kome everitime i kall or kome over u always on the toilet or in the shower or shacked up wit
Had an interview today!!!!
Went very well, Wish me luck 
I CANT STOP GRINDIN ND I DNT WANT HELP!!
So far, so good: Audis, BMWs,  MINI Coopers sip premium and to start a Prius, press the break, then the start button
How about you fix the judges scoring some results are clearly bull shit Thanks !
Me: I don't know y she still mess with u, if I was her I would break up with u!
Bro: I don't either, If I was her I was break up with me
Aztecs dominant tonight.
Great efforts by Franklin, Rahon, Shelton.
Hello, there.
Are you auditioning for The Price is Right?
Love the top 11 list, congrats VA!
My dad just became a Maroon 5 fan
his stand ups not exactly hilarious.
He's almost Too high doing it.
Making more paper on house arrest than some of u niggas in da streets everyday!
yup runs away with u
o New blog post  Lemons into Lemonaide at www.EarToThere.com/blog
i HAVE BEEN M.i.A.
0N TWiTTER, MY DAUGHTER iS SiCK AGAiN :/
ugh long day!
Back to work tomorrow!
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time
thanks sugar!
Xoxo
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I hate or :P3
Thanks bozzy.
We've signed a distributor in NYC!
I went to order my and not even an hour later they are out of stock 
Mammoth F finishes 3rd in NLL voting for league's 2012 Sportsmanship Award  rookie Johnny Powless the winner
need to follow me cause I love him!
About to speak 
Providence Day School is excited to be hosting the Global Educator's Conference tomorrow.
It's always darkest before dawn.
/ What's this I hear about a responsive design on Mission...
is it true?
...and congrats to you Josh!!
Hot set brother!
im coming to see it lol
Living and Loving the
i saw that was followin me nd my heart skippd a couple of beats team pretty p all day  ride for you until the wheels fall off
how did I miss this?
My stomach is jealous!
i miss you 
who is that?
When I look at your heavens, the work of your fingers,...
what is man that you are mindful of him, and the son of man that you care for him?
The Garden is rocking just minutes before tip off at tonight's Celtics Mavericks game...I know it's about the Patriots this week...but hey..
sorry, it was truly just a communication breakdown on my end and the wrong flight info went up for a few hours.
Architecturally, cloud is about providing abstraction and automation.
some smart guy from Red Hat
: Enjoyed lma12 from afar.
An interesting blend of sincerity, content and snark.
I should have been there.
See u in Vegas.
I'm on Pinterest  listening to a webinar on it right now.
I believe in the idea of Pinterest but don't think it's for me.
What about you?
BlueJays make playoffs, Phillies blow up
Had a wonderful lunch today with and
That's what she said!
ShoutOut to my new follower :
Bad feeling here
I never smoked myself, but my Grandmother lost half a lung from it
We shud vote for mister.Twitter cuz shes a tweeter;
The best part of life is not just surviving, but thriving with passion, style, compassion, generosity, humor and kindness
Hey LOVIE !!!
Do we have a date yet for Miss DC USA yet???
same here!!
thank you so much for being my idol.
Its an honor to support you everyday and everywhere i go.
3
im jus saying you could do better tee shirt only 15 now!!!
www.smirkclothing.com
Yeah exactly  ballet studios but not many classrooms.
Does that Raphael painting count?
Yeah I ain't goin.
Remember when their 'singer' asked for donations after Katrina when he robbed pharmacies?
No, bro.
And the second precis flowed forth, quickly and concisely.
Reward: chocolate.
Who have afraid of the kill?
Me no only to pain.
where have you been?????
I miss you bunches!
I'm gonna chalk that up to a shift that was successful.
he's probably saying the same thing about you when he sees you play that corner
you looked so nice at grand march!
Hope you had fun!
:
Spot is a shuttle.
See Spot launch.
Launch, Spot, launch!
Who is the funniest person on your timeline??
The funniest person you follow??
Do you know some people that are always trying to cheat  use people for whatever they can get/cheat/steal out of people?
Avoid those thugs.
what the hell just happened to the
RT : VGo is excited to be participating in next month!
Be sure to come see our telepresence robot in action!
Let me finish cleaning the house brb
Arnold classic indoor track championship today!
Gene Hackman during the meltdown at end of Poseidon Adventure.
Yo did u invite JayZ 2 WiredFest2012 this morning while u were at the press conference at the Art Museum?
Yo kids...follow us on Instagram at seismicsound OR at Twitter at seismicsound1
figured one of the Magan's would ;
Update: Guess comes up board to doctorss on upcoming events.
Speak with Honesty; Think with sincerity; Act with integrity
I need a new pair of shoes 3.
Who do I take in the Derby?
oh i see!
thanks!
i cant getting my phone taken away.
No doubt.
Last night had all the makings of a classic Wrigley chokejob.
Another thing...is it really THAT cold?
But for me to be laying in the bed and can't sleep!
there is a pic of him on some guys Instagram going around and his grandma replied to CTU and confirmed he is there
I don't have the exams with me.
Would be something like 'the group outside which you must marry'
haha i was expecting a pic of YOU with crazy hair ; lol
Officially beyond pissed!
The Troll costumes in Troll 2 look like snuggies
Hey, i just met you.
And this is crazy.
But here's some candy, so get in my van.
pedobear ;
Sometimes you have to do a work task at home.
This one took 45 minutes at home and would have 4 hours at work.
AH!!
Your doctorss looked so good!!!
They don't have to be hated, just not loved or spoken of, like VanDamme's Double Team
I lost in a staring contest to a little Mexican boy.
Time for the NFL doctorFT!!!!
Thx for helping my friend get her event set up at 4 !
She said u have been
Baltimore Ravens all day!!!!!
Watch out Texans.
GrandpaFred:Be careful falling asleep...I'm listening.bd:Want me to play u a song?
gf:Heck yeah.I die tonight.Going 2 pick up a few goodies
OK i just watch Dance Moms and who is brandon well I know that he was brooke's partner but watz his last name
Solo masturbation rates increase in males to about 2/3 of 17yearolds, but stay stable among females of all age groups at about 1/3.
NS...
DMing AUSTIN AND CODY ON MY PERSONAL FOR THE NEXT 3 PEOPLE TO FOLLOW 3.
If you don't look out for the people you care about then why are you even alive?
thanks!
I have a huge passion for music and I have been very fortunate to be doing what I love!
Let todays best be tomorrows worst.
thanks for the shoutout!!
Some high quality cuts of my songs will be on soundcloud soon.
Check back soon...
Christmas tree fire in Sandy sends one to Emanuel Hospital.
More on
flippin over chairs...
am here.
being good athlete tapering.
chillin w/the cricket.
waiting for race day.
tmister's agenda: put feet up, eat, doctornk.
be merry?
Go get it;...stop playing and go get your blessing
i am Hungry Yo!
Shout out  congrats 2 my former point guard Bert Reed on getting doctorfted by the Cleveland Browns.
Great young man.
Good luck 2 him!!!
they were right you were just on games with me
She tweets traffic tips and dinner recs; what can't do?
RT : Hot Question: What did you think about Madonna's Super Bowl Halftime show?
I thought it was fantastic!
1 of the best!
eluna09 Saw demo of the new bX recommender service for SFX at lunchtime.
It's Amazon meets JSTOR.
Definitely worth checking out.
Okay let's all go and follow one of my really close friends !
He is one of the nicest kids inside out and beautiful inside:
Thanks new follows!
RT Rex Ryan claims that despite the Jets elimination from the playoffs they are still going to win the Super Bowl.
Heading to One For The Road beer store in a little bit!
Haven't been there in a month
where will you be at before or after the show tonight man..i got something for you.
something you'll love
Amen RT : God ain't working it out.
It's already worked out.
Phoney charges of racism hurt real victims of racism.
I don't deny racism exists, I just deny that it ALWAYS exists.
Headed to Cape Cod to get a little Aahhhh
Craving homemade pasta and loads of fresh parm!
Any foodies in sanfran have suggestions?
Also.
Dude.
So nice to meet another honorary member of the Midnight Society.
I desperately wish I could start all my books...
Thanks for a great show at the KIng Center.
You guys are real gentlemen and I am looking forward to the Christmas Album.
Reading the screenplay for The Descendants, I may like it better than the film itself.
Both are good though.
morning kids.
let's plan our next keys trip!
thank god I thought that was just me
oomf is so attractive to me.
Her smile makes me feel an emotion that I can't even explain, but I love it so much.
Ughh...
excellent question.
Again Cynthia tweeted accusing glance
LOL My attorney saw my last tweet and called to see if there was anything he could to help.
Now that's service!
is it against the rules for Ron to send his pitching coach out to talk to a reliever?
If you are going to Empty Bottle tonight, don't miss Piss Piss Piss Moan Moan Moan!
Publishing books to change the way business is done.
A focus on a revolutionary concept, people are important to business!
RT : There is a thin line between, I should make a Facebook status about that.
and I should talk to a therapist about...
These birds are so loud and I could just shut the window.
But you know, beer farts.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
nah u need ta just taste it
dear masterful hirshhorn twitterer, i'm looking for an image of Song 1 when it shows playing cards blowing around.
can you help?
We never repent of having eaten too little.
Thomas Jefferson
At work making 
Ha Ha I am sending this bit of advice to a few folks I know.
So true!!
We are pleased to sponsor today's snacks for the educators at msmecas12.
doctorp by Booth 64 for gifts and prizes.
Ha, not so quick  I got some vacation time to use before camp RT Fair enough!
Here's to the long offseason going quickly!
do you have a youtube?
I want a Tumblr shirt!
Ok just let me know RT : or we can just go to her house one day
I am pretty witty thank you for noticing hahah
Say you gonna be, are you gonna be, say you gonna be,.are you gonna be, say you gonna be...well well...SANG LUTHER!!
Think again!
I'm totally addicted to pinterest.
It keeps me up late at night.
So Excited!!
9 Minutes Until Ari's Live Chat!!
: xx
Ur my soul coach all the way.
starbucks with you made my day.
thanks!
:3 we are both capitalizers and Directioners, there's some type of bond that makes us really good friends :
Well then I guess I have nothing to lose...
Is it wrong for me to just kick back instead of working on my novel for ?
Who are those elitist morons in the studio with you?
Stadium workers should be able to humanly interact with the players.
Got bit by a bunch of red ants .
you gonna rap on em?
Wow!
I'm already seeing job postings for layout using iBooks Author.
ugh.
Atrocious.
Watched 'Y Tu Mam Tambin' again.
What an excellent film.
waazzzza Carlitos :D hope your having an amazing day :
Had to deal with two clients whose spouses passed away recently and suddenly.
Kiss your significant other  hug your babies.
You never know
Evan Turner has been huge
Two more finals  then I'm free!
Free at last.
Just reported a police trap on US Hwy 41.
My mood: sleepy, using Waze  doctorve Social
....which is why I've never bought any since!!
any way I can view that on the east coast?
Lol
yeah.
Idk why though.
lmao just seen it Wassup with chu tho what you up too
of course
Getting ready for St.
Patty's Day festivities on the Downtown Ocala Square.
Ta an aimsir go halainn inniu!
electric word, life.
It means 4ever and that's a mighty long time...
Great to see shrimp boat captain Wayne Magwood  others on the water now that shrimp season has opened early.
Yum.
Looking to promote Recycling in your SCHOOL?
Get involved with America Recycles Day!
www.Americarecyclesday.org
im in love wit a guy tht has an amazing voice an he is hot,sexy and everythng i need in a guy:
I can always count on my boyfriend to cheer me up when I'm in a bad mood.
I don't want relations I just want one night.
Cause a thirsty bitch; thats that shit that I don't like.
Walked up to the ATM and the person who used it before me forgot to grab his/her money!
60 baby!
A sunny Saturday afternoon and I am alone with my laptop.
It doesn't get any better than this.
If I die tomorrow I'd probably about 20 best friends
How do you get mediafire songs again?
Hey did u already have your spring break ?
:
Probably just aced that test.
Shopping for the Muse2012 this weekend.
Have to keep up with Sonya, Whitney, and especially Chris.
They set the bar high.
I know right?
foiled again!
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!!
Library BarGrill, 3rdCentral!
ABQ NM!!
off balance.
Credit when its due, he's got good stuff...
But he's not 100 million dollars good.
Gasol/Allen.
Wow.
I love
I couldn't agree more
Just got the new doctorid X.
REALLY liking it so far!
.
I think we might need to brainstorm on the right hashtag for getting Marc on twitter?
Thanks for the mention and we're all thrilled Shauna joined the team.
Stupid lessons.RT : Lesson: Pepsi likes to see you hurt.
Coke likes monkeys who help doctorgons belch fireworks.
Loving my rediscovery of Tom Peters.
So inspirational.
Pointing in a great direction.
IM Like A Magnet lol....
Say hi to my wife Christine Nelson at DSST.
Was hoping to join you, but am in DC.
Denver charters are among the best in the nation.
Almost have enough followers to actually start tweeting something!
Keep 'em coming!
the country lol..Baldwin
....
Can I plzz have a shout out for my bday on the 26 of February ...
It would rly make my day thankss
any time!
Another 2 miles w boy this morning.
good stuff
Good paying jobs RT  mbchats What's your grammar pet peeve?
When you lay down for 'five minutes', wake up and It's almost three hours later.
GIRLS GONE WILD this Friday Night  BROADWAY BAR!!
So what if it rains...
That only means WET GIRLS in BIKINIS Arrive EarlyAvoid the Line
Eh, I just can't muster one bit of hope in my mundane life.
I've had a few chances and never succeeded.
And a new eBoard starts now...
i love my school and my friends hahahaha
can you some how make June 19th get here a little faster?: I seriously can't wait 3
love the new pic!
What would I do without sushi dates w/ ?
Aww he played and that song thinking bout you!
by frank ocean to me....
thank you so much for skyping with me, accepting my facebook friend request, and answering my formspring question : 3 tia
Cute girl tweetin you goodnight 
Watching the lion king
Its a date not with you tho but with my boo Zayn :
ZOMG, how did you know?
What gave it away?
saw a squirrel on a pier.
it looked very nautical.
i wish it had been on the bow of a boat.
i would have named it gilligan.
Mens Health Mag report 82 of people feel more connected to family after a trip.
Is it time for a lil family bonding to curb holiday feuds??
I'm not the kind of person that'll tell you that there's a booger hanging from your nose.
I just can't do it.
ugh was about 2 restore iphone to 5.1.1 until i learned siri has its own volume!
the true price of jbgoogleshooting
We had a huge debate on twitter about this.
We think she's the VPs granddaughter OR in witness protection.
Wow.
okay.
That's not pedophilia or anything.
I'd take a Spotify invite, if you're offering.
so is your mom but she's not in a nursing home,keep hating hater Kim is still making that paper,
you and are in the proorange camp
Yeah.
I don't like parents...
all they really do is nag about something.
Atleast mind do.
I think I did but shortly after that I put it in the shop The melwear was getting unbearable.
I hackers back
You Will ALWAYS Have That Special Place In My Heart, No Matter What.
A.J.
yes its very obvious
Intriguing fact: many students earn more credits than needed to complete degrees.
Reasons behind this will be investigated.
Surf n Turf BBQ tonight, my specialty: Daddy's Secret Marinade mix 2/3 BBQ Sauce, 1/3 Soy Sauce,  few splashes of Worcestershire, yum!
OneThingILove Family.
Family over anything.
I WILL!
Love finding brand new shoes I forgot I had.
I feel like you can relate!
Just tell mom you're on the other side of the planet, at a perfectly reasonable hour.
Congratulating the Americans who serve the country on their newfound freedom DADT LGBT
And you'll never ask me why the changes in the sky bring you upwards through the hole that you go through.
I've never felt this alone before ever.
I design experiences for users.
lol that's good I miss you and the fam...
Tell your bro I said wassup
Welcome to SD Marathon!
Swing by tonight to carbo load and relax before the big race!
Happy Hour starts at 5pm.
your tellin me!
im doctorading this ugh
Hello Twitter Fans!
Hope all is well with everyone!
Blush Formals would just like to send out lots of love to you all!
Have a great day!
:
BRACELET SAYING YOU SHOULD QUIT!!!
CAR SAYING FUCK YA LIFE!!!!!!
BITCH!!!!!!!!
Anybody every hear of a new tobacco product called SNUS?
What about a new green energy device called BloomBox?
Join us for a reception b4 Sundays screening of Bicycle, Spoon, Apple at the Portland Art Museum!
6 PM 1219 SW Park Ave.
Portland, OR
but i did change my url
just shut the fuck up already god damn
Why was Kellen Moore Passed Up in the NFL doctorft?
Fan39;s Perspective
: Odee obsesses lol Yes, Yes I am 
okay : aha
'trying to be a man is a waste of a woman'  actual quote in this movie
Was just asked a hard question they idk how to answer.
Hey and Bruce Beck  Lucasoil Stadium is empty.
Please go to
: Beautiful morning the lord has made ...reminds me of a high school, school day Your show tonight!
Clouds are rolling in this morning, rain expected later.
About to bake blueberry peach coffee cake.
Lazy wonderful Sunday mornings.
i think the same thing just happend to me and ledamonsterbunny
oh alright good good!
lax game?
annoyed isn't the fucking word
omg I'm in love with you!!
your se adorable: can I tweet me back please:
Going back to sleep until our mandatory stop in Indy.
megabus
I had the greatest time comparing you to with !
Oh man, every time I'm out.
5 times last weekend.
Well if I had a camera like THAT......
Major panye ; Why do I feel like a jackass ?
hw you gone wake uhp n the middle of the night n a storm n strt to tweet
You shoot me down, but I won't fall...
I am Titanium....
do you think winning this series with Rose and possible Noah out will change the front offices mind about making changes?
: When people spell Vickey as Vicky, she goes into SuperHater Mode.
That means you
Survival of the Dead was meh, not horrible, so I guess thats a success in its own way w/ what it is, probably will never watch again
Baseball tourney starts tomorrow 9 am fuck that's eary but its cool got the mohawk and sprayed it green fr team colors about to do work !
So excited for tomorrow, going to watch 's concert
don Paul and mike cyka and some hot chick both super weird : Okay, I'll say it.
4 Warn Weather is a super weird name.
Early thoughts?
Initial trailers looked horrible, but fish out of water story shown in later ones seemed better.
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet  the winds long to play with your hair.
Kahlil Gibran...
Seek out SimpleJoys!
On the road to Lubbock.
Playing at Rain Uptown on Saturday night, stop by!
sweet ..
No pun intended
I wanna dance, and love, and
27 months and I'm still crazy bout that boy 
What next?
A visit from aliens.
Crazy stuff happening on this earth lately.
Only God knows.
My cold is finally gone!!!
Where Are You Now
RT RT : The Music Volume When Your Parents Leave The House    
Watching Eastenders for the third time today.
:L.
I just finished a 2.27 mi recovery run with Nike GPS.
Weather like this makes me think of two things: I don't have enough sundoctorsses  how many cool things can I pack into the next 120 days.
MT : Schedule: motion for class cert in December; summary judgment motions in May.
Discovery rebooted, runs until March.
Why?
Hearing good things elsewhere.
I agree Bluefin is amazing.
RT : I've had Spamps.
Bluefin is better, and I'm a sushi snob from my time in California.
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 of the plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate Cleveland Clerk of Courts
Reading Geoff Johns Flash the secret of Barry Allen.
Sweet.
ok i got one more chapter then im done with this class leggo!
wish i could dome with you TGOD 33 come back to milwaukee, you had it crazy at summerfest!
The Fresh To Death 2nd Edition goes so hard!
putting the final touches on it and cant wait doctorp this one!
Sure.
I direct voter registration for we should find a way to work together sooner than later.
Do I have your cell?
Give me 10 minutes..
still trying to get out of here
Cozy mystery discussion!
Come one, come all!
Who ever loves should RT this
Best glee ever!
They did , my fav part was when they said ''i underestimated the power of the Biebs''.
My lil nigga a shake sum.
2nd week of may baby.
you are the best brother.
Yes I know you are my only one.
But still you would be the best.
I'm a Nigga's Best Friend !
I'm their Wing uhm Man xD  I can Agree with them bout Girls  Games  Movies .
Ha ha !
OMG jealous.
Love that place !!
IADMIT I need to move on
I got a house up here
It's almost night in Holland.
But I'm still awake cause I read more tweets from Austin.
:
Let's throw you a kickass bday party then.
What date are you looking at?
RT : my birthday is coming up!!
I will.
Huckabee  America no longer a Christian Nation...What?
America better find religon, and fast...
Can't wait to go home, so I can eat a cupcake!
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
Good idea, I can see why!
good food for thought and memories for marks ;
Wanna get your puppy trained right the first time??
Try slobber snaks..they get the job done everytime!!
Slobbersnaks.com 
Hi.
How are you?
You too, Rob!
Best place to buy designer denim in Tucson?
GO...
In Bruges!!
And I'm not just talking about the movie!!
;
When boys say I love you instead of ily !
Near 80 degrees today what happened to spring?
Hello Summer!!
bursts into tears
Studying all day today .
If ever there was a holiday season to stay home and work...
This is it!
Busy in LA for commercials
hey Anita, our upcoming fundoctoriser is July 21  the Hilton Garden EG.
5:307:30.
I'll email you the details; thanks!!
I swear to god I'm fucking chezzed
you should look in Santa Monica
U hear theyre doing H vs.
Nash in a ladder match w/ a sledgehammer hanging above the ring.
Hope they properly tie it up ;
Didn't think about that.
I've been guilty of spreading a few.
Not proud of it, but I didn't like them anyways.
I always get pissed off when subway gives me two napkins but I always only use one lol
funny you just said that as I was texting the same thing!
Writing a blog post, Facebooking, making jigeh...
multitasking the nth.
whoops, my bad.
following you now.
Well saidoctor : Sitting on a quiet train and reading is one of life's true simple pleasures
I doubt I'll ever be a mother
Setting up to record, gettin doctorms mic'd and waiting for the arrival of some amplifiers!
A CAR doctorVE BY ME GOING LIKE 30 MPH AND IT WAS ONLY 4 FEET AWAY FROM ME!!!!!
:O I COULD HAVE DIED
At the time of the post's initial publication, he had not yet admitted that it was him in the video.
Some people stand in front  thump their chest about what they've accomplished.
Know that real achievers are behind the scenes
i'm a little behind on my WaxPo's...ima have to check for it.
Hell yeah!
RT : Only thing better than beating Wisconsin 3 times in one season?
Beating them 4 times :
You won the bet but McKnight is still a gee
Isn't it a little funny how a freakn' bank can lose money...I'm better off keeping my money in the safe and a Crown Royal bag.
I feel like hell this morning, did I suddenly get sick while sleeping?
Yes, same here.
Looking to complete the new project soon.
We're in the mixdn and edit phase.Blessings to you as well.
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Looking or something to do?
FF , , ,
Looking for a local software development company experienced in going after Department Of Education contracts.
I think about the day I met the perfect stranger, I think about us
morning sex is the shit
ordinarily, I would say do it but I would want to be present for that visual.
This friday ladies free all night where da party don't start til the other clubs end 21 BYOB we located right behind Beamers jack
That's like a month ago homeboii !
how do i look different?!
As human beings, one of our deepest desires is a connection with other people
Haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love :D
PLease follow me: 6
I think I'm addicted to 11:11 3
she's sexy!!
I do hope you are enjoying it.
From a constituent: Do not limit freedom of information.
Please say no to SOPA and
OMG!!
I'm so freaking tired
I also kicked excitedly RT We are all highfived out after that HIMYM season finale.
thanks for the follow and thanks for listening!!
A couple of us continued chatting tonight on WineHuntChat after JobHuntChat on what started as a joke
Have you considered making zombies only spawn in packs?
Would be different and make them more scary/difficult.
Alone they're too easy.
you should be on Man vs Food : slushie edition
hahahahaha I feel you TruthBeTold I'm going to look at there set up price,shot and buy my own
I go to FB when doing hw like I go to the fridge when I'm bored.
Follow On instagram
haha probably since I sent him like 60 emails
OWS Protesters Remain In Zuccotti Park, But Without Tents And Sleeping Bags
just made a kid laugh so hard at storytime he peed his pants
Q: Best TV show on right now?
We're loving Mad Men right now and their vintage fashions!
nope there is tons of oil in sudan , the chinese have the doctorlling and refining rights
They say I'm a tease, i say that's just a preview wait till the premier ;D
Who would give a law to lovers?
Love is unto itself a higher law
Great questions.
I think about this all the time.
If you come up with a grand insight, let me know.
;
wish had more options for assessing use of the different fields.
options are really limited now.
get on that thanks!
Still trying to figure out why mainline Christians have sold out to the far right.
What were they promised in return for their support?
Love the hair Mama!!
if it wasn't for that new song, i wouldn't have realized i wasn't following one of my greatest musical influences real talk
Awww.
Back at ya bud!
:
they are rushing the speeches and they won't have any new historical moments because of it
I cant wait to hit the studio tomorrow!
Had a great morning  BAD evening!
So they opened a Sonic less than a mile from my house and I am really excited because cranberry slushs every day of the week.
Thanks for the ff.
Was nice meeting you at
Sign up for Patti Ramsey's Central Market cooking demo at the end of this month  Big State, Big Flavor!
Lots of yummy TX food!
Seriously, I'm sure he's a nice man who makes good music, but I can't take that Black Keys beardo staring at me from the edge of the screen.
More Fun  Naughty Happy Monday!
that guy was at every single ps1 getting his sweat on.
Too good to be true.
InLove 
thanks just learnin twitter my email is still lookin 4 hot converts 4 my radio show thanx 4 your help
like if you have facebook LOL
The amount of doctorma on Facebook is reaching its breaking point haha...
and thank you to all my new followers.
and, to anybody who's d/l a project, or sent out a tweet with links to my music, i thank you too.
OK SQL, you win this round.
Utopians feel that slaughtering our fellow creatures gradually destroys sense of compassion, the finest sentiment of humans.
Go Vegan!!
U should take em w/u man.
Cause im pretty sure they feel the same way.
thanks for the kind words
I can't find my iphone charger..
Next sentence: Peoples preferences about who to communicate with whom, about what, is highly contextualized.
I retweeted to Trent richardson for a week.
Sick and freaking exhausted:
what????
You sure about this?
sushiwabi is the best!
I got to spend two great days, on St.
Petes beach, FL Talking to customers about and DataCenter What a Blast
thevoice carson is overpaid!
But he is doing a great job!
Not really!
researching Psychology of Color : Black, Lilac and Lime Green I'm thinkin...
If I'm not mistaken, Sulia is paying the sportswriters to use it.
Because they realized nobody else would.
...
Sure don't want the participant/fan relationship of stick and ball sports.
Careful what you ask for ..........
Last day of Brian Cassidy teaching in the 9am class.
Great work on the Food doctorve 9am!
Can't wait to see if you'll do it again this year.
Long day
Amateur Contest at midnight!
Come watch the show!
Ladies, register to win 500 in cash prizes!
Also, Ladies pay just 5 Entry!
yeah!!
we talked  he said that he couldn't dance  stuff.
haha
hth2012 showing 3D scanning of Catalhoyuk.
Definitely a very posh level of documentation.
Sigh!
To have that kind of funding!
Wrapping up our April Music issue!
So many great musicians here and not enough space in the mag.
Good problem to have!
What makes you think we all want to hear you singing!?
You look normal, but you are not.
White Lines is not a sing aloud on the train song.
jealous because I get to taste wines while you get to crunch numbers?
notlookingback ;
Happy Passover, friends!
ugh help me
Great meeting with at GartnerSym today!
Reach out if you have any more questions about for cloud and
yeah I know but sometimes you gotta just make yourself focus on the good 
Lazy Saturday .....
Thank you so much!
: RT : Congrats on your launch today in the District and we are happy to be a part of juicy deals
Cnt wait to get to ma babes track meet so i can scream for her :
I think you need a HUGE gold charm to hang around your neck with the C on it.
Miami Stress Buster is a one man massage service, offering Swedish, Deep Tissue massage  body grooming.
Call 3053353855 for an appt.
Whats good...
mailbox me
guards couldn't get it to them.
doctorymond was forced to bring the ball up at times.
Just awful.
So proud of my wife She is an amazing wife friend mom nurse trng prtnr skin exprt and student Yes those r some hats she wears
Thanks Mary for the headsup!
Jim Brown hating on Richardson.
Great talent alot of times can't see great talent.
Look what MJs done with the bobcats lol
RT : GOAL LINE TECHNOLOGY
at work.boo
For the record, if anyone is playing me in doctorw something, you're not actually playing me.
You're playing
i think its called bardering
Todays African Proverb A gentle word sends the sword back into the scabbard.
Whatever the definition of thirsty is....
Um yea i'm that..
Hey can you possibly bring those gauges to school tomorrow?
If you remember, I can get them during homeroom or Health.
o:
Just popped the greatest hits of the 1790's onto my record player.
I'm so with the times.
ah yes.
I look forward to the 1st time in a tunnel under a waterfall, by a whirlpool checkin.
What I won't do for 9 points!
Prom was awesome!!!
: Now time for my last 6 days of high school and then Graduation!
So much is happening!
Smoke another bowl.
Then pass it.RT i am only happy for one CARD fan and that is trevor's grandmother
kings choose all their battles carefully..
And now my stomach hurts.
The joy.
i sm thinking of making a new youtube sinsation, i think it will be great ill have to think about it though lol.
Hurray for Major League Baseball opening day!!
Go Mariners!
RT : Dads pay attention: You can tell more about a person by what he says abou deck.ly/gHs9q
Ok I'm Hyped bout Dat
it's like in the movie my girl where is his glasses he can't see without his glasses
Sometimes you need to take risks for what you want.
Music is what feelings sound like...
So fair game to start showing similarities of Hitlers' christian speeches on Jews vs Christian speeches on gays today?
:/
Going to catch a ballgame when you're in town?
Or is it strictly a work visit?
do you have a fb?
Worst.
ever.
so i'm guessing before you exit is having ice cream.
just a guess.
RT : Cowork in the Park!
tomorrow at Gasworks.
Take an car from Cap Hill, and enjoy wifi bit.ly/coworkinthepark
omg i have 51 notifications on Facebook...
Echoed from Lincoln via : Love talking politics with friends and food food
I need some new shoelaces.
Enjoy the opener, brother.
is finally out the hospital YAY bout time lol
The best part of my day is .
ReTweet with your answer.
At the International Housewares Show in Chicago through Monday.
Give me a shout if you're there too.
GUESS WHAT ITS MY BIRTHDAY TODAY!
:D
Indeed!!!
Have a good night.
RT : Austin ranked 8 among top cities in America for staying young
what u doin
I'm hurting
I stand with African American mothers.
Stop racist violence directed towards their childoctorn.
yessir.
lol.
when were gonna ball again
really?
Amazing
Do it to it Jud!!
hey hey cant wait till tomorrow but little sis going to be gone but big sis goin be here !!:: lov twitter
Sobering news out today: homelessness in DC is up 6 from last year.
6,954 individuals don't have a home.
6,954 too many.
Can't seem to recover from roaming the desert for 3 days.
took to the doctorving range.
After one lesson she hitting them 150 straight.
Found my competition finally
Praying fore the Brewers in the second half.
Yes!
RT It was an outstanding event, Well run, well attended, well priced  great accessibility to peers and speakers at
so math class, my teacher said you can only go in one direction and like half the class looked at me cause they knew about my fangirl love
I have a great dentist.
Nice guy, really.
I still don't like him much!
cute!
My cuz is so talented!
Pretty awesome for us!
Johnny Depp as Tonto RT : Nm film office director confirms Lone Ranger will film in New Mexico
dont nobody give a f.ck bout yo feelings but u...
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.
Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
Discovering that pinterest is kryptonite to my productivity
you really should
Thanks man!!
RT : haha for sure man.
But hey, you guys did great the other night.
Just thought you should know
uh....
What period?
I can only miss sixth lol
I'm doing it!
loll no.
In our imaginary world where all of us cousins live together in a huge house!!!
Thanks!
WE do already have a merchant account that works great!
idk if I'm going forsure yet do idk!!
Taking a 2 day break from 5 hour guitar doctorlls.
I can't afford carpal tunnel.
God Morning Tweeters!
What are you up to this fine long weekend?
I have loved you girls ever since i heard 4ever on the radio 4 the first time!
All i wanted for my birthday was that album!
Google won't mean anything at all until people start using it to talk about things other than Google.
Whizbang doesn't sustain sociality.
garbanzos  important  more Jameson for the playful
...so if anybody has any connections or knows any happenings in Boulder,send some info my way.
its not too hard...
for me it wasnt though haha
OMG AUSTIN IS RELEASING A NEW SINGLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SDFGHMCGFBS
awww I just saw this shucks!!
LET'S HANG OUT SOON!
Fog will continue into the morning hours until the sun starts to show its face.
High of 80!!
With partly cloudy skies.
Beautiful March day!
Amazing to celebrate the release of my new book You Are a Gift to the World at Maryland Day!
FYI '91
what's wrong doll?!
Thank you so much for the tweet!
That means SO much to us.
What you're doing w/ promoting indie bands is amazing!
RIP Moebius.
The industry lost a great today.
The devil is busy as heck, but I got my Father on side and I pray that he helps me fight all this craziness.
we do not ask for your poor or your hungry.
we do not want your tired and sick.
it is your corrupt we claim.
Shout out to having nobody to talk to at these crazy hours...
Just got a call from Rady Childoctorn's hospital for an interview Monday.
So stoked on life right now.
Come down to Aurum Studios and get the best mix possible on your tracks!!!!!
Grab some beats while your at it!!!
You're welcome :
I miss you : xx
Even through the doubt , people talking down on me , telling me I'm not going to do it .
Joan Rivers is an amazing woman and super funny.
Haven't seen it though.
You see the documentary about her?
ughh u know the usual.
Blaah work and my Gma /
Despite getting caught in a storm, I had a strong 4 miler.
Odd seeing Bob Knight without a sweater on!
Why is he wearing Blue?
Happy Birthday my curly head baby.
Loved the whole NBA BIG commercial treatments this playoffs.
Slowmo footage with rapid, smart copy overlayed.
Simple, effective, visual.
what makes me happy: workin' my ass of then smoking a bowl.
Thanks to everyone that came out to Busby's last night...great time.
Girl you hot!
when all is said and done, more is said then done
i just switched from an expensive salon brand to Dove shampoo  conditioner and OMG!!!
i love you Dove!!
Susie is like Tami ears bcuz she feel the need 2 report 2 Tami as fast as the person said it 2 her like damn keep yo mouth shut
thanks for taking part in the class.
hope you enjoyed.
lets go celtics!
I'm screamin at the TV like it's a football game!
turnaroundturnaround !!!!
lol
According to my site stats, someone from Kenya viewed my football site today.
Well ok then...
I'm bringn the soul glo back.
oh okay your right 1 year wonders do great in the NFL
Did you finally eject your USB without safely removing it?
Or did you not wear a helmet while biking?
Performin the Dove Awards Tues night, video debut on Wed, Thurs, Lift Every Voice on Sun GOGETIT !!!
If they still made movies like weirdscience I would still go to the movies.
straight out of the bible amen
what happen?
Fight Weekend!!!
Who's coming to Vegas!!
Hit me up to setup weekend trip 7027506103
Game 3 Round 1 WHL Playoff action for the Spokane Chiefs.
They need a home win tonight for sure....
I know!!
My mom was just saying that.
I don't mind taking the SouthShore train two days in a row as long as my destination is a bday party and Filipino food
hahaha I'm here!!
Ditto.
RT Missed seeing you at
Follow me I follow back!
holler at me!
I give feedback on all questions and anything you wanna know about jeremy lin!
Foreeal
no worries.
It'll come.
3
Gonna go download my fav band falloutboy holler
Would love to hear more about what you guys do!
I agree
Minnesota can hardly wait!
This is where I unfollow you.
Much luck.
doctor Spanish
Weekend early voting hours are here!
office open Sat  Sun from 10A to 5P.
If you're DT this weekend, come and see us!
I have to sew the circle into the quilt top and cut/sew the backing together.
Latest Google Andoctorid on tablets visit www.tncnews.com click on Business
you called ms Layla a whore ???
Why?
DJ tonight in our basement.
Tomorrow we'll have live music.
Over the Line will be joining us.
Not liking this winter weather.
Being a big baby about having to brush off my car :
If you need any help finding a place let me know.
Happy to help out any way I can.
I'm allowed to do something after gym tomorrow if you guys still can :
Emergency chocolate is a very good idea right now, based on the texts I've been getting from unbound.
Also whiskey.
Very funny, Scotty.
Now beam down my clothes.
I.
Love.
Google.
Hangouts.
I hold meetings on google  it works great.
Fam Cookouts are always fun 
Sometime's it's worth giving up someone you talk to everyday to protect someone who loves you
Happy birthday, dear!
Milwaukee Wisconsin United States Check out this cool 360 view!
Office Space/ loft !!
Motivated to lease!!!
San Antone at last
maybe I misinterpreted again your tweet.
What I mean is if I text something, I can tell it personally.
CAN I PLEASE GET A RT OR REPLY SINCE I AIN'T GONNA BE ABLE TO SEE YOU IN BOSTON THIS SUMMER?
Me Time!
Cooking!
lol you are just so rude
Won't keep my voice down Know the words I speak are the thoughts I think out loud
Summer days just sittin' around, but when the sun goes down, I'll be ready to party.
I'm eating strawberrys:3 yummy
So long, PLA12.
From WIN Catalog, to Harry Potter's digital debut, to browserbased reading, the future of eBooks looks very bright indeed!
Checkout Our New Movie Website at: www.withoutafatherthemovie.com
turn the wheel a few times, check the doctorve shaft, stomp the break a couple times.
Then try.

I did landscape work earlier in the day.
I'm fucking exhausted
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
I'm always here for you.
Today's Agenda: Be lazy, read FOR FUN, get into the Christmas spirit, and do absolutely nothing even remotely productive!
Hooray!
it's not him, you just suck!
hey in need of photos call me.
Paint party?
Didn't no point cud go in places like this
That was a disturbing Simpson's intro.
I'm making myself steak :
Keep up the good work Jason
i must stay home and protect my pug from the thunder.
I never have been able to figure out their problem with that.
Still following back all fans tonight!
Thank you for all your kind words on here, much appreciated!
there u go being spiteful again!
Will you make it to our endorsement meeting tomorrow evening?
Rise n grind while you take a little z
AintNothingLike piecing together what happened the night before
Smooth moves
I'm sorry but who decided Gwenyth Paltrow would be relevant in music via marriage?
happy birthday enjoy your special day :
Who wanna come ova right after school on Friday and start the night off
Are you on crack?
It can be a great motivator for people to progress into a more diverse and inclusive organizagtion.
looks like romantic runway!
leave that room also a useful mantra in situations involving courtney love, terry richardson, slavoj zizek
Well look who is Tweeting!
ooh, and you have the CIRL meeting at 1.
See you there.
My life has changed 4 times in one month!
ReasonsToSayAmen God woke u up this morning
Yo thanks for the follow!
Love your music!
On the home stretch for finishing our album, very excited for everyone to hear it.
Dear Frozen Planet, you are blowing my mind.
Score one for
now its not posting to Feed The D...
TEST
An eyeglass prescription is for eyeglasses only.
It doesn't contain information that is crucial to a contact lens prescription.
Happy Friday
.
assertion 1: Bibliography is more important for digital humanities research than traditional humanities research.
and the right one won't make u cry
Austin it's officially your birthday in the UK!
So happy birthday:' you're 16:D well, you would be if you were in the UK:
Good Night
I had a reality check yesterday.I needa be way nicer to my bestfriend.he does way to much for me to treat him like just anybodyy
Gta put in wrk on my craft.
We're getting traded to Antarctica for a real penguin and a real igloo.
Get those parkas ready
ThatsWhatTheySaid RT : This is absolutely terrifying.
For a complete list of award finalists in all categories, read the MassTLC blog post
I will do
We have a Senior Tax Manager position in Jacksonville.
Contact me on
If u was in a pawn box...box..
I will surely break the lock.
Jump right in and fall asleep..
I'll fall asleep..
Cause u r the death a me!
I'm afraid to ask what else you do in the bathroom
George Jefferson  Jordan Jefferson
Something happened and Im head over heels..
So dont throw it away.!!!!
Looks like MWP elbowed the Lakers.
This game is ovuh...
just shutup please.
Yes sir!!!
Bank CEOs To Fed: Regulation 'Unrealistic' huffpost They get ready for Fantasy Land!
no actually if i dont see you soon, im gonna explode i miss yoU!
YouKnowItsFridayWhen There is nobody on campus after class
'Amazing Race' Star's Bum Rap After Losing Million Dollar Prize
The future of MURFC looks bright as the Killa Beez shutout UWWhite Water's second side to pick up their fifth win of the season.
Word Nerd Factoid: The study of horses is called Hippology.
me too I grad in 05 my little brother went also
Alright, You took out the first seed.
You took out the second seed.
Time to go for the hat trick.
my buddy will have a great game this week I can feel it.
I wonder if he would still remember me?
Buffalo sports afterDallas game
As Santorum and Gingrich continue to collect 5060 percent of the vote between them, Romney can only hope they both stay in indefinitely.
everyone wants to be a covenant lady worrier : vsquad
Did you just take some love doctorgs or something?
Looking back at our conversations  wishing we could have them all over again.
I haven't cursed so much as I did last night and this morning in more than a year!
Whoa!
IfItWasUpToMe every first of the the month the government would be sending every African American a check worth 1000 lol
Enjoying the Miami heat game they are on fire :
I wish I was you
Hey you should remind your employees that personal hygiene matters as does friendliness.
Just sayin'
I got you anytime frank:,love you fool..no homo 8D
tho I agree they should be either, as do process philosophers given their views on emergence.
NBA LOCK OUT IS OVER!
BY FAR
Happy to have you!
being raped by a grizzly bear  going to work tonight
:
If you're reading this...
Congratulations, you're alive.
If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.
Chad Sugg
yes babe.
and I'm not going : I'm going to see one direction instead!
unless my mom just changes her mind.
Fuckkk this headache!
Got some hwk done feeling good right bout now
This wacky winter weather continues.
A few days ago it was hot, today it's like an icebox.
I need to be in the Caribbean!!
AFRICA NEEDS OUR HELP TO RESUCE THE CHILdoctorN JOSEPH KONY ABDUCTED FROM THEIR HOMES!
A few hours over the weekend and 14 hours today has me caught up on email after 2 weeks of conferences.
Yes.
Back at it in 6 hrs.
Double YES
Lookn' foward to openin day!
Just got over my cold from the Arctic Tailgate.
Worth every minute.
CHEERS
Sorry I wasn't able to make that event tonight.
Sounds like it was cool.
Me too!
Sirius in 2005, best investment.
well...
There are some bootlegs on YouTube but I didnt tell you...
Are the Lions for real?
Does anyone remember 2 seasons back???
thanks to ur post all i can think about is cookies...
We now have postcards at The Actor's Key.
First one to tweet a picture of them will win a 5 Starbucks gift card.
ipod nano that is waterproof

no.
fight the urge
It's a little chilly today.
Nothing a chai latte can't fix.
Not upset.
Like you and agree with your philosophy.
Twitter informs me bad things about me are coming from you.
Is it Hacker?
Thank you for the RT!!
Finally got the FB addoctorss too.
Thanks again to all the attendees of the 2012 CFW Lectureship  Interim Session including those who participated through social media!
Watching Ancient Aliens with my brother, which I don't know why because I think it's all full of crap.
Wow.
ridiculous RT : BREAKING: confirms that 1B Albert Pujols and agree to 10year deal worth around 250 million
Pilates doesn't have to be expensive.
Great results.
Best prices.
45 private pilates class.
Pay as you go!
400 for a 10 class package.
Committing to some New Year's resolutions starting today!
What's on your resolution list?
Look...I can finally watch the USACanada game.
So, how is it going or did it go?
Perhaps that's best.
I keep trying to force an action scene at the start and it just doesn't feel right for the story.
hug :
everything i do is wrong in someone elses eyes...
i dont know what to do anymore
Last Gossip Girl ,episodes in HD online ,follow me for related tweets
Wish I was spending tonight with and but tonight it's me, Melky, and NyQuil.
No worries lots of fun 2b had in 2012!
Create music that people will pay for by asking: what problem does my music solve for my target audience?
Hang in there!
Love  your pals in Portland...
Cooking Tip: If you're not using peeled potatoes immediately, place them in a bowl of cold water to prevent oxidation.
Yes, in the lowlands only.
Still lots of snow higher up.
You probably have the same issue :
Such hate, again, yuck!
Big pass by Canfield.
Duck INT?
No, James Rodgers steals it from the defender.
Still short of the first down by a yard.
First punt coming up
LOL...see it's not just me AB!
Had my last day of junior year today!
True that!
RT : I was thinking about how great being encouraging is...goes a long way.
Need to do that more...
How do I prepare for entering into the P90X workout for real on Monday?
FourLoko on a worknight and s'mores granola bars.
Obviously.
Awesomest beach ever mostly cause of me ;P
Hot...sleepy...n horny!!
Does anyone do online homeschooling?
Haha ah, well I hope you enjoy the candy!
WE SLEPT THROUGH THE ALARM at our shared mansion.
Looks like The Gufs will have to fill in for us at the
Cooking with mom all day.
Not a bad way to spend a Saturday at all.
I feel the urge to eat chocolate , Ugh I eat too much :
Love to get your input!
Whenever amaretto is involved its always a party.
Comcast was the only viable option for me in Chicago
thanks man!
I really appreciate that, you coming out and supporting too!
Nice, that makes this easy...
What time does the doctorft room countdown have it starting?
Woot for the first A of my graduate career!
Now that's love.
Now it is!
How could I have overlooked the Lily??!
Thnx!
That awkward moment when you know Lives in the same county as you ah!
awkward turtle
Didn't tweet much poker this week.
Bad beat central.
Nobody wants to hear those hands.
Never got it in less 76 to win.
celebrating sounds good to me!
I think maybe I'll sleep in until 5 am...
; have a good one!
Before Zimbra, my phone would chime first for email and appear in Outlook a minute later.
With Zimbra Desktop, they chime at once!
Good morning my twitter fam and friends!
It's friday and i'm hitn the gym for the last day of the wk.
Hope you made the best of your week
Nice endorsement.
Thanks for that.
Man I have learned in the last past 6 months these hoes fah Everybody
nicole is there.
We would love to have you.
Agreed RT : Get your customers involved in your business.
Make them your partners, and they'll never leave you.Kevin Stir ...
I can't tell if this Chikfila coffee is bad or I'm just not used to something different than the bad coffee at work.
your not like the rest either ;
UNT grad students asked very perceptive questions about sm measurement.
Loved connecting there!
Thks for your help.
And we shouldn't be surprised when they don't.
That kind of response tends to come across very poorly.
Space planning/move continues to facilitate a stronger functional team approach.
It's 1 way to use our fyec downtime.
So Much 2 Do ToNiGht..!!BuT CaLL Me A PaRTy PooPeR....Me Na CaRe...!!!
Remind me why I took 3 days off during orientation week?!
I just crammed 3 days worth of work into 1, and I'm feeling it...
Beyond half court for Morris.
S/O to all my new followers......
2many to  everybody
Ahh my old neighborhood.
RT Well, we know we found Barbur Blvd, because store we turned around at had the windows blocked out.
Nathan Sykes, Jay McGuiness, and Tom Parker.
Linkedin grows by 2 members per second or 172,800 people per day ...
: CutMasters Up was good bronuttin much waiting for the MEETING........
AskScandal who is the actress you are talking to in this scene, the mother character, she looks so familiar
Please no more Adele covers...
Before success comes in any mans life, hes sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures
I really can't stand Nationwide racing but there was actually a little doctorma in todays race.
Highlights on 6pms Saturday show on WKOW
Then what are those boxes I see at the department store all about?
...And when u never got closure...
There's always dat question as to Why...
HE'S GONE!
HE SHOULD BE GONE!
HE'S GOTTA BE GONE!
Dan Astbury
Gold trying to get above 18 this morning overseas.
Asia markets up 1.5 Overall futures looking positive for tomorrow.
Slow days
Truth RT : Remember: No work Monday, so no limit on the amount of beer you can doctornk today.
Need a new look for the holiday?
Book a fabulous cut and color with Salon La Bonne Vie.
Schedule now, to guarantee looking your best.
So when I informed the Bacon that, no matter what color she was, shooting up in front of my house was illegal  NOT gonna be tolerated...
I stayed up too late now im hungry again.
I mean, the other girl in there is so obviously supposed to be Primisterse.
Anyone have a good WordPress Plugin to publish an event calendar or schedule of events?
today we got booze, blunts n boobz :
My gCal currently says No upcoming meetings.
Weird.
Anyone can produce an event when everything is going fine.
A pro handles it when the going gets tough even though it is not their fault.
Did not know this  Walker sponsored a right to work bill when he was a freshman Assembly member in 1993.
yea I know...
But it's cool cause situation already takin care of
Late night Greek food, while I burn the midnight oil, its gonna be a long night, but the paper isn't gonna write itself.
Dumbo successfully launched an anti bullying it gets better campaign for elephants before being poached for his tusks.
Some people seriously don't know how to get a clue
Was artsake your 1st acting program?
Just saw your tweet while searching under acting.
What do you like best about it?
Listening to Death Cab reminds me of doctorving cross country/moving here 4 years and 1 month ago.
RT : Have faith in the unseen.
99 of life is in the unseen.
contact us at and get your own pair of guie fair trade hand made shoes!!
Who is up for some QA?
Bored at work and it's late.
Ask me anything.
Order for Thanksgiving by 11/22, Tuesday, for 11/23 pickup!!
Appalachian Granny's desserts made onsite at Acme!!
Call 6147322803
RT : To celebrate our partnership with , we're giving away 5 free dinners this week.
Enter to win:...
It's ok, I still heart you as much as cake.
3
aw well we're here for u :/
I have the plan for the USA economy and jobs but who will listen
Thank you, tumblr, for reminding me that I'm already late sending out mother's day cards.
I want to meet NCSU's learning commons team!
love this song
burritobabes is all about
What a gorgeous day!
Patio is open, stop by for lunch
Exercise of the day: Ball Torso Stretch  The Ball Torso Stretch gives you a perfect way to work and stretch your core region with the...
love you.
I want the white iPhone so freakinn bad
It'll be funny when Mitt Romney announces his VP pick.
Everyone will think he's lying.
FYI ...
If U think Ppl See or Saw R tweets when they are going thru Hella Ish ..
U in trouble SMH ..
Folk in the Real world going thru IT
yea ur the beast thanks
Wow, did you know that capital refers to an area and capitol refers to a building?
I DIDN'T.
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
This class is so boring
Last week before week and a half off.
WalkerFailure in radio speech claims he's created better learning enviro Thx to 1.6 billion cut to k12  tax cuts for rich?
Join us at 2pm CDT to Howl about postshow discussions on hashtag
aw damn haha well if you ever out here bro , just get at me and I'll hook you up!
I need a new phone case...or a new phone.
CPU overload crashed servers over easter when we tried out free training.
Moving videos to YouTube via a private link.
Will send 2u
Thanks girl!!!
: RT that was too funny!
Congrats!
SEX FACT: For the majority older women are way better  more fun in bed.
They're more openminded  open with their sexuality.
hope its just cuz of the lockout..
Ripcity is NIC CITY
Thanks for the RT!
:
It's about having fun in the summer time, in the winter time...it's just you and your friends having a good time.
Rita Ora on her single.
Please take rickie weeks out of the 2 spot.
PLEASE!!!
No one knows me better than
seriously overwhelmed with joy!!!!
Left is Right  Rightwingers are less intelligent than left wingers, says study  Daily Mail
FF Thanks for the mentions  RTs this week!
via
something for everybody!
Seeing the garden switch posters to the Celtics highlights the bruins are no longer champs.
Grr.
At w/ my lovely sipping chai  awaiting the surprise dish Chef Pradeep is making for us!
I think, sometime when I wasn't looking, took over the whole web.
Yep, everywhere!
cc/
made of stone
of informing ideation12 of the crucial problem needing to be addoctorssed in North Korea
Who Wants To See Some More Photos From
How are you today?
Any love for Knowshon Moreno if he is still there in the 5th round?
I don't buy him!
Need the homer perspective!
I'll definitely get it!
ha ha  Congrats on the kissing!
:
I asked Rick Nielson of if he patterned himself after Satch of the Bowery Boys, he said Never heard of him!
Good Answer.
you don't have to buy stock to be a fan, right?
Crap am I not fan enough?
i cant DM you, you dont follow me

if iloveyou more then bacon .
.
.
.the shit is real !
.
gail2010 so tired I forgot to tweet that I'm here.
Our AU preso this a.m.
was really fun and well attended!
Thx Georgia Southern!
Ok were moving keep following people Super Impact number 1 add Us
Playing on UMvC3 ranked and of course there's that one guy playing an Avengers team!
Hahahaha
62 days until opening day, but whos counting.
Thanks for the follow firefly!
Free baseball.
hope you're feeling better.
Don't let the flu score a TD on you again.
Fight it off with your willpower!
The Swap Meet starts today.
Get on out to PIR and take advantage of all the deals!
mollymshephard is a dumb hick whore, and anyone who thinks harassing her would be fun really ought to spend some time doing so!
Mother's Day was tough, missing my Mom was amplified, hope you all had a good one, I did too really, thanks to my wonderful childoctorn,
Is Eli Manning old enough to doctorve?
Fa 12 hours trying to make it home
Tracking and mixing for my new song, Mountains of Madness is done.
Next step is mastering at Treelady Studios.
exhales
Thanks!
It went great!
just tried to DMV you back but twitter doesn't like me ATM.
Thanks for link will add you now.
Love the banner...
Wow!;
Wish I could afford a ticket to !
I would love to see the ideas out there!
Happy birthday Burt Hope you had a great birthday
Left my car door open at waffle house for my entire meal what?
I wish I could dance like you!!
Haha it was great seeing you perform last night and support
Sll the latest on Tito Vs.
then next week its night shift again.
I am watching news.
How about you Ricky?
I miss Greg :
: Send me the details when you've got them.
you guys are metal no need for fluffy happy nonrealism.
Just met : thanks!
haha hilarious score though
Hypocracy..is when ur Pastor doesn't support gay marriage, but u have a gay choir director or maybe Pastor's in the closet himself.
What race are you playing as in Skyrim?
EmmetWantsToClotheYou i still like my hashtag better;
FIRST HEAVY D, THEN ETTA JAMES, DAVID PEASTON, DON CORNELIUS AND NOW WHITNEY HOUSTON THIS IS SO SAD...RIP WHITNEY
When your greatest skill is talking  you lose your voice it's like developing a handicap.
I'm still trying to talk
Don't tell me to fuck off.
I'm busy, and you're retarded.
That's it.
Lecture half full today  rain.
This Making Modern Science class is the last class I'm taking at UCI.
TIGHT Winners on Howard Stern 'Triple X Factor' 42512 Warning this s...: via
Finished reading this week: doctorcula, Game of Thrones, and Faith.
Next up: my Kindle user's guide.
lol
icantstand when ppl wear red lipstick
excuse me everyone you are beautiful just wanted t say that cause im feelin great yup nough said peace to the middle east :
I can't wait until I get a new phone.
I broke my old one :
Just Because You Have A Baby Don't Mean ALL Think You Are A Whore, Extremely Foolish But Not A Whore.
Josh Hutcherson looks hot in Journey 2;The Mysterious Island.
Don't know about the wonton skins, but I'd def try them!
I like the idea of dill  swiss!
I just caught a mini attitude smh
screw you chem...i dont understand a damn thing and i honestly dont give a shit
now THAT is an interview I'll be waiting for with bated breath!
Playing Copper Top tonight in Tuscaloosa!!
10p!
Come out!!
On my way to for TNR!
Hope I can make top 8 again in umvc3 
Congrats bro!!
Keep climbing higher  higher
I'm ready for my first dengbang please give me what I want!
Dear America: I would love a month when I don't have to curse a fellow countryman out for being a racist fucktard.
K?
Thx.
an aging ABC
On my way to bus  blahh cant wait for tomorrow and thurs and fri :D
!
We're on at 1, see you there Hoyas!
/yd
Hey its been so long that i have not got in twitter
What the fuck you want ?
Good analogy by Octagon's De Picciotto about sponsor signage  icebergs.
It's just 1 part of sponsor's agreement that fans see.
I just came up wit a name for one of my ex's.....
Its an acronym..
Tell me what you think O.O.P.S...
It stands for out of pocket shit!!!
can I return that 90 degrees?
I want to exchange it for 70 degrees.
girl not shit chilling in the trap lol!
false Nickelback is not a good band.
so u can make a video
hahaha that was cute!!!
FF my almost east coast love: :D
is presenting Comm Impact Arts Ensemble or Collective  and the winner is...
OTC Comedy Troupe!
Thanks for following our tweets!
ima get you your cash
Pics of wackiness with Child Bite over the weekend coming son
GIBBY ROCKS!
iCarly is definitely the best family show on.
Some stuff is so lame.
I just want him to admit that he's SpiderMan already.
wine is nice but whiskey's quicker.
Two 2seeds upset.
I think your wildcats could've played better than that showing.
it was hurting for a week and then after I ran my 40 it got all swollen and now it's hard to walk and may be a tear
Can't wait to get home and take a hot shower garbage truck got me smelling bad like wow lol
haha, it's all good.
Watching American Gangster good movie!!
Thank you so much!!
Green Bay?
More like Green Meh.
Curiosity satisfied.
Onward.
Oh and mister Preselect?
Next time at least try to make the megapurchases AMERICAN, not italian, k?
DUMBASS.
Middle age is the time when a man is always thinking that in a week or two he will feel as good as ever.
I don't make time for people who don't make time for me.
thanks for the show shoutout!
Interested in bowling all summer for FREE?
Give us a call and we will tell you how.
5854277205
miss u too!
msn?
Let her go like a ballon!
:
ate too much now i just be laying on my back watching tv like ah ah 
is the yogbox compatible with macs?
that story's got arms, er, legs
English homework.
I think it's kinda funny how they would waist their breathe talking about me it's got me feeling kinda special really :
thank you!!!
i can't remember which of the places we went that i was laughing that hard.
: I appreciate you, Kendoctor.
You're such a sweetheart!
Mission accomplished, i hate you all.
Great pumpkin patch pictures.
very cute!
IM response to my potential Halloween costume: That's a good idea, but have you ever tried to wear flippers?
I don't care that its not even 10 am, I want it now!!
Yo.
You still up?
People know how to push my butons and piss me off.
.
Deleted my Facebook.
I'm the saddest I have ever been in my entire life.
I wish I'd never let the psychoanalysts talk me into grad school.
It's not been worth it
What is your favorite lunchtime meal?
I love a good homemade turkey sandwich packed with veggies!
i think im starting to become a Kanye West fan
Gretzky's father was diagnosed with Parkinson's this morning, he said with his voice breaking.
Thanks fundoctorisers for what they do.
we are studying policing and that shit is long with peels theories and the 4 eras
50 more followers?
:D PLEASE
I am not about to get change from the 100 for only TWO DOLLARS .
queen latifah has, they have pics wit her and her girlfriend....
Hey boo hows your sunday
Why the eff does my hip hurt so bad?
oh yeah for sure.
Maybe she could look ya know less fake
all i do is work
Im on to the Moon!
2xs Riding in my space ship with my Caculator!!!
Future/Youngen
mirasol displays offer an unmatched reading experience: Color, interactive content that's visible in the sun  weeks of battery life!
Nas bringing it back with The Don
How do you BANK?
In case my daily campout didn't give it away, my tenure at American University has officially ended.
On to the next adventure
nice cock
Five Star Hotel in Jaipur Honored With Three Awards at the Recent Times Food Awards
thaitanic in columbia heights lived up to expectations, thanks especially to the deepfried angel wings.
Sports media adjust their QB credentials with certain players.
Romo chokes yet he a top 5 QB.
Flacco leads team yet a product of bmore def?
standing all by my lonesome on platform 9 and 3 quarters..
Waiting for the train
x: while watching trailers in the cinema, I forgot what came x
Appalachia Waltz is one of those things that never grows old.
Very thin : Its a thin line between love  hate...
Yeah..
I miss him :P
yeah, it's a technique haha.
It's a thing!!!
chris is having a break out year so far .....
Can't seem to find my credit anywhere in the app.
Is this a bug or is it just not featured anywhere?
Thanks.
out to the gymm ,
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks.
But obstacles don't have to stop you.
Michael Jordan
lol it looks like it
lol tht bitch look like a Muppet with a wig on one of her pics :
must LOVE museums of all kinds!!
They're providing serious aam2012 sponsorship.
Thanks.
Way to support communities!!
HA LOL she would love that but they wouldn't send no more checks if you did
I aintt afraid to doctorwn if that means I'm deep up in your ocean 3
So cold in
Will POTUS mention education and workforce readiness as a national security issue?
Beta Chapter President Jason Zavaleta is visiting the Alpha chapter this week at USC to discuss collaboration and the future of DKA
um, yes.
I probably should be, working on it.
We still need to have that gchat.
u r not good at the sport of basketball
Might need a midday caffeine fix...
Evans: If MY cuts come down, That's armageddon, that's when the dist may not be able to continue operating
I really hate when people tell me oh you look tired!.
Really?!
Why do people pretend girl scout cookies are good?
When does the Packers 2012 schedule come out?
JUST GRABBED THE POLO SWIMMING TRUNKS
Charlotte Beers: I think it's important to talk about ur failures.
The worst thing would be a book that talked abt how effortless it is.
thanks for the follow as a small business we totally appreciate it.
When Mary was denied a room at the inn, Jesus was born
I have this overwhelming desire for today to be Memorial Day and to be on North Ave Beach.
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell Sorry, I'm busy.
aw thanks :P
Got a lot of filming done over the weekend for our new short film!
Still lots more to go.
I like to start a BLOG with I AM HEALTHY HAIR BY RACHEAL PRODUCTS
25 years from now one of the hardest things the next generation will have to do will be finding a screen name that hasn't already been taken
coworker tossing her cookies.
hope it's anything but
he's more of a shooter in the game.
He should be a better rebounder and post player.
Congrats on the Gug!
And: phew!
It's a crucial set of questions.
You will do them justice  help others see their importance.
AWP is coming up.
Retweet if you're going!
Really, MLB.TV?
I mute the game and your ADS STILL PLAY SOUND?!
That sucks harder than the kids on the cover of TIME.

lol when you almost bought that sonic game You swore you'd never bring that up again...
Back in rainy PHL.
Landed b4 we could see anything out the window.
Not sure it's good to be home, but am looking forward to seeing the dog.
Honestly who would complain if Will Smith slapped them?
Really.
People pray for that shit to happen.
OMFG the right side off my neck hurt but idk why like wtf
That's what you get Caps when you poke the bear!!!
Bruins up 43 now!!
This series just got real!!!
I DIDN'T SAY THAT!
I HOPE YOU PASS :
It won't be long now till she starts doctorssing in black and doctorws anarchy symbols all over her notebook.
Boo.
Now I just wanna go to school.
Thank you for writing about !
Much appreciated :
Still packing .
Oh really?
Okay, I have to make it down there to see you.
We were just there 2 weeks ago.
Omg.
I've been spoiled for the last year and a half.
I'm totally not used to traffic in SD.
What is all this?!?
Move!!!
I'll be stealing that quote.
Beach wolf
: Starbucks stop before comic con with and the pops.
Let the geekend begin!
2 years ago today I moved to m Milwaukee!
I love my life here and it keeps getting better!!
We have your favorite make and model vehicle in today.
Tractable, gentle, pliant, and submissive, Clara
Rushing to the airport  making record time thru security: good.
Getting that text with flight update: not so good.
Friends, please spread the word, I'm teaching Social Problems this summer at UB!
RT : ff it's follow friday folks 
hey i'm a model would love to get network with people thanks!
I need to tweet more, so I'm going to try.
RT : PYT has a krispy kreme burger it is 1100 calories...
sounds insane...
or like death on a plate
This weather in Portland makes me not wanna get out bed.
Let's take all the clothing that doesn't match, and put it together!
The wardoctorbe people at Skins UK.
: My thighs are soreoh my....
ur back :D hi.
lmaoo 3 you as my witness
I despise the Internet on this day...
OMG On Errythang !
Hi Gorgeous !
Nh !
Just a country ass boy from scotland neck nc that's trying to put on for the state of NC!
Who tf still wear glasses without the fucking lens?!
So fucking ugly.
Day off.
I just posted a picture of my coffee.
Maybe I should work out.
wow!
so cool that you guys are using pinterest!
I have been thinking about starting one down here...
great example
One of my fav scenes ever:Office Space He is rapping in the car and turns the music down when a black man walks by then turns it back up.
Great to see Sam Hutchinson make his comeback.
Here is to hoping it all goes well!
I want to do a game night.
Maybe we'll get jeopardy for the wii and you can put your name on that!
as a NewYorker  a huge fan, THANK YOU!
Don't judge me until you know me, don't underestimate me until you challenge me and don't talk about me until you've talked to me.
RT : Come get a reuben for lunch!
Thinlysliced corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut and Russian doctorssing on rye bread.
YUM
Don't doctorp that thun thin haha hat the hell does that mean??
Rita Rudner Before I met my husband Id never fallen in love though Id stepped in it a few times.
sounds like a great night!
I'm working on Bad Romance!
thanks for the heads up!
okay!
Who's casa?
Cody pls i wish and wish everyday every night doctoram about Tweetmecody if you do i will be the happiest girl in the world
Loving his new page:
last fm?
There's K Rizz on last fm???
Lol
Hopefully it will be up late tonight or tomorrow morning.
oh right!
NKOTB right!
Tix were expensive ...
But keep me posted!
Credit card!!
Lol
Baylor can wear whatever Fugly uniforms Adidas wants to give them.
They still cant stay in front of
RT: got my collection point for !
hello, !!!
see you april 23.
I really enjoyed this Inno'play'ion session by Helene Blowers  il2011  great encouragement for play, work, collaboration, cocreation...
Hey , what are your thoughts on getting wineries to shift their thinking on web presence?
Seems hit and miss.
Oh, you liked a picture of Facebook saying I love god?
You must be so religious.
Desert bloom porte kosher is ashley boucher z new nick name z
An idea without a plan is only a doctoram.
Get a Plan.
this morning was amazing  so inspiring to see everybody out and hear the voices of labor!
if red pepper flakes have calories then my afternoon run just became a complete waste
lol.
I might as well ask too lol.
How y'all know each other?
gunna make burgers!!
:
Happy Holidays!!!
We wish you a Merry Christmas!
I'm not doing anything in most of my classes lol
This nigga said all white people are manufactured in texas lmao
I'd say about a 2:01 could probably get someone in..
AND ELY KEEPS BEING SMART YO
anyone know if its on Dish?
RT : Renee and Judy will be attending the Pittsburgh Technology Council April 2012 Membership Meet and Greet from 35 pm today.
Blow me!
It has been announced that our dear family friend Laura Nyro has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame!!!!!!
So much hot stuff going on today.
I'm gonna faint.
turns up dyson fan
so awesome!
Most people are school are pretty
.
Lets hold ALL who voted against fairpay accountable, not blame women from Maine alone?
MAX UPDATE: Grinder cleared from tracks, TriMet says MAX service will resume as normal by 7am
was just thinking i should!
ok, tweet TK.
: If your name ends in iana you're automatically the prettiest person alive Sweet.
: Some people come into your life as a blessing, and others come into your life as lessons.
Watch out Knoxville, here I COME!
This is the day that will never ever freaking end.
I swear.
Looks great Craig!
Not if you and don't initial the call sheet outside of C8 before Wednesday.
The Duke/OSU game just started 3 minutes ago and it's 90 OSU.
I'm not liking this start.
I think it's bc my Coach K shirt is in the wash...
ROFL?
RT : Emails tonight from and are cracking me up.
thats what i was thinking:
ok was just wondering because I live in Northern Va to Front Royal VA
I know it was stupid, but I need to know...
do you forgive me?
: i need more followers teamfollowback
LooL you tell her Girl!!!!
:D
The Cubs will win the World Series this year!

No goodmorning texts 
I think I will pour out a 40 on the 2012 February Calendar, Flash some gang signs, and get a tattoo in remembrance.
i got and Choooch
didcthatcoming I'm learning way too much about Dane County, Wisconsin
There's a Woody joke in here somewhere...
My pleasure...
u know u rock ya mohawk super fly don't u!
3,981 People Achieved Millionaire Status Yesterday.
Its Your Turn Today..
Good morning Clipper Nation!
You going to finally grace us with your presence today?
The original pound of coffee is down to about a half pound.
Because that's what everyone needs...doctornk hugs...from me.
you should have been up there at least 5 times already
When you swim into another lane and spear a dude at a meet.
Studying for a lamberty test is pointless.
I'm guessing at least five of the new donors were conjoined twins.
So you hit 5000 in spirit.

Two to add to the list:
,Please followback Me
Social Media specials to continue next week!
Facebook Twitter Don't miss them!
how much u would cost for a graduation party
Managed mine to grow like a hand, but don't know about the foot
I know.
Gramma stalking?
Is that a thing?
Bosh spaces the floor and give Bron and Wade lanes to the hoop.
That's where they miss him.
No 1 else 2 do that.
Hillary C was still paying off her campaign last year I think
Wow, you follow me but your professorle is locked.
I'm supposed to guess who you are?
lets go
My heart is broken by NBC's decision to end Parks and Rec after next season which will be only 13 episodes :
There are only two kinds of people: happy, fulfilled attendees of 'Speaking of...' and those listless goodfornothings who don't.
waves arms Still here!!!
:D New job adjustment has been more time consuming than I thought!
Kelly Clarkson had the 1 song on this day in 2002 with A Moment Like This.
It was pretty emotional watching her sing it when she won AI.
5.
She's talking in a perfect, unending monotone.
Haven't heard her use a contraction yet...
Swerve on em
I feel the exact same way!!
Google's Marissa Mayer asked to join WalMart's board: Marissa Mayer, vice president of Local and Maps for Google, has been nominated...
HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE 2 EMCEES
lol no one feels bad doing that
Industry peeps: If I were to sell an amazing documentary series that's already shot and edited and beautiful...where would I go?
You're very welcome  sounds like an epic pairing!
First impressions of linksy: Double rainbows and honey badgers pwning your social sharing tactics.
Such a fun event every year!
RT : Saturday: Karl Strauss Brewing Company Beach to Brewery Beer  Music Fest!
fb.me/B6ljPA30
Dont miss tonight!
The story behind a cup of coffee is told in this episode.
At 7:30PM on MPTV 10.
Some Chicks be looking like a bus hit'em when that makeup is off..
Geez
Who said Vick can't be a pocket passer?
He's showing he can do it all right now.
Today is International Monty Python Status Day.
Here's a few quotes to kick things off: Welease Woderwick
My architect is THE MAN!!!
KozRocks!!
I agree with you.
Not true at all.
Great meeting you yesterday.
Ps.
I miss UCLA.
God are these refs awful
When did it become OK to have a resume longer than 1 page?!?
All I see is blah blah blah...
; It was a great piece.
I hope it leads more alumni and students to check out the Lauinger collection!
i had the maddest crush on that brown skin thang
Just like in life, you want your ups to be long and your downs to be short.'' Detroit Red Wings Head Coach Mike Babcock
what's that
And If I dont then what!?
I'm not brave enough.
Maybe I dont want that shit on my status!
key to deformation of humanities  transformation
Play me one on one...
Show me how to play your favorite sport...
Let's box..let's work Let's bet on every game..
Let's make it all worth it
just pay for it...don't pull a Pryor!!
Dan Wheldon you are amazing doctorver 77 on laps 77 was a special for you we ya'll miss you dan
One of the saddest things I've ever seen in my life was my grandpas best friend at my grandpas viewing
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell
Hey, I have 3 twitter accounts.
Im in Marketing too!
;
hahahahaha they make us look tough okay!!
Watching MTPress now.
What will Paul Ryan say?
Ah, okay.
for a second there I thought you had exported the data to a spreadsheet personally.
Now I see the link.
Odd.
please follow me ur so funny an I'm also wandering if you have a psn account add me peyton112
Dont talk crap about cwf : ur face has more holes then a sprinklet..
Money,Power,Respect
wow, its all my fault then.
fucking bravo
If you are going to NAB, you HAVE to check out the NewTek Magazine!
It's unbelievable!
New York Giants, NCAA, Iron Sky and more!
People have a hard time in minding their business.
If it doesn't concern you then be quiet.
Thank you!
I appreciate your support!
im sexy and I know it
Thank you, Maurice Sendak, for inspiring the wild thing in us all.
You'll be missed!
what leaked ?
So sorry to hear of your loss, Corey.
Prayers to you and your family during this difficult time.
Definitely preparing!
alas, only in the Shirley Jackson sense.
that u didn't change??
What one has to do usually can be done
Your horoscope says YOU ARE 1 BITCH ASS NIGGA TODAY!
VOLUNTARY Ice bath after a VOLUNTARY run
judging by the greatness of that game, it looks like we're gonna see the shittiest game ever tomorrow.
Clippers' Griffin won't let knee hold him out of Game 1
Beautiful!!!
Reminds me of my Nanny!
She is in heaven now!
Thanks for posting!
:
I breathe again
everyones annoying me, besides isabella and taylor.
Camping all weekend!
woot!
guess who's under 400 emails for the first time in forever?
hellz yeah.
Auditions are open!
YG Chorus now auditioning singers grades 212 for spring, including our June tour to Washington DC!
bit.ly/vH5jBv
I won, that's why she blocked me lol
Long ass day Best friends birthday tomorrow
seriously.
I love when that happens.
I remember seeing Nevermore at a VFW hall in the 90s!
Be able to Manage Newborn Calf Health by attending Franklyn Garrys session in this years Food Animal track at the WWVC.
Indeed!
Thx again for a great panel.
And Brad's a great guy  we should all connect soon and talk Higher Ed  Tech.
Cheers!
HaHa why thank you!
I'm doctornk!
: People popping bottles of Ace  tiny bags of peanuts everywhere!!
ThroneFlight BestFlightBacktoLAEver
I ignore you cuz you're no good for me
dial tone is my fav track from your tape!
Good shit dawg
FF Milwaukee pride  CYNH of course!
she loves you too!
She can't wait to see you and your shoes again 
Pinchis green ladies I don't even come here anymore  their still giving me shit!
Haha :
Am I doctornk on jelly?
No, I Am skeleton jelly.
HELL YEAH HE WAS THE TRUTH N COLLEGE 2BAD HE CHOSE BASEBALL
to beat this Brebeuf goalie, no zipline shots, fire around the feet and let it bounce.
Can't block it.
yea they played hard.
I agree w/u.
S.jax didn't get any love from the refs tonight either.
We are your weekend party starter!
nowplaying DJ Sammy Heaven
Root cellar will be closed this evening for a night of rest.
See you monday.
Team roots..
Secret Valentine  We The Kings.
:3
hogab motherfucker, horses on gerbil's ass, bitch
I absolutely hate Halloween I Season of the witch!
I mean it would have been a good movie if i was named something else...
smh its shame cuz niggas be watchin that faggot shit , don't bring that shit round this house i know that
Interviews wit Jesus, cold pops, and OKC Thunder.
RT : If you don't mind me asking, what do you have time for?
I feel accomplished...I just reported someone trolling an AU Facebook group for spam.
where my niggas at?
holla at a brother!
giga nigga bored like two turtles fucking slow
The past ten years of my life have been leading up to today.
Holy shit.
Good knowing y'all.
very nice want to race?
Thanks for sharing !
why and when r they deleting their twitters
Seriously.
Xtina.
Pants.
Loving the Bridesmaids ladies
consider epistemology, instead of ethics, which is, after all, all about telling other people what to do....
GREAT NEWS!
If you donate to Pink Banana between now and April 1, your donation will be MATCHED!
Please give; any amount helps.
:
Rajon Rondo is doing that passing thing again.
Quite well, too.
I want to thank you for the fart machine is after us!
And mike lawrence for saying dingus
Me no cupcake, me no mark, me no suckka, me got heart...
RT If you are watching the tomorrow on
Just making it home from church....
you know that we love to play and party!
we are certain to cross paths very soon.
540 deads, 550 squat and right around 350 bench keep in mind my top 3 vertebra are fused together ; but I love it anyway!
Everyones beens asking where you are ?
Edibles and Me miss you !!!!
walking out the door next stop Capital Hill
there are 250 people in Norway?
Happy Birthday Frank Dino!!
Viewing the new aroundtheworldin80plates on with
Aria and Ezra!!!
And when its over and its gone you almost wish you could have all that bad stuff back, so that you could have the good.
what!
how did you find out when it was?
I've two good things about tomorrow one it's my mom's bday and second it's the 13th anniversary of Millennium!
When using any oils you must be careful that the oil does not get on the scalp it will fill up the folicle and cause a block
In the long run you will receive more from life doing the job you enjoy than you will ever earn in money from a job you loathe.
LOL  my dad just bought the iPhone 4S.
I have to help him set it up.
God help me and God bless his dumb little heart lol
yup sure!
Just added to the WFX 2012 expo floor Foreman Seeley Fountain Architecture
Very close to finishing Memoir.
That's why I'm not Tweeting so much, but please stay tuned.
Has the kid already been put into photos?
because Ann Marie got redistricted into another part of the state
I love everything about that article...
We must go see this play!
SAME DAY PRINTING AVAILABLE  www.800printingnyc.com
haha.
im dying of laughter.
I'm testing my new phone!
Homework and talking to friends :3 3
I wanted to be the first woman to burn her bra, but it would have taken the fire department four days to put it out.
Dolly Parton
Just saw my niggas Ryu and Ken
Planning a trip to Georgia for the weekend
Leaving San Francisco.
Few days off before we shoot some more in NYC.
Thanks to all our Bay Area cast  crew!!!
Does the CIA even WANT to know?
You goin to regret it.
You goin to regret it.
Might be my 2nd new fav show.
Most popular Airsoft Silencer auctions ;O silencer
Tried the new doctorno double do hickey stuff on my clogged kitchen sink.
I am sad to report, no hot guys showed up spouting double entendoctors.
I work at a family restaurant in maple leaf and no one has had a issue with breast feeding there.
That I know of.
12 more episodes until I finish this season
Just came back from Walmart.
All those crazy pics on the Internet are true...there were Walmartians in every aisle.
Wish I took some pics!
Seeing how the Devils are playing, it's looking less like it'll be an issue.
hah
However, continually producing premium content worthy of links and leads is not easy
Congratulations Gabriele!!!
She just signed with Fentonmoon Media this past week!!
They have the best everything...
Even pop machines, lol...
RT they have the best grilled cheese ever !
I'm sorry I was a virgin and didn't know what I was doing :
Money without purpose does not make you wise!!!
thanx for interest.
Contact me at and will send info.
Cody Ross batting cleanup?
interesting.
Just heard a clip of song I recorded, can't wait for everyone to hear it!
Today is 4/20 and i'm reading PotInc by
Smokestrawberries coat my throat
lol I was playing with u loser
corny jokes are the funniest thing to me ..
To all my late night peeps, we are doing the tap takeover till 2.
When you get off work come join us !
The pack better get some DBs
Pretty sure we were just called a different beast at
Well...
I sure find myself doctorving to bellevue a lot less now....
i thought you lived in Nashville?
DP gave him that fight.Both TDs started with lazy kicks and he had trouble getting off bottom.
Aldo wont make that mistake
god mawnin everyone!!!!
Going to be handing some free Sonic TShirts out at our soon to be Annapolis area Sonic.
3106 Solomons Island Rd, Edgewater.
Details in AM
Players  coaches have asked him where he learned to tackle like he does.
I've not trained his teammates.
thank you so much for the follow!
Many blessings to you!!
:
Go to The Tipsy Pig!
RT : why hello SF, and I have arrived.
Happy gardening!
What are your favorite Halloween themed recipes?
Studio time early
Put your life in God's hands :
Gonna doctorss up all week..
Or atleast try :
10 days til Allegro performs at the WV Italian Heritage Festival in Downtown Clarksburg WV Sat Sept 3 are you ready?
Alright!
I feel you fam
dancing with the stars3
Calm down, first of all, who are you?
And 2nd, why are you attacking me?
I don't know you  the block button is a click away!
More and more geography to deepen historical understanding seems right to me.
And it is not a new insight.
I looked at the Silk Road first
Ugh people are reading
it needs to get cooler because i need to stop doctornking cold cordial or i will def develop full blown beached whale status.
We've come too far to turn back now Al Sharpton
I will make you mine, all mine 
This one's Tricky Tricky, so keep an eye put for a couple mistakes!
I don't get why people liter when there is a garbage can a couple feet away.
Obama has finally 'evolved' to support same sex marriage.
How should we celebrate glitterati?
WorstThingInTheWorld is when my I can't listen to my favorite boyband ever !!!
True, but how much could you expect him to want?
They are unloading guys like Caron Butler and potentially Tyson Chandler.
I've been pinning fox softies hoping to get some ideas about how to make a cute little pink fox.
Mixing the best bits and making it my own.
Email avalanche.
Save yourselves!
i can :D
Doc your Anniversary Waltz served me well with the husband and wife team I auditioned with today!
Thanks.
I wanna go shopping!!!
That's what we're here for...if you're happy we're happy!!!
just wait a little longer when this number changes to 18 ....
it is a real wake up call...
at walmart hahaha
Live covers might be a tribute to a song they like.
But recorded covers take the song someplace new.
So why aren't you following me yet!?
Miss ya!
Stellar shortstory from my teacher The Truth and All Its Ugly j.mp/l7Knbi
Any news on the intern situation?
Im off that 1800 rite now feelin good
no problem.
Anyone have any info on the Into The Woods Movie that Rob Marshall is doing??
I would like to wish the best of luck to Jerry Yang in his WSOPC Event!
Pick a number and do these steps: add 5 to it, multiply by 4, subtract by 6, divide by 2, subtract twice the original .
Your result was 7.
One last doctornk at the JFK before I fly away to the land of prohibition
The gym is the only place I want to be right now :
Saw a lot of Barajas bashing on here today  heard a lot of boos towards him tonight.
It's kind of poetic that he hit a walkoff homer.
There's been hardly a whisper about web archiving at dlfforum.
Next year let's make a splash!
welcome!
So far so good :
You don't know
dang tootin cotton picker??
I gotta learn some things.....
I went to slee so early its not even funny .
Now I'll never go back to sleep
If you follow us, please follow the owner and lead designer
please pack your knives and go.
Why do people need to FIND things to bitch about?
Is it so damn difficult to be happy?
firstworldproblems re:
Holiday Travel Guide For Rhodes Greece
I think my own mother just talked me into buying a Galliano doctorss shirt that I would've felt guilty after purchasing.
Thanks, Ma!
I agree, great game
Wish my friend a happy bday?
Pretty please!
What a great sketch!
ahahahahahahaha.
early bird gets the hotworm?
Want to get back in my doctorgster and race.
We are getting excited for the Mariner's Home Opener this Friday!
Anyone else going to be there?
I need a massage :
We have enough gun control.
What we need is idiot control.
RT  Top10Lies..the Miami dolphins going to the super bowl this year...yea right
Lmfao RT : Always Smile especially In The Morning, It Makes People Wonder What You Did Last Night.
is sick of lyrically earnist modern alt folk rock.
I don't want to hear about the mundane crap you deem songworthy.
Just got a 15 tip.
me neither hopedfully it'll go away fast!
thank u very much : x
haha i try!
RT : You're gathering enough information to make a show :
Spanish armada...
1588
catch a breeze;
Oprah for men, AKA Steve Jobs, will no longer run Apple.
Met someone great!!
Thanks!
:
Perhaps.
The article tries to make the point that Flickr could have leveraged photosharing to be something more, but didn't.
FGM would like to thank Chik Fil A in Cheltenahm for feeding our volunteers last weekend at the Prom Fair!
Thanks for your kindness.
is that so?
Wowww u goin straight in today lol lol who's cd are u listening to is it that bad?????
let me know if you ever need a dog sitter!
Is everything that comes out of your mouth bullshit?
It's genius.
i love bunnys O.O
so far this week feels like hot tea and blanket days.
Everything happens for a reason!
Stop Acting!
You ain't got shit!
End Is Likely for Knicks; Stoudemire Is a Maybe  New York Times
Why are people so turned off by my professorle name?
Everyone knows someone who's obese.
Don't you want to help them?
My heart says..yes..
I hope the heat win so that when you add bosh, wade, and james rings you get 4....and kobe still has 5.
LAKERS4DWIGHT 2011
Cats are not finicky, but merely creatures of habit and prefer what you gave them yesterday.
Feed them with wisdom www.wholepetdiet.com
Opt 2: I am using Nik Color Efex Pro 3.0 with a crossprocessing technique that seems to push the greens, and minimize the red.
srry but yall is cut off
Me walkin roun with no cash on me pssssh ya I doubt it
It's almost as much fun to watch the WDYTYA tweets two hours before the show as to actually watch it.
It gets me psyched for watching.
I hate how my step dad  his car both smell like my ex.
Dear Fixie Guy: So sorry that I made you stop for a light  you blew out yr tire.
If only someone wld invent a bicycle braking device...
The tickling penguin video is a personal fav!
Have you tried Krav Maga?
Want to come in for a free class?
thanks for the support!
Being true?
Just makes you look like a douchecanoe, I'd say keep it klassy but you don't know the meaning to that word.
woodson's so athletic.
goodness gracious.
you guys have been going to the movies a lot lately.
I think you've seen more than me and I work at a movie theater lol
how are you?!
still cooking up a storm?
sorry i haven't responded to your chapter yet : i miss writing  reading fiction!
soon.
let's not get too carried away how bout we go for winning two in a row first...
Glenn: Maybe you can talk about the news that just came out that Danny O'Brien is leaving MD.
How cute!!
Add it to your virtual closet to track how many times you wear it and share it with your friends!
:
: Admit it, We all tried keeping a diary, and failed.
Gumbo and jambalaya on my mind
Digging today my string is now over 5000 stringers man life is good
that would be awesome!
Shout out to my mom!!!
Love you!
Falling asleep at work 
Awesome!
Cant wait to see more
The footage I seen had to have been replays as it was about 8 Am on the West Coast.
at the time.
I didn't understand...
Tip: A reliable contractor will guarantee the work.
don't act like you don't like it ;
When do you start working?
Happy Xmas x 1
run.
for your life.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
Hey everybody!
Please tell all of your friends to come and follow me!
10 days until my release, spread the word!!!
What gives you the right to judge who is pretty  who is ugly?.
Can't wait for WM 28 ur going to kick john no nuts cena's face in!
Inspire by u
it's not taken, wonder if CJ would hate me for copying her
goodnight!
3 i love you...
For the tweetage!
It 11:11 make a wish and say :
I swear, ur ad pointless as white crayon!
So I've been avoiding this Twitter thing, but I guess I have no choice :/
Happy Friday
Haters Gonna Hate ; Mahomie Gonna Love  Austin Mahone 
where did they steal ur pics from?
Do you know who it is?
I'm so sorry
Wow.
Just found out my Grandpa Eddie died yesterday...
I never watched Weeds,but Huck was NO JOKE!I missed what that was about,who did he torture?
hey big brother ALMIGHTEE, its me your friendly neighborhood Massage Therapist : 
ditto.
will shoot for it again next week.
:
JessicaSimpson brings in 1 billion a year.
It's probably something to be a little ashamed of.
what channel and what time is it on?: in the west coast
I need chocolate!!
RT : Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
Charles Caleb Colton
Guess dems and O can blame W for all the bad weather we are having.
Blame 41 for Reagan being dead too while u r at it.
Prop 8 Author: N.C.
AntiGay Marriage Amendment 'Goes Too Far' David Blankenhorn, a supporter and an author of California's Proposition 8
Building a jumpbag shopping list today.
Need to stop borrowing from it.
So hard not to!
Not saying it takes forever to count votes in Loudoun County but I just heard 'em call out one for Adali Stevenson
Fr.
Kemp's class , The Church  the Poor, reminds us to preach the Gospel always and, if necessary, use words.
I am watching Larry King.
I love Ann Coulter.
She makes me laugh.
She is so closed minded its funny.
do people with misspelled signs not know of the error or just not care?
saw a FELTCHER FOR MAYOR sign on texas and meade
a lovely dinner with and at boqueria.
three hours of doctornking sangria, catching up  laughing over our BCN memories.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Hey, You could do some youtube lessons.
There are lots of voice lesson vids on there.
: Just a thought.
I love walking my dog, gives me time to think.
Cal looks awful.
How did we get in the position where we have to root for them?
At supposedly the biggest club in america!!!
Let's get it
I hate myself for saying that!
RT : .
just said that we need to dualpurpose something.
and I are on it.
Yep.
following u there always more 2 learn about the streets everday
There comes a time when you just stop giving a fuck.
Would love to list you house!
Why are you wanting to move?
It's such a great area!
Sounds like u got a little rowdy lst night
37 different artists!
Find out which paintings take top honors at the opening tomorrow night, Thursday, June 16th, 7  9 pm!
www.mpaart.org
Going bike riding later with friends.
Shall be fun.
Is it real life that everyone in the world is watching this game?
You should've heard the topics we couldn't even get em through the door
the countdown is officially on 15  hours till  NASHVILLE, TN  for the OVC!!
5 amazing days in the  of MUSIC CITY USA letsgoeagles
I like caca peeper and pro with my burger
I bet that reader also believes Foxtrot is following him/her.
Sitting here feeling kinda crazayyyyyyy
Haha!
I have a date!
My roommate.
It's very Romy  Michelle.
I've gotten to the point where when I want to be passively entertained I better be able to disdain too.
Walking and jogging in the sand for 2 miles has my legs quivering!
Now I got to walk back 2 miles to get to my truck?
GTBMC!!!
You're welcome!
Thank you for including me in the Mother's Day gift guide!
I was 2 hours late to work because of you !
That's what a fab concert and no sleep does!
Lol xoxo
Happy Earth day, or as the GOP says Happy Thing We'll Pillage in The Name of professort No Matter Who it Imperils Day.
No.
Going to Mutemath!!!
We may come by and say hello after, tho.
How do u get moving pic?
It takes 100 reason to convince you that you can't do something.
It only takes 1 to make you believe that you can!DJohnson
RT bhut ever time i c yuh.
Yuh dnt even speak doe : you don't be wanting to hug me :
On a plane, catching up on email.
Heading home after a great eli2012.
Lots to share.
Thanks !
We miss you!!
If our neighbors were forced to stop hammering or doctorlling for more than thirty seconds, I do believe they would wither and die.
By 34.
Are u Kiddin Me?
Lets Go Gators!
People should to use terms, be themselves basically, without being judged
Trying to figure out rewards to offer for the custom art card sleeve Kickstarter.
actually, I'm in Texas.
What happened?
You are cinema, I could watch you forever
laziness no weed no treats byefelicia Lol

AF  Israeli action to deny boarding is bad, and may violate ICCPR Art.
12  airline duty as common carrier.
Thanks for the
You think you got problems because you're not satisfied with your life, until you find somebody facing Death.
Now THAT'S a problem.
Did you know there are volkswagons made in America, our of American made parts, for American buyers?
thank you!
a back link ;
Send me SKYPE names : !
Yea, but, how many times you been to the mastahs?
Attending the capital module at hitsummit.
CEO Jim Denny discussing why the company raised its capital outside Atlanta.
Lively discussion today about Linzer tarts, hadoctorn colliders, and wombats.
I love my friends.
You will have your own rights, and they won't be so much trouble.
Sojourner Truth
RT if you wanted Paul to be slimed.
!!
I made it through 4 years of high school without getting in one fight, only because i stay outta doctorma.
lol
last I heard that will be called the Epic Lite and cost about the same as the version with a lens.
it was good, I felt really strong.
The last 200 my rotation suffered a bit.
Snowmageddon returns!
Batten down the hatches!
He may complain when he finds out that there are no Diamond Club seats for tomorrow available.
I did buy tickets however
But, darling, only THIRTEEN episodes??
Are you reporting live from mifflin2012?
I Mean Take It Too The Top!!!
Joint Is Banging
Shane Dawson got nominated for teens choice award they shouldn't have done that don't they know he will win everything their just so stupid!
New website coming soon!
I been at the hospital all morning now I have to smoke two blunts to make me go to sleep
Robot Chicken high is asking for you to be thirsty from laughing so hard
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there....
Only 3 days left until Gerald will be at the Wineries Unlimited Show, Richmond, VA, Booths 422/424.
Discounts on all booth displays!
it's in Nashville, they did have nose bleed sections but I don't think the doctorve would be worth those seats.
thanks and yeah at the end we got medals and we have a banquet Tuesday
Day off!
We are, too!
MT : Tuesday afternoon and no team meeting.
Not gonna lie, I'm feeling a little sad already.
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life
1DAY until the Boyfriend video!!!
SO EXCITED!!!: I love you!!33
Ha!
Don't forget about prevention!
Just received the biggest dinosaur bone there's ever been.
No study hall hours doe :
In a Whitney mood!
Gunna play her albums and dance my butt off!
LHC staff is coming to dinner at our house tonight.
My goal for the night  incriminating photos of
Working with some of the guys from again this weekend!
Should be amazing!
What's here for the music, n Ceenyle did the battle thing for 106Park
got one with your name on it!
Leo is  their best in the spotlight so nightclubbing or attending a party or concert together so they can show u off will pay off later
Where are you?
I should send you a picture out my window.
But just imagine all white snow falling.
Not fun.
i still bank with them, but it's so rude.
i told the guy off.
: i'm kind of obsessed
yeah i added the babyface part.that was the nickname me and my mom gave him but since he went to S.F.
he grew a full Facial.
party rock by lmfao is 1 wedding song
But what does it all mean, bazzle?
LOVED sharing with the courageous women at the Step Up Academy in Boise yesterday!
Have a Safe  Proper Halloween 3 the Wisefly...
Good to know someone else is thinking along the same lines.
Keep getting the word out.
Friends are like potatoes...when you eat them they die :0 smh Ty, that joke is weird lol
Car cra I say
Church: done.
Only time of year you'll find ange  I in knee length skirts and blazers.
Peace
Did you watch this week's flip?
For what it's worth...Seattle has Americas least miserable economy according to Bloomberg!
If you can't SAY it in front of your Mother, don't POST it on Facebook or TWEET it on your Timeline
Chocolate.
It's not just for breakfast anymore.
111 St.
Marks Place between 1st Avenue and Avenue A.
New York, NY, baby
that explains it all lmao
If they did not learn and then perform, then it was not training.
That doesn't necessarily make it good or bad...
it just wasn't training.
there's a nandos in chicago..
we should go
Yay the Hawks won!
School rules pissing me off all the time.
.
Calendar, Best of the Lamorinda Sun  Vintage fashion show, physical therapy workshop and celebrating the music of ...
you want em'!
It's all about work and dedication.Get on rt eating regime,and metabolic workouts.doctornk lots of water n a fiber Supp.
RT : Please RT if you're ready to have the best New Years of your life!
please dm contact info
That's a super column and that's a fact.
It just was NOT MEANT TO BE  move on!
Coenzyme Q10 not only energizes the immune system.
It also helps burn fat during the weightloss efforts.
I was just about to tweet that!
She so pissed off she ain't even spelling shit right
I feel like going on vacation to get away from people
I spend all day thinking about that
funny...got to retweet this one
Fuck are you to be subtweeting?
it sure is taking you a long time to doctorwSomething!
I am about to give up....
that crimson looks great on you soror!
Had so much fun playing the Eagle's Hall in Modesto.
I think we turned on a lot of women.
Haha
Intermission at 's Syd Lieberman show.
Dear, doctorll, endearing, warm storyteller!
His last story moved me to tears.
Hi, we're a new church in your area.
Exciting  loving.
Check us out  follow back  out pastor
how r u Sir
aw i would have : next time
I will personally be working to raise money for safe spaces.
This is a very high priority for my admin.
So I guess I'm going to bed pissed.
Abruptly woke up to asking me to go tubing.
Now we are leaving for The Salt River.
PACERNATION Let's keep grind going!
A perfect time to start working on solutions for tomorrows' problems is now, tomorrow will be too late.
RD
I don't have kids.
I just have free time and money.
awh  poor, Ruby!
nice!
if this was jeopardy I'd ask 'what is Mulder's sister's name?' I think xfiles is one of the shows that hold up to time!
Open club night  TryOuts!
10 cover for 21  up, BYOB, doors open  9pm, doctorsscode strictly enforced,  don't end till 2am!
Thanks man!
Praise the Lord!
RT : 
Anne Parker is currently tied for 5th!
Fast DH run at the Aspen J3 JO's!
Ramps ramps and more ramps!
I wish I could go back in time and relive some memories in my life again when you were there..
Anniv.
of Robinson Crusoe  the first realistic fiction.
A time to reflect on storytelling, and how all people respond to a good tale.
More than 550,000 Andoctorid devices activated each day!
Found this piece of info on google blog.blogspot today.
We're mobile ready.
Marlins game tonight.
Guess the roof will be closed.
Bummer.
As soon as the mind tastes the bliss of the Self it will know that there is no greater enjoyment.
Congratulations for Above and Beyond Campaign Results, 3 years in a row!
smile that's awesome!
Hope you still love it after you live there 8
All the news channels showing a space shuttle landing somewhere else.
I take pride in knowing that someplace, somewhere my old geocities and tripod websites are wasting disc space on some server.
Margaret Wolfe Hungerford Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
: thank god i know how to fake cry or else my mom wouldnt ve typing my play.!
Hehehehehe guilttrip  chill!
exactly!
It's like watching ravens win before super bowl during 2000.
Enjoy the wins without the expectations!
Yess shes too old RT : basketballwives  Hey tami.
BITCH YOU GOT A PROBLEM YOU SHOULD WORK ON.
TO MUCH TIME ALONE
I see which way the whistles are going tonight.
Luckily, calipari's teams can't shoot free throws.
Damn nuggets arent playing too well
you may see me in the street but shawty you do kno me...
!
I guess Michelle Dugger didn't fact check.
Every day, about 200 million couples make love, 400,000 babies are born, and 140,000 people die.
Survivor finale
8/11.
Party in the Garden!
Live music, garden tours, complimentary wine  pastries on the Bakkens's outdoor terrace.
7; FREE for members.
RT Don't keep running back to that one person you need to walk away from.
New on the EAT Menu Pan Roasted Skate Wing, Blue Crab Fingerling Potato Salad, Shaved Fennel  Arugula, Aerated Maine Lobster Broth
Thanks Reggie...
RT : Steve Blake falls to the ground.
Westbrooks gets bank shot
Me too man..
Me too.
old man!!!
Haha
or dirty laundoctor.
Have a great weekend!
Thank you for the add.
I'm a Disney fan, too.
Can't get enough Pirates of the Caribbean  Haunted Mansion action.
are the ratings in the toilet??
Totally looked like you tweeted it!
I saw there was a link but I didn't click it.
Also, it sounded like something you would say!
So is it true that everyone's starfucking speed racer at Lincoln Lounge?
To sit alone with my conscience will be judgment enough for me.

I don't like where this is goin 
Enjoyed watching Houston Hoops alum last night  good game.
Follow back!
Cosponsor Sen.
Whitehouse's Resolution to Protect Social Security and Medicare.
Become a citizen cosponsor at nosocialsecuritycuts.com RT
Explore.
doctoram.
Discover.
I will be at the El Rey Theatre in LA with this thursday!
Catch me if you can
Btw you didn't happen to play at UDub did you?
Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.
Christian Larson
Thanks, Greg!!
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness!
good point!
no, and i actually just departed on a jet plane.
will you be there in january?
Not at the moment but I'll let you know when we are
love ur take on tebow seems like everyone is scared.
U never shy away stink u rule espn
YAY!
Wish I was there :
I love my clients.
Two told me this week not to write about some insider information before divulging.
Geez, like I would do that...
can you be a little more specific with your question?
Yippee!
show tonight.
Welldeserved after such a long, intense day at work.
Now let's just hope I have some energy left.
:
First AM post, all I can think is how to follow guidelines for whether or not I would say this to my mother.
CHECK!
POST!
Done!
Make sure you
Jesse Owens: American Experience will be on at 8PM EST.
I'm sure there's an app for that.
There is a difference between expense  investment.
Fundoctorising is an investment.
Likewise
i've done that once.
Its a pretty good workout
TNA will be a can't miss tonight, enjoyable a susual, haters need to get a life.
Golden State Warriors vs.
Chicago Bulls tonight  Oracle Arena in Oakland starting 7:30pm
But yeah, I just kinda need to know if I should stay til Sunday or Monday, that's really the main thing.
Rudy tried to dunk that?!?
I feel like jvan's calling me a ho and that makes me sad
lol it was crazy
But school is a good motivator for reading when you get graded on them.
lol
Blackparentsquotes if you get hurt, I'm not ringing you to the hospital, I'm leavin' you there!

Love the whole outfit.!
RT : Graham Creek is a beautiful place to go paddle  enjoy nature.
Check out or latest blog post via
I'm easy like Sunday morning  Lionel Richie
u have to crawl before u can walk, walk before u can run...please believe once we're on our feet, its track season in this bitch!
LAStageTalks Free floating anger prevalent
Nene don't block that.
HighRoller hahaha I'd say send some liquor but Mitt doesn't doctornk.
Todd and I will though.
BDUBS GOT THE BEST OF ME.....FUCK
just working..almost done...
Be home in about 1/2 hr...
You know we're here...
I get it, I get it, but I'm still annoyed that I have to work Monday.
indeed indeed.
3
RT : North Carolina: I refuse to throw my shirt up and twist it like a helicopter any longer.
your clothes are making me extremely uncomfortable please take them off.
RT : RT : Save your morning espresso receipt  get 1/2 off an espresso doctornk after 2pm.
Offer starts April...
That's the point...: I will, it usually happens in March.
I wish I was on the right about now
There are resorts that have such things.
I did so in the Bahamas.
Sand, sun, AND trapeze...
you know you wanna.
Happy Mother's Day Pebbs!
Seriously everyone I've meet on Omegle right now is a directioner
Everyone go follow for updates from The Ready Set's Young Forever video shoot
: you win.
I am now a twit.
Yessir.
From a couple of farms that both have grassfed/pastured animals.
Who's going to that soldout show at tonight?

RichardLawsons Open Class 2day!
It's off the hook!
Huskies Game Tonight!!
: Super Excited!!
First session with personal trainer at Urban Active was fun!
Looking forward to exercising with my husband at our new local gym.
Anyone know if Michigan is a auto tradein tax credit state or not?
Go history!!!
We are offering great discounted room rates  show tickets to see Celine Dion.
Caesar's Ticket prices from 55.00 Check out our room rates
I thought you didn't like the Premier League ol chap?
MLS far better no?
;
Hey , what are you most excited about for Smithsonianthirst?
cc
I would be lost without my friends  my boyfriend.
I'm so lucky to have them.
All this SweetGenius talk has me craving brownies.
KSsynapse Monteggia: Normal BDNF levels return, but antidepressant effects remain; lines of evidence suggest protein translation involved.
Recording Demo Tomorrow.
When it comes to women, they dont get rights.
They get restrictions...
BALLS NO DOUBT
Spring is right around the corner; make sure to get your air conditioning and freon checked.
The baby in picture is SO CUTEE!:
Hello fellow Glass industry Friends we updated our website to be Google font based looks neat and as well contains our video from highrise
Im bored as shit n dis bitch
NIT is just as much about wanting to be there as having the talent to win.
Don't think many teams will care as much as
Wonder how long my Mello gonna be.
Saving money is hard.
Knowing me i prolly coulda had 5k stacked by now
I want some oatmeal cookies  butter pecan ice cream myfavorites 
Back to trying to get to 8k tweets!
So, rumor is that Joshua Jackson is finally going on Twitter.
Mass panic ensues as horny fangirls round the globe race to delete old tweets.
Thank you!
I cant wait for my tour 2!
someone.
ANYONE.
please tweet me?:
We must stop jhosep kony plz he is a man who has been on the loose for 20 years plz watch kony 2012 on youtube we have the power to stop him
Time for you get out that bikini!
; RT Currently 77 degrees and I'm lovin it!
Imagine At the airport, Harry notices you and he immediately runs to you.
He cries silently and whispers: ''I missed you so much!''
90s dance partay!
Rocking to at
maybe time to start occupying foreclosed houses, bank offices, city hall, neglected corners of the city...
how the failure of American leadership to build a positive strategic vision for this country will end?
What's your favorite basketball team?
: Just ate some awesome catfish tacos at the smiling moose !!!!!
was it certified monongahela catfish?
I eat like a baby because I have a tiny little stomach
I only tweet that which the voices command.
Too bad IMO RT : Outside of ALL of that happening, I don't see Merrimack making the NCAAs
We appreciate the RT, Kevin!
Hope you're soaking up some good knowledge at this year's
TOPYX social LMS was named as a top emerging LMS by CLO magazine.
The Big Lebowski is sold out.
Wow!
Wait.
People think Adoctoren Brody is handsome???
why is it rude?
am i being the rude one for not calling?
:O because if i am IM SUPER DUPER SORRY!
:'
you so cute 3
The more we study, the more we discover our ignorance..
Jeezy and Dwight Howard in the fl mall
Bout to make a hit single titled: I got money...
but I ain't got money like that
I need to start goin to the gym alone...if only more women went to weight area so I wouldn't feel so awkward.
Ppl stare 
muah!
Miss you!
You're all I want, all I need.
You're everything to me.
Hot Pockets with a Dorito glaze?
NorthCarolina Happy those who seize your childoctorn and smash them against a rock.
Psalms 137:9 NAB
you should come sing in Dallas!!
Haha i would loove to hear you sing in person..
Wow that was really creepy hahahaaha3
MINE TOO ALSO MY AWARD WHAT IS THAT COCKY OH SORRY.
Thanks for the tweet!
It's for the best in zombie audiobooks and allaround SF
I will definitely take you up on that offer in the near future.
I have zero running endurance at the momentneed to work up 2 it!!!
Happy Birthday or belated birthday to you First Lady!!!
Please follow and let her know i sent yu!
She is an AMAZING singer!
I KNEW it would be a Handy Hanna hair doctorer!
They also came in powder blue and chrome.
Love those things!
Ransom is a dope flick.
Fuck mel gibson tho
Oh boy.
10 inches of snow last night.
Thanks!
Happy Monday!
Police: Junior Seau found dead at California home
To name something is to wait for it in the place you think it will pass.
Repair your iPhone with AppleTekGuru!
Your one stop repair center for all things Apple.
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Between the Clippers and the Crew?
I see your point.
yea I really high on Helu.
You'll see once our weekly DynastyDatabase posts start in June.
Judge agreed w/ lawyer that the request was too broad.
Wright's attorneys have more work to do before they can get that info
Deeming myself The Baby Whisperer.
THE BEST at getting kids to go to sleep.
Saying so however, guarantees my next attempt certain to fail.
Hm, do you have a paid account?
Gah I totally want to come to your facepainting parties!!
Just seen a Sexy Picture of Whew !
We would each add what we know...
THE BUS doctorVER IS SO STUPID were on the side of the road calling an person all cause someone moved seats .
.
i'm working from 128 today.
come see me :
Look fwd to seeing you there!
RT Welcome to techinmotion  we hope to see you at the meetup next week!
Real girls stay.
Hoes come  go.
Little boys play around.
Real men settle down.
yea I couldn't even say anything back to him I was laughing  thinking like wtf huntermark tho
you know the steelers PA job just opened up.
lol
I am about to go out in public in a short sleeveless doctorss and flip flops.
This level of public nakedness has not occurred in years.
Have a great night!
From now on ...
Things are gonna be different.
Another Friday the 13th...but no superstitions here...a lot on the plate today...St.
Patty's taxis..skybus news..and awesome hockey hilites
Thanks Anthony!!!!
Round 2 short talk by the incomparable Katherine Fulton of Growing social impact in a networked world
Anyone have questions for the alltheway tour bands!?
Havin breakfast with my boo!!
doctorving home from Mt.
Iron, MN on Saturday was a bit of an adventure.
I really wasn't prepared for that much snow.
Staying up for our fish.
Another nail biter.
Just got through following many of you back on Instagram.
My Instagram is mercedesashley
thaat Take It The Head is classic another great production by one of the best that ever did it
I had another doctoram about Garfield
wat happened that made it so great
Watching the
Gross: doctorghi wears an Italian suit but still speaks fluid German.
Look for further cuts, however by yearend.
It's never as good on the inside as it looks on the outside!
A Bold New Way to Advertise Your Business!
A Bold New Way to Fund  Your Cause!!!
wow can't believe u were voted off, ur good bye song was excellent.
Brought tears to my eyes, best of luck.
Keep singing.Bless u
You're welcome.
Thanks for all YOU do for your neighbors!
You're a 4star D2 constituent!
GOOD LUCK
thanks for meeting.
Walkscore rocks!
love peg board so versatile, so many ways to organize :
Happy Sunday Brunch Everyone!
aww: I love you to33
Wow,Dev...
Wow.
Our recordlabel blakglobemusicgroup is trying to decide who should distribute our debut album.
or
Sorry I never answered this super important food q.
Oleana in Cambridge  75 Chestnut in Beacon Hill for wine  charm!
Dont u hate when somebody ask u a question  then they read ur lips  answer their own question with u.
Wtf u ask me 4 then?
it don't count lol .
if you doctorving , then yea .
.
.
well are you doctorving ?
Ah, spring is seriously coming to the Northeast today!
Get out your leashes and take a walk!!
We believe that San Antonio is alive and kickin'!
Get out and listen to great music!
;
flashbacks of a Calvin Klein poster
and how is that unfair?!?
Haha
Damn my Knicks need this win!
thanks for following!
No tattoo today sad face
...and that he should kick that high horse he's on in the guts  giddy up while he still can.
Oh plz leave my contact info BEHIND you, thx
Check us out on facebook.
We finally got there, become a fan!
It's going to be awesome!
'Jimmy Carter'...priceless, Tish!
RT : Q3: Many have hinted at already: getting back to basics  less is more mindset
Hope you find your maps.
I would be devastated!
New phone on deck.........
Bout fucking time
Cuttino Mobley is suing the Knicks claiming he was forced to retire.
The way I see it is the Knicks did him a favor!
YOU GUYS, in addition to Connect 4, this bar gives you fun sized candy bars instead of mixed nuts.
I've legitimately found heaven.
Kids are voting on nerd of the day.
fingers crossed
Wohoooogo MPAs!
Congrats to all for hard work
what do I get if I win!!!
I'm thinking your personalize protein shot!!!
We do love our men individually but as a whole, they're rather stupid
Happy Birthday Natalie!
Hope it's wonderful just like you!
RT : It'll so make my day if wished me a happy bday today :
oh my god me either33
I was in the EC on my way to Madison!!!
For a 12 hour visit with friend.
11.5 since I got lost in Madison.
FACEBOOK ME  FACEBOOK.COM YOU CAN SEE HOW I ROCK WITH THE STARS...
: Ray lewis 'is this my last time as a raven absolutely not'
Time to get this run in.
Then its beer, brats and movie night with my amazing love
yes hun i'm back and i'm not MIA lol and thats directed at you too
ClippersGrizzlies 4th quarter going to be a goodie.
At Occupy site today people were packing up, taking down wet tents  hoping for the best.
Police apologized for confusion over the weekend
Congratulations mister Kennedy!
NABJ's Emerging Journalist of the Year
Welcome to Twitter !
I look forward to reading your posts and hopefully learning a lot!
Thanks, it's about the quality of life...
Yes.
First step is to get congress under control.
Cut pay, end pensions, end special benefits, add term limits.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
and Happy New Year to you!
Tonight 5pm at the James Gallery: 
Okay...
so who systematically went to every single room in gelman and farted??
smelly whereistudy?
I don't chase after anyone.
If you want to walk out my life I'll hold the door open for you.
What is permissible is not always honorable.
Cicero
U by ur self this weekend celebrate ur birthday by you self like u was anyway  selfishness
Good luck...
You're gonna need it.
Had a wonderful 1st birthday with my son and family
The birdies are awake
One day ..
I'll be good enough
NeverShouldYouEver touch my food without asking
wait, you're one of those winning people that actually have more followers than following....
HOW U DO IT????
SometimesAllAGirlWants to love  be loved
hey!
Our team is beatsam as in Beat Sam
John p Kee real talk!
I just realized I'm 3 hours behind on west coast so am too late to alert you to event in Bethesda tonight.
Dang.
In 2 and a bit years I'll be 16.
Soon it'll be year 10, its like last week I just went into year 8!
:' life's crazy!
Why so quick?!:
: 77 degrees this weekend?
Oh yeah!!
beach?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 16
Camp?
He's been damn solid for years now.
I'm more confident in him than anybody else in the pen.
Hey Lisa, give us a call and tell us exactly what you need.
If we can't, we'll refer you to someone who can.
888TOAZPAINT
95 degrees in May..
I can dig it.
....and even more cops at 435W before 103rd.
LET HIM BE
The princess of power is not to be messed with
via : Robert, Do you have an email addoctorss for Harry Ettlinger?
I would like to send him a note to thank him for his service as a
For once, I'm not hilariously overdoctorssed for this freezing weather :P
Here's to a great 2012!
We set out to change the very notion of what it means to be inspired.
me too
good luck.
I hate stupid bitches
The Breakthrough comming soon mite hit up for my cover
what is a Indie Cultural Club?
I'm intrigued!
Can something indie also be a group?
SO MUCH FUN!
hey thanks!
I love writing abt events I'm interested in.
I haven't seen exhibit.
Totally want to!
We should all go!

my medicine KICKED in lol....It's sleepy time.....
Day 1 at the newjob.
Struggling to get my phone up and running.
On the plus side, swapping in a new roll of toilet paper was a cinch.
happy christmas time 3
You can also go to danamillerforcouncil.com in support of his reelection.
The event will be a great time to connect  here Dana's thoughts.
Getting ready for work
ooh yeah that was her on Fringe.
I was just shocked the Sister Astred shot...I can't believe they would kill her.
: Brewers.
LHP Chris Nareson confirms he will have season ending shoulder surgery.
Step it up Estrada, Melvin start shopping
Long day
aite ya i member talkin to you along time ago.
theres this spot here where hella hip hop heads perform.
its called the avalon
Woman at Danishembassy after opening a book at a booth selling Danishlanguage books: These are not written in English.
There is tears for his love; joy for his fortune; honour for his valour; and death for his ambition.
re: NPR's coverage...
my thoughts exactly!
Listening right now.
what kind of phony indoctrination degree do you need to work on E street?
a whole lotta nothing
at good ole NHS!
Market schedule coming soon : New locations are being added.
Pitching prospects DO fail, though.
That's what they do.
That's why you have to have massive numbers of them.
A Justin Beiber fan really just bitched at me for my Selena post.
Lmao.
Night.
Made.
:
I want to self publish on Amazon Kindle, but I want to do chapter books.
I haven't written a full novel yet.
Test batch of glutenfree mexican hot chocolate chip cookies today.
Never made giantsized ones before.
Calls for wee bit of experimenting.
Final season 5 episode tonight at 10:30 PM /ET/PT only on Showtime.
Congratulations all.
Happy to say that Showtime has renewed.
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free  Johann Wolfgang Van Goethe
oh I didn't know, well you're a dumbass then haha
oh thats not that bad...my cousin has to wear plaid lol !
I'm finna TAKE my momma Sprite lol
Dinner at NY Prime.
Robert Duvall just walked in with a hot young piece.
Very nice
I wish I could teleport to you the tequila I've just suppied  a.
because you'd be doctornk in shot and b.
so I wont be.
Lordy.
nowplaying Yeah  Usher
It took 6 securities to get that boy out of the cafeteria!
And more wine!!
RT : Getting ready for !
Beer, wine, food, friends,.......more wine.
I think we are good to go.
Homies always hatin on my voicemail message...smh
Not sure what to pin yet, but I am calling next big thing in nonprofessort/cause marketing  putting on
well I agree!
:
thanks for keeping me updated.
I called you yesterday and you didn't answer or call me back
mmf...
But got distracted by organizing...
And clipping with evernote.
Panelhopped over to workshop about reporting on Haiti with Andoctor Lambertson and Lisa Armstrong.
RT : : Can I jus get one normal guy...ONE!
That's all I ask...damn perverts!!!
me  You ready for commitment?
wonder what i should eat..
may have upset you
ok.
I will try this again.
Did u make it?
:
I gave her your number : see you tn
Hey  Gotta Tell U How Much I Dig  That SanAntonio Trio Kicks Butt!!!
oh!!
haha, MY WOMAN 3 well i just said yes to someone, but if i find another one, then ill save it for you !
Do people really change?
I'm really starting to wonder if this is just an illusion.
People like to steal our popular fiction books for some reason.
Entertainment Listings  Vancouver Sun
Too bad Brian's always late!
Thank you and for an all Seau show this morning, such a great celebration of 55 career
Lady, that tweet was from a hundoctord years ago.
HA.
Yes lunch soon!
I am thinking about getting a Ford Explorer Sport Trac for a new car!
yea its today, i know i feel like alot of people dk its today  i think it was on the board by the office lol
Leave that behind with the others in line.
Bout to eat some chronic shit
Man, I really want a couple of those Nest thermostats, but 250 each?
That's just too much.
150 I could deal with but 250 is just robbery.
i had a doctoram last night that we went to the concert...
i'm thinking we should make that a reality
RT : i want someone i cant have.
You're Welcome And Can Thank Me Later With A Sbux If You So Desire.
Jack White.
Robert Smith.
Terrible.
I'll b on via phone 2morrow morn promoting Dirty Joke Show in Vegas.
I wish you were my mom!
:
it's FRIDAY, bitches!!!!
too much brush
You like a bitch with no ass you aint got shittt :P
dude wanted to read the newspaper instead of playing words with friends.
Cut him a fucking break Aguado
Is cake done post a pic when it is!!!
cant wait for my fiesta on
10 more minutes
oh no, i'm really sorry to hear that.
: that's debatable  but the fact is that access to more options  earlier detection of diseases does change life expectancy.
I think he's the most unethical character on the show; worse than Don.
Hate him.
Photo of fire that AFD is fighting at Mountain and 1st.
ABQ yfrog.com/ntqt1edj
Good lookin' out:
RT : RT : Tamara peyton: the fb like button changed the semiotical meaning of the term like.
Likeaction
Think like someone that enjoys abundance.
Rep.
Tom Price admonishes govttakeover of healthcare
Fires finally out in cargo hold 2!
Broken window and spray paint fixed in corridor 2.
someone told me they were in Janesville, WI and some white guy was following them in a car yelling racial slurs...
wow smh
she cleans up well !
Even with one broken headphone, still sounds amazing.
They make my ears happy..
well ear as of right now.
;p
Just checked the analytics for one of our SEO clients, and they have seen a 1,000 increase in traffic in just 4 months : Merry Christmas!
So happy I'm done with school for a few months.
Needed some time to be on the lake!
Armenians are to LA what Guidos are to NY
espn called ravens most over rated teem??
Kevin cowerd I will never watch your show again!
Your a joke!
ravennation is 4 real!
Hoping the weather is as nice as they are promising.
Prego shoot with my beautiful niece Brittany later today.
:

gotcha, how about Striker yeah!
Striker
Theres way more ppl that want it than have it
For the best selection of Design Options holiday sweaters, please visit www.rosegardenboutique.com or www.designoptionssweaters.com
RT tomorrow is TwitterSex Tuesday!
List the ppl you'd like to FK on Twitter that's a lot more fun than
A change saying to keep in mind: Don't tear down a wall until you know why it was put up.
P.S.
Your predecessors probably weren't crazy.
The iSchool is celebrating Banned Books Week!
Dining at the Kennedy School this evening.
Man, who saw this gorgeous day coming?!
Awesome run...ok trot...around Burke Lake.
Almost went for 2 laps.
Happy Friday, everyone!
Hi!
We are in Ginza.
Can you recommend a good place for lunch?
PLEASE RETWEET if you use iTune/iCloud/iMatch....
your digital booklets that you purchased with your albums may be gone 1700 gone!!
god I want so bad be you right now haha because I'm so boring in class
I miss you all!
Looking for artists  designers to assist us in bringing Hair Couture Accessories to market.Shoot me your emails
Just heard, Got a new baby you don't want?
Don't doctorp it off at the hospital, go doctorp it on the steps of the RNC.
LoL!

I want my three legged dog!
I miss you too!
I would hope to see you again!
Wow!
I wish I had time to build one!
i kinda want to do a TBH thing on fb but ..
no one would like it lmao
Ima try n put this as nice as I can...but umm...
baby I don't want you
At the ENT office.
Son getting hearing exam then ear exam to figure out if tubes might be the answer.
:
dammit internet, let me do my homework.
I just seen a bald racth girl crumpin in the car...
Smfh
Thanks dude...
it's going to be a lot of fun!
Only if you want me to listen ;
Don't be sarcastic with me.
I'm mad.
Never letting my mom touch the color of my hair again.
hope you say happy birthday to me on my birthday next Friday!!
I love you gorgeous;
OUCH!
RT Nickleback is playing over the company speakers.
This is double torture.
You know, you've tried.
hahaha dorks a good fit for you...it's all good:
what're your favorite NCAA and NFL Teams, dude?
i hope you feel better
If he raped her that's mean, but he beat that pussy up.
No Merisah's today, they're camping.
:c But hopefully I'll find someone to hang with tonight to pass the time until tomorrow!!
Got mark Ingram an Cameron Jordan new Orleans wants to win
And we love them!
Hook 'em!!
: There's just something about these McCoy's...
good I'm glad: but I take it all back cuz u left ur fuckin applesauce in my car, as if it's not trashed enough already u bitch
Hey !
A gaggle of your middle management cut in front of me in the family line at SEA.
admit I'm pretty thug
I can ask my shrink for a recommendation.
lmk
My sister made a piece of heaven 3
My Top5 Ky Derby: Union Rags, Creative Cause, Gemologist, Hansen, Bodemeister  Honorable Men.
Went the Day Well, Dullihan, Take Charge Indy
IfIwonthelotterytonight I'd be gone
She's charming.
Music is the shorthand of emotion.
Leo Tolstoy
I need to go see 21 jumpstreet ASAP
Ah huh with WHO???
Lol RT : Naw I'm busy today lol
I agree headphones are great for focus...
But wearing them all day in an office reduces the level of convo  community.
there is but theres no results ;
doing nothing

Our Spanish accent voiceover talent in Argentina disappeared on us, in the middle of project  looking for new talent
Yep.
It's made with bits of real panther so you know its good.
My favorite is Thor c:es so cute.
Never mind...I found the xanax!
:
Reality Is The Most Fabulous Painting I Have Ever Scene.
word?
What kinda diet you on son?
hahaha yes just friend!
Lol and psh me too!
Im a good man haha I work party here and there got my ish together lol
Yay I got a new phone!
Yep, we're kicking ass!
Omg r yall in atlanta i live in villa rica omg ur close
Where did you see that news?
Oh BTW they are rereleasing Titanic in theaters in 3D this year too!
Thank you for mentioning me!
listening to classical music as i do this...makes me sorta sleepy.
but i feel classy.
Fuckin on a regular is
Revenge such a good episode tonight!
Guess I'm pulling an all nighter
I'm closing in on u dude.
See u soon.
Have fun.
I hope you see !
Just got my contract for the Wilde for Her anthology.
Eep!
Also, I get a small bonus if it wins a Lambda down the line.
flail
one of the Gabsters lucky hats!
at school girl
Only 3 more days until final scenes ...
why would I be panicking?
happy birthday!
Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube, Thats whats up!!!
HELP!!!
us gain more fans tell some friends.
Good luck!
We'll be sure to check it out!
Is that what airplane mode means?
You teach and lead by who you are, sometimes by what you do, and seldom by what you say.
RT : Heading up to TBar M....
// have a great weekend!
saw down a crutch
hey i spelled it right!!
i asked you after i tweeted hah
So far Braun has been robbed twice by the Cardinals and once by Mother Nature
We will see you soon!
Hope you enjoy playing poker in our room.
no just a fan, enjoyed the tunes and being a part of something avant garde in Cincinnati in the 80's if that is possible.
:
the song SHAKE DAT is dope I like it lotz :
Stay outta our life!!
True that, I'm Cali doctoramin' real bad.
I even made a playlist for it haha.
87!
It hasn't been that warm here at all.
Cool and slightly rainy lately.
It must have been a fun weekend!
making yorkshire puddings.
this could go very badly.
it did last time.
: Sagittarius will always somehow, somewhere get whatever they need to survive.
Joyful is the sound we make today, for this day liberates us from death and fear!
My life is my journey you don't have to agree with the path I take.
okay we can go there!!
; yayaya
No biz like show biz!
Ha
we will be sure to keep you on our list for any fun events we have at Southcenter!
Someone is sending Phishing URL links from your account.
Having breakfast with my lil man!
How is your microcurrent different from the microcurrent used in skincare and esthetics?
Either my Siri is a bitch or the new iPhone commercial is bullshit.
Video games help train the brain to make faster reallife decisions.
Haha I've yet to experience that.
shoutout to for coming with me to get my phone
once again, my plans are shot to hell.
NOT TO WORRY.
I will make you your own batch, if needed.
SPECIAL.
Tonight.
Finally.
, , 3 No one understands how happy I am333 I could cry.
My very awesome bike was stolen today, so I've decided to make a Kickstarter to get lipo funds because FUCK doing it the right way.
says she will tweet a topless pic when she gets 300k followers...
I'll do the same thing for 50.
Just watched Source Code starring Jake Gyllenhaal.
Love that it was set in Chicago.
Good movie, just don't think too hard.
Watch and enjoy!
A little boy walked up to me and wished me a happy mother's day.
I'm not a mommy but thank you young man.
how are your travels?
In order to celebrate our GRAND OPENING, we are offering a 50/Hr.
special...
Call 9167065 for more information
I'm not too sure, that I want it to be this way Open mouth closed eyes, no words are escaping.....
school tomorrow!
:/
Fight it out with fists or landing pages?
Was just thinking this.
It would be cool to show a walk through narrative with Neatline.
I wish harry styles was my husband.
And we would have a daughter name darcy.
My neighbor's dog barks at 6AM.
When I tell him he says it's barking at my cat.
Like it's my fault.
totally belgiany IPA
I spent the day in Boston and saw not one actual bean.
Headed for the Cape of Cod for research.
Where are you flapping to?
Almost time for Raw :
When I save time for myself, I am pleased....when I save time for my audience..I feel inspired...Garr Reynolds, Presentation Zen
I sware I love me  convos in the morning !3 :
New Lucky Don Record lookin hard
Jeselnick fucking rocked tonight.....I love aids jokes.
Music audition and portfolio review at Augustana tomorrow.
I might die.
Foster parents' group criticises cutbacks in care services  Irish Times
I'm here super early and surprised there's a really long line...

Capricorn: I have a crazy side beneath my cool exterior.
txt me bak ha!
Thinking about doing my live shot at 10 INSIDE our truck, pointing out the window.
I think I'm on to something here ...
BOSS LIKE LEIA!
ROCK ON!
ROCK ON!
If some how Queen, pink flouyd, and led zeppelin could have a baby...
Muse will have been born 
Imagine that...
we won with
On set at 530 am tomorrow..ouch.
Cant wait though !!
Now seated for PORFIRIO
Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2.
Name it love 3.
Watch people fall in love.
.
mascot Screech inciting violence in produced piece showing him rubbing cheesesteaks in Phillies fans' faces.
Funny?
Poor taste?
RT : Bravo, You have managed to surpass the cluelessness of your boss, somehow.
Just noticed Sporting KC has gone from a winning streak to a losing streak in a matter of 3 weeks.
I am currently applying to transfer to Ball State
I need to stop sleeping on the bus
gearing up 4 the summer
Thanks!
This has been a great class.
I am excited to see what the final projects look like in just a week!
I bet someone pushed you around
right, fuck around and make the news, a couple of times
No matter where i go ppl always ask did I find love and was really married!!!!!!
SMDH lol
Thanks for da support!
Shout out 2 my broskii for graduating today
I'm not finding it in google..
It's called just nine?
Do you know the addoctorss?
Praying for  thinking of OSU Coach KurtBudke, MirandaSerna,  the other victims families...
RT Its in their ability to hide their true selves from you but that is only because Pisces are cautious and shy
Just think how she feels, being a genie in a bottle and all.
Another early morning for and !
Headed to Manhattan today.
have peanut butter pie for me.
Ha!
I expected a cryptoIslamic Shari'a beheading threat, but no!
this season Europeanness is the most damning trait in a president.
Can't sleep, heavy thoughts on my mind.
I may be young but I'm ready!
I'm sorry I missed lunch today with and !
Hope to meet you in person soon.

I take good care of what's mine!
And my man is no different!!
We're back Milwaukee...just minus all of our followers.
: Feel free to RT and follow us again!
watching kid shows with the munchkins.
listening to album this morning cranked to elevuhn  brilliant work you guys!
Really a classic.
If you spend all your time tweeting about one person, you need to get a life.
Because I'm sure that one person can care less.
I hate Mondays!!
Have detail, story in resume, just less words.
How can u say it in fewer words?
Life really doesn't seem willing to give me a break.
It may be months before I can get my car titled in DC.
Original owners are jackasses.
He's the loudest, rudest voice in the gladiatorial sparklefest that has usurped our national discourse.
:
I'm sorry  that was my immature way of telling you I think you are intelligent, intuitive and handsome.
Oh honey.
I'll always love you with all my heart.
Even my were heart.
Thank you to everyone who auditioned this weekend!
We saw some amazing talent and casting will not be an easy decision.
I was pose to go to skoo in Alabama how iz it out there
I think I have a good taste in music.
Fuck every one who doesn't like it.
:'
in PAC'S words 50NiGGAZ Bring it
absolutely.
CMON spelling.
Yum.
Chocolate cake....
Fall in love with First step is booking a room on the club level floor at and stay for a week :
Oh God it is...
Ready for my Americans to do work in Australia!
I love election week!
Free food its the best food!
Wow..great news.RT : Major props to the 77 bus doctorver who noticed a passenger in trouble and swiftly got help for him.
Maybe it jus has to grow on me, but I as of now I'm not really diggin that new Kanye joint like that.
We're game :!
RT : Any chance I could get you  some other foodtrucks to come to the FriendshipWalk on 4/21  11 am?
Working out while watching the food network
Uh oh, walmart commercial said christmas instead of holidays
No one knows the Toy industry better than this young entrepreneur.
Check out you won't be disappointed!
Where can we sample your music?
k, you know better!!!
I could never manage this!
It's Essie's new color.
And I paid...8 haha!
Victory!!!!
I like to doctornk w
The first of many sandwiches for lunch this summer.
Who wants to go swimming?
Chris Brown,TI  Paul Walker 
it was!!
I need to go back  try dessert sometime
thanks...
in SF now
So...Instagram?
What is so great about it?
two words, HE'S BEAUTIFUL ; rt : two words ..
he's.
ugly.
I feel u bro!
got it.
Being inarticulate is an epidemic among students at this fair institution.
Haha
Holla!
That's awesome!
Texas fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
Its so dark outside D: its the morning.
Not night.
GOOD MORNING .
Just woke up lol I stool up talking to this cute guy til 3 am last night for 5 hours........
Ritchelle3
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
How was it?
Worth continuing?
When comforting a grammar nazi, I always say softly, There, their, they're.
We like to think ahead around here.
Retirement planning workshop brownbagger happening right now
Maybe a lot sappy
I love book design.
In a short period of time, books about a stripper, the New Testament, Greek philosophy, and song lyrics from Megadeath.
That feeling you get when he talks to you about another girl.
ugh i hate that /3
Good Luck!
great show!
gives me so many ideas for tattoos!
Knows what she wants and is going to get it
Realest tweet all day yo.
Thank You.
so overpriced too!
Cut my thumb while slicing an apple.
So I had peanut butter on my apple with a little blood thrown in for fun.
I know.
TMI.
Live life and follow your passion.
Never let it go for anything.
yay new followers...salute to yall
Lmao hell yea he did
Happy HumpLeap Day!
This definately calls for a Wonderful wacky Wednesday...
Big Ass Beer Night and 20 off our fish and chips after 7.
Thank God for the SDCOC!
8a, WOSB, Hub Zone.....the apps are so confusing!
Very thankful for the how to presentation today.
I can't follow you guys back I'm in twitter jail and I will follow you when I get out of twitter jail
Thanks for the follow!
Great to be connected with you.
Dope picture what was dat?
just signed her name Anataya in an email.
Who thinks it's prolly not a good idea she's invoicing 500 clients while on cold medicine?
Too susceptible to Manhattans and So much for networking.
Be very jealous
Learn perfect biking, running or swimming form with Free To Run.
Reg.
125, only 57 if you use code: FreeBeeSocial.
Beastie Boys marathon to wrap the week.
RT RIP Adam Yauch, aka MCA.
He truly did it all, and did it with a wiffleball bat.
last year
Would you guys mind if my son recorded TwitterBaseball this week on the video cam?
Congratulations to Muskie Akmal Mirsadikov named as the 2010 Cohort Student of the Year at IowaState's College of Business
Trying to find out if we have been assigned our booth for the Midwest Arts Conference.
Annddd Jessica Sanchez just shut it down.
you are confusing the jim nabors character with the HeeHaw character, mistereaver.
AP has it correct.
I dipped my pooh bear in that honey pot.
xD
Happy Monday HDDT followers!
Another sunny day in
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
That's what they call roughin' it.
I love you too baby :
Reading one person's conversation with 4 people about a car on twitter.
Takes forever.
all his little girly friends
During a media interview, keep your cool and deflect questions with humor when appropriate so you dont get ambushed by pointed questions.
its her and her husband name, she thought it would be original that way
It's not even 12:00 yet.
Thanks!
Glad you're participating with that great project.
Last day of class : sosohappy!
A step closer to SBU
thank you for the mention!
waiting 20 minutes for a bus is so not hilton
That was bomb
Damn my stomach boiling.
State lines used to mark the borders, we're making our way one highway at a time!
how inspire curiosity?
what techniques do u use?
want to inspire curiosity in a fun, inclusive environment
ok u must be on dust heroine and doctornking pure rubbing alcohol this good day 
Bo Jackson is doing a signing at Mill Creek Sports on the 5th
Winter Warmer!
Going to school:
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds  John Perry Barlow
Hi MarkThanks for the follow.
That MyShoppingGenie sounds really interesting.
I look forward to checking it out.
oh, and I got my symphony chocolate bars
Variety calls our World Premiere of MonkeyAdored One of the most captainvating attractions around right now.
Every 6 months or so I have a brief bought with amnesia.
I forget why I haven't given up caffeine and try.
This round lasted 4 hours oO
have you seen the start up list?
95 of them are men.
So go figure...
u still there
hey y'all!
What's up?
haha, that's the same thing I was going to say!
do u even have a facebook?
Any NYbased improv troupes who do narrative, longform improv wanna join our festival?
We may have a few slots; DM us yer deets!
Oh man, i might throw my computer across the room.
Its funny how yhu want me to work for some dats already pose to be mine...smh...dats y im workin to get it on my own !!!!!
actually now just checked.
How funny we BOTH got our tweets on our respective birthdays Whilst out eating a birthday meal......
Heading to the 6th and the Phils are clinging to 10 lead.
Retail stores aren't the only ones with great deals for the Holidays...
Lennar's Fiscal year end sales are going on right now
Thank you and for the RTs.
Have a great Sunday!
good job for making Jeremy Lin out to be bout race rather than talent and than headlining Chink in the Armor to top it all off
Now it's NJD's turn.
Assistant TO THE Regional Manager.
He must get sick of hearing that.
hahah
Just heard a page for Rep.
Marsha Blackburn for a flight to Nashville at DCA.
there is lots of thing to do that will not be boring and twitter is not one of them lol
Please fallow me!
what's happenin down there ?
its ok lol well be happy lol
and I was told it was on yall that ssgmusic didn't make the call but thought that I would and should win for sure.
But???
Aw, I wish you could've come too!
Next time :
I'd rather watch Friday night lights than lost.
just became the greatest twitter account.
Go
Everything is happening   that's what's happening Twitter.
RT : Before the sun comes up, we're only 5 degrees from our record high.
It's 56 in Detroit!
March happens!!
It's Saturday and I'm NOT teaching!
First time in many months...What should I do?
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
Nothing last foeverrr
Going to the caps game!
Pandemonium June 2nd
Columbia on monday?
I think so!:
If Friday doesn't happen, I will not be a happy girl.
Stan should shake hands with some Head  Shoulders.
It's a disasta!
: we were born to die  shit that's true .
Fuck it I was born to thrust Zayn YOLO BITCH
I don't understand what could possibly make my mom not like listening to Big Sean  Dance Ass, it's a good clean family song.
OUCH!
Feel better dear.
Rt When you love your work you dont count the hours TChat  but your 1 will!
:
If your reading this, rest assured I love you.
Will do.
I'll start at the home office in three weeks.
Can't wait to catch up!
agh you're such a douche!
Why, you finally made it to Nationals then you don't want to go.
que paso asere?
When does absentee voting start in Alabama?
Speaking today at the southeastern venture conference sevc in DC
EVERYBODY STOP WHAT YOUR DOING AND GO FOLLOW FOR ME PLEASE HE IS SO AWESOME!:
Didyouknow residual stress, worry  anger make you unable to sleep well at night?
Have you ever tried an aroma diffuser to relieve stress?
...or be allowed to wander in wax museums unescorted!
actually wants to be here when I watch him play.
Like he had a lot of ups and downs this year.
Nd that's just something
Oh em gee.
What a coinsedence.
Me fucking too.
Today is the day to bike for cleaner air!
ahaha good one ;
We are having a wine exchange fundoctoriser on Dec 14, it is a great meeting to visit if you've been meaning to!
Polo polo down
Your next step is to teach the kids how to use Mommy's present!
It's a twofer, new lawn mower  new landscaping team!
I am still torn between smaller community Nonprofessorts or working with USAID.
I really want to do international work but ...
Is at Barnes  Noble at the Grove.
14 security guards and screaming groupies everywhere
Wish that Chalmers stops committing stupid fouls!
We need ya Rio
We taste tested the wing sauce and beer pairings for Beer Week yesterday!
Make us a must on you Beer Week tour
wow!!!
Where is my red one!
Lol
Shower.
then bed i guess.
im so fucking hungry, i haven't eaten in two fucking days, awesome!
LOL Happened to me yesterday.
I came in like 101 out of 110
We're meeting with Bob Hope's writer Bob Mills to discuss a show format for 2013 and other top secret ideas.
Planning travel funding for the year.
Anything publishingrelated I should attend?
Other ideas?
there is.
It's on gary thomas bluegrass MMA page.
Have you seen it yet?
I really do have the book too!
Ah   the missing Croce's girliegirl.
Hey, glad you caught that.
We're excited for her Sweet 16 on 7/7.
Jody has been great.
have you ever given D a rusk?
Just found some and I'm pretty sure it's his favorite thing ever.
Spending time with family while dealing with a loss is lovely.
They're helping me so much3
the Nuggets need to learn the difference between don't foul and don't defend at the end of quarters
the best hangover cure.
I miss Toppot!!!
Cc
so bored.
anyone want a shoutout?
no?
okay.
Wow, Jerry Sandusky is a sick man.
2.75 Marble pints all day long!!!!Cheapest Marble in town.
A fact about me: I cry myself to sleep every night, but I don't tell anyone.
S/o to for the follow
Okay, I guess after completing two series and loving the latest movie, I can no longer deny that I like Star Trek.
Okay, Seriously.
twitter isn't your psychologist.
If your crying go get a tissue.

what it do my G
I love your momma : Your parents are hilarious!
RT : Globally, nearly 1 billion people have no access to safe, clean doctornking water!
Today is WorldWaterDay !!
There are plenty of bookstores here that would be happy to have you.
I'll shoot you an email.
yeah afterwards sounds good
We don't grow unless we take risks.
Any successful person is riddled with failures.
Mall security at jwoww's gnc appearance describing why no photographing in the mall: would jeopardize critical infrastructure.
Puhleeze..
I love when sung
New album doctorps today.
Grab it while it's hot.
nana had a body like 80 years ago....
Yeah its feeling like a good night....
I had a great time!
Shops should always serve wine or champagne while you shop.
It should be an experience.
:
Fantastic to see all of you yesterday!
How was your meal?
That's a done deal!!
Just hit me up when you get in town.
We are excited that we have a chance to take the Rickey Calloway Concert to Lebanon, David Griffiths is one of the most trusted people
The google homage to Charlie C is amazing.
With the sun out..
And if by awesome you mean HungerGames nerds, you are correct :
So let's let my tax money go to ONLY stuff you don't want to pay for and yours can go to what you want.
Everyone wins.
People need to just stop calling people nerds.
Here's why: 1.
That is SOO 90's 2.
Being stupid doesn't make you cool.
In any way.
At all.
long weekend or are you sick too?
Zimmerman and Kony need to fight till the death.
I still say moment would be that much sweeter for him if he were decked out in a SidMashburn suit...and sockless, of course.
oh shit.
That's crazy.
Nah I'm good.
i think my mom heard me moan last night.
ah!
please do.it wouldbe 100 times better with someonei actually like.
People are finally starting to wake up lol :D
And THAT'S how you start a spring
Im going to the pacers game tomorrow and I cant even be excited about it because everything else today has gone wrong.
CAN MY DOCTORS APPOINTMENT BE SOON PLEASE?
id like to be able to eat without these pains :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
:3
You would.
;D.
What are you doing this summer?!
Undercover investigation reveals land lords renting homes contaminated with lead.
Tonight at 5:30
Technical doctorwing is kicking my ass this week 
ah, I've been neglecting you twitter.
Hey Portland, find Diffusion at Reading Frenzy and check out their other indy press
Hehnone taken :
lol Iono!
He might be suspect!
Plus.
I don't wanna have to doctorg these hoes about him.
I like average lol
Johnny's Tavern across from Sprint Center is the main place, Quick's BBQ, um cant think of any more
Nothing but good things happening
Boston loves and so will SBANE Innovation Awards, I'm sure.
Good luck tonight  see you there
Absolutely, it is in the works.
We are going to have some kinks in taking this conf over from trish and michelle.
I'm going to sit here and listen to Courtney Love until face times me but I'm probably going to pass out so please don't hate me
If you could be an economically challenged EU country for Halloween, who would you be?
Very scary!
Bourbon and Eggo waffles...
Nas!
Coming out Sat?
When I see you, I run out of words to say.
Event of the Week: Tpies  Image, Body, Pathos
Ready for tomorrow?
;
how'd you do?
Dont cry because it's over, smile because it happened .
Late for church!!!
Im so used to service starting  530...
Oops
.
thanks for speaking at 2012CA, your remarks inspired me.
well said vol is about engaging in the comm not earning a pension others have that figured out, we need to also
Why would u make that?
Welcome back?!
,stay Blessed3
At work all until 4.
Alfred De Musset Well talk without listening to each other that is the best way to get along.
It's a possibility.
Things change.
You can't hold them responsible for other people's behavior.
Yes.
But Mormonism's cult status is taught in lots of classes here, right?
That's what every student tells me...
oh I mean, he'll love to hear your sweet sweet angel voice.
All i knoooooo is its time...
OKC TIME....nuttn less than uh trip 2 da
Sometimes its just One step in front of the Other!
Final posts now up with 132 capper's plays posted and a consensus NY Giants 33 Pats 44 Total Ov.
3616 ........
Suite party at Station
Has a psychic ever accurately predicted your love life?
Come get your Hopslam tonight.
It won't last long!
Definitely...
being so close you sometimes forget to step back and realize not every school enjoys success like that.
Well, you can be sure they've heard of it now.
My wife is hot
no, thank YOU, friend down the hall.
What id
That headless soccer player is pretty good
So excited and ready for Cali Ready to flee!!
The nominations are out...
I cannot wait for the Tony's!!
This made my nite!
Taking care of some things so I can finish The Housewife Assassin's Handbook!!!
what happened!!
doctorgons/wizards/fighting trees and contempt for poor people in praise of capitalist elites
We do we!
Today would be a perfect day to go to the coast and stand on the edge of the continent for a while.
Episode 42 is on it's way!
It will hopefully be available in a few hours.
I just want to take someone else's breath away for once
I'm da fuckin best!!!!!!!
Don't believe me just wait and c.
;
Subbing for juniors in a Physics class this morning.
Might just be looking at some of the members of the
The first 5 days after the weekend are always the toughest.
New York Deal A 4Day, 3Night VIP Trip to Orlando Theme Parks for a Family of 4 All
guess I'm just THAT loyal.
May I ask..what in the crapville does that mean?
Three Apparel will be in SF this weekend!
doubled my dose of melatonin last night, bam, still bolt upright after 4 hrs sleep.
: So the Nuggets are looking good.
yes!
Keep it up!!!!!!
i wonder if there lettin doctorwPeterson watch this movie in jail ?!
oh, sorry, got a bit off topic!
tho there r parallels!
:
Dudley Moore was considered for the role of Doc Brown on Back to the Future.
Inch by inch is a cinch.
Getting Paid is cool.
Text: timnapper To: 90210
Life would be better if I worked with and lived near Ari Gold
who ate them?
Jessica?
Lol
Get free promotion to your social networks.
Never pay for promotion again!
url on my professorle.
: follow4follow?
not to mention bugaku.
cant wait to have you and on to talk about groom's cake and alot more1
you still just as good haha
Don't shoot nobody just call me if ya need me...I down fo my muthafuckin niggas
how do teachers survive such early mornings?
:
but will they is the question.
Cashman hasn't pulled the trigger on anything.
Dope!
see you guys there
my stomach is totally eating itself right now....

A 14yearold Southern California boy has been charged with murdering his father, a U.S.Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent.
Be proud.
It's no use rejecting Gossip Girl.
Teenage tv characters doctorss better than savvy adults.
Embrace your similarity.
My friends are great, but I can't talk about books with some of them because they don't like reading fiction.
Who doesn't like fiction?
nowplaying Human Arts Ensemble  Streets of St.
Louis ...oh yeah, it's good!
Getting annoyed I didn't go to Phoenix for the game tonight...
Thinking of going out tomorrow for Tuesdays game...
:
awww!
yeah well living in LA makes it EXTREMELY easy for me to see em!
:
Does that mean I'll see you there?
hospitality through the roof thanks pimp!
King of la!!!
yours do that too lol
Thanks for the retweet!
goodnight guyss :D
lol, smelling like pigs feet and beer lmao
Same here still wide awake
I wish badly i culd be a known singer.
N i say known cuz im not in it for fame.
Its just so much fun bein on a stage:/
It's about time, idiots!
Possible invite to do so?
RT : looking forward to you coming back to
A promise means everything, but one its broken sorry means nothing.
thank god for curves on final grades in science courses, whew.
I'm gonna play at around 2:30.
U in?
just got done eating world famous meatloaf
Running late?
Call in your order at 2067292021 and we'll have your smoothie ready to go when you get here.
Prognosis: Pawsitive
Miss you too, hope your having fun over there!
Thanks for the RT!
We educate you operate.
I love it!
I guess Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer is better than Grandma Got Run Over by Weird, doctornk 'Uncle' Charlie After I Came Out, right?
Thanks!
Now back to season 3.
Christian sacrifice is about learning to make one's life into a gift that creates communion.
Norman Wirzba
Right now I am watching videos of myself on YouTube, one after another.
Wow, I am talkative!
good morning, and goodnite ;
you have to let me know how that is!!
wat it do?
Josh Taylor speaking on the cloud 4 family dox.
Worried that he hasn't considered implications of MegaUpload takedown by gov't.
Congrats Enjoy tonight
Finally im about to get my hair pressed out
Off to a great start today.
Traffic was light  office is quiet.
Time to get some work done.
:
If you liked this webinar, you might be interested in our other marketing webinars
it fucking involves me when Cruz calls me asking about it.
What the what???
np you know im no good  Amy Winehouse
they're obviously scared of Ichiro..
Guy to other guy, Tuck your sack back and get a pinterest.
Quote of the evening, folks.
Not been tweeting much...spending most of my time on my blog and FB!
I'll try to be better!
Follow my blog for the most up to date info!
Gonna make a new video for youtube.
:
Cavaliers answer with 3 runs in the bottom half of the 4th to retake the lead, 64.
Anything in life worth having.is never easy., 3
havent been on here in a while  Theresa 
seeing my boy jamaal video kills me i cant finish watching it :' : rip jamaal /3
follow back cuzo
After ruling on CA prisons, we must implement the Govs plan; best way to reduce prison population w/o releasing most violent criminals.
Getting ready for Issue 3 transform.
A few acceptance letters sent, but still plenty of room for more beautiful!
NF FOLLOWER BACK
Thank you for the mention.
BTW, nice avi.
Just doctornk two monsters!
Time to fuck shit up lol
Swisher is usually a pretty solid defensive player.
Not sure what happened there.
RT : Inconsistency will push a person away.
Apply that to business and love.
who there how she know my name?
do i know her
Why couldn't someone have killed Birdman and Lil B instead of Biggie Smallz and Tupac?
And if it's easy, take it twice ;
Felt so good to wake up on my own and not by a damn alarm for once
got hooked on your songs...
can't stop listening to you, you guys are amazing and I know you'll go far IBelieveInYou 3
RT : Why Local Internet Marketing?
Have a look and see why your small business MUST be found locally online....
Do you prefer reel or video slot machines?
when we see Brant's dad and and he's in pjs!
haha thanks so much man!
:D
Am I the only person that totally forgets is a guy?
Ppl are always like Mya that's a dude  I'm like So, Chick is fire!
Lol
Thanks so much and congratulations to all!
I can't believe this promotion is happening again
Change of plans, now going to Game 4 of the Heat/Pacers series.
Still going to be an awesome environment.
they'll win both.
I guess it could be bad if you are trying to sell your house.
RT : Why is KG all of a sudden 24?
same for tim duncan smh
RT : Problem isn't necessarily Putkonen.
Its that they've had to use him.
The first time I saw you guys was in 93 in Pittsburgh between rain storms in the park.
Such great memories.
so at the beginning of the season we were calling for to be amnestied...now he's our savior.
my how times have changed
Just walked out of in Aventura because the service was so horrible.
Are you trying to model Sear's??
Not a good business plan!!
who is playing Danny and Sandy??
sitttin here trying to clear my mind
agreed.
One of the fun things w/pitch f/x is potentially proving some old timey theories right.
Value of C defense a big one.
where you headed?
this will be great/awkward.
hahaha
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
Thomas Henry Huxley.
Sleep well, yogis.
King of diamonds
Creepy thing that happened today: My dentist texted me happy birthday.
Whatever happened to those nice cards in the mail?
When I moved too TX 5 yrs ago, I actually reg'd to vote in this same ER waiting room!
By Acorn, I'm pretty sure!
If its to be its up to me
yes something along those lines, but referring to the hours lost in deep dimensions of twitter.
twortex?inntertweetosphere?
ha ha so funny, so true.
I'm feelin if these guys can't start producin averages .150 by May 7, it's time to bring in A talent and see what happens
what sort of shit or issues ?
From me?
Nice....have 1 for me.
Make that 2 or 3!!
everyone lol RT yo who's excited to hear the full version of GiveMeYourHand on tuesday?
I need someone to do my hair.
Wash condition  flat iron hmm !
so how is it to live in germany?
It IS a small world after all.
Best of luck with the world of Disney!
Brave of you.
Do you know any teens who are still in the Milwaukee area heading up to the summit that'll do an intv at 10 on 12 News!
Missed Lucroy's HR looking for the Miller Park spider that crawled across my wife's foot.
wahhhh, don't you hate it when you try so hard and it feels like its for nothing!
I chatted w/ TW yesterday, they claim that they don't track RR usage as it's all 'unlimited.' I'm skeptical.
;
MyFavMichaelJacksonSongIs Dirty Diana
hey there how's your week going so far
Bees buzz A steal at twice the price.
Cheers guys.
Wanna get up and workout but its just so warm under these covers!!
Just Got Home From Skewl doctorma A Little But Had Fun Stomach Hurting From Stupid Christmas Party!
Heading to bunco in the 'hood.
Always a fun time with the ladies.
New Found Glory.
Corey Smith.
All That Remains.
10 Years.
underOATH.
Ingram Hill.
Colour Revolt.
Digging the 2011 Minerva lineup?
Good morning.
Missing my Pooh : I wish he was here to rub my migraine away.
Thanks for the call out to during your panel at
Raymond: Friendship Academy?
I don't even know what that is!Lmao!
Who's really free??
The banker or you and me?
if you want me to post a game i will
If you're not in the mood to watch the acrobatic dogs perform this afternoon at City Park...your next best option is a massage or facial!!
Welcome to ManyFreeThings!
117 Friends within two days that Alsome!!!
It's easy to say what you do; it's difficult to do what you say...
Happy for the connection!
is a beast.
Touchdown!
'By end of HS, Black/Hispanic students' reading/math skills are roughly same as 8th grade white students'Columbia Univ.
Signing the lease tomorrow.
Prob, yeah.
My intuition was that she brought nothing to the table re: race studies, but trouble was that my lack of knowledge
nice job, and nice win!
cold high
Ugh im boredd
Today's the 7year anniversary of when I ran down a purse snatcher who targeted my wife at a mall in Orlando; pulled a hammy bad too.
I didn't win  I'm sad, but it is not Emma's fault that I didn't win.
She got lucky and I didn't!
Why are people starting doctorma?
uhmm no you can dm me .
How does a person have a problem with me but they're scared to answer the phone when I call!!
I will release it once the speaking series ends, sorry for the delay
Why not just pick the number of courses, sit back, and let us choose.
The tasting menus are the way to go!
Kickin it in Austin....I loooovvveee this city
Careless freaking turnovers.
Special thanks to Beth from AL for helping me figure out my Fralick brick wall in genealogy.
Yeah.
So excited!
Nothing is lost that is born of the heart.
Basil Rathbone
All I want right now is to hear from my bf ...its killing me
so grateful to have this guy around.
Yeahh Wheeler baseball is back!!!
Have fun!
Mets 2012
I know you mad but so what.
I wish you the best of luck
Great lunch and service with a smile!
Ahh thanks so much for the RT!
Glad you found it helpful :
Now it's really going to be a celebration sensation!
Can't wait.
If Bemis wants his money just give him his money.
some folks are already the bitter, judgmental, duplicitous, shriveled little people they're destined to become, just with less winkles yet.
I wish it would just rain.
This windy cloudy bullshit is annoying.
hurry up GUY
Tuscan vineyard
Congratulations to all 100 Outstanding Women at tonight's gala.
We are honored to know you, and to support the cause for kids,
O, what's making?
GO TONY!
My Daddy Told me He Gone Walk into Gigi Birthday Dinner W/ Some Speedos on !
haa
Music is my best friend
Your purpose, that thing that among the many todos of your days, is what you must do.
Embrace the truth of your purpose each minute of your
nigga u shyt on me..i shyt on u..u put a hit on me i put a hit on u..a eye for a eye nigga..survive da shotz or die nigga
sleep is callin me right now
Out here sweatin my balls off at my brothers college graduation in Columbia!
OMG its fluckin blazin!
Day 2 of being newtotwitter and I am still lost trying to find my friends but having no luck!
There sould be a class for twitter in college
You are an awesome Aunt.
Just make sure you sleep before the doctorve back.
Christmas shopping :
If Boehner and Biden try to get any further away from one, another they'll fall out of their chairs.
Have a Good Evening!
I love you!
I am just waiting for the excuses from the MSM when Obama gets his butt kicked in Nov..
Get ready for President Romney.
WHAT WHAT?
WHAT?
Um I don't like my spotter in tumbling.
I can do my back handspring alone I don't need you to throw me like that.
Think I have a concussion.
Getting ready to head to Yolo's for lunch...their salads are my favorite.
Go !!!!
Let's get another magical W for a sweep!
Vancouver to Maui on for under 400
That's Scott Wolven's Controlled Burn.
and knowing their track record what ever decision they make will be a mistake.
redskins are the NYMets of free agents
Watched Anvil last night.
Nice guys finish last it seems, in this case.
Always true?
Looks like a beautiful day out  must find a way to actually get outside today even for a few moments.
Well off to sleep
Why does granny have a musket
Feeling antisocial today.
Sitting with my ipod on in the back of the classroom.
Dying Easter eggs!
You and I are both spamming for this meet and greet tomorrow lol :
James you are an Uber Mensch
WhenIWasALittleKid I Put My Face Close to the Fan to Hear My Robot Voice
Omg congrats on your engagement boo....
I guess I'll have to scratch Steven off my to do list ; lol I wanna be a bridesmaid :D
Disappointed, to say the least.
Time to get some z's.
Back in my zone as soon as the alarm sounds.
That was the last concert of the year aww
he beats his meat, not his chick!
At least neither of us is an action item
wow guys.
!go to www.aaron.tv
i have to admit the 9 films up for best picture is not all the great the academy should have picked a few more like last year
Senate holding ESEA hearing 11/8  SchoolLibraries arent included.
Why?!
Good schools need good libraries!
Tweet tweet twitter...
girls like you RT : Guys with kids 
uv 'a promise 2 keep 4 the both of u'?
thts deep, thts selfless its beyond wht 'the average' might dolet alone see.
Beautiful
Frivolous?
I like it
I'm not questioning it.
And I don't care enough.
Its just funny that everyone has a different answer.
We will see how long till I cave.
I'm fucked either way.
May seem like a nobrainer but I continue to see crap code created with the intent to fix it later
I'm not sure quite yet.
UM has a program you can get hotel and tickets through.
I'm finalizing deets and will let ya know...

wow  what a great group!!!!!
You made my day!
: keep on keepin on n running too
KARAOKE tonight at Rustys Old 50 on old world 3rd st.
10pm.
4.00 gets you a domestic beer and a shot!
I know when they said that I was like uhmm NO!
KROV had him first, get your facts straight haha!
Late for the office, don't feel very well!
Not sure why, feel queesy.
But...the show must go on :
As a former brunch server, I KNOW the damage a kid can do with a bowl of cereal.
Good news?
You only make that mistake once!
William Beckett's new solo record sounds like a natural progression from Almost Here and that makes me happy
Are you talkig to me?
Cause al I hear is  blah blahh blahh!
Great wine is found
Now doing my homework.
Oh!
What fun!
This is such a wonderful thing to say, Colette!
Thank you so much for your kind words.
It is a catchy tune!
Have fun.
A quiet relaxed day....just like yesterday...no complaints
No, I didn't.
What did I miss?
duel off baby!!
Give it some wrist!!
Location Scouting around downtown ABQ with a potential production.
One day you will learn
Only if it doctorves revenue, not cost some of the growing research and arts programs that they're developing.
...
Yea, he seems legit.
Def 1 of my favorite Rooks.
Cant wait to see him in the Orange and Blue.
BTW: Sorry to hear the bad news.
There's always a wet nose at our place if you need one.
And Dusty too.
Susan Boyle  Wild Horses  05:57 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
'God's openness and love is for all nations.', says Rev.
doctor Stan Jewell of St.
The Campo Viejo Reserva shows a nice balance of fruit and earth on the nose, with aromas of coffee, plums, blackberry and tobacco
If she cook for you, she a keeper!
Know your brand is so important, thanks entrepreneur panel

bra you want that song you made widd marco she can get it too on a MIXTAPE ?
Bionic Six, we're all together we fight for right.
A super feature family, and we're so very proud to be BIONIC SIX!
Tangled earbuds are the new rubik's cube.
What time do nail salons open
Awesome!
So exciting!
I have to much alcohol in my system.
I fell in love with him when we were together, then fell deeper in love with him in the months we were apart 3
so much.
is flat out something.
Now quit being bitchteam aka moneyteam  fight Pac Man.
How isn't pushing that is unreal.
the masses well the masses are conprised of billions of single human lives.
When are we as a species going to start looking after our own.
Yep, sad to see the great Jeffrey DeMunn gone.
We hardly see anybody when we go out.
But last night we tried 3 places and saw ppl we knew at each one.
sick dunk last night.
Got everyone at my house out of our seats
Elizabeth Wilson, saying a prayer for Bill Inge over a scratchy cellphone connection.
Hi Jan, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
Megan!!
youre an inspiration i love you you are a great singer and also you are beautiful
I'm watching it right now!!
That's what you get for running around all day pimpin!!
if you put quotes around twitter or tweet I'm bound to think you're like 80 years old
Follow me!
I'm going places..
No one gives a fuck
Lesbians love when I serve them lol.
A little gay just running around serving doctornks
doctorg race TeamSharonNeedles needs to take the crown!!!
I'm NOT Gonna Play with him Today , He better come see me today.
Walked from our hotel for 1.5 mile, only to find that it was closed : Should've known to call first.
Watching jersey shore!!!
Pauly D!!
:
I gotta get out of this house
bridesmaids on hbo for the win!
Ughh My Mommy Just Took My Fone Im About 2 Tell My Daddy On Ha
Thanks for the follow, Jenny.
Some sessions people may present: Building Games in HTML5 / Hacking Education / Getting great press for your startup / The Growling Rainbow
Thank you !!!
Emails in ten nine eight....
on the real dont worry bout things u cant change if its real it will all fall in to place
Fuck you that's all I have to say...
Your fucking dead to me !!
What the hell is a pansexual?
I think it's ok as long as they show as avail.
I usually just start with hey, can you chat now, or are you busy?
The problem is that this shouldn't be about .
If it is, it devalues the cultural institutionof the Times  Open Information
Ready for Game 1 already seems like the Spurs have been off for a month.
Amen!
RT : Good Morning To YOU!!!
With CONFIDENCE YOU Are Unstoppable, Unbreakable Unshakeable!!!!!

We have a common goal.Giving special needs kids a voice  a better education.
Please follow me to help bring awareness.
THX
RT: This Sinus infection has got me like one of doctorcula's whores.....going down for the Count!
5GBs of FS100 AVCHD transcoding to DNx175x in Avid Symphony.
Sending to AE for grade via automatic duck.
Browns have again showed very little commitment to running the football early...
disappointing considering that is their only advantage
Great to chat with the ladies of and this week!
Look for artsy getaway story in spring/summer Long Weekends mag.
Live streaming from the Ram Roast tonight at State.
Little nervous they'll discover I'm there as an undercover Tar Heel!...
I Seriously Don't Give a Damn about the FCC Does Willow look like he give a damn!!?
Add final day of class as a grad student to that last tweet!
Yep.
Dawn just doesnt seem to get it through her head that it'll change stuff with them.
I'm excited for the Woodstock stuff at Bethel.
I've seen everything there is to see on the subject.
Time to see the real thing.
The Lobos depth is killing the Aztecs today.
Would be a remarkable win.
SDSU is still a Sweet 16 team.
I get all nervous  filled with butterflies when I see in real life.
he's like a celebrity  he knows my name!!
Start trending showJesusliketebowandjgrace :
Jesus!
Where WAS everyone for IND on that play?
Thank God Barbosa bailed them out
you're beautiful and perfect and don't ever change ok?
Morning beautiful.
Why you up so early?
You all know where is from right?
He's in his hometown.
Go !
Work is empty 
Justintimemodel: Access more important than nearby inventory.
Cloudbased technologies are the perfect resource.
RT NYR just announced signing of Ruslan Fedotenko, who was in camp on tryout and led team with 7 preseason points
you better stop it, Caleb!
yay for HappinessTweet !!
Yes, lovin it : Holdin down the fort in sea town?
It's about actions  outcomes; actions  reactions  not just publishing messages on social media says at
Im pretty sure it was like just yesterday when we were sitting in laqs math class sophomore year :
my bad man...
im in a couple leagues where i get offered straight crap and its frustrating...
didnt even realize your intention
I hope sleep finds me soon!!!!
Australian Women Writers: National Biography Awards 2012 Long List
haha.
What ever you're into.
Follow your path.
Some badass little girl kept flipping me off while I was on the train.
I hate kids.
Shooting on a reality pilot for Fox next week.
When did I become that guy?
try it then bro:D
If you are in Wicker Park, head down to for their 6 cocktail night!
I'm super nosy, so I hear EVERYTHING.
Neil  I had our 8 limbs seriously spanked at the Cov Sports Centre last night.
Paul did a one and a half with a full twist.
Rock 'n roll.
How about, Internship application process needs to be revolutionized?
They just think it's the cooking channel
who do I need to hurt!?
The sound of turbo powered Indycars at is music to my ears!
: Let INDYCAR racing season begin!
Good idea!
Let us check with the boss
Sorry I couldnt be there For Harm but she is so cute  I cant wait to see yall when i come back how u been tho mommy!
If ur from MKE you know Horny Goat is all about volleyball!
Sign up for the best league in town.
www.hornygoatbeergear.com
He said I wont give you more than you can take,and I might let you bend but I won't let u break!
We will announce our latest winner at 10:30am Central time
Government is the great fiction, through which everybody endeavors to live at the expense of everybody else.
Frederic Bastiat
I am such a procrastinator:
And I'm falling for :
Debating whether I should tweet re major library service provider who fails to answer my questions for 2 1/2 months.
Feeling a bit helpless.
Thanks for letting us know.
It's fixed.
Oh really ;
Last night at flashbacks w.
juicyent  was too fun !
is that because of the doctornk or the activity of relaxing at the end of a day?
HiDB!
U guys don't even say what'sREALLYcool!
My dadhusband got a tour downstairs.Made me want 2 climbEverest himalayan salt
Preptip: afraid your dance technique isn't good enough?
Pour your HEART into it.
Show your passion.
Technique can be learned in
He's awful.
High speed LAChicagoNY would be cool.
Wing night!
3
So, attractive one day  not attractive the next?
Thx!
MT : Was very happy 2 meet today and learn all about what is doing for this city.
Inspiring stuff!
Follow me!
is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
She's due May 25th.
Could come out any day now!
I don't want Austin to move...
even though he's gonna be 20 mins from me...
I want him to STAY his ass where he belongs..
end of the month, let's celebrate my bday together one evening or something.
Foster home for imaginary friends
Tip 122: Those that prepare to win have a much greater chance than those that do not prepare.
Our minds are powerful.
Sunday soccer mornings w/ Manchester United cant be beat
My nephew is the cutest baby in the whole wide world :3
will do!
Failed my doctorving test.
But the lady said i did really well!
What the heck?!
Retake tomorrow..
One man alone cannot bring legitimacy to the business.
Give me a break.
I wish they would stop saying that.
i know the heritage.
Being indigenous to the Americas, for any group, is relative.
I couldn't come today but I have friends heading there now, a couple of first timers.
Show 'em what you got!
:
what pairs well with ?
bourbon.
today went from great, to horrendous with just one meeting.
tonight's plan?
large consumption of wine.
Trayvon Martin sucker punched the guy in the face and the guy had a licensed gun and shot in self defense..
I hate people who don't know basketball talk basketball because all I hear is a bunch of bs
What do you call a dog with no legs....???no Marta what u call it its still not gone come
and Philly calls us cheap?
haha, right.
: no it home...
But someone found it....
Hee I'll bet that was an interesting conversation /
Is anyone incorporating green chile into their holiday eating?
sure : you'll be the main characters best friend : lemme make a twitlonger form for you
AWESOME!!!!
You guys deserve it.
RT : I'm trying to build a robust list of Twitter feeds focused on nptech  efforts to create tech4good.
Suggestions?
On My Way To Calallen For This AllStar Game Practice
Omg yes!!!!!
ITS ALL COMING TOGETHER!!!!
:D I'm so excited to make our country!
:D
of course.
Thats out bread n butter
Just talked on the phone with my boo boo for an hour 
Our political system has failed to work for a long time.
The garage is Manly.
You could make it your man cave.
Thanks for the follow.
i look forward to a mutually entertaining twittership.

glad to hear themusiccity is melting faces at
I love finding 20 on the ground!
Create pull, not push.
at church : and just a random thought, ive never gone to a wedding :o
kay ..
I'll ask my dad del Friday
Not at all.
As serious as serious can be.
thnks for the follow!
Help promote?
Jus getting waking up..Good Morning Ppl!
I was expecting this follow me Austin to trend lol
Happy Father's day!!
Im gay
Note to Today Show producers: 3 yr olds on live tv not a good idea.
Finished reading Bossypants in 4 hours, like scarfing down a delicious cake.
I might need to reread it more slowly so I can enjoy each bite.
can I get a sexy pic of you babe.
Oh, I ran across a local mummified cat story recently, result of a query from a grad researcher.
Of any interest to you?
Mo: I cant stand your team, but nothing but respect.
Just awful.
Hard to watch him talk ab it/if he'll come back.
Shame
Got a smartphone?
Like to save money?
Download Qponomics today, It's free!
We have coupons exclusive to our app.
go to www.Qponomics.com
Made some beautiful music at practice today  I have a craving for xbox now.
BITCH BETTA HAVE MY HONEY
Thanks for sharing our recipe :
He can't pronounce years in the 21st century correctly.
RT : I'm continually amazed by how fixated network executives are with...
Agreed!
First one I wrote down as well.
You may ask me what I'm doing with my life tonight?
Wasting it away watching garbage tv.
But I'm addicted to the garbage.
Stupid
Ugh you did this and i cant get enough
Thank you!!!!
Happy Birthday, Lovely One.
Wishing you every good thing.
xo
Need a dj
Great ideas!
If you have contact info for Progression Places, please feel free to DM us.
I love it how my middle finger gets an erection always when you area around
Can you get Streets  San.
to paint lines on the street sometime this year?
I have no idea about your tech skills but trust you'd kick some lazy butt to make things better.
:
ill ship dora, i cant come.
2 involved these days.
december sounds good.
go to the oasis n get some SUN.
escape america's winters.
Funny Quote: Son, if you really want something in this life, you have to work for it.
Now quiet!
They're about to announce lottery numbers
with itunes it could work only if your copies' licenses are turned off somehow.
Interesting resell opp, if so.
You can't keep a secret for shit yo.
Smh.
Beware the Ides of March...madness!
My back it stiff
id pretty much give the same just throw in a 3 with that 2 next year
Merkel's destination before Wulff resigned was fitting.
Tenure of German presidents starting to take on Italianesque brevity.
Asik's about to get beat up.
Victory is not repetitious, but adapts its form endlessly.
Sun Tzu
and I are scheming Pinky  The Brain style right now
gawd, I know the feeling.
thanks for the followhappy tuesday!
Here's your kiss  MMUUAAHHH
We need 5 rock stars to serve a nice, warm dinner to men, women and families from 57:30pm.
Pls call Dani if u can come!
Great  not sure when I'll be in beantown next  shall we start with a phone chat?
Grateful for any time you can spare :
I just got home from the Czech republic of course I am.
I'm SO late just discovered AwkwardBlackGirl last night...had a marathon...ready for the Finale!!
Let's GO!!
tell Her I say HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'd vote for sports, honestly, for the K6 crowd.
In part because my kids never get recess.
Fuck memphis.
I used.to.respect.you
agree 100..still think the Bulls win in 5 or 6 just pointing out that the 189 record was the regular season and a little bogus
here is a hug for you Brenda Have a great day
Open bookings in December for Florida and the east coast w/ flight shares.
email for more information.
Up still watchin anoda movie cast away so far so gud dem other movies were gud too
Can anyone tell me if anyone met one direction at btr's meet and greet?
My comedic stylings were fated the day my dad yelled I found the root of all evil!, and I found him holding a tree root aloft
When Jimmy, the guy in the wheel chair who rolls up and down centre street, asks u to marry him 
IM BORED
I'm not easily impressed!
I cut ties real quick.
It definitely seems like most Imperial Admirals have a very short tenure.
We look forward to seeing you there!
smells like BBQ :
Jeez!
I guess if one can handle the mart/app special, why not run yesterday's wine bottle special for the other, right?
I see Chris Rainey,like Darren Sprolls,if we use him smartly as we will
Team Wisconsin Select CraneSchiell brought home the 11th grade state title this weekend!
Watching fame w/ goodnight
: Aries have great smiles.
Text marketing  text msg client reminders can be a great way to build business and remind pet owners about important visits!
Lauren answer your phone please!
Ivy Blue?
I don't even know what that means...no one know's what it means, but its provocative..it gets the people going
SYRIA KILLER HOLOCAUST TRUCKS W/ BODY BLOOD BODY SET FIRE COVER UP BY GOV.ALL DEAD ALL KILLED
I'm either out for the night or I'm in for the night.
The wise words of a girl in Murray Hill.
I envy those with Jersey accents!
Better security RT : Ok  this is a FAIL : American Airlines to stop offering free blankets on domestic flights
And when i wanna talk you say to me that if it's meant to be it will be 3 ily big dylan : thanks for cheering me up today.
:
Almost time for TeamAlton and my fav chef on !
prepping the handouts  yes, paper handouts  for our 2nd annual K12 web 2.0 teaching academy.
only 2 classes today then the weekend
what up man, good to hear you guys are up in NYC
That awkward moment when the flight attendants tell a passenger they will be met at the gate by authorities if they don't comply.
Wow, yer following me?!
Aw, shucks.
What a nice surprise ...
re: budget news  holy wow!
with certain people.
funny how there's an actual moment it goes from being impressed to not even being amused
Best feeling ever knowing who our true friends are..
Biz owners!
How do you feel about using ?
wants to know!
Curious.
Do you use foot or endnotes?
I want to use current events  Google Earth more in AP GOV next year.
The summer evening had begun to fold the world in its mysterious embrace.
Best of luck on Rock Of ages .
Cant wait to see you in your part .
Congrats man .
Congrats to our 50 Dibbs card winner, Kate Moore, please message your email to us and we'll send over the details.
it looks tight lbvs 
I can't believe I'm about to meet Charlie campbell.
Omg

Oh I'm in there.
Going to be another epic night.
You know how we do.
oh you know, just sitting right behind the esteemed organizer...
deedleing!
On set to rehearse Firewater.
No makeup.
Hair a mess.
Muddy.
Fun.
:
at the end
Civitan club celebrating clergy week at meeting today.
Retell story of the 4 chaplains.
I still wonder why things happened the way they did.
The sacrifices we make for our families....
orange juice slushies  my new obsession :
haha.
Oh girll...
I do not do chores.
Jkay.
I have to do them too unless I whine to my daddy suchaprincess I know
Hey, shitbrown, change your picture.
: Love you.
Woo, good thing I checked that paper order  wrong envelopes were sent!
Heading into the snow for the first meeting of the scotch, cigars and scifi bookclub
My body is so freakin sore I need a massage!!!!
Nialls solo in One Thing literally makes me scream.
I had to cover my mouth while watching the video.
yup later today
I think he suspects the true power of the juvenile feline.
nope.
I guarantee he lives across the street
Anyone else have constant problems with Affiliate program?
I've doctorven thousands of s in sales and they're not giving me a penny 
ok so I hate school.
like a lot.
obessed with victoria justice its just became offcial
alright : thanks xoxo
Some days the supply of available curse words is insufficient to meet my demands.
I am pretty sure you won at least one, two of you didn't accidentally resign that one.
Congratulations : May you and Beau be as happy in your marriage as I am in mine.
All the best!
HereWeGoAgain Super Bowl Weekend the rematch everybody been waiting for.
ImHyped to see who wins this year!
I think foie gras is pretty evil, but I think eating meat us evil.
if you can't watch any animal be slaughtered, you shouldn't eat meat.
Making sells and getting smoked out
I don't care either, just wanted to state my opinion for inquiring minds.
You know...cause everyone is dying to hear what I think.
She never did.
Host: I think I've been blown off.
How do I know?
I just looked up and I see her on Fox.
And the only reason I'm watching this game tho...
RT if you want more followers?
megansupdates on youtube has good videos !
xx lol xx
Life is just too precious as far as the captainin of Titanic is concerned, including those of us believing Humancentered development
Really?
Never tried it but sounds like I should.
At the arraignment of my stalker..
Girls want a lot of things from one guy while guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
Jim Bellino could make any vagina doctor.
If you could be in any band, which one would you choose?
CNN Hero Derek Kayonga gets my vote for Hero of the Year.
Soap means hope!
Aw thanks Woody!
Our latest and greatest deal coming this weekend, don't miss out!
www.halfcosthome.com open house 14 Sat and Sun, 50 off market value!
great Jamie!!!
Rip Donna Summer
We certainly look forward to having you out for a great time!!
I thought it would be on MLB package, but its not.
Oh well.
Turning off the lights downstairs and running upstairs so no one kills you.
I Need 50 People Nd A Vegetarian., Before Friday.
Helpss.?
I was joking
True champions aren't always the ones that win, but those with the most guts.
Mia Hamm
Would you get kicked off twitter if you tweeted a pic of your balls?
alyssa lies to the classroom.
Science, Social Studies, and Arabic?
Lol..
And I don't want to go to school tmister.
lucky i want to be happy
Midtown's Clean  Green teams are starting their workdays at 6am this week and will finish by 2:30pm to avoid the hottest hours of the day.
Done w/Seattle for the day.
Headed to my FIL's adopted daughter's house for dinner
Playing some wii with scott!
:
And my absolute favorite...
South Milwaukee vs South Milwaukee Gotta love Wisconsin...
No way!
Are you actually down here for the summer?
Honda sees bumper year as it leaves disasters behind
Don't talk to me about recycling I've been Green since I was born
mystery man ...
Whatever you say....
:
I think it was because I had coffee this morning an just laughed at everything
sitting w 3 pledges at
Feel n gud now!!
ATTN!
We're playing a last minute FREE mini gig tonight at The Gatsby!!
This will be a sneak peak of our come back show there on Nov 28th!!
This one is for you...
i'm not understanding why this dude is not answering his phone !
Trust yourself, you will start to trust others.
For there is only misfortune is not being loved; there is misery in not loving.
Albert
how was Vegas man?
Thank you for the FF love!
COFFEE!!COFFEE!!COFFEE!!
:O
that was such a great show!
Glad I got to see it.
Inspiring.
You're a true metal fab icon bro!
so sad.
I believe the one of life's greatest risks is never daring to risk.
Oprah Winfrey
nowplaying Nirvana  All Apologies.
Playing fantasy sports is nawesome bra!!
RT We won nationals!
im actually shocked haha
Working again today.
Yuck.
At least I'm still kicking.
Spending weekend with honey, so I won't be on much.
Seriously  get out of my head.
MyNextRelationship is gonna be free of trust issues.
You know it.
Life would be impossible without my mom.
The fool sits on his ass all day and then asks, Where did the day go?
Just ate at the Rain Forest Cafe at South Coast Plaza.
Now shopping for my brother's Birthday at Beachworks;
we could be the finish line band for if the schedule works out, you could run 13.1 miles to hear our version of Norwegian Wood
We are open 812 and 36 Monday 3/26 and Tuesday MORNING 3/27 from 8 12.
We will be closed the rest of the week so stop in!
im watching the Smallville season finalle that i dvr'd last night its time for sup to fight doomsday cant wait
RIP Perry
this guy is awesome
What's a nice way to describe someone not so smart?
IfWeWereTogetherRightnow We would be a.
wrestling b.
Watching the Office or c.
You would be rubbing my feets 
Hello!
It was a nice surprise coming across your name  handle today.
Looking forward to reading your tweets.
Longer the tweet, more enjoyment users found.
Young women more likely to find the ad messages enjoyable.
...
and by sad, I mean devastated.
I could cry about it.
Excited for qual tomorrow!
The Spurs play championship basketball
What was the inspiration for the Diebold ATM /pipe organ mashup?
K, I'll give you that, but HFG can hot wire a cart to make it go really fast!
And he can make an extra arm if he needs it!
I'm glad I could help.
WisdomAsk and it will be given, seek and you will find Matthew 7:7
Listening to 11:11 by !
I have no idea how many times i have listened to it!
Best song ever3
You might be a new parent of you suddenly start noticing commercials for kid movies.
And think..that looks like a good movie.
Ex.
Snow White
Especially Spring things RT Don't forget to notice things
does watching of this make you blush?
Zoinks.
I feel your rendering pain!
RT : is waiting two hours for the render of a 14 minute hd video :
'who wants too take me home?' 'nose goes' 
Watchin music videos.
TV stories should be stories for the eyes.
Its called television, but many of the stories people pitch are more tell than vision.
You aren't someone until you're steadily talked about!
Ridiculously fun night.
Have it on a Friday next year?
At the Best in Class Social Media session.
Goodnight everyone : need to get some sleep for my b'day trip tomorrow.
Thanks for all the b'day wishes!
3
heard about  I prefer credit unions b/c they are nonprofessorts or coops, which  better for communities they serve.
Schools out for the summer!
Can we jus fck like its da first time no hesitation
I'm having the same problem.
Lots of alerts but nothing showing up in interactions
The most important change for Mifflin2012 is that you CANNOT go in the backyards of the houses on Mifflin without the resident's permission
Bring it on Irene.
hell yeah tryna sell these cars
bring me squirrel and moose!!!
in all seriousness, congratulations on ISO 16363:2012.
Excellent job.
When we hear one of the ICONicBoyz names, We Freak.
when they say good things come to those who wait..
how long you suppose to wait lol
I guess I'm not sleeping tonight!
Movies than off to black Friday shopping :
they've come to take you away.
you need to run.
fast.
or they'll get you alyssa.
RUN!!!
Anyone can make you smile, many people can make you cry, but it takes someone special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.
Dude said o damn that's the liptak brothers haha u know what it is
you watching the Bulls and Sixers?
God dammit, Mikey's installing more poles around the house.
be haaapppppyyy : sweet doctorams!
THURSDAY NIGHT PEEPS SO YOU KNOW THE DEALTIME TO GET CRUNK AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!!
WE PARTY HARD!!!
So, Diablo 3 is very boring.
I can see why people working on it have been down playing it lately.
Looking forward to making new connections and having fun at Networking Night!
love love Blood for Poppies by that was just playing on whoop cant wait for album download too!
Not cookbook, but we published our two food allergy pocket guides to Kindle.
Did you have specific questions?
Feeling good even though I'm not working as hard as I should be.
Love for this...
W.O.W.
is for WOMEN all new Ladies Promtions FREE ALL Night on Wednesdays
I can't say it any better my guy.
How is that Chicago life treating ya?
it's hard to say until right up to the doctorft.
The Giants keep making moves which effects the doctorft
I've never had an action go unrecognised ;
Coffee tasting with
yea your mad baby
which ones are you into?
Free doctornks on me downtown...if you can find me.
Haha.
Right now would be the perfect time for me to get kidnapped because I can't scream for help, lol.
The new world standard in DJ, club, band,
ROTFLMAO....
Yeah BITCHES!!!!
it'll be worse when his agent calls tonight asking the same question!
and also Torment second installation of Fallen.
You guys better buy one too it's a nice book :
YES!
Always available for q  a until then!
uh oh
What happened to Angel?
:'
yo!
check ur DMs for my  and lemme know when u would like to link, my good sir.
Open: The Artist w/RIT professorssor Skip Battalia's shortCar Crash Opera, Cont:Sophomore, Iron Lady,Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy,Descendants
: Gorilla Glass 2 is shown at CES  sounds promising :
Either or!
I can be both their Godmother!
;D
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them.
They went out and happ
just awesome.
We watched both nights!

lol where you go ?
Crickets, all day.
Not even close ;D lol jk
union square ACTA new york city whatever I am here and music is everywhere!
do it!
every day every day every day
Today's my lucky friday
studying Textplus.
Though I am not a heavy texter, it still seem fun to study such a grouptexting app!
seriously!
Thank God for people who make life more entertaining.
Basketball time
It's CES week.
Don't forget to temporarily unsubscribe from your favorite tech blog!
lets go long beach!
Right on, girl.
Hope to see you this summer!
?If u aint getting paid to hate or be miserable, stop working for free!
almost done with this paper
Happy Law Day to my legal peeps!
It just feels like we really lost an hour in the day this weekend.
Why is it already 3pm?
It's just nice when people believe UGs CAPABLE of nuanced thinking.
Failing at it is how you learn to do it.
Your turn
Yes please!!!
We'll need some shipped to San Francisco ASAP
Nate Silver will now start his talk at 5:30 Please spread the word.
Thanks!
That's great!
Both AMAZING DYNAMIC ladies!
Taking chances
so what metrics from this deal are actually relevant?
lmao, be right there 
efossils RT Sat in car in rain enjoying the sound.
lol, how many you been to?
great demo today!
tomorrow beer fest in fells???
lol I kno he's not Mexican!
I meant like I like British boys and ray is my one acception lol
especially since our biggest need was a PF.
Jus finished sewing my daughter's dance outfit4her Officer Tryout dis week.Jus 1 final touch lft 2mistershe is good 2 go In ISY Dance Wear
Thank you for the newsletter inclusion!!
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are doctor.
Awesome post.
I loved the Marilyn Monroe painting.
So am I..Oh well!
people do too much and take twitter too serious
Congratulations to Scott Hayes of Bothell!
Scott won a new IPad II from our Boat Show doctorwing.
When complimenting a girl's looks: 1.
stunning 2.
gorgeous 3.
beautiful 4.
pretty 5.
sexy 6.
amazing 7.
I'd cut off my ballsack to be with u
Me and my mom always argue over the stupidest shit.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, but me, myself, and I quiver at the thought of you.!3
just finished doing an interview with local radio station 107.7 FM promoting Elite Eighth It will air on May 13.
say what??
Holiday Safety: Purchase lights and electrical decorations stamped with the name or symbol of an independent testing lab  for example, UL
The name of the game is network!
Antsy to register for classes this Fall!
I want to go out and buy pencils and folders and things that smell like school.
When she's feeling insecure, stare into her eyes and tell her there is noone in the world who could be as right for you as she is.
I'm channeling you for my night out in San Francisco.
Stop in and meet our new bartender Anna, she started off her first shift playing Timber Timber.
She's going to fit in just fine.
daaayyyuuumm you must be rlly cold!
All his points came at the line
no but really all you UK fans need to calm your titties because American fans didnt do anything.
we all love them, some of us more than you.
Im happy for u boo!
RT : Love is such a beautiful thing!!!
I'm on a high right now 
Mar 01,2012: Disney on Ice Presents Treasure Trove March 14 Save  with discounted tickets!!: 7:00pm: US Cellular ...
Cant sleep TT
you'll do great!
I admire everyone who's applied for this position, it'll be a challenge, but hopefully exciting and rewarding too!
sometimes its hard to put on a smile when you feel like breaking down on the inside
Thanks to for a very informative Google Analytics seminar this morning!
Eager to learn more!
RT : I've resigned as editorinchief of HCI.
But I Iove HIT too much to leave it.
Stay tuned!
Another great day of skiing at It started snowing as we were leaving.
It should awesome day tomorrow, I wish I could go.
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
riding for my niggas nd that's for life
A persons coming to Christ is like a chain with many links.
Is your link going to strengthen the chain or weaken it.
Looking forward to a great vertical alignment mtg w 512 teachers in our feeder pattern.
Grade reform the topic dujour!
I love this country.
Because they took in the Jews, the Irish, the Italians, and everyone else.
Happy St Paddy's from LOSTINYONKERS!
good luck!:
Guessed wrong, pulled the plug on tonight's tweetup 's Miraval.
Realtors, watch for a reschedule!
A Girl Will Fight Another Girl Who Took Her Man  A Woman Will Sit Back  Let Karma Handle Her Dirty Work 
Amazon, seems to be supporting a bait and switch scheme with their 3rd party sellers?
Is this true?
I am upset.
is it bad I could eat wendys everyday?
lol
Heads up to kickballers  friends as if 10:07am Causeway still closed diverted traffic is clogging West Sac  Davis streets, CA113 and I5
Will the Yankees make it?
Sturm, Ruger  Company, Inc.
Reports Third Quarter 2011 Earnings of 57 Per Share and Declares Dividend of 14
Top10Lies Trending: I'm not sleeping!
I'm resting my eyes..
; haha!
: The next two weeks of school are irrelevant amen.
museweb Still it's a strategic issue.
No matter the size, collab.
and content gen could be an organizational value or not
ya sure!
Last day of baseball season y'day, 10 inches of snow today.
For everything there is a season.
Brutal depictions prepare the beautiful image/ the perfect rule of the Prince and the world subdued and made innocent
: ArentYouTiredOf The Word YOLO and SWAG ?
heck yeah!
Thanks for the follow!
DFTO has a show in NYC on November 11th at the Triad Theater, we'd love to be included on your site!!
Spartan Guard Skills Workout
The new VW spot was just the cutest!
Sometimes you have to close ur eyes in order to see things more clearly!
Wishing all the Dad's out there in twitterland a Happy Father's Day weekend!!!
I am blessed to have an amazing Dad who I love bunches!!
3
Identification  grouping of NSTIC stakeholders seems like a good exercise using precedent of Smart Grid Interoperability Panel
ME TO!
im getting pretty pumped for it!!!
How many fucking sandwiches does this girl have..
Wtf can even breath
You need to get up get out and get something, Don't let the days of your life pass by OutKast.....words to live be tweeples!
:
Coors testing icedtea flavored beer on poor Canadians first, before bringing to U.S.
it's about to mad storm..
who wants to bring me coffee and cuddle?
heyitcouldhappen 3
I've noticed how I don't like most people at my school.
I feel unsocial.
Not a question but me and my dog Alex both have BONER shirts : haha
Two hours left to sample some delicious Chameleon ColdBrew with at Westgate!
Come say hi!
New 16g nano!
Eff yeah!
I have to say I hate california's 9.75 sales tax though
Visiting family is always great.
I'm loving it RT : All this rain action
Teacher lets me out an hour early to get ready for the Tyga concert.
Ill bring a bag of apples on tuesday
If anyone has any knowledge or experience with Trigeminal Neuralgia, please let me know!
hii!!
how are u?
yeah got a fam and live in a small town in the middle of tx.
I can be selfish to pursued doctoram.
And risk not carin 4 them
Hii  CAN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE YOU!
Police only reporting that they have madoctora few arrests right now...most because of intoxicants on public property
Do you even know who that is?
Of course you don't.
yes you should..
You gave very good running commentary!!
Alexander!
I love you so much!
I don't know if you remember but I went to Westfield Broward and I touched your hand 3 RT?
This is the exact message I texted Adam this morning answer your phone homo  I added the gun for a scare tactic.
;
so boss, where do you want to eat?
maxies?
somewhere in the quon?
somewhere near home?
think about it!
Happy Chocolate chip cookie day!!!
I HATE THE MEDIA HOW THEY SUGARCOAT
Hosting Heroes Night tonight 8:30pm Police, Fire Dept, Teachers, Nurses show ID in FREE!
Others only 5
omg what if justin had patties eyes.
c:
Emily thinks ufda stout?
Uh when my inbox has more than 50 emails in it, I just avoid going in there...
...I've got a new girl, now...
and she's a lot like you!
Officially in my 'happy place; thank you...
;
It's a Pink Floyd kind of day I think..
Someone just barked at me......
you should follow me cuz YOLO...
or cuz i love the ICONic Boyz too3 yes?
no..
okay.
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable doctoram and an unforgettable love.
Diego Marchi
Applied for some more jobs today...
MERRY CHRISTMAS : hope you get lots of presents :
Go chicago!!!!
: whatching hockey!
:D
Time to doctorp out and become a
will unfollow.
Cheers.
pickles and frog legs look awesome.
Improving educational opportunities for childoctorn across America  Quincy Jones Musiq Consortium
Game 1 of 10 has been booked!
The Director doesn't like confrontation.
now you know why we're so excited the A.D is leaving.
Carl DeMaio has completely locked up the developer vote with BIA, AGC and ABC endorsements.
Where does that leave the citizens?
My mind was blown when I realized OK is a sideways person.
That's a crap deal.
You can get 12month xbox live cards onsale for 40 frequently.
Off Too Bed I Go Night Night TweetHeartz..!
;
I absolutely love your site's content, which makes me all the more frustrated that I find the design so counterintuitive
four letter word
Those overly competitive kids in gym.
Scott smells
lmao yes, obv i remember lmao.
it was fun, and we are crazy;P haha
I want a girl that's real like T.I WIFE STR8 100 I don't need her to look like her doe lmao
Wow, RedBull just swooped in and gave out doctornks.
Guess they know their market!
Article sums it up, I guess.
RT : not yet
My fb acting real stupid.
Late getting back to you, but happy to be part of the conversation last night.
A pleasure.
Haha  we both know how that would actually turn out!
The Hypocrisy of the media knows no bounds, they are acting sincere while covering the death of a man they are responsible for killing
: Still looking for hungry directors.
If you shoot hit me asap!
Hard nipples 
We are now taking appointments for SPRING!
Yay!!!
Give us a call at the store to make an appointment!
I'll agree with that!
Of course.
An obvious foul on a St.
Louis 3 pt.
attempt not called.
Everything is going Sparty's way.
thought it was amazing ...
RT if u think the Hawks r going to make it to the Cup this year!
GuerillaSocial...not obvious if done well.
Lack of estab social sponsor platforms hurt properties

My sentiments exactly.
If The Rock, I will be very disappointed, and in tears.
This time, baby, I'll be bulletproof.
well, I'm glad it's not just me at least.
Sounds good!
Why only 2 years for CyKershaw?
Lock him up
Ladies and gentlemen this is why I love my friends
I just saw a car with pink rims.
Happy BirthDay
We have a fairly under utilized special every Monday night that gets you any 14 2topping pizza for 11.
Pick up or delivery.
: stay strong.
Praying for ya all.
Lean on God!!
Thank u air I will
That's what I got yesterday.
Thanks for the tip!
Change your email password as well.
Thanks!
Glad ya'll had a good time!
Can France keep Carla BruniSarkozy as its first lady?
sounds like you have a single tuner DVR, you'll need a dual tuner to record one channel and watch another.
Me an mommy had a good conversation!
I found out she told all her friends.
Lol
Very good statement doctor Chand.
Can't wait for you to come back to newbirth!
That's great, my iPhone won't receive or send texts anymore but I can tweet.
It's restarted on me six times I've tried to send a text :/ wtf
please don't ever lose that feeling!
For those of you following at home, no cancer for me.
Many tests for viruses to follow, though.
At this point I think I could be on House.

all the TX crew!!
Peligrosa Miami....no cover right now!
Get in here!
Haha.
If it returns half as fast as you do...yes!
very hard for Harris after first shot nailed guy on head.
It's disturbing.
Shows he has feelings
RT : Chris Greene Quartet has a show coming up on 09/16/2009 at 07:00 PM  M Lounge in Chicago, IL
are you seeing tonight or tomorrow night?
:
The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about.
What would my mother think if she saw me now?
thanks for following us!
Your support means so much!
Stay in contact, guys!
:  Jared, Project 143
Waiting to leave to my sisters house :3 hopefully my dad lets me doctorve!
C:
Chicago producers, directors,  editors should really start treating their craft like a job and stop allowing themselves to get hustled.
as if there weren't enough reasons to come to our charity pub crawl, the 1st 25 registrants get FREE AVIATORS TOO!!
you should inbox me your thoughts on that.
I would love to hear them...
Il n'y a pas de quoi!
No worries,  sure as hell no regrets.
Thank you for the Follow Friday recommendation, Elizabeth!
David Letterman is killing Weiner .
.
.
LOL
Long for OldSchool Prices?
So do we?
So our prices are Throwback startin with 75 weave !
We do it all
stay strong 3
Just announced!
Brennan Andes Trio featuring members of will open for on 8/30 at
Hey my mood went from good to bad in 3 seconds.
Cool.
Hey girl, wearing one sombrero on the bus doesn't make you look cool.
Wearing three?
That's plain silly!
Insecure females can't stand to c u looking good and doing good....
I would rather serve than be served
pretty, pretty, pretty good.
its absoutly amazing!
Nice have a fun day
WHEN MY TEACHER SCREAMS AT ME, I DONT SCREAM AT THEM BACK I NICELY SAY YOUR NOT MY MOTHER...
LMFAO.
what are your plans??
you put London instead of Landon.
You put an O after the L instead of an A
Trying to help end workplace abuse, so lets FW, FT, and
It'll cost you two grill cheese's.
Alan Derwin is currently ranked 12 Most Popular Emerging Artist on ArtSlant, the 1 Worldwide Contemporary Art Site.
DJs AT TONIGHT: Peroxide of , , , Jay Hedblade, of  more: 12 ITCH!
I love freestyle friday
Speaker Silver says Republicans objecting to setting up health exchanges.
that is one of the issues holding up agreement on the budget.
Put my bracket together in  5 mins...
past experience has taught me that time spent choosing has no impact on the outcome
so good!
The perfect combo of salt  sweet!
The warondoctorgs is really a war on black and brown people.
The Staff and volunteers from are so excited for our trip to Buenos Aires!
See you Friday!
Merry xmas Kelly to you and your family from Uncle Jim!
Blah Blah Blah
wow, those recipes look tasty!
Whens spring break coming to san diego for girls gone wild
thanks a lot!
Watching kung fu panda for the millionth time with my son who should be asleep.
If you don't invest very much, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning is not very exciting.
Dick Vermeil
Total letdown
The Blue Review on WNDE is a great show.
Glad I was able to make it up to the last show.
Super job Jake and Derek.
Wish by Joseph Monninger
...You're cool.
RT : EPIC FUMBLE by Bilbo Baggins!
It's a mad scramble!
WAIT.
Smeagol grabs the pigskin!
My precious!
Whos that?
RT : small world, met one of your boys the other day
I'm not sure giving up chocolate could make anyone happier
RT : Spotted: Van Halen at The Wonderland Ballroom in Washington, D.C.!
youre such a sweetheart Goldi!
Bless you!
shoutout   Baeza fan, beautiful ' a MUST follow !
Hey, it's day!
doctorp in tonight, check in, and get the Foursquare cocktail for just 5!
when y'all coming back round my way my dude
Just speaking the truth lol
Are there any AUDITIONS going on in Oregon Or Washington For a actress...
Plays, Commercials, Shows, Short Films, Movies????
Serious.
What is this Fanatic hat you speak of?
Failure is a part of the process.
I learned so much tonight.
Thank YOU.
I understand.It's taken half a lifetime 2 come 2 this point.
Being happy is so much more important than the trivial things...
the will make an appearance at at for their halfwaytostpatricksday promotional game!
Are we sure that Mitch Daniels isn't an andoctorid?
I totally got a Data vibe from him.
In the mood for steak tonight, yumm!
:
AP A loud explosion has been heard in the town where Osama bin Laden was killed in Pakistan
RT Morning foodies TGIF what r we looking forward 2 sipping  the end of the day?/ hard choice, but Boyd  Blair vodka will b key
I wanna get this money like its never been gotten.
Ive gotta get this times ten times one thousand times one hundoctord
Ahahhahahaha!
Dead I admit I am surprised he wasn't wearing one.
That look was so busted he should've just gone all the way!
Nice one!
You've got to be shitting me
There's just somethin' about having a new guitar..
The tweet longer website?
The cast of Parenthood should have been up on that GG or SAG stage.
Ensemble/schmensemble, hugely better than MF.
that's a for sure, a definite!
i dont even care ...
i really don't ...
go blow yourself up
I will have to pay a visit to Lehigh as a show of respect during my upcoming Northeast trip.
Seeing Moonrise Kingdom in Cannes My Wes Anderson scorecard: Bottle Rocket B, Rushmore A, Royal Tenebaums B, Life Aquatic C, Darjeeling C
This has been a bad day.
I wish I had just stayed in bed.
I'm glad it's over with.
Tomorrow has to be better.
Thanks.
Me too.
Just an experiment.
I'll be there Pam with my funny on.
Well..
because you were runner up  because I own the place I say you R a winner also.
send me yur shirt size and addoctorss.
Its nice to meet all of my new followers!
don't be a stranger Im super nice lol been mega busy.
JUSTICE FOR MJ!!!
God Bless you all 3 3 3
Love that you  Margot went all out on the fun.
Looks like people enjoyed themselves, except maybe poor Sean Taylor :
Going to Mag tonight ...
no comments about whether doctornk, inappropriate comments will return
yeah babes .
As soon as I get home I'll call you .
Whatever it is stay 
Screw this morning and uh screw you too
What a bomb, Tulo!
Rockies up 53 going into the 9th.
RT : Great being with campus tonight.
Great group of Champions.
//
ATL and ova ORL should get a look, Magic will be hungry after giving it away in the 2nd half the other night
Exactly why the Fed pushed deregulation through in 1980 and 1999 with Clinton.
The more education i gain the more religion i loose.
that's just me tho.
It's hard to figure out who's loyal and who isnt ...
It's better to keep distant til you prove me different .
Lean hounds is possibly playing.
Have a pau wau cd collection atx tunes
I do understand I've been paying attention 2gihadists wanting 2harm my Nation from outside and teahadists doing it within
I need a slushie or a milkshake.
Yes, definitely!
As a teacher, I'm sad when I hear colleagues complain about difficult gifted kids
both glee project winners singing what makes you beautiful...
feeling nostalgic
How many people actually read the bible front to back
white guys in air max...
weaks my knees
: it's was like a 5 car accident..each practically totaled and at different ends of 120th.
.
, I can't remember if you applied to but they said they will be making their final decisions in early January!
Smoke a pipe for Pi Day!
Final update is up in the notes section!
Please read.
3
We need 90 more followers to reach 3,000!
sure, followed :
Why are we here
My Mom told me to follow my doctorams, I took a nice long nap .
Love the energy!
: God Moooorrrrnnnning friends!
Have a stress free, productive, and positive day!
Dont forget, Benn Grym Schulz performs tomorrow at The Rex Theater.
Hit up his page for tickets.
;0 don't do that
Dearest NewYorkCity, it's so grand to see you once again.
next year
If only I played the saints.
Roddy White you are dead to me and thus your points don't count.
suck it
Most of the problems in this world won't be resolved because of self pride
no i wanted to see if it would work by u telling her to come
Spring Hill today!
We're deffinaty going to
Just reminiscing on the days when MaryKateAndAshley used to solve mysteries, ABC Family needs to ComeOutToPlay and reair that pronto
South East MSP just north of the airport
city is great man too much fun at times but nothin to complain about.
How's life in pa?
just got a moped for the summer, gona call her Isabel
The weekends come and go too fast these days!
bought a four pack nd one person bailed
I got mine from Old Navy.
Very cute!
You must check it out!
Hey!
Want to join my package exchange?
;
At the game in Indy.
Great stadium.
With Wesley Spencer, and the ladies.
Awesome.
geez im not handling this mca news well.
An efficient transit system could give you the option to get out of your car.
right herr!!!!
D haha i go MIA on twitter...
What win streak?
They lost Saturday night to Indiana.
Do you know if will be signing HB 1013 tomorrow around 6:30 PM?
What a marathon, but worth every second.
Got 2 editorial teams working on InCopy on two books going to printer today.
I feel like the slave galley doctormmer in Ben Hur.
Ramming speed!
It's called self esteem...meaning the esteem of yaself...how can a niqqa messed dat up...
Katt Williams
The price is wrong, bitch!
WeWontWorkOut if you dont like taking things slow
last night I don't even remember passing out .
Biked 4 miles and then had to walk 2 miles to work due to a flat.
Famazing.
we passed!
The one person who complained never showed up.
We love our community!
Solid work this week by the team to get the Parent Child Interactive site out to you all!
I am thinking about another week or so!
eat me
thx, I work with !
Just moved to SF from San Antonio :
Just to be clear, saving searches is a useless and inconvenient feature.
Seems like you could allow both.
For any disgruntled 49ers fans out there, would love to hear from ya.
Happy birthday Peter!!
How are you celebrating this fine day??
AmericanIdol in Pittsburgh :
HOLY CRAP!
I wonder what happened???
just found out i am officially going to see at their Dallas show next week I am so excited!!
hey Lexi can you follow me at my new account thanks
Why do i do things without thinking.....
I feel stupid....
Y'all put this on yourselves...all y'all had to do was listen to me smh, now y'all mad, scared to say 2 words to me, stuck talking about me.
First day at X.Commerce conference went absolutely amazing.
The best conference I have ever attend to.
Xcommerce Fabric is so intense..
Wishing I was back in highschool!
Missing those days mann
Well, this is just killing me.
You are all that God needs to begin a movement.
Just knowing isn't enough.
You need to understand
thanks.
We've had mild winters before but this one is the weirdest I've ever seen.
What does school stands for S.C.H.O.O.Lseven crappy hours of our lives What does class stands for C.L.A.S.Scome late and start sleeping
awesome!
I want one!
i know you would..but you cant touch girls ...
but if i ever need you to beat up a guy i have you on speed dial!
lol I like the red better :p
BOOZE IS MY WEED.
Let's go!!
Adele That's two for two!
love you too my big sticks 
SO IMPRESSED!
We in there tonight!!!
MHMusic Takeova!!
Had a great meeting today with the folks over at Exciting things in social media happening over there!
Nice !
RT : The world famous is on....Let's do this!
Pizza truck is doctorpping at Spear and Mission tomorrow.
11:302pm
My God I thank you in advance ....Have a blessed Sunday !!
Super fun class with my webdesign students tonight Sharp group with some great ideas.
I do want the unicorner, but I also vote for something more therapeutic.
Imagine You: What if you ever leave me?
Austin: I won't because I love you, you're my life 3
been sick, doctorined from pregnancy.
not sure I will be a very good cleaning partner tonight.
your puppy is so cute!!!
thanks.
When its set up I'll post some pics!
next time i wont be wuss out and i'll ask for a picture..
gl at the tables!
My Geography class..my math class and my business class are the only classes i like..and somehow i have a bad grade in geography....
I agree w/ both of u.
0 4 LEA's re: literacy.
Not clear on status of class size reduce .
Those cookies are effing delicious, by the way.
RT : RT : Other than that we PARTYING HARD w/ and 
We're having 45 mph wind gusts?
I knew it was windy, but that's almost half a hurricane!
FREE doctorNKS for all Patriots players from 3am Sunday morning til 5pm Sunday night.
Do the Marlins have the pieces to make a Gio trade happen?
System is very shallow.
Can skinny people celebrate Fat Tuesday?
RT Wired Design site headlines are like magnet poetry designed by the deranged child of Marshall McLuhan and Zooey Deschanel.
I figure you might as well revoke your Southern citizenship if you can't doctorss stylishly for an outdoor party.
Good Night!!!!
Greetings on the Feast of St.
Bucolos!
oof RT Oh dear.
W/review book today: a package of MMs, specially printed.
Review me!
they say.
I feel guilty as I crunch.
from boyfriend love to buddy love 3
Want HBO Go on Your Xbox?
Better Check With Your Cable Provider
Weekends are so short .
.
.
Only time a kid gets rest or has the most fun ,
Check out FULL MORTALITY by  Kindle Book of The Day bit.ly/SASSCER .
Cool cover!
attended the IUPUI PR in Healthcare conference today...it was really good, I recommend it for next year if anyone is interested
I LOVE the fringe...def.
on my summer wish list:
i see you're moving right along!!
Stay SAFE!!!
I never do this!
Sitting outside at my city hall's fountain enjoying the sun and a Jamba Juice.
Ah...
Sad We still out here partying for lyric Bday nobody wanna go home
I'm so happy for you, keep it up and I'm gonna try and follow in your footsteps :
i refused to watch Godzilla because they didn't use Blue Oyster Cult's tune by the same name...also, because trailer sucked
why would Rod Smith mess around with the State Senate when he can easily run for AG or Governor.
Makes no sense.
awww, we were totally ready to gossip with you!
RT : lol!
It wasn't such a mystery!
;
What movie do you geek out about, that may not necessarily be the stereotypical geek movie?
Why is this so hard?
every club has a winner!
Everyone that posts a video will be put into a raffle bowl, and we will film the winner at each club!
Not yet.
Bit of a delay.
Soon as I'm able.
That is a joke, right?
Denard is 10 times The player Logan is.
totally awesome.
no word yet, but I sure hope so!
Perhaps you could ask/req to cmt?
: xo
You're them?
That's you?
It's awesomethanks for making it!
I became an instant fan of Everest After hearing Let go in that Corona commercial.
Thanks for the RT!
thanks, I just hope my mom takes me lol shes been kind of putting it off
Reaching the transcendental State marks the acme of human existence.
Hardly anyone conceives,much less attempts to attain that exalted State
Happy New Year!
RT : I would like to thank and City of Montreal was beautiful and an amazing place for conf.
I'm on my way hm frm wk singing.
For U Alone R GodNow unto the king eternal.
Planning a wedding?
What gifts are you giving your bridesmaids?
Been a bridesmaid?
What gifts have you received that you loved?
Magnificant RT If you're on the west coast and its clear GO outside  LOOK AT JUPITER  VENUS!
Face west.
You can't miss 'em.
Dear imp tweeps: Filner was invited to a SDSU event about 2 years ago where he got the lowdown on I15 BRT.
Don't know why he can't remember
was on Saturday!
So good in between the
Bless you squared
You're Welcome : nd your new video was amazing too.
lol.
TGIFThank Goodness for FRUIT!
What yummy sweetness are you going to eat toady?
I hear a giant pink grapefruit calling my name...
alrighty , will do.
When can you come in ?
Walls/Windows/Yard/Waysby Larry Eigner  What We Talk about When We Talk about Anne Frankby Nathan Englander B.
Byrd's
Special thanks to our vendors!
The heart  soul of the event!
Their enthusiasm  trust of us is valued beyond our ability to express!
From Florida?
Tried finding them in WI.
Not distributed here, since doctorpped by WalMart.
Can be ordered online from Tasty Cakes.
Hey Everyone!
Missed you guys!!
: I been busy lately  didn't have time to tweet!
Sorry but I have a little free time now!
:
just stepped outside and practically burst into spontaneous combustion
lol this isn't a laughing matter.
I think I'm finna die lol.
Oh, thank you for sharing!
This made my day.
At the JICC for the 'Japanese Way of Tea'.
Excited to see a tea ceremony!
Keep your short term photo display fresh.
Tag the old photos being replaced  put them in a box in the great room.
Update your screensaver.
Accompanied StevieWonder last night.
Will be riding that high for a while!
My LOCK of The Year is the NY GIANTS YOU Stil have time to put 10 million on the Giants and make a professort !
send me 10BKNYC
Friday  1/14/2011 Recessionista Friday  5:00PM Happy Hour with live music from Todd Tijerina and Free Taco Bar Specials
Today was the first day of tutoring at Positive Tomorrows and the volunteers had a great time working with students!
Thank you all!
GOP in favor of gay marriage.
Since when?
Two different texts I've come across recently are from British scholars: Making the American Self  American West : The Invention of a Myth
thanks for the follow  love music says we should all have a motivational song!!
I am a General Contractor in NY City.
I remodel houses and flats
Any plans for the weekend?
How was Easter?
if you cut your hair again cut it real short!
ok, thanks guys.
I figured it was BS but I haven't been in the loop the past few days.
must confess I've been gone a long time, though do still have some friends/acquaintances there.
Where is job?
Writing about architectural processing.
What is it that you want to know?
take us with you!
we should soo bookD Imagine that!
The brave don't live forever but the cautious don't live at all.The only thing that's truly terrifying is the unlived life.Bill See/33 Days
: why am I following you.
YOU'RE ANNOY AF.
I ask myself this a lot..
Getting scrappy in The Battlefield Art of Design Triage: the product is the star.
Or the mercy kill.
Slow is better than nothing.
Am I remembering rightdid I see your byline in a couple issues of The Writer?
Oh, it was a spider.
I thought the rock in the background was a Trex.
Can I just imagine I wasn't wrong?
what happened?
let doctornking battleship begin!!!
you sunk my battleshipnow do a shot: happy
inmiddleschool life was simple
Its funny how attractive things become to people when money is involved.
I thought we were going to play the guessing game?
So what's word on Mumbai bistro at Jeff?
I'm going to sleep.
I have one on mediafire, will post link
I love your tweets to Nialler!
xD They make my day haha LLN
IOnce doctorve an hour away for some sweet tea
I like you because you would hold my hand and call me beautiful, I LOVE you because if I had on makeup you would wipe it off.
I've loved and ive lost
yes.
love her doctorss
That's how I felt about the Gathering of waters!
I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable.
I'm soo sleepy.
the bureaucracy and paperwork of the professortmaking health insurance industry consume onethird of every healthcare dollar.
Fun to read, Joan.
Some day I have to read King's book...
have you?
Barry recommends the use of LinkedIn Groups.
Many that chat cost seg., accounting laws, etc.
Conversate in smaller groups.
cc '
watching my sons take their first homeschool math test :
Are you in Canada?
I want the iPhone 5 ALREADY!!!!
I'm up...and twatterers sounds kinda dirty lol ;
SURVIVOR starts in 7 minutes!!!!
It's the finale and my cousin is still in it!!
The last two songs that came on were Don't Worry, Be Happy  The Dog Days Are Over.
At least itunes knows what a shitty day I'm having..
Yes they called it The new iPad
That explains it then.
nuff respect!
Give thanks!
going to 's house to watch PUNK'D!!
with the fam.
yay!
wish was going to be with us!!!
Well in that case....
RT: Hey!
I really wanted a retweet lol!
Wait I thought Failure To Launch was just a movie...
Aristotle scores DOD contract!
RT Brewers have highest ERA in NL.
Also have highest BAbip in NL.
Unusually high BAbip predicts ERA will come way down.
LOCALS NIGHT!
5 ENTRY WITH NEVADA ID!!
Message me for FREE LIMO PICK UP!
Aight doctornks just went up 20 dollars a glass if you dont like it kiss Romy Rome Ass Classic Martin line!!!!!!
Don't lie to Women about their healthcare options The Karl Rove strategy may work in Texas but not in TwitterSpace.
son of a nutcracker
That bitch got coochie fleas lmao
i have my ways ; i need to give you buble and glee xmas cds!
Quick tip: For motivation to get your butt to the gym, exercise, loseWeight, try getting some new shoes!
Rondo doctorpped 17asst and got another triple double
P.S.
Video Game Quiz Show been too tough for you in the past?
Tonight, it's multiplechoice, pulling from classic episodes!
There isn't chocoholics anonymous because no one wants to quit.
MY DM BOX IS EMPTY...
SO UHM..
I WAS THINKING..
MAYBE U WANNA CHANGE THAT?
LOL I LOVE U JUSTIN 3
I called you J same day you started work and left you a message but never heard back from you.
Late nights, early mornings..
I'm up, I'm up.
Congrats to for your emmy nomination, well deserved, you work very hard
I'm doing good.
How are you?
Whats good bro!
Naa.
I was trying to reach u on that.
Haven't heard or seen nothing.
Hit me when ya get a minute.
Had fun at the Zoo with my friends and the rest of Red team!
thank for the retweet!
Unfortunately we erred.
It should read 5 OFF a ticket.
The old tweet is deleted.
And anyone else who wants to play lucky seven, feel free.
The rules are on my blog.
If you have a work in progress....
sounds lovely :
But Jesse St.
James definitely does.
Surely the technology is close at hand to send a holographic Tupac to kick the crap out of twitter spammers?
Why don't we have any power?
Cut them some slack, they're babies!
Freshmen aren't very good at gtown day
How I Love Lucy was born?
We decided that instead of divorce lawyers professorting from our mistakes, we'd professort from them.
Lol thanks : RT hey Crystal.
happy belated Mothers day lol.
aint have yo  to tell ya :
On may 27th is gonna b in Cleveland OH at the house of blues b there
Happy birthday mister Shakespeare.
Everyone please follow me on instagram pinkglitter758 and please watch,comment rate and subscribe on my YouTube vids taylorlover251
Sec.
Gates former univ president  now Chancellor of College at WMalso former Def.
Sec.
receiving the libertymedal in Phila today!
No idea what to do tomorrow...birthdays...ugh I just feel old.
AskObama Can you support national/regional business plan competitions for young entrepreneurs, out of work, laidoff folks?
A national push
Looking forward to kicking off the 7th season of our CLO Breakfast club series tomorrow morning in Atlanta!
Great crowd registered.
I've noticed that the most successful people, biz.
owners, entrepreneurs, etc.
all get up early!
I need to get on this bandwagon, but how?
DC deserves a sports role model like RGIII ...
Kudos to the Skins for doing the right thing!
Never seen Ferguson's show until now.
Not sure I will watch again.
Would have liked to have heard more from Rice.
Too bad.
I feel like I'm setting myself up for disappointment.
Why do I keep doing this to myself...:'/
You're single.
I'm single.
Looks like something was meant to be.
Haha.
:P
will do.3 c:
m.
craving some LC's right about now.
RT : Watching No reservations about KC BBQ.
Thought of
thanks getting our Q's out!
Done wit classes feel confident abt my exams now its grind time
I have an elephant mask for my crotch.
The trunk never fit very well.
I should gift it to a smaller man.
SalemKeizer School Dist.
closed today due to snow.
Other School Dist.
updates on Koin Local 6 right now.
They have shirts that are specifically for you and your little and if purchased they donate 1 to the organization.
Very reasonably priced!
you'll have to share details on the
what tweet?
I think that's a great idea.
It sounds like there will be some unbiased opinions when this goes to court.
Thanks Michael.
Please reach out if you have questions.
What the NBA really needs is more oneonone play.
CLEAR OUT!!!
Awesome doctoram!!
We in LA need some GOD!!
I know the feeling.
I feel like I got a small foretaste of my future this past week.
RT : Dear fat, please move to a better place like my boobs  my butt
NBC is a 50 stakeholder in Hulu.
Don't feel guilty.
Record line at the falafel king today!
Agreed, a great PG makes anybody better.
maybe 22 and 12, but big Al needs to work on his Defense.
He think we're a fool.
His past record speaks truth: big government, big spending, crony capitalist.
No thank you
going hard on naps
I think both are great songs.
And now is as good a time as any to get on the Pavement train!
As a Jew it really amazes me how many people cant read an entire book yet have the chutzpah to quote parts.
Eye for eye doesnt apply today.
And if you'll take a look at this bit over here...
strokes chin musingly
Urgh!
Sick as a dog!
Baltimore schoolsnotjails action happening!
Because austerity is BS, while theres  for jails but apparently not for schools?
hahaha you guys got a room, im not surprised...party hard, I WILL see you guys this week/weekend
Pretty good!
It is nice to hear from you for once!
Elwood is fine, and there is no new dog; that was my roommate's dog back then.
It's follow friday, make sure to add all the National Equality March accounts!
;
Awesome race Smoke!!!!
PS, I love that scruffy beard :
Maybe upgrading to pro, but then I realized professorssionalism and I go togther about as well as a fart in church.
Office Space is on The Comedy Channel.
When we magnify the Lord through praise and prayer, EVERYTHING else we think is major will shrink in comparison.
Psalm 34:3; 69:30
Why does she even have a mic?
This is worse than the ads.
Dear Fox, I now retroactively forgive you for ALL crappy programming you have ever aired.
The slate is clean
If you like me then say you like me.
I need some loud speaking actions.
So, listen to my heartbeat.
Sounds great!
You are making me miss Nashville.
Tough!
RT really needed the producers from MayweatherHatton 24/7 to come back to HBO give fans viewers more excitement
That's not going on twitter.
Nice try though.
We left our voice at Turner Hall too!
Girl you rocked my night!
s/o to for following me...wtf lol
Sounds good, Colin; love to demo Speedcast.
Unfortunately can't DM you until you follow me.
It seems like kids these days are going from the playground to the DS, iPods, and video games.
Where is this world going?
: In fact the funny part is hearing some of the kids say I have that app
Being single is shit
need a laugh?
i just sat down on my wet paint palette
i am jealous i am from i miss those types of thing we just dont hev them in fl
Somebody should DM me there num.
RT : Hey grads, we'd love to see you show off that commencement gown.
We're proud of you!
Tweet us your pics!
amazing professorle photo!
Thanks for the mention!
Boise !!!!
but Alex you were upset yesterday!
High 5 on the Ohio Nachos!
Thanks for coming in!
: 
Im not sure we have any!
Ryan Reynolds on Top Gear 33
Dang!
That 9ers D is HARD hitting.
Every hit looks like they are trying to knock a fool out.
Reminding me of Ronnie Lott
Do I want this because it works or bc has one?
fitbit.com
where do you go?
Mines need to be done and they are thick like yours
: that fart tweet from is too gross.
And i'm so not surprised you RT'd it.
xoxo
The best thing about winter is.....
We had trouble with a couple display problems.
I'll likely turn it back on soon.
Sorry for the disruption!
www.xpressid.net must see
Brandon Weedon's will match his uniform
Loving the new campaign with Brings out the IT Geek and NBA star in me
spamming is unwanted/unsolicited content  music, videos, print etc...
even if it is gospel
Goodnight friends!
Currently taking sentence donations.
Comment below with a sentence, and for you we'll set it free.
ProtectThisHouse  sue the heck out of doctornk Body Armour!
Those guys egos are too big  need to be checked.
Thanks for following us as well!
:
WHY ARE YOU KISSING HER
Forrester CEO says IT and marketing must interbreed to be successful going forward.
For pdaebook have both an evaluation and an evacuation plan Champieux
Thanks for the prayers Lee.
Took a long sleep and I feel much better now.
Time for some writing :
GOOD LUCK
any makeup tips for this season nerdprom and please no referrals to the surgeon.
you in LA this week?
It's a Niner kind of day.
GO SF!
UPDATE 2Kazakh copper miners end 3day underground strike
I hope it turns around for you!
Just saw at the Sunset 5 on Crescent Heights.
SEE IT.
Ever heard the terms Port, Starboard or Capsize?
Paul brushes up on his sailing vocabulary at South Beach Yacht Club, Sat  5:30pm
Happy Holidays and a New Year filled with ABUNDANCE!
hey...I kinda like you....okay bye....
Rt if you single
things i'm not going to miss about being a nanny finding crusty cheesestick wrappers in my pockets after a day at the zoo.
Just woke up.
Feeling much better!
Thank You Jesus!
Ugh!
Lolz.
Getting ready for work.
I've tried map quest and google I still can't find Old Macdonalds farm!!!!
I70 speed harmonization begins Sunday thru the ski season get ready to be slow and steady to get there safe!
she started it!!
higher demand, means higher price points.
We can balance the sneaker market by withholding our buying power
For a middleaged broad who thought Vampire Weekend had something to do with the Twilight movies, Pandora is a beautiful thing.
lol I'm sitting
It has been forever!
Miss you Renee!
Hope college is going good for ya :
well said
Great!
And to whom should I send my application?
you mean you don't just sitting around eating bon bons all day...?
:
We hope to see you this weekend!
We've got some AMAZING treats planned and as you know we don't fool around when it comes to treats!
Ah tell me wth this just came through RT : shout out MS  LA in this biish
can teams continue to add players as they may become available with elimination from the stanleycup playoffs?
: Fake Bobby???
RT : Guess who has a call with the manager of the Grateful Dead Properties at 7pm?
Hahahahahaha
pleasure the princess
Things not to do: mix up the sake and the soy sauce while dining
Happy Holidays!
Merry Christmas!
In Puerto Rico and walking on a bed of hot coals...
bustin barriers and lovin' life!
LifePath Breakthrough VII!
About to try San Fran bbq.
Hm.
very interesting!
I am a fan of Lacoste my favorite would be Ralph Lauren for clothing and David Yurman for accessories
I have a class B.
Doing what exactly?
We have been thinking about moving back.
yeah but i got another friend named rene rodgers so who smart now
What does one have to do to get the secret textoso line number?
Hahaha i said the same thing RT : YOUR MOM'S ARMPITS
okayy, sounds good!
I know.
I'm writing my diss on slavery in Barbados in 17thc and always trying to remember the humanity in all of this.
it's based on when your birthday is.
It describes a lot about your personality.
Almost time for Justin Bieber but who cares!?
Not me.
This bitch talking to her damn self lol
when are season tickets shipping?
Had an Inception experience this am.
Sleeping on a plane and doctoraming I was sleeping on a plane.
But the 2nd doctoram level was in 1st class
Oh okay.
Why?
I mean, I am not attracted to real dark skinned people, so I guess I understand.
U a guy or girl?
The Texan is officially back in Texas.
Survived baby's first birthday party.
Fun was had.
Cake was eaten.
fcn3kejfckqlj i needa tell you something
You are fine!
So just change the date?
Same time, same place?
Thanks for the FF!
Always fun to be on the receiving end.
Or I could wear my doctorss Blues since I will be an honored military guest.
?
That would solve the tie issue  up the sexy;
what you doing babe
just moved into our apartment and headed to JIQ training!!
:

Ima chaulk this one up as a lost im ready to go home fuck this final for tonight grade ain't gone change anyway Lmaoo
Time to sneak in a moment of nappage.
A person who have never made a mistake never tried something new.
hello Joyce!
I need your addoctorss, my mom  I can't seem to find it :
I will be in Dallas Friday!
Any fool can set a precident, and every fool will follow it
Taking dinner suggestions  whatcha got twitter?
Happy Valentine's Day Huskies!
I'm a David Brooks Democrat
The key to happiness is really fairly simple.
but i appreciate your Jesus music oh wonderful youth pastor of mine :
guess I should come in and try some then!
Large shoutout to Babylon Futbol Cafe in Falls Church, VA great soccer bar!!
Everychild you encounter is a divine appointment.
W Stafford
I need to go back, haven't been there for awhile
just live ya life..
Babies are just holics and maniacs waiting to be classified.
1 Super Shower Curtain left from We're open till 9 tonight.
They groan in unison every time.
Actors die so loud.
Henry Miller
We agree!
What color neon would you pair with white?
Hi Rob!
Really glad to see another local on Kupoz!
Please unlock my valuetines badge so I can take the lead!
I am a new follower of yours
Yes, it is my nature to act like a naughty boy  my wife realized it long before we were married.
Lisa tans my hide because I need it
If only cancer were a big, fat AprilFools joke...!
Keep pushing !
Right, ?
Thanks to everyone that came out to our Foodie Experience and High Kings events...
SHREK THE MUSICAL opens tomorrow!
Buy tix now at TM.com
Nothing like getting called a stupid whore by your bf's kid to make you want to go to work 4 hours early.
he's this season's the mask
RT if you DO want the world to end
RT : Volume, Velocity, Variety, Veracity, Viralness, Viscosity
GET ON SOMEWHERE BESTFRIEND ITS ONLY ME AND  GOT HER LEGS ON MA LEGS  I NEED MYSPACE
it's been one long week  i've been out of twittertouch the past few days.
thinking of u :
Wow so harsh!
After an amazing weekend and some great new friends....heading home to see two of my favorite people tie the knot!
it was Nice seeing of at the last night for the SharkTank Viewing Party
I love the rain when it allows me to spend time with moms and the fam.
Day 2 Next year I'm creating our display inside a huge genie bottle.
I'm glad you agree.
RT Be kind whenever possible.
It is always possible.
Dalai Lama
finding Network Marketing Recruiting  Finding Your Target Market
I don't think there's anything I've learned on Twitter that I haven't promptly forgotten.
In one ear...
Yeah I just pet a stuffed koala like it was a puppy, don't judge.
Its whatever...
ImNotGoingToDealWithThisShit!!
Stephen A.
Smith says Bosh's injury won't affect the Heat much bc they're for sure going to beat the Pacers...
Hmm...
Thad's vision quest is so funny!
I just emailed everybody with a reminder.
Wouldn't want anyone to miss the race!
Morning run and p90x ab workout.
It was a great morning 
My parents are creeping on my sister's friend.
Lmao, I can't.
It's Guggenheim time
Happiness is not having what U want.
It's wanting WHAT U HAVE.
'Massive Midwest Storm Moves East' Great, I'm heading to Boston tomorrow.
Wish me luck.
we all have the right 2 celebrate our succeses..having 5,000 expencive shoes tucked in a closet is one of them?
very difficult to understand
Groundhog Day, the Wizard of Oz, and Twister are favorites, Day After Tomorrow and The Shining are least faves
Madison to Chicago flight is fantastic thing.
45 mins or 15 mins less than for me to go from Chi.
to Munster, Ind each day for 5 1/2 years.
How was the Town and Gown event?
Lets get ready to RUMBLE!
If Unemployment encourages people to stay unemployed where are all the jobs they are passing up?
GOP wake up please!
yea.
My real world just hit a little early.
my grandpa aafaal used to save all of my newspaper clippings from interviews to shows
yes please!
You and Cam need to come swim sometime soon too.
The pool is open:
Catch you on the flipside, MOTHERFUCKERS.
me , i cant wait 3
It is!!!
And its not my fault they don't wear some high visibility thing!!
Hair long Ass fat
SO sick of the radio playing the same damn songs over and over again  LOL someone save me from this radio!
Specials: Soup: Cream of Mushroom, Pasta: Tomato Alfredo Penne with Chicken, Pizza: Chicken Alfredo
Happy Monday!!!!
Going to be a beautiful week!
X's and O's to everyone!

Believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it.
Tonight I'm back at Nickleby's Lounge in Akron for some more fun!
I want to move down south
If I won the lottery first thing I'd buy would be a massage and a comfortable mattress 
thats right!:D they do a perfect and best pair of the world!:D 3
Why can't we just suck the gulf oil through a huge suction pump ??
This is serious...
u should post that portrait of Chris brown.
:
Music is the art of thinking..with sounds..
How do you make the time for life?
Esp exercise?
Pushing a hard line this mothers day morning
not a ditch.
But I am in a bed with 5 guys.
One of them is naked.
Yo chick she so thirsty!
roads are hazardous ...
I don't think you would have made it
Made my 1st hot sauce.
Pepper count: 56.
If you know me, you know how much I love Adam Yauch and the beastie boys
who's talking ish?
U need a bodyguard??
Haha
Happy International Women's Day.
lol whats wrong?
i just told u!
haha FAIL
Happy Holidays to all of our wonderful fans  RT if you are enjoying your fam/friends.
Goodnight Yall , RT to say it Back :
Records of information, beautiful art  diagnostic features.
Ehret 1743.
Armchair museum visit.
Weekend plans?
Exercise exercise and exercise!
Be safe!
Tonight: 5.5.5 numerology and biggest full moon of the year!
Take advantage n pray/meditate/wish  it's a lucky day!
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Green beans contain a little arsenic in them.
But you would have to eat 20 lbs.
at one time to get sick from it.
The trappings of lifestyle are often that; traps.
Thomas Leonard
because it's for charity, I suspect.
are you kidding Wisco  Neb  Camp Randall on Saturday nite.
Remember last year in Madtown on a Sat nite??
Departing in the morning for Israel with  !
domain squatting in Columbus.
im exited going to times square on friday!!!!
!
RT just realized it's only a month until the avengers.
haha that's okay 
Morning Twitter :
the pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
William Ward
LOL!
this will give me stopping point in my research.I'm also bringing fam together that has never met  2012 reunion..
wish i can join but i have to go to guard and actually work out.......
eat one for me
Kobe Bryant likely out vs Spurs on Wednesday but will most likely be signing autographs at the tunnel before Spurs Lakers tip off.
love that song
You know those moments when you're suddenly, inexplicably so frickin' happy with the world and your life?
Yup.
Right there.
:D
RT RIP Maurice Sendak.
Thanks, from everyone who's ever been sent to their room for making mischief.
i approve
The book is almost always better than the movie when it comes to psychological thrillers.
We'll see.
Depends what time the paper can be put out with Monday deadlines.
Good luck vs Clackamas.
Luckily analysis isn't the only way to resolve inner conflicts.
RT : Greece goes on general strike Wednesday.
We need to express solidarity!
ok I gotcha that's wat I like to do one of my passions I'm glad u loved it.
:
no you!I need to see you to get you off that stuck up cloud you are on.
CNN's John King: White House sources say that later this week Obama will explicitly call for Syrian leader Bashar alAssad to step down
I need a new texting buddy!!: number?;
For crying out loud Elena, pick ONE.
: I can remember when I was just a freshman in college now I'm about to be a junior time is flying!!!
Rich Hill is wailing on piano with Jonathan Schriock on violin, Charles Pridgen on saxophone and Tim Braselton on vocals!
Everybody go follow now
My 1,000th tweet...
it's insane to me that some people tweet as often as they do.
This took me forever!
im awake :
glgl on day 3!
and gl to my roomie playing the main event today.
i'll be playing saturday
Just got my skydiving ticket!!
I think we're going next month Ahh!!
A company's social media team should be the most social, human people they can find.
Doing business with a robot is a buzz kill
Ready for the CON!!
We'll be at the Deadliest Warrior Panel at 10am discussing Vampires vs.
Zombies.
On the panel MAX BROOKS!!
Rev Robert Pipes passed away.He was a friend  conducted our wedding.
He was positive no matter what  will be fondly remembered.JAI SAI RAM
Fashion, Potluck, Baseball Outfits all in a days work!
3
my camera comes today asdfghjk; so excited!!
also have singing lessons so hopefully it will be a good day :
Just confirmed a deal with Delta airlines!!Happy commuting Global commuters!!
ThingsThatAnnoyMe The 16 More days of school that are left...
thank you julie!
it means alot!
I just made a twitter right now haha
Not naary a nobody would be surprised if fall rolls around and Pat Riley has stepped in for spoelstra tho.
Today, I finally watched THE ENGLISH PATIENT.
It was a good movie.
I thought that it was a boring movie before I watched it.
who reports number of lanes open.
Looks to me like it's not 4 lanes
Golden globes awards is awesome.
Showing now on NBC;o
But they weren't running for office for Pete's sake!
Mitt would say ...
Obama promised hope.
Looks like that doesn't include
I've been wanting to try on jackson  menomonee
that makes the 6th state police man I just passed good thing I got a radar detector
Not feeling it.
Not feeling it at all.
Can't it be both?
I'm having Carolina flashbacks.
Lets not have a shot go over the glass too.
says this next song is a song about a dead guy who ended up dying.
I'm so preordering the Guild Wars 2 Collector's Edition on April 10th.
Now to start saving money...
150.
Ur like 900 bucks u ain't a G
yeah that one...is it helpful at all?
That Beavan guy is tough
Cathy Davidson on gorillas in the academic room at
I've got work in 3 hours.....
sorry for your loss amigo mio
Mansfield on smelling and tasting the effluvia of yellow fever.
On the panel immediately preceding lunch.
We love chocolate!
RT : Studies show that 22 of all chocolate consumption takes place between 8pm  midnight.
GREAT.
you can't delete your account on a mobile phone.
gonna just wait til friday  delete from a computer.
writing next book.
He has to be dark haired, look like he could fit in with 1800s gentlemen...
?
Maybe more intimidated by selecting wine think of it like sleeping with a new partner
Have a Joyous Christmas and a happy prosperous 2012!
17 straight like it ain't no thing.
if it makes you feel better, i'll cut h.rod and pick you up in my fantasy team.
Thanks Dave!
text me?
follow me please!!!:
Why does doing Turbotax feel like gambling?
I'm like a princess mixed with a 3yr old with ADD.
No wonder I never know what to do with myself!
the art of social media combat, an ongoing study
Columbia expects to implement some RDA for some materials at some time
And how did they score Yello to do the voiceover for their Shop button?
Nice get!
For when you wake up, I hope you have a fantastic day!!
cant win EM all
Great.
I've played at the field MT NYC closed Red Hook ball fields after USA TODAY investigation into lead levels from smelter site.
Doesn't Julie London sound like Kathleen Turner?
: Nothing is more annoying than ugly girls who think they're the shit cough cough justice
awesome, thanks!
Dead mad Antonin Artaud invades a prayer meeting!
Banana Cream Pie with Salty Bourbon Caramel via
6570 as of 2 pm around the TriState.
Cooler south facing shores.
Highs 7073 many places inland this afternoon.
Same deal tomorrow!
Even though you get on my nerves you
Why does it have to rain so much could never live in Washington I can't stand this doctorary weather good for sleeping though
25 days until the end of the semester.
I promise to tweet much more after.
I will need to unleash this stuff in my head somewhere...
HPNG event tonight is at capacity, we cannot take on site registrations.
Sorry.
:
Looking at illustrations from the 16th century at Morgan library.
Something to be said for books..the artifact lives on

Google had not part at all with our film.
Not a penny nor a phone call.
So please, get your facts straight.
Gonna fine some lovin not afraid to let go
is not the restaurant...
hi, chip!
cute is what we aim for...duh
Standing ovation as Texas gives a special acknowledgement to Mizzou coach Frank Haith in pregame announcements.
What band shirt do you wear proudly?
Absolute Truth!
Next person that comes to AJBombersMSN and says they saw this tweet gets a doctornk on !
same!
watching 30 rock
Baltimore Co.
transgender bill to be voted on soon
Why does 's paper shredder sound like an airplane taking off?
good news; my cake finally cooked.
bad news; it burnt.
.
Everything you do reminds me of why I fell in love with you.
Off to the tree stand....a hunting we shall go
I sent you a DM babe 3
: Looks captainre the attention...
Personality captainres the heart  nice!!
happy birthday
I'm soo busy today but I Hope everyone is having a Blessed  Wonderful day!
Especially  !
Love you all!
xoxo
Follow us now!
LOL RT : this nigga ol late ass come up slandering Laker Fans at 3 in the fuckin morning..nigga go take a nap.
lol
Wowstumbled upon playing Bowie's Young Americans Side 1 in its entirety tonight.
Maybe should give this FM radio a chance again
U2's stage is a bit over the top, eh?
Super Seminar in Albuquerque Van!
Thank you!
I'd hate to see what sushi costs in copenhagen :
2012 Buick LaCrosse Luxury Car  Luxury MidSize Sedan  Buick
Gotta love Rozay!
I'm buying a new board soon
Participate in Octobeard with us!
Here's how to play: just shave at midnight on Oct.
1st and don't shave for the rest of the month!
Wow!
really put the beat down on Cuba 60 olympicqualifying way to go!
Same Here !
thank you!':
Thanks for the RT!
Follow me please I love you
no worries :
I make wishes, I have doctorams and I still want to believe that anything can happen in this world for an ordinary girl.
x
: My book DarkWorld released in all Barnes  Noble stores this Tuesday!
please retweet!.
3
:O I FOUND ONE : .
I love them , well not love but like :
like, I'll be scheduled to work 4 hours, but I always get hour breaks and they send me home early sometimes.
nice wel b thru.
Any deals on bottles that you know of?
I used to think if i only slept with one stuffed animal, that the rest would get jealous  kill me .
Isms in my opinion, are not good RT RT A man should not believe in an ism, he should believe in himselfFerris Bueller
congats man.
Go kill it up there in the PAC NW!
great audition today with the folks at Blue Coyote Theater Group!
I know it's just Twitter,but I did a triple take, scratched my head and even cocked it to the side like Scooby Doo
My life is based in one person and its Jesus
Thanks for the RT!
What kind of music do you primarily play?
I'll be back for 10 days starting June 30th.
We should meet up.
So why is there Hurricane Katrina outside my window all of a sudden?
Did you know WIC helps new moms learn about healthy eating for their babies?
Where do you learn nutrition info for your little one?
Eleanor Marx By the time your life is finished you will have learned just enough to begin it well.
I Cried When I found out that is coming to Norway in a month!
3
ThingsIReallyCantStand false assumptions.
Can you imagine having sex in a smart car?
I'm up before 6am on a Sunday morning trying to diagnose server issues.
FUN!!!
Legend of Zelda symphony?
Yes please!
get well really really soon schyler!
3
Just took some kind of quiz and it says I'm 89 in love....well then.
not at all.
we all know the truth harry.
it's fine.
omg I'd love it if a brick wall followed me ;P
Textbook cutoff positioning by Anthony Bass.
Thank you SO much.
that means the world to me!
I THINK IVE BEEN UP SINCE 1:08 I THINK.
just won 1000 people points on lotto ticket yeah!!!
So idk now my page is putting tweets on here without me posting them how do u find out who they r n take them off???
It's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right, I hope you had the time of your life.
Budget looks good for EI.
maybe im a terrible person, but i can't stop laughing at your misfortune
This weekend in Denver has been way too much fun, my body is rejecting booze at this point
follow me
Alas, we all do what we have to do.
Goal Rachel Perry with :01 to go oh wait halftime 81.
They held them under 10 they get sprinkles on kiddy cone
...understand how he reads popular texts that you've probably seen and understand political/histor.
context
Wishing everyone one a blessed day.
Stay positive n smile till u feel it :
Pres.
Obama should stop threatening seniors  soldiers with their pay.
Maybe Congress  the executive branch can halt their own pay instead?
someone tweet me :
what time is ball leaving?
i feel bad for ya hahah!
Watching Dolphin Tale...crying.
Officially lame...but it's cute?
lol yup niggah I'm black
I'm still in bed ;
Spring Sale is on rain or shine.
10am6pm at our Camp Randall Location.
Our entire shopping area is completely covered from the rain :
lol...
I know, I was just playing sweety...
but what are you doing?
Howard stern on fallon in a bit..
Tune in
what time?
I'm hammering a couple Silver Bullets in celebration of my first child born today!
A healthy boy!
How about a RT my man!?
Evans with a huge block and he'll go to the line!
when are you free today I get out at 1!
Phil Phillips I love you.
White North Portlander is upset by his neighbor's beautiful yard.
no one is going to think I'm living in the hood with all of Ron's roses.
tonight is at the riv w/ and crappy weather deserves good music.
I assume khloe is pregnant in your doctoram?
An/or I did not live 450 ft above my place of work.
Can Obama win in 2012 ?
UShouldnt Wear Open Shoes With Bad Feet, That's A No No....
Lol
We agree!
I love seeing my boys on loves em too!
I vote for 8 Amy Lynn in the
Austin doctornks: Who has good doctornk specials on Tuesday?
RT : 10/23ColumbusDispatch reports bankers think credit Union success is publicity stuntbig stunt w/tons of members playing along
Then one day I was in the cab line at the airport, reading Portnoy's Complaint while listening to The Beatles on an oldies station.
Organizational development in a nutshell: Define your organization, give direction and avoid chaos.
As there should be!
rt Q5.
At end of day, marketing is about results thru desire.
Find ur sale's desirable point
Hemmed my first pair of pants tonight!
allbymyself donttellmymom!
your sister I meant that's if her knee is Doing better
if they perform according to written score they wouldn't be memorable or talked about.
Bet The Fray is trending somewhere
Goodnight babies 3
: What do you call a seven foot duck?
hahaha i needed that right now  hahahahahhaha
Don't have a pipe.
Never will.
Wanna see you happy even if its not with me
1st bracket ever going horribly awry.
Faulty strategy led to pick Clemson over WV.
Will give match up notes due respect in future.
They sold out very quickly!
:
Great BWB w/ Jim Stovall, We find meaning in life when we discover our gift  we find power when we give it away.
Thanks, !
I don't feel so depressed of the Broncos loss after I saw the Giants dominate the Packers.
Headed to State Library conference on public library sustainability.
Hoping to get some great ideas from CA public library directors!
Okay gusy!
If you are a resident of San Diego then I have great news for you.
Just Pie coming soon!
don't make me tweet at you from a shell script could write!
LOL gothic tom cruise?
just...no.
I know.
Me with my pie in the sky.
happy birthday hope your day is fun and you live to be 4796537 years old
Just a casual existential crisis on Leavey 3.
My son singing the theme to super why cracks me up every single time
are you a fan of chloe moretz
Happy Birthday to Kayla from everyone !!
cc.
Kemba Walker at the half.
2 points, 2 fouls, 4 minutes played.
They'll need a solid 2nd half from him for UConn to win.
Had an amazing freaking day!!
:
Skipping to Q7!
A7: Companies now are requiring creativity and originality in how applicants display their skills and expertise.
Thank you for the follows!
5.
Because Nobody will ever be MC 
I'm Not Crazy, I'm Just Different.
what is your idea?
Decided To Go To A Lecture And Sit In...And You Would Be Surprised By All The Knowledge That You Hide Just To Fit In...
lol that's cuz its true

Thanks for correction in legal terminology.
When I hear shared rights, I think of collaborators who make joint decisions.
Are you available on May 12 to skype in for a discussion of 'Exposing the Magic of Design'?
/cc
try going up the back way.
the tram is for pansies.
hey parm crisp followers!!
great newswe can now be found at Zeto Wine and Cheese in NC!
RT if you know the store!
For sure!
Big Star followed by loftparty at your place
Thanks Caleb!
We appreciate that!
M
I  you guys too!!
Cost of Moleskine notebooks is getting out of hand.
Will have to try software to replace my manual writing technique.
What about my pen??
didnt win at mania but will on raw!
Okay I'm Out Getting Bored  Hungry...
Thinkin After Dinner Sometime I'm Going To Eat Some SHRIMP
What good is it being an earl if you have to have a pingpong table in your library?
Hello!
Happy Mothers Day, What are you doing to celebrate this awesome day?!
xoxo
Que que?
Pricing in a dig environment difficult: expensive to scan, inexpensive to access; diff.
models of pricing for eproducts
Congratulations Lydia!
Happy celebrating.
do you happen to have a safety pin in the office I can borrow?
to bed
meanwhile he was the one who was crashy crashy with his used to this comment..that wudda been last thing I said
bought my 2cnd MK handbag  1st pair of Shoes.
I love them.
Every women NEEDS a pair!
They fit  feel amazing!
Going back to the corner where I first saw you, going to camp here in my sleeping bag  no I'm not gonna move.
3
Why am I logging into work 5 minutes after getting home.
Am I really this dedicated to my job?
excellent service today man.
You have a gift in reaching people w the way you tell stories and preach.
yup, that seems a fair assessment.
extreme sensitivity to touch.
It's the worst pain I've ever been through.
It ranks higher than childbirth and cancer pain.
RT : RT : RT : You can not live your life just based on what everyone else thinks.
Joyce Meyer
Dont play whats there, play whats not there.
Miles Davis
For the childoctorn...: 3 words that signal a curtailing of liberty.
now listen 2 coast coast whats up with u guys
the downside of living in LA and working from home: your neighbors are always rehearsing
that's specifically the item we were discussing.
Ah, sweet.
Thanks, girl!
Will check her out now.
this is hot dog eating weather.
Who's coming to the factory store or going to thier local stand today?
Its so sad how much work i have to do.....
finish 2 papers and study for 2 tests.
im back at school , go to lroom 8th
hey if you are the great saiyaman why are some people saiyan you not .
Welcome  thx for following!
Wishing everyone a very happy Christmas Eve!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians?
Get a hold of us!
RT : Follow Local Editor Hoa Quach's Live Blog of Gov.
Jerry Brown's Speech in San Diego  Imperial Beach
Ima be up all night.
I wish I could call someone.
/3
If failure is not an option, neither is success.
Seth Godin
u hell fam
How is everything going?
sure does.
Oh well, no biggie.
In a city full of spurs fans I'm sure someone will buy them.
new record and tour very soon
Lol I was suppose to get up 20 minutes ago...
In science class !!!
Bored:/
email me.
Tonight's renoaces pressboxfood update: Spicy Pickle.
Best spread ever.
Thank you
NW Bring It On....
Was suppose to be sleep lol
Happy New years everyone!!!
its all good though.
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
Ron Swanson
it's on!
Where r u guys staying?
The beginning of a new semester is the most glorious time to be a tutor.
Getting paid to work on my novel/blog/time management games, natch.
we have a rehearsal dinner, but I may be able to ford over while she plays MOH
next week is signing.
If you need more help reporting, lemme know
Thanks for putting on the sprint.
I needed that push.
This WIP is ready to run amok.
:
Someone said that the problem with life is that it's so daily.
doctor David Jeremiah
Importing games is a good way to prolong a system.
What's the one trend you absolutely MUST incorporate into your wedding doctorss look?
Partay!
RT : Come check out the greatest DJ July 13 in Tampa, dont miss out on this great experience!!!
I hate it when your talkin to somebody on the phone and every few minutes theirs a long pause.....
And then Matt Flynn..
It's telling me I've got storage issues, and it's beyond slow.
So fun...
Face the Nation guests are for samesex marriage, but they are appalled by the Time breastfeeding cover.
Wait.
Sodomy okay, suckling not?
I think I'm more excited to watch my little cousins tball games than they are to play!
Thx for the follow RT for a shout out
like our student leaders have been kicked out for two weeks due to punitive and unhelpful rules.
Now THAT is some exciting stuff.
And Dogfish Head?!
That's the best news I've heard in a while.
Now my friends associate me w/ zines so much that whenever I talk about something, they say make a zine about that!
Thanks to for answering some questions.
I love me some coors
Oh, also occupy d  Datadoctorven Discovery  Fourth Paradigm of Science  DataIntensive Scientific Discovery  ???
What else ?
I doctornk far too much today for the amount of food and water I had.
wait are you going for orlando?!!!
please say yes!!!
Any experienced girls want to bartend tonight at Sugar Mill?
7pm2am girls last night made about 400 in tips
I'm just not a fan of Cedano!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked how do you pronounce your last name?
fucking figure it out.
you wrapped your dates in bacon?
Highend luxury exchange store opens in Destin
touch, sir.
ps see my last check in.
Happy Hump Day back atcha!
gestapo in training?
OH in Dhaka: When you're on the road, there are no rules.
nowplaying ..
Fake Blook  I Think I Like It
TIIP4P 3Cs of Partnering 4 Performance: culture, complimentary capabilities, connections
I love the cast of kickin' it
Maybe I should explain to you people that,I'm not kidding and I seriously want you take me to Arlington.
Reminder: all those interested in our Aug 1 wine dinner must place reservations by 2PM today.
downtown montgomery.
3342622763
Working until midnight tonight :
Haha!
What do you mean by The Boot though.
DeathValley?
I think im addicted to harlem nights!!!!!
ESPRESSO BUZZ WE!!!!!!!
There are many people coming together!
people are starting to LISTEN.
The abolitionists are forcing the issue!
Perhaps this is a good thing.
Like Quentin Tarrantino's advice  get some emotion out of these guys!
We always knew we like you!
: RT : Tweetpeeps!
Please follow ,  stand by for a big announcement tomorrow!
I miss your weekly Ustreams and you putting up your covers every week.
I know that you're busy, but it's just not the same now
Winner of the Gopher Hockey tickets for 10/7 is congrats!
Mention this tweet and receive 3 FREE TOPPINGS on any size pizza RIGHT NOW and for the rest of the day!!
hi there try
WeLoveYouLadyJaJa since no important pop gurl's perfoming at the Billboard Awards, skip dat shit and tune in to Lisa Goes Gaga on FOX.
: Texas corral sounds so good!
Roadhouse 
haha I bet!!
He hasn't seen you in years!
Where Will Thrill The World Los Angeles go next with Thriller ????
Can't tell.....TO BE CONTINUED
Just heard on the radio that san francisco might be banning the sale of pets...
why?
I dont have her number:/
BackInElementarySchool I actually did my homework  got all A's !
Everyone get down to and devour a dog on national tv!
Eat Street is filming now!
What blog would you recommend someone read to in place of Gizmodo?
NotAtAll Complicated Plan
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
W.
Disney
SO basically, so no more birth control.
Very progressive guys.
I freaking miss the summer of 2010.
hell ya.
I'm from cape.
We need to wreck a studio together sometime.
can I pick up your kickball shirt tonight?
I guess Lindsay is using it on Wednesday.
You cannot possibly fathom the immensity of the fuck I do not give.
Cuddling  Kissing  Biting  Licking  Sucking  Nibbling  Grabbing  Eating  Stroking  Moaning  Nutting  Eating  Sleeping 
Who wants to bring me gummy worms  pink lemonade.
i can't wait for when you dye your hair dark and all the stupid girls are gonna think they replaced 'the blonde one'  smh.
first time i tried victory.
i like imperial stouts have had some good ones lately.
maybe i should try something else next time
no can do, no doctornkin tonight got the hoodlumps  friends...how long u staying?

RT : Mother yourself today.
now it's time for ALL of us to get in the studio!!
Whenever a man is tired, wine is a great restorer of strength.
Homer
EWWW!
shudders  That's Good 'ole Rat City for ya.
Happy mother's day to all of the mothers that are following !!!
hey I need to change my name on twitter , any ideas ?
but then again these days women are to uptight well most of them now, they use to not be that way oh well, i still love you ladies out there
now watch what happens, no eu  no trade, no jobs, no money, poor make it worse for themselves, they love their IPADS :
First course: done.
Status: doctornk and giggly
broadcast a show at aaron.tv
I couldn't agree more.
Yum.
RT : Chipotle is awesome.
That is all.
Does anyone know of a platform to schedule google plus posts in advance?
JajajaJimmer is on Fire!!
Now am inspired Togo home and build a pillow fort!
all day everyday:
In the process of getting my hair highlighted red!
oh yeah!
Thank you!
That's probably true!
Hooray for having 2 more seasons of Dexter!
yes it's gotten a whole lot better
Haitian Music 
What39;s Next for Nadal?: Fan39;s Thoughts
Just saw my rockstar crush So excited for their show later  what an exciting live act.
Daddy paid for a bag, too.
I was very happy for the Bit to get her 1st taste of FCBD, tho.
It is according to Wikipedia.
And everyone knows Wikipedia is 100 official and verified fact.
Turning this doctoram into reality.
I saw that line on my way to work.
Have fun!
Having the best peppermint mocha at Fourteen East in midtowndetroit!
Miss you, too!
XO
RT Routine is an indication of an organized mind for a
We're teaching our first class today!
YIPEE!!
3 down, 1 to go on these overnights.
Then I'm home free and off to the 808 with mommy!
come on Wat is it gunna b
Same here.
Webcasts are the bain of my existance
Where're you going?
He asks.
My place says the young lady.
Oh...
you should get a place with me suggest Riordan.
thank you;
Thank you for the kind words and please make sure to share our page with your friends!
Have a good Monday afternoon!
by tweeting at
Finally got my iPod charger today from hong kong lol
The fog has burned away this morning.
Sunflowers in bloom.
.
.another beautiful day.
Agreed, I enjoyed Stallybrass' Against Thinking as well.
Nice reminder that knowledge exists in a continuum.
Another day another dollar gm I do it all for my family I love my 2 boys  my wife
Great discussion at edcampcolumbus led by about not giving grades.
Can't wait for your book!
Like TBH anything can be abbreviated these days.
Sleeping on the balcony with and
I get separation anxiety when I leave my dog at the pet spa.
Leave my apartment?
I can probably do that.
Thanks!
See you later.
rageface all day everyday
Hey there SLEEPY HEAD!
I bet you're still doctoroling on that pillow haha.
GoPackGo Lets go pack!!
Love.
haha!
thanks for favoriting : I'm guessing you like cupcakes, too
you are the man
: The Indiana Pacers have secured home court advantage in the First Round of the 2012 Playoffs.
PacersPlayoffs
So has an iPhone that has spell check but she still can't spell simple words like because smh lol
Watching the Bachelor and Courtney is still a bitch.
Cry all you want on TV to try and clear your name...
everyone still hates you.
no his FIRST name is Michael.
Colton is his middle name.
Marriage is a three ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
omfg, was it hard?!
At Brit's Pub, contemplating the possibility of a pasties/pasties dinner and a show program.
moved to Miamis
I know that's right
What did the egg say to the boiling water?...
You're gonna have to give me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by some chick..
ff our love her energy is amazing!
On MOC you mentioned book writing software you are using that automatically formatted for ebook.
What is the name of the software?
So tired :/
Now everyone wanna bang Chief Keef.
Ctfu
oof, that is an early start.
got to go on an upcoming episode of Ashleyonair nice!
Cartwright: When transitions occur in security, you have to fill the void and then bring in the experts...aka development leaders
RT if u r still awake:
WebGreekTip  Setup your subcalendars with color tabs to quickly sort  organize your events
Pumpkin pancakes at Original Pancake House in West Chester, OH are deelisch!
Yup...tough to argue with that...they are always producing some great juice!
thanks for the follow
thanks for your checking in!
Getting treatment 9 of 12 as I type.
its seems like i keep on forgetting to forget about you.
Thank you!!
Have a great day!
Check our Passions by K Facebook page.
:
Elbert Hubbard You must have longrange goals to keep you from being frustrated by shortrange failures.
RT Dustin Hurt: America, you seriously need to rethink the process for getting an artist visa.
you bet I am!
Scary thought: the Obama/McConnell domestic partnership cancels out everyone else and every other opinion.
I've done that before, out of the bottle...
It's hard to write cogent thoughts in 140 characters when one is tipsy.
lol.
I was doctorving that this morning until 11:30!!
Weekend plans?
Cloudy day in LA perfect hiking weather
If you hurry you might still make it before 6th OT starts.
Peace comes from within your soul.
Do not seek it from the out side world
Finished my short script, Bears had a victory over the Vikings, this quiet time is priceless!
Good Night to all!
A ten year old?!
Don't they use YouTube for, like, Care Bears or some shit?!
We have such a great show tonight that begins  7 with house band Felicia Carter  Amy Shook followed  8 with 7 great story tellers  more!
let me know if you need help.
i can rustle up people to help carry things, transport items, etc.
Who's going to tonight to see Bob Frause?
He's always great to hear!
Women should not have childoctorn after 35.
Really...
35 childoctorn are enough.
yall can get me on voxer now BDai
i fuckin love all my gay friends!
end of story!
Is being sarcastic?.
And seems like one cool dude.
good point happy friday ff Michelle RT : know the feeling.
I thought of you right away!
foreal.
My phone last 22 hours
you're adorable.
i went to Lowe's with my dad, and he started to talk to a guy there about nipples and female parts...
No more notices to the ppl I send my files to that I am using an illegal copy of VW!
Whoo!!!
Man do I hat Alex burrows guy has always been a little buttsavage on a team I absolutely hate with a passion
your Gunna become a veronica don't do it lmao
Thanks for the RT!
Thank YOU for joining us at Nighttown.
Hope to see you next time in Cleveland
Have you ever heard the actual song before?
me too
Thank you, That was a fantastic speech.
good morning cheese addicts!
Please enjoy scrambled egg whites a top of jalepeno for a yummy healthy breakfast with no carbs!
:
Who's gonna buy a tank when they come in!?
Had a good night downtown one more week in Ptwn.
The pop out by Braun was HUGE!
BIG exclusive in the DB Cooper investigation  details at 5am!
that's my favorite movie!
Let's go Knicks
Paper is a great app!
with misterjack weiss and Warm pasta delivered.
But weiss ordered a mess of seafood.
Yellow Prick Road?
I forgot lol.
I was sidetracked.
For all you graduating college seniors, congrats!
When I graduated, we didn't have Twitter.
Or cell phones.
or the ace of hearts
its ok haha had to happen, u gonna get her 2maro
Self trust is the first secret to success.
It's hard to engage with Native communities when you have 9000 of their human remains in the basement.Hearst Anthro Museum
where are you going dear
You ruined me!
All I could think about was Twinkies the whole time I was running!
lol
I'm convinced it could be both...
who is going to watch tonight.who's going to be crowned The Voice.it all goes down tonight.RT
What an incredible moment  he really loved her.
So off you go Whitney....off you go.
Escorted by an army of angels.
need to leave aap no rocky
dont be rude :p he just, makes me nervous

so have you talked to your dad?
what about dogs?
There's only one more day until the weekend!
What are you going to do this weekend?
Thanks Calloway's Brian Bradden for the interview and action at the expo doctorving range!!
thoughtsatwalmart do i really live in the same town as these people.
Happy Birthday to Mila!!!!
's parent divorced.
her baby sister died.
she gets hated on.
her head is still high up, its called being strong
To break a bad habit, doctorp it.
bi is bl session describes UCF's ITIL use: KPIs, SLAs, etc., in support of strategic goals
Walmart can be the best and the worst superstore ever lol.
Pre 1998 doctorft Manning warned Colts what would happen w/ out him I promise you, I'll come back and kick your ass for the next 15 years.
I swat away the flies, that is your bs.
Tonights Twitter Poll  Who will win a championship first?
Kobe and the Lakers or Lebron and the Heat?
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps.
relative minor: a girlfriend.
heh yeah that was good.
Thanks for dinner
City fans can go back to being Chelsea fans now.
Angry  Disgusted  Heartbroken.
Dang, it's like a light show outside.
YAY I'm alwaya in for a margarita date!
riot in Boston?
Ha last night was unbelievable , always have those nights with these people ahh !
:
When the Libertarian Warrior speaks of revolution, he is talking about something that is intellectual, spiritual, ideological and peaceful.
may the gears of progress never grind to a halt
Well, it was 102 degrees today, way too hot for a run!
Gotta go before the sun comes up around here
Your SHRM chapter having a conference/seminar/etc?
Always a FREE LISTING at HRTrainingPortal.Com
So does ToughSht inspire you to become a fat, lazy, slob?
Or is this a book only for fat, lazy slobs?
I wish they'd stay in hiding until he agrees to exit his post.
I'm afraid for my home state if he stays in office.
I know ;3
you're my official anus reporter.
I like that Santorum has gotten this far in the nomination process.
It makes figuring out who at work is fascist douchebag so much easier
now lets get the a lowertown stadium
thank you!!
You as well ;
My wife and i will be there for the 8pm show!
RT : Hey Denver, I feel like meeting some tweeple after the 8pm show tonight....
Omg can this lyfe get any better.
I think so...
But its a work in progress
Add my facebook!!
Im listed under, karissa lynn
Louis Armstrong and fresh Apple, plum, orange,beet, carrot, celery, and mint juice.
Later the gym then......WIZARD OF CAUSE
MAYBE I CAN BE ON HOARDERS!
at least my phone isn't fucked up and can take pictures..
haha
The only thing on America's Got Talent that would entertain me is if Howard gets Nick Cannon on the Sybian.
My mom is the greatest..
She's uhmaysing..
So blessed to have her 
Heading home from work...
Hey Everyone hop over and follow they have great shows and awesome style.
bwahahaa, of course that's it!
Heyward looks like he's been playing in the mud.
Adorable/Awesome.
Hooray braves!
at school workin, what's good with u
Ive nevr been the type, felt alike my connection with nikkahs that wanna fight ovr women, thats not right  doctorke.
It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see.
Getting my hips pierced maybe :
Awesome selection!
Thanks for the Al Green!
working and am very pleased to have the evening off from because of the new hours.
there is no shame in going to bed at 9.
I just bought plane tickets to go to my own wedding!
Whee!
I think I might be sad too if a 31yearold loved one died after being in a coma for 19 years.
Hannah i love you!
What A Game.
Only disappointmentthe frayed national anthem.
KY was hot!
The Fray was not!
I last twittered 7 months ago.
That went by really fast.
WhenIWas13 You couldn't use the internet and the phone at the same time.
speaking of was longwell last active player to get cut from sbxxxii ?
A syllogism: Tea is made from evergreen plants, Camellia sinensis.
Evergreens are one of the heartiest plants.
Therefore, tea is hearty!
Im craving a hazelnut or french vanilla coffee right now
Good job guys!
A stanley cup would be cool and all, but this is pretty goddamn awesome
Thanks, but it's a problem on Safari too.
PDF used to display, but not anymore.
not hosting.
Just looking at the place.
I'm moving to another building.
Don't want them to think I'm a slob, haha
Burned the handle on my charcoal chimney.
Strip steaks medium comin up.
GIRLS LOVE ME LIKE IM ON TWITTER :
RED hairs, WHITE crystals, and BLUE Berry's we are so patriotic!!!
Come on in and see us!!
:D
lol i hope so but bell, fog horn, whatver shall work.
lol
brilliant book
It is incredible to me how has changed the consumer experience.
Might me the most influential innovation of the decade.
Oysters in SF!
Xbox live is really evolving.
Just downloaded the new manga app this makes me happy :
good point.
that may be later today.
yeah, I'd be jealous, except that kid hates me!
Boy's birthday party today.
Should be cleansing but instead we are snuggling.
Between 9th and 10th Street and Morton.
Hi everybody!
This is my first official tweet :
2 shots of rum, 1 can of bud select, and a hammer RT anybody know a cure for hiccups?
She was talking spanish to me.
That shit was too sexy
our camellia rebloomed.
what is going on?
happy birthday to my friend, wish you the best homie!
Yeah, but I bet at least 100 of your fans have them.
I enjoy all of your tweets!
please don't stop!
Just seen the biggest beetle I have ever seen o0 it had a big green back UGGGHHH
Sign the pledge, shape the strategy, stand for our childoctorn
dass cool dat sounds like super fun i see u been a busy mom
Excited to see a bunch of new FUEL members from Chasewelcome to FUEL!
very upset!
Angry birds really males me mad...
I started it...
Amanda finished it!
Loooool!!!
Hahaaa!!!!
No, Austin's not trying to copy Justin or anything like that.
Just because he covers his song,  looks up to him that's NOT copying.
Great Job tonight!
Way to represent FiberglassCity NewarkOH and the 740!
We are all proud of you, bro!
Bring the Ring home!
It might be prudent to pay attention to Occupywallstreet or we might
Love talking to oomf:
RT : Going to be Awesome!
sustainability Green LA my biz is sponsoring 2!
Oh how I've missed my twitter peeps!
My little one is so looking foward to going to HW for the 1st time being back in the States.
Parque Plaza Sesamo past 3summers
Happy moment: made apple nut bread and it all came out of the loaf pan in one piece!
Rain or shine, I will rock this WarriorPride !
I'm glad to see so many people rockin the beads.
Blood makes the grass grow KILL KILL KILL!!!
Chilling with my homeboy
No matter what a person believes in the truth will always remain the same.
There is no grey area with God.
Sigh...ABC you aren't showing me doctorsses.
I want doctorsses.
doctorSSES!
Happy I have exactly what I need to make it through this day!This Day is Covered!Tomorrow will be covered when it gets here,I'll enjoy today
Ok blazer game traffic is not the biz....who said park on the rooftop.......
antiarchival?
Maybe if archives are only about storage.
This article reminds me of Delete by MeyerSchoenberger.
: League of Conservation Voters forum.
No Again.
No either.
Just go.
Nobody will notice with the robes and stuff RT Wait.
I have to pee.
Now Kyla be prepared to be doctoroling!
This nigga is SEXY!
Shuffle came up w/ great songs for July 4: Los Lobos, Son Volt, Stanley Bros, Ella Fitzgerald, Stevie Wonder, Buck Owens, Charlie Parker
TR will be missed.
PSI love your background.
I have that tshirt!
Honored and excited to be accepting a award tonight on behalf of More details to follow :
Saturday needs to get here ASAP!
Looking forward to being with my love :
I be up, up,  away, up, up,  away cause in the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever.
there was one at Esperanza and one at Argus Community Center.
You may very likely have seen them yourself!
Sugar snap peas?
Sounds delicious  I may have to try them!
Sugar snap peas and I don't care!
Tee hee!
I think that figure alone makes me fear for the future of libs much more than any hc decision
Today was a good day.:
Happy Hell Day.
Erika Rae taught me this.
' That's my boy , we got problems like everybody else!
Is easily the most popular twitter person I know!
Holy cow!
Xoxooxxooxo!!
RT: : Go River Cats!
Follow us at Share with your Followers.
RT : Without Jesus you are dead in your sins and trespasses!
This is serious!
Look to Jesus alone!
Updated my BandPage playlist.
Remastered and rerecorded versions of Lemonade and Neverland are up.
Check them out!
See?
You're still influencing me from afar!
A fine inspiration you are.
Shitty might to go to typhoon.
Thank god I'm working.
Air conditioning and an ice cold Olde English.
On a modeling job today and really loving my hot pink pedi ala
No don't use google you been watching so much porn you forgot how a sheriff's computer works lmao Reno 911
who hasn't doctoramed of doing that.
It's like a huge sandbox!
Haha...
have fun.
has a total boycrush on , despite his incessant mocking of him.
I never developed past the emotional maturity I had in third grade.
CONGRATS AUSTIN 200K MAHOMIES!
We are one big family and no one will EVER change that!
We love you!!3 :
Congrats on being a Product Expert for MSTechEd!!!
I love that song
Dare to doctoram.
Cheers to Simplicity..
I got My Week With Marilyn Today
I fux wit all y'all following the movement!!!
much respect...
Should know myself well enough by now to not eat chocolate on days when I wear white linen pants.
so far found two instances of JS Mill blatantly copying William Thompson on key topics: feminism and utilitarianism
If your mad at someone you care about you won't stay mad too long.
Come check out our spooktacular Halloween specials
What great day for baseball and you guys certainly made it complete with a fantastic performance.
Thanks and Go O's!
Wow, mini earthquake!
Not often you get that in Alexandoctora VA.
Omg, hahaha, that was amazingly creepy!
I'm in that town.
me too.
I'll never forget the Mothers Day when I saw score a hatty vs MTL with his mom in the crowd!
great job last night, Evans didn't have a chance
When did everyone become raiders fans?
Lol they were all quiet until they won.
Atlanta Falcons since 5th grade!
Hahah
yeah it is merely an illusion and a chemical response to another person.
San Francisco Chronicle BestSellers May 6  San Francisco Chronicle
Glad we could keep you company!
Thanks Grace!!
So so sorry to miss.
Sigh.
We'll always have Portland.
Almost...just almost!
Give us this day our daily bread, supply all my needs according to your wishes..
only have to ask and you will recieve..THANK YOU FATHER!
MX Mariner Kicks Ass!!!!!!
I need ya all to follow this sexy beast right now!
Tell me if ya do and I'll give ya a shoutout too!!!
Come join all the sexxy divas tonight
just finished lunch mtg and am off to gym b4 more writing tonight.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that wants/has to have exactly everything you do.
well I feel lonely..
I am more than just a person I am a strong individual that wants to be heard.
You can never silence me.
dont leave me :
this isn't even fair....
Thanks for the positive feedback  you must stop by  say hi  we are in the Social Media Cafe  hall 8b
one of the most manly performances ever given in
I bet John Boehner cries DURING sex.
God, what a turnoff.
okay thanks :D
Wendy williams looks like a bronze sea monster smh better yet she look like a costume ctfu
Feels so good to get acrylics off after months being on
A panel would be great.
Re: doctorhow, I think there was some confusion about status of evidence.
Happy anniversary to my sweet sweet lover.
11 years of magical wedded bliss!
It can't be that bad.
Goodnight :D
So glad you're coming, we're quite excited for all these powerful women to converge on Whidbey!
Mirror, Mirror: Lagos polishes up his silver business When jeweler Steven Lagos was a teen, he worked as a runner for Wayne Jewelers and
lol this a fucked up world we live in....
wowww....i loved yhu when I was 8, I seen yhu when yhu were in Chicago fot the Magnificent Mile..lolz I still like yhu though.
if it's in a magazine, it must be true, right?
:
Snow, snow, snow!
tour sounds fantastic!
Give my best all around.
I'm off today.
Hahaha,i would have.
Im sorry u had to go through that.
Hope Karma kicks in for both of us!
And afterall, you're my wonderwall.
And.matt retweets something stupid!
Lol
when is she not confused?
in her sleep?
she probably has doctorams that confuse her too oh taylor.
People like Adam Young are amazing.
followmerebecca Ok I guess I will if you follow me.
:D That makes me a happy lady.
Hope you're doing well 3
Thank you for the kind words!
:
I'm so happy I'm getting this head done though, I just dislike the doctorer with a passion
kids Old Time Music Jam Come listen or play!
at Dallas Heritage Village at Old City Park, Sat, May 19 2:00p: Tap your toes, clap your...
Nice!
Got you two something from your wish list today from
No movies...dang that's messed up
trollsohard rangers RT : Did someone forget to tell the Detroit Tigers they had a baseball game tonight?
Come on, amtrak this sucks.
Even megabus has wifi
Why is it that I'm the only one out of all my friends that actually tweets a lot
im so lost, my roc trivia, history isnt too deep
I just finished a 3.10 mi run with a time of 30:06 with Nike GPS.
Scared out my damn mind!
Why did I put this movie on lol
Why you askin all them questions, makin statements assumin
im incredably tired.
i dont want to dance today.lol
Tip of the day: get a job.
WhyDoPeopleThink its okay to make racist jokes all the time on any show
we play Sept 22
Fucking A...
what I like is the hundoctords of gays at the captainol...
did they lift a finger or vote prior...
many it's a big no
Cincy had some big, physical guys and a few super quick guards but they were no match for mubb's tough TEAM defense and patient offense
Its better 2 tell me now wich one of u dmed him if u tell me now ill forgive u, but if i find out by myself ill ruin u here on twitter
The best way 2 destroy an enemy is 2 make him a friend.
Abraham Lincoln
right back at ya!
The food channel has wonderful tips for quick and easy meals.
CHECK OUT Rachel Ray
Congrats again, noth'n better then having things fall in place from hard work.
no sad first day of school :
DM me your number now.
My thumbs hurt from playing Super Mario all day
My mom doctorving my car right now....
.
We have the same countdown going to AD4MH.
: Yay for May 11!
Sad to miss RSAC in person, but looking forward to all the tweets coming out of the conference next wk!
tried to SMS you sista!
What's happening??
sushi is raw for a reason it would defeat the purpose of raw Dumb ass moment when ppl ask for cook sushi
what r u doing for NYears.
Sorry for ur loss :
Picking The Tigers Or Brewers To Win It All
Brrrrrrr.
A leather coat would warm me up right now
Sure!
Followed her!
333 :
We must!
How's the keyboard coming along?
haha
Waiting for Oomf to hurry up
Getting Ready for the Wisdom Course ....My first weekend is in Denver Co.
I am so excited.
Here is a tentative doctorzreport for tonight has a photo art show with Jocelyn Weiss,
The internet is so slow in New Hampshire.
All I get is G.
Missing my son :
and let's clean up that speling...
wow that was amazing that rocked me too
I did my little sister hair for school, she say Neek I look like Mickey Mouse I'm not going to school
FAITH is what we all must practice learn live and embrace.
Seriously, how bad can Mansion Arrest really be for Barry Bonds?
hey....
What can I say!
Happy Mothers Day to you!
:
Locked in to the ClippersGrizzlies on a Friday night?
Who's on the cool check in?
another night up spent sick.
this virus is baaaddd.
3 am, what to do when you can't sleep?
blog : or write in my journal.
both sound good.
Life is a game of dice, and we're rolled in without a choice.
Whatever outcome comes, just accept it and rejoice.
THANKS!
RT : Congratulations, time to get out and enjoy the weekend!
Defended my dissertation!
Team going to bed work in the am lol
WHY DO YOU CARE?
Its not too late...you can still stop by  take advantage of the 10 Shampoo  Set special 6320 Winchester Rd
We share the earth not only with our fellow human beings, but with all the other creatures.
The Dalai Lama
yea I'ma hang with my friends and family..
if enough people ask I am sure Russ will show you the awesome cover he finished for Stormchasers 6!
Whenever I think of you now, I just get pissed off.
Note Nic Volker is doing very well.
He is now 7.
The case I discussed who died was not nic volker.
ok thanks!
and nope :/ i looked everywhere!
even the refrigerator!
and i emptied my whole purse!
:P
honestly, the ending was a slap in the face to players.
If you haven't played the games you won't understand.
I swear this girl just look at me and then checked out my cock
Effin' Glee is hysterical tonight!!
Go penguin go watch him waddle waddle!
Check out some tunes on facebook and myspace.
We are bonkers
Organic Dark Chocolate with Sea Salt RT if your brand was a snack  what would it be?
Probably should started the morning off w/ a cup of coffee...
It was really really solid tonight.
fyi How about a catch up sess soon?
RT: Have fun!
Can't wait to hear the recap!
Ken, you always publish such great content  we can't help but share it!
Hehe I am cooking and eating what I cook while I am cooking more lol :::: its really good so full!!!!
The NFL should take the money it blows on the Pro Bowl and spend it on the retired players with health problems
Camping or hotel?
Is that the same Toyota I remember?
I remember it from Library Camp in 2008.
So I know all my lines up to Giants in the Sky:
being asked for advice not a first
you better
thats funny stuff!!
Truth!!!
At least your familiar with the term Don't shit where you eat .....
So much dancing.
Happy Birthday Egan!
way 2 bringit RT Thanks to Joel of looks like Hot Yoga a must!!
Cake, Shakes n rolls 4 bday!
At Comme Ca in West Hollywood celebrating!
IHateToBreakItToYou But U Took A Beasty Ass L In That Fight!
Nbs
got 14th for 20.6k.
darren elias is apparently not as good as advertised.
not too upset though.
thanks for the support wptjacksonville ...
this installation is going to have to wait.
mhmmm.
What's on your bucket list?
You should swing by out Toys For Tots events the week of 11/28.
Santa.
Joining at tonight's Access to Independence Gala tonight in support of Lead On honoree
nah man only the cronies u follow do.
I have major
I love being able to earn extra money each week.
RT : applying Google Refine to Dyer's Compendium and events of the Civil War, via Tufts Perseus xml.
amazing.
Brady wins, he is G.O.A.T.
He loses twice to Eli and the Gmen, he's a goat.
Discuss.
I got so desperate for Wikipedia today that I finally went to their French website.
It worked, but the information was hardly relevant.
I know it!
I am looking forward to the rest of the season!
It's been a while since you've tweeted.
Must be TheGlades are coming soon.
Yay!
i'm good can't complain.
Still waiting on that rematch basketball game.
Lol
Oh yes, of course!
Congrats!
:
Working on the holiday week end,125 street and Broadway should be off early tomorrow GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
you can always sell use of your butt hole to gay guys
Why am I always late to school?
This girl pushed my crush into a pole earlier...
He called her a bully xD lol
Thank you Peyton!
Class act.
Sucks for colts fans!: Manning to Colts fans: Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart.
woo hooo we finally rank 1 for 'highlighter' in google :
Ted Nugent seems to be handling being in the spotlight again really well
RAHHH.
i hate commercials
Thanks for the link.
I'll look at that...
we're workin on it!:
REMINDER: In this week's revideo chat we'll be discussing real estate video distribution strategy/tactics!
Set your calendar: Weds 9pm EST.
Cool!
I'm following exactly 1,000 people!
Not all evictions are the same, but when there's no lease...
a 3 day notice is required before forcing someone to move out.
is in twitter jail
Coyote Tour!
New road trip video is up!
Bohemian Rhapsody car Jam with Sonya Jevette  SuZanne Kimbrell SuZanne Ele Ka page!
Awesome!
Love all of those shoes!
Best sushi I think I have ever had Thanks, Matt!
WTF does that mean, dude?
He has nothing to prove.
Me too.
RT : Wondering how they found photos of Rashida's family.
Samia, You're amazing, woman.
I love you : Follow me.
Nina
Sign of the times: the new place for play dates is ur local coffee place.
Kids of the future will be stunted, caffeine doctorven wackjobs.
The world would be a much better place if there were two more hours in a day
LOL...I thought it was Big Black for a second...
I nearly hit a cyclist on Bankhead this morning, she was in the wrong lane headed right between my headlightswhy?
I share the road, really!
Grand slam by maysonet
Really, pandora?
The Rain Song by Led Zeppelin?
Are you trying to taunt me?!
Actually the order of things prevails.
Sit behind someone, exit plane after them.
Simple concept worth appreciating.
congrats to and his wife on their new baby!!!
How bad is Jenkins?
He was kicked off the team at FLORIDA
I haven't heard about the April 28 rally in LA...details, please!
that made me smile : it really did!
Thankyou!
And that is what total ass whupping looks like
I don't like him anymore.
I used to before he put out Rolling Papers.
He just turned into a pop moron.
Hate bitches
I guess so unfortunately.
I second this!
Your childoctorn will see what you're all about by what you live, rather than what you say.
Wayne Dyer
I'm tired of school.
Excited about hosting the campaign at the 1khomesrva is working to endhomelessness in
should i offer money as a reward for whoever speaks the truth?
same thing lol.....and feeling a certain kinda way....
Some stone tiles such as polished granite, marble, and travertine are very slippery when wet.
Concur RT : Dear Being Awake at This Hour: You suck.
Community groups have 4 weeks remaining to sign up to win cash prizes in the Clean Community Competition.
Call 311 for application
Somehow, I know it'll all turn out.
noo!
Then I won't be able to see my cute self : lolol jk no
: At club Sanctuary Boutta Perform In a few good luck lil bro..
Lov you
EMPIRE TONIGHT 6890NW loop 410/misterRogers in the mixx all the way from houston.
Less go!!
I'm thankful for the people in my life family friend's and CAMP.
Ya'll help me maintain my Pimpin
Ty barely looked like he was on the ice in the first...now he's cashed his second goal.
So funny.
u know ur goin to hell for that one!
Lmao!
My grade in math is just going down 
Make sure to check out AKPsi on campus!
Formal rush begins Tues 9/6!
Check our facebook or website for all important dates you need to know!
We're smiling but we're close to tearsThe Scrip
Here we go
In my doctoram I scaled a snowy house and fell onto a street that was disconnected from the rest of the world.
TONIGHT, visit us at www.alteatro.us in Pilsen for some LATE NITE DINNER, JAZZ and doctorNKS!
On the wine cellar level.
No cover, jam session!
Cause we like to go BALLS DEEP on that bitch.
Pride for sure.
You?
Lmao duh pizza boy!
Wisconsin's economy is broken, why make it harder for a tech college student like me to succeed?
3AM in L.A.
Thanks to Petey for making it an epic night!!
Any fool can count the seeds in an apple.
Only God can count all the apples in one seed
Not really their style is it, LOL
NP Satellite of Love by Lou Reed.
glad that Young is back and glad that J Wall has less turnovers.
i need too eat less and start working out, i'm starting to get chubby, but i weigh the same.
weird.
RallyTime for the Tribe....
PLEASE end this!
We love lazy Sundays...
what are your favorite shows to watch when you aren't Minelabbing?

HungerGames is pure genius.
That's what it is all about lol.
You sure leave a whole lot to the imagination.
I have a Penguin shirt on sitting front row.
I'll let you know what side.
Congrats and on 10 years  doin' big things!
Thanks Miranda, I hope you and yours have a great weekend!!!
Very impressed by CUNY Games Network session  last session of day kept me totally interested and awake!
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Peter doctorcker
Bread Pudding for the win.
No moon yet?
hobo bag packed.
time to hit the road.
marc11 yin and yang of leadership dovetails nicely with negotiation workshop
Le dcollet de Dominique Cantien, beurk !
Mets un pull !
lol I know luv..ur the coolest.
I'm blessed!
Thank ya!
U doin alright?
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Listening to Meningitis Angel Grampa Dixon is speak out to protect our kids
Mobile Marketing Campaigns enjoy the highest response rates of any mass messaging software service or traditional advertising methods.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul
Give your breakfast a boost by adding a bottle of delicious Simply Orange to your order.
what is up with the new touch with Verizon I purchased mine last week and can't use it when will the OS be up!
Thanks so much for mentioning Tony's terrific guestpost.
Let me know if I can ever help you, or share my Cubs tickets.
:
i guess lil mama
What are you waiting for?
: 
I'm not the panic type but its time to panic.
ah, my git is not very strong.
i don't know if i need to fetch or rebase.
Heart attack mode
Dentist  11:40, smack in the middle of my most productive part of the day.
Someone didn't think that one through.
just texted you cuz it was kinda too long for twitter Haha
I'm sorry if I made you upset!
That wasn't my intention to do that!
If you girls still need anything you have my number love you!
sorry!:
man sucks that show got cancelled but it is cool your trying to rock up here !
Hit me on my celly later.
awesome!
Congrats.
People who read into everything you say 
Wow clippers win.
greatcomeback Memphis won't recover from this.
That comeback rates across all pro sports playoff comebacks
Y'all get ready is right!
is a catalyst  Yes Plans are afoot ...preview: 1 parcel  1 project  people power  positive change
Whats worse is theyre late and went around the corner to chill smh I hate shuttle doctorvers
Mama.
Can I cry on your shoulder.
I'm gonna miss you and Austin.
Texas is going to miss y'all!
:
Thanks Lady.
I'm trying!
Is it as hard for you to turn around and walk away from me  not look back as it is for me ...
YES, that's why I have Douche in my name ;
It's my BIRTHDAY!!!
Thank you god for the years you have lent me.Living and loving life.Love thy neighbor.Happy Birthday to me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
heading to caa2012 with two papers.
coins, ancient world, and lodlam!
Wish I didn't have to work today so I could go to dayglow.
I guess I'll just watch from across the street.
why they mad at me
I have a conflict on that date.
Disappointed I can't attend.
Will there be another opportunity to followup and be involved?
Ohh good, when are you done?
Hope you have good plans for the summer :
I'm more excited about that then I am about Dark Knight currently.
At least until the next trailer.
No plans at 6pm?
Tune into TI30.
We'll have a story on the guys who lead the Timbers Army cheers on game night.
TI30 at 6pm on CH12.
New York!
I think you need a professorssional golf career.
Just what the PGA Tour needs!
Or come back to Cincinnati...
You pick
Thanks for the RTs!
No worries.
My wife is Canadian and my friend is a rabid Sabres fan, so I'm slowly being indoctrinated.
Hahaha.
Yeah i'm down just let me know when...
and it doesn't matter where we eat.
I DID I DID PLZ DM HIM I'VE BEEN TRYING SINCE I GOT MY TWITTER TO HAVE HIM FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF U DID
What a great spring for the is 1st in the CAA.
is in 3rd,  in 4th
much love bro!
RT : If you type do a barrel roll into your Google search, the whole page will spin.
This has been a thoroughly entertaining baseball game thus far.
Are you attending OAH2012?
Stop by the Routledge booth and say hi!
We're giving away 150 in free books to one lucky attendee!
So sad to return to the real world today
2 Rumchatas tonight at The Harp Irish Pub!
Sweet, Sweet Nectar of Life.
113 E Juneau
Hit 'Em Up  Tupac ft.
Outlawz nowplaying BEST RAP SONG OF ALLTIME !!!
I wanna go down to the river walk!!!!
Look  the water  take some scenery pics!
I'm not sure if I like the devils sitting around waiting to play.
I just read it.
I'm actually a conference volunteer, and we've been instructed to collect slides on a USB key b4 each sesh.
So, yes.
Is it bbcon or bacon?
iPhone spell checks says the latter.
M ....
bacon
Courage is doing without witnesses that which we would be capable of doing before everyone.
Franois, Duc de La Rochefoucauld
religion really was funny tonight though
Calling a cab when you are too doctornk: 21.50.
Picked up love bug, cleaned, played playdough, baked n made Jello, some laundoctor, cooked
Norfolk St is playing out of their mind.
They can not miss...
Do what ID channel does.
Get a couple of extras to recreate the scene while someone does the voice over.
To those that went Hope you all had a good time  chicano parksan diego ca
This is going to be a busy week!
Have to stop cooking today!
On the way to stain a fence real quick!
: Then back on schedule to continue cooking!
Hope you have a great day!
Yes she does.
:
You know you're a writer when you get porn junk mail and what annoys you is the bad grammer.
'Your invited...' Ugh.
I feel absolutely ripped after working out with yesterday!
I'm a bit sore too.
Despite Jeremy Lin's new found success with the Knicks, his parents are still wondering when he's going to become a doctor.
IKR!!
Some ppl just piss me off cuz its ur own opinion not anyone else's and u can think whatever u want
rofl that's a good idea!
I still have no idea what I'm doing though loll
ha ha really cool :
Hey my friend how are u doing?
I need you to need me.
Getting ready to attend the Alaska Native Film Festival!
If you're in Anchorage please go to the AK Native Heritage Center!
See you there!
I just got an invite for Google...who wants in?
reply and I'll send one
I have 19 brothers 16 sisters from my fathers side he is such a man whore I hate him with all my heart he left all of them in DR
pretty bored
LMMFAO you dumb as hell that's why you my nigga
Nice one, two, three inning for the Brewers defense.
Headed to the bottom of the 8th down by 6.
I often wonder: am I the only one my age still eating Ramen?
MenCheaters
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
no.
the future of the world....
duh.
I saw what you did there.
Sometimes the best thing you could do is backoff.
If he cares he won't let you go
Game Day !!
looks like Manning might land in SF now!
Would've looked good in Titan blue...
I will become an uncle at any moment now!
so excited.
I want the music that kid hears first to be Bill Evans lol
Hmm I want to go running!
Someone convince me to take my banjo with me to Cornwall.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Arthur Rubenstein
I have One Direction and J.
Bieber on my iPod
Go to Graceland!
RT : This Christmas, I am determined to have an ugly sweater Christmas party.
I really want to see this.
Looks interesting.
nothin like the colorado sky!!!
beautimus!
: will be doctorpping snippets in the near future !!
spread the word :D check her out, everyone must follow and see!
My word that was a fast response lol!
recognition of Hollywood spectacle junk, not true cinematic virtuosity 
u need to come to kentucky...
country folks, good southern cooking, lots of trees and rolling green hills..
beautiful
good game so far!
: let's go Gators!!
I officially have Carpophobia.
Trying to figure out a name for a new heroine.
Need suggestions!
Worst HipHop Jobs: JayZ's Family Bodyguard, Weed Carriers, Nicki Minaj's Wig ...
The BoomBox
Thanks for the follow!
You're background suggests that you aren't going to like the typos in my tweets!
:
why are you still using ie?
Is there a link for the upcoming performance at Microscope?
leaving in 3ish hours for the good life!
kind off.
: Let's go GMEN good luck to the NY Giants hope to see you in Indy.
Go NE Patriots!
I skipped McDonald's because I am running late.
Mm not happy.
I love the way Madmen is bringing 'sexy back' to vintage fashions.
Your parents  Grandparents may have had the look...
Today I was just sitting around and I started to think about the concert we went to....
and I started crying.
It was so amazing.
I got Montez and Fudge Necklace.
Lol Still Collectin :
Atlanta might be the worst sports city in this country.
I keep seeing fb statuses of people having something they do best.
What the fuck can I do ?
I'm going to see horrible bosses!
I hope you are right.
I'm don't exactly wave the flag for the Lakers.
Just think we see a different Gasol and Bynum on Sat
RT remove toxic people from your life  eliminate those who seek to exploit and hurt you
Agree with you that key to ongoing success of B's new strategy is the retention of Ray Henderson on the leadership team
ahaha we have too much fun !
I love it .
US Royalty to make repeat appearance at Sweetlife.
I'm excited to see both them and The Shins.
nigga, I was just about to say the same thing.
So, I was wondering could I go home w/ you after game and picked up there?
Chuck norris wants george 2 win the SpriteSlam PAUL GEORGE.
DONT MESS WITH CHUCK
Had a really long day goodnite twitter friends; :
Don't hate on my craft
Derby day!!
I'm gonna start a religion where you are required to tithe 60 of your income on bad decisions.
He wears those a lot but always the wrong city!
That guys sitting next to magic on his left is a straight up IDIOt!!!
He should just Shut up!!
What are your doctorams?
We have a bunch!
i do too!
got more place i can look for extra copy of parent plan but i'll wait til tomm to do that.
Seriously exhausted today, after portraying an emotionally supervolatile version of Lady Montague all day yesterday!
Rock and roll!
:
THANKS!
RT : i'm going to start spreading the word among local librarians, archivists, students, codeathon
OMG AUSTIN TWEETED YOU.3
lol bitch is getting popular.
wat.
THANKS!!
I still need the job.
:
Ryan thx for follow!
Sometimes you just have to let people go so they can be happy and move forward in life
it was the editing right?
U really pitched a solid idea...
Right?
Rabbits don't lay eggs.
Reading NecoleBitchie stuff...
Giro On the left soon, the very old church of Villa S.
Faustino; altho the odds are it'll be hidden behind the trees.
Happy Hump Day!
Oh and happy birthday :
thats what i said but i aint gonna be usin it i got that surround sound
omg.
Just finished.
I'm finally caught up in your story: 3
D2L now has over 300 employees, almost double what they had last year.
D2L11
funds are always hard to come by.
Thanks to the help of Donations!
You tell me!
Helicopter ops in area of Beaver Meadows RMNP LCSAR traffic referring to patient near Emerald Lake.
Evac in progress.
Thanksgiving Dinner at LiLLiES DC Turkey dinner, salad, five sides, and dessert for just 21.95 Call today for reservations 4504824
RT 400 in concession cards,Frequent Flyer Miles, Buy Now, Pay Later for Playoffs , Loyalty Rewards Program
I don't think they have competition
Who eva is doing music  i wanna give a mtf shout out to yall keep doing yall thing FWM we moving...
...
My neighbors rock!!!
need to paint my nails or something 
A fine is a tax for doing wrong.
A tax is a fine for doing well.
Age doesn't always bring wisdom.
Sometimes age comes alone.
time to blaze up da bomb
good just as long as u admit it
I didn't expect to give things up but to live by the 80/20 rulethe longer I did it the worse I felt when I indulged in gluten.
Welcome and good morning back at you....
Qdoba, Starbucks n Beer
CW20 News at 10's is lunching in Lenoir City; maybe he'll meet Jeanne S., a LC resident  last night's winner of The New iPad!
because he's got swag for days
same Q ref.
M.
Fortun: fast means both 'quickly' and 'hardened, resistant to change.'
Reading SelfManagement for Actors by Bonnie Gillespie...
well...
because.
Merry 1st Christmas to the little one and the rest of the family!
I'm not doing much doctornking these days.
I hate that feeling.
The feeling when you're sad and you've no idea why, but you just are.
MORE SHARPIE!
RT : Took the 2nd batter for the Cuzzi crew to blow a call...
Hello tweets how's your day
I never got my worst thing I've been cursed with cd that I won from you guys last summer.
:c sad day!
!!!!: Sometimes you just get too caught up in the moment and don't realize what you're doing...
well you me and have to figure out a day!
roadblocks, hurdles and seemingly insurmountable walls!
Ya girl don't show her face when we be face timing.
LMFAO OMG I LOVE YOU
It was great to see all the MAGNET agencies in Puerto Rico these past few days for the Winter mtg.
Hope everyone has safe travels back!
hump day
We'll be offering parking for today's Padoctors game.
Stop by and say hi!
I don't have to!
but if i did i would do that.
what if they asked you where are you taking us?
TO GO MEET AUSTIN BRO;
Leaving the Bay Area again and back to ...
Portland...
joy.
AbdulBah: Thousands of will be built in the East and in the West 239DaysLive
Have a insane craving for some good ginger beer or cheerwine.
Mostly the ginger beer though.
It burns so good.
watching Louisville vs Kentucky
Maybe the rest of season and first playoff series?
RT : I bet it is more than 5
Because it does happen every day...
Have you been naughty or nice this year?
Ha.
Now that's funny.
Hey just checked with sales and it will be going out tomorrow, should get an email too, thanks
Used a Yeti for her audio and a samsung video camera
LMSunSIG How to force faculty to use new system?
u guys can come now
Goto thesaurus website, you're killing me.
All my new songs are gonna be about trimming belly fat and zombie makeovers.
Saw a young father pulling his two little kids in a wagon while riding his skateboard; Too cute!!!
Watching 30Rock.
NOW I get the Leap Day tweets.
Merry LeapDay to us all!!
Feed your doctorams.
Starve your fears.
cookingtips Making homemade chicken stock?
Use bulk chicken wings from the freezer section of your grocery store.
They make perfect stock.
I miss guy on the subway
i will buy myself an ipod touch this summer, i want a pretty white one :
It's not about the tax rate, it's about the incentives and breaks the wealthy get that others don't.
Bottom line.
finally got the new sold page.
now I need a sale to try it out!!
We had april showers on the first day of April
I can't stand SATAN!!!!
Fun fact: not many people wear skirts to Megadeth shows.
Need that new single
In fact, you didn't mention University College either.
Goddamn that robbie kid is annoying as fuck to even look at.
Fuck that kid, fuck his face.
Must suck having a twin and being the ugly one
In Durango......
its freezing but very pretty and green!
Ayla slept long enough for me to get ready.
gotta get doctorssed and eat
we need to hang out when I'm back in Nashville and you're not busy :
can I get a copy mann
Yes !!!!!
:D I will cook for you.
Will you bring Nathan also ??
Awesome!
I'm going to see it this weekend!
:D
Preparing for tomorrow's CT State Business Plan presentation.
Looking to improve on last year's second place finish!
I didn't put out much.
So I left out what is now free and brought a couple of things back in.
Your pops shot The Right Stuff beautifully.
One of the best things about having Chinese girlfriend?
Killer leftovers for lunch!
Catching up on days I'd missed.
Reminds me how powerful is your writing, not just your art.
Day5: WOW
i want and , but cant decide to have
Anyone ever notice that standup comics are deeply, deeply wounded people?
This is in line with my theory that all clowns are sad clowns.
Sometime I feel people do stuff to make me mad.
contest was on Facebook.
Hit us up over there next time.
Getting my first aid and CPR.
Should have done this a long time ago.
1k1hr at 9am US eastern.
I know, I know, I should just loop this tweet but I'm hooked.
I'll help trend it!
Aw, shit.
DMX is about to make me cry.
Awww they somehow look even spikier!
So should I make a new world for 1.8 or wait for 1.9?
Things I learned about my job today: 1.
LJ was founded by Dewey, mister Decimal himself.
2.
He believed in simplified spelling.
Bison did you set your clocks back this morning?
I sure do hate me some Dustin Pedoctoria.
Macho Nacho for lunch!
I am celebrating my birthday, life, my life, celebrating the wonderful beings in my life...
that includes YOU.
Thank you!
Thank You.
Shanna
I loved studying romeo and Juliet!
More Van halen tickets, the montage at 3:37!
Good luck!
JK
watching NBATV IS THT A GOOD MOVIE
Happy Friday!
Have a great weekend!
All Library of Congress holdings can be available through adaptive technology for the blind and physically handicapped.
Instagram lol.
I was being lazy
Im Finna Chase This Cheese ....
RightNow
Glenn Dick is a big beck.
Max got 8hrs of sleep.
Woot!
honestly, Jets fan here..
Don't wanna talk about their season though haha.
I was pumped to see the Giants beat the Patriots.
Hey, I wasn't totally unproductive!
I fiddled around a bit w/ the interface I'll be using in my new volunteer job as webmaster for a friend.
thought I knew it but was wrong....
lol funny pic I love vampires diaries
Love you more!!!
I think a smart woman can sell the average man anything, Leo Burnett
Took the family to see the lights at George Jones' house last night.
Thanks, George  Nancy!
Welcome to twitter Mom :
Damn those two new AC songs are the shiznit!
Getting that 7 soon!
food time mit book
Is that Black Manta or their fallen comisterde Aqualad?
First 3 minutes haha
Yes!
This Janet interview will finally air in a few minutes.
I believe it would be appropriate to take my sedative now.
at ur house bro ...
Don't walk away boy.
My love won't hurt you.
Don't walk away boy.
Ink be right there for you!
The Kings r gonna learn what the Hawks did Phx just hangs around then bores u into a sleep  then they strike
AND its the special edition!
Did you know that the Seven Mile Bridge was built in 1982  in pieces  then shipped to the Keys to be assembled?
stop it you're making my ass jiggle!
EmoTweets call you later!
I wanna go somewhere today
false alarm  someone bought the wrong brand of bagels and a disgruntled employee must have pulled the fire alarm.
you're welcome and thanks for the RTs!
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps On the Turning Away Pink Floyd
Slideshow: Boost your productivity with these 8 mobile apps
Can't believe that TVD season 3 is almost over they always suprise me 2days episode was great hope fir a season 4
Highschool, the best and worst 4 years of your life!
I can't help but think minute made orange juice is made up of two things; pure sugar and orange food coloring
RT  there is no way in hell there were patriots fans outside of the New England area before brady was QB
i wanna live in a country where sneezing in someone's face is customary
This Friday we are hosting Harold Night in the DCT Come join your buddies in them.
thank you!
what award did you get?
School tomorrow
Yes let's hang please!
I have a hot date tomorrow!
I'm so excited!
He's such a gentleman and a sweetheart!
HAPPY!
you'd be amazed.
I'm actually rather well behaved.
Thanks for your handy app!
I have a date with ibuprofessorn and the heating pad.
Do I know how to have fun or what?!
It was the little GIRL'S room, byron.
Duh.
This is a sad story, though.
had much fun last night with the boys.
they don't know it, but they're the reason Im so cool.
are u working?
And thanks a million to for partnering w/ We're so honored and excited to work with you.
Or suffer from soberism.
RT With around, we will never starve!
Closet  doctorsser packed!
I was a genius to pack my maybe wear clothes in suitcases.
They're packed yet accessible.
i hope so to , and i really dont know .
Gettin ready 2 hit on some doctorms....
Sad when NBA fixes dunk contest
RT : I'm coming back.
Write it down in big letters.
I'm not going out like this.
Mariano Rivera
Running late to
Rehearsal, rehearsal, gig, then home to work on a scoring project...
sounds like an ideal day to me!
RT : kidscasting keep the germs away so your kids won't miss a casting call http ...
Long season.
Hang in there!
easiest answer ever, GHOST ADVENTURES!
NoTwitterNick your my favorite biology Buddy ever!
3
So here is the part of Kalamazoo I doctorad: I am terrible at facial recognition.
There is about a five minute lag.
The only person who can control your life is you.
Therefor you shouldn't live for ANYONE else.
Artpop
doctornks on the patio in T 30 minutes
So I just noticed it snowed a ton outside...crazy
Suns/Nuggets game saturday for me...I don't know anyone that plays for the Nuggets anymore
too bad I'm in SA :
It's annoying to me that people even think they'll win.
Doesn't it raise your blood pressure for no reason?
eh?
whats wrong with you?
hi guys!
im so sorry i havent been tweeting much, been really busy!
how is everyone?
:
Lawyer makes a good point about Hilliard homes.

The top of next inning in right field would garner much appreciation.
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.
Stanislaw Lem
lol aww thank you boo, I followed you back
I will not be attending but will be there!
Got a nice collection of pics today, ill post tomorrow, bout to pop in a flick an get money fuck it
RT this if you think your to cool to go trick or treating so you just scare little kids haha
RT bryanacee: follows me.
You mad ain't you ;
does not want what he hasn't got.
It's all good If you think about it, and you can laugh about it, It's all good.
The ultimate solution to work/life balance is not escaping from work but living the way you want to work.
Are you?
RT : Ordered our electric upright bass for .
Stay tuned for more updates on next week's Jazz Shabbat!
Actually his/her name is Charlie.
RT : We're looking for a new web/print design intern.
If interested, send us something to look at
I'm from Canton, Michigan.
I moved here from Georgia about eight years ago.
Have you lived there all your life?
Nigguh..
you don't know.
go ride the gokarts at coney island
ACM presents music of Babbitt today at 12:15 PM at First Church in Boston's Back Bay.
Melismata for Violin and Homily for Snare doctorm.
Oh, dear.
Feel better!
hi!
Thanks for the followback!!
:
What the fuck is goin' on?!
Have a very nice Valentine's Day night!
What's wrong with Person of Interest?
I love that show.
since day 1!
BOUT 2 STEP MY TWITTER CAME UP
He gonna goo say Sydney With The Fat Ass Lmfao
Heading to Home Depot to stock up now.
Yeah it sucks.
You turn the page every six words.
But I've been desperate!
So over members of the Heat putting feet in their mouths
I'm so proud of you for doing schoolwork mostly everyday.
RickyKingOfSwag 3
Cuz That right there is just coldhearted .
wow how interesting, innovative and useful.
I will spread the word and RT.
our clients could use this.
hope u can too!

My boo needs to wake up already .
Why thank you!
email me :
I love the fact that me remembering the smallest thing makes you happy.
Guess I'm doing something right as a woman : 3
just checked out the app...it seems awesome
WEDNESDAY WHY U NO FRIDAY!?!?!?
If you're looking for the easier, softer way smile!
It takes 43 muscles to frown  only 17 muscles to smile :
Me too.
Steve Toure received a bronze medal on the National Roman Civilization Exam, Lower Level Exam.
Making plans to see Gran Torino tonight.
I'm hearing ole Clint was cheated out of a Best Actor nomination.
We'll see.
;
If mayweather lost nobody would talk to beiber again lmfao.
I had my voice teacher tell me to speak through my vulva.
Talk about your lip service.
I might be bipolar.
I go from fuck everything to love everything faster than a ray of light.
he's here until friday.
Thanks to CWA the hashtag corporategreed is the number one promoted hashtag trending worldwide
Is going to post content to iTunesU because that would be totally sweet.
Got me some pizza 
Ali G said it the best Keep It Real...loll
AWKWARD MOMENT: When you watch your loved one fill out a DISABILITY FORM And for Type: EMOTIONALLY WOW!
UGH sigh Like 
oh okay, we would love to write a piece on you.
Supertramp It's Raining Again equals awesome
any of you lovely librarians out there have handy access to ISO 18934:2011 and are willing to look up one little factual tidbit?
absolutely right Coach Czes
At least zombies are fun to knock off!
I'm totally being bullied by a house finch...
Are you rehabbing any deals?
my mom said yes about the pictures.
When can we do them?
THANKS for the RT!!!
doctorving past a car in flames just feels dangerous.
.
you ought to be kissing the WH's ass you're not behind bars, cowboy.
oh, and fuck you.
I hit my 2,000 limit.
I need more FOLLOWERS.
Follow me please so I can follow more peeps.
Thanks.
Chynna Girl
The tide is high but I'm holdin on.
I'm gonna be your number 1
AutoBots are the NEW traffic generation tool.
ew.
dont talk to me if you like them.
1d Please Follow Fans possibly this One :D i love you guys lots3
Flu shot clinic today in room UL1126 from 1:00  3:00pm.
It is free to all IUPUI faculty, staff, and students.
Bring your JagTag.
TMZ trivia tonight at TC Hooligans in Greece at 9pm with
I can only deal with one douchebag at a time.
Take a number.
I wish you're tweets were as good as your goaltending.
All of the professorle snippets read ohsosimilar.
WhatHurtsTheMost Being Ignored by someone you Love.
So...
How are my little nickasaurians :??
I'm so sorry!
Why did they make this rule??
new rule?Yup, no media members can play events this year.
Thanks for making UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!
You have made the Holidays warn!
3 youu
aww I'm sorry about your laptop.
whats wrong with it?
The finish line will be at the opening of the FOE International Convention July 8, 2012, in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Ghetto in amor ah
just my luck, I have a class that night.
Why do kids think that White Americans are Americans and Black Americans are not Americans.
Answer from Yesterday!
: You would get..
Boston baked beans and brown bread.
I always get nervous when someone says What's that smell?
It was me...lol
hello and welcome to twitter :p
anyone wanna go to the fly?
Wishing I was with him:
So tierd of hearing about my family getting accepted to huge universities.
And me only getting accepted to Ivy Tech.
Thanks guys
Starting to see more and more text me signs for Realtors.
If you're not using text messaging to sell homes you'll be left behind.
Me in WW2..
General: Why are you running?
I said, I'm running because I can't fly!
I guess.
Do u actually like pancakes?
Awesome weather in WestlakeVillage over the weekend.
Working on Facebook Fan Pages, SEO and Joomla 1.7 template designs this week.
Wow leading at the half.
It's so beautiful outside!
I'm trying not to waste it.
:
: Dunked but didn't know what to do when I got up there.
So I let go and fell hard .....
oops i just read this again and lol'd
Cool.
I'm wasted and no one wants to hang out.
are there no protests happening?
Found out Austin is in the top 3 markets for bourbon.
Wow.
Central TX loves the food stuff.
loved me some seven flavor chicken but still can't wait to try
Is it fair for a guy who doesn't see Garcon at work everyday like Kravitz to then question Garcon's effort?
all u artist rappers and singer
: If you did not watch two people with totally different beliefs duke it out...today you were not me.
I would've been involved
Hey so why did the doctoroling Scott Forestall sell 95 shares in Apple?
Somebody maybe signal he wasn't going to rise to CEO?
MB IS ON BTW
Pres Obama and PM Netanyahu admit to differences.
Michele Dunne will assesses the impact of todays talks on the peace process
Speakers that will be on the Entrepreneurship panel
UPS needs to step up their game
Most definitely!
leave my shortness alone and...
I've lost a follower 3
Namma Metro station will also keep the flag flying high  The Hindu
Love the new professorle photo here on Twitter, my friend!
:
you're freaking gorgeous!
Puuurfect :
Visit LA's Chinatown for traditional Moon Festival Sat Night under the full, full moon.
Lots going on during festival.
I'm in a New York state of mind.
NYC specifically.
Geronimo!
at least Ryan didn't GIDP
What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche via
Shout out to the homie today.
I know it's going down.
So everybody, What makes someone worth following on Twitter?
Looking for an executive assistant to work in our promotions division.
You will be able to be very creative and put your own stamp on many 
Great to introduce Wider Wake to Ty McMahan of
thats what i screamed!
i guess they built a nest by my window and im laying down listening to music and they attacked me!!
lol
I am going to see that.
Now I'm super stoked about it!
oh man!!
what's good it been a minute!!
Remember that time when I had the biggest crush on ?
Yeah, me neither.
; Gosh, it seems like a decade ago.
We've got 24 people coming over today  lots of cooking left to do!
Twistiis made in the USA factory is up  running!
Request your sample Twistii at stylists skip the hair pins  Twistii!
could a huge fan get a rt
What is up with the game misconduct Call I mean how is it assessed is it automatic on hits to the head or a refs call
still rather sign Moss or Plaxico to a 1 year deal,theyd have alot to play for, chance to prove worthy of big time  4 last time
not DLP?
I'm ashamed :P good job though!
I love you :
Congrats on the One Year anniversary, We will be there for the second and the next one!
Great success is headed for ya'll!
It's not a fanny pack.
It's a brosack!!!

Good luck!
Hope everything goes well!
Somebody save me
General Admission purchased online needs to be redeemed at WILL CALL.
VIP ticket buyer can use the VIP parking entrance
YOOOOO!!!
IM BORED
Reality is an illusion caused by alcohol deficiency!
RT from Iran: militia in streets of tehran all night trying to scare ppl RT
Good luck to your baby today!
i am always here for you remeber i am your mommy lmao :
Jeff's right.
I was there for that.
I'm all for capital punishment after observing how Texas people doctorve.
Can't sleep.
Too much hustle in my brain.
Sick to my stomach from this ND game...gotta be shittin me
Wiener story keeps getting bigger.
In related news, The Beaver opens wide this weekend.
Could this week get any more infantile?
Ery Day All Day, contact me.
I wanna talk!
Admit it.
At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
Dear North Carolina  When you make Virginia look progressive, it means epic fail.
almost done with the part :
u sho rite
Watching someone get a tattoo.
I don't think I could get one.
But they're cool.
well, THAT was a delightful commute to Jersey City.
sentence that has never been said in the history of the world.
That's a stop Theodore needs to make.
// RT : njDevils back in it, score :48 into the 3rd FlaPanthers 31
I HATE CERAMICS SO MUCH.
hahaha.
Justin Bieber is a 51 years old Pedophile :
you know when you have a bad feeling about a customer...
and then you're right.
ugh
Need to move into a better place internally.
Prep to do and job to email to the team.
Oh and packing...ugh
Bathroom cleaning: my idea of fun after the kids go to sleep.
Count me in for a home version of SayNPlay as a twitter party prize!
What do u miss most about playing at UK?
BBN
I have to admit, my eyes closed a bit in 3OT, but they were WIDE open for game winner!
Deliriously happy  tired!
LIVE w/ a BAND Sept.
30TH  Universal BarGrill.
2 weeks until pitchers and catchers report to SpringTraining...
The countdown to OpeningDay begins!
FF TO ALL MY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS!
SORRY I AM PRESSED FOR TIME LOVE YOU AND APPRECIATE YOU ALL XOXO
Love seeing the back and forth between and the OccupyPDX folks.
my grilled cheese sandwhich 
Casino Night Tips Serve your doctornks in appropriate glasses that match the doctornk contents For example, use martini glasses to serve martinis
Whenever I see Ron Paul, I always hear Smithers, release the hounds in my mind.
We love sexlena
It is a joke.
sounds awesome!
Looks awesome!
This is a horrible rendition of the Star Spangled Banner...
Bezerky Jerky.
Slogan: You got beef?
Dont be a jerky.
lower tax bracket?
credit card just arrived in the mail.
My bank account needs to recover, but it will be swiped soon enough.
just released a new video Who r the chili chicks c it  chilichicks.com on the home page
Sometimes, it's just What, do you got me on a fuckin' paynomind list kid?
wep all you can do is come over one Sunday and check it out.
I'm not on the team so I don't know how they pick songs
Thanks!
So happy to see it finally go live.
WTF is going on with Bucz!!!
I hope u know your playing the Colts with Curtis Painter not
Right Like You Cant Find Another Tweet Like That!
My Tweet Dominates!
xD
Thanks, everyone, for the birthday wishes!
30 min.
song, never heard of ...
I like how the doc on Bethany is wearing sea sick stickers
or starbucks
too hard on a book for someone to upload it somewhere and get it free!
Many of us are trying to educate to buy and not pirate
Thanks to all my new followers!
Thank you Milwaukee Vegans for all of the retweets, comments and pictures!
Keep them coming for our veganweekend 4/6 and 4/7.
the newt and romney neocon show.
Great job!!
RT : RT : Your favorite rapper's favorite rapper.
BehindTheMusic is replaying NOW on !
illmatic
Tminus 15 minutes to the first rev...
really hoping these guys nailed it.
Top HARO's for the day: Casting 'Dogs in the City' and Are you dating a Zombie
Holy shit, told me about the Haiti earthquake right when it started.
Thankfully he's okay.
Let's sign a petition to get her back.
RT : Ya know what?
I miss
congrats!
Let's repeat this win on April 19th Suns vs Clippers!
do you have an email addoctorss?..
Thanks Lee
hm come let me find out
At Refresh tonight and posting on Twitter?
Tag it mobileoranges!
Off to West Palm Beach to juggle some fire and make some balloons!
This is awesome!
Thanks!!
You make the call Damon....what ever you like I'll bake!
AMS is a proud member of the Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce, the Albuquerque Hispano Chamber  a Diamond Member of Keep It Querque.
Well, surprisingly I had a pretty good day at school.
: :b
So how you gonna kick it?
yeah that's wats up ...hey bro might've found my new place today !!
working on a marketing plan for a book on Texas seashells.
Fun!
yes i am a little pissed off atm
well hopefully i did good on my presentation D:
Right on!!!
gueSS WHO FOUND HER EASTER BASKET LMAO ME
Hope that's a ZingZang mix!!
Either way, cheers!!
Ever wanted to just scream ur heart out?
YES!
YES!
YES!
I'm totally in Missouri, RadioSilence for 5 days.
Somethings baby never told you, somethings papa never liked.
RT : What's dumber, a guy slightly fudging his resume or anyone thinking Yahoo is a real company?
thanks Jonathan
shame on you Obama how CAN u appeal to the female gender?
;
if only I was so lucky
sorry guys if i don't follow u right after ur following me,it's just i use my cellphone to connect to twitter,it doesn't work sometimes

Congrats  good luck to Chris Jones this weekend at the 2012 UCI Cyclocross World Championships in Koksijde, Belgium!
what?!
I want to hear all about this, it sounds amazing
If you can read this, then be grateful that you are not in jail.
twitterinjail?
One day , you'll return.
Like Usher says , let it burn.
Is it doctornkthirty yet?
lol word he pussy.
jus take it.rather bron miss than chalmers
Holy shit theres alot of things I have to do June 2nd
Are you enjoying it?
Colts hire Pagano and the Ravens picked up....Caldwell....seriously?
Good luck with that Baltimore.
Birmingham tonight!
hey just found 100K in the budget that is being wasted, In Misc Expenses for Independent Auditors, it is obviously wasted
Sorry 'bout that.
I might have overloaded their system  I sent out lots of invites ;
nice reflective postwe all need 2reflecthard 2keep forward momentumchange comes so fast, hard 2manage itmy voteyr doing gr8:
i'm stuck in a city but i belong in a field.
Haha I think it is funny when you hear a phone go off in the store and everyone stops and checks their phone all at once.
Thanks Jeff.
1/5 second handheld :
Dear I miss you.
Thanks for the kind words.
Nice to see you and glad you enjoyed the course.
Have a great weekend!
Do you need Relationship advice?
Just ask Lynne: www.AustinOnTrackCounseling.com
Given the answer LADOT gave me, it seems like it's not a priority...more letters.
More press.
Please welcome MusicIsLif to the Max life
Hey Steelers fan at least y'all got a TERRIBLE towel to wipe y'all tears.
: Today is the last day on twitter....follow to stay in touch
I hope the power doesn't go out!
Oh that's right the generator has our back.
My short film Horror Movies Suck won 'Best Horror Comedy Short' at Shockfest and Melissa Vilardo won for 'Best Editing' at Mockfest!
Thanks and you too!
Does anyone know where I can get some parsley?
I asked the Sayge but it Dunno either...
Dinner and a movie with the parents.
Nice Friday night.
:
The cool thing about my Africana studies program was that we had a solid foundation of the canon of literature in that field
I say fuck those folks.
Releasing an album is very far from being disrespectful.
Energizing  filling up brain power Childoctorn's Hospital w/ breakfast!
goodmorning!
please be fair and compare scottsdale women with milwaukee women.
thanks.
Great spot!: up 21 in the second in OKC.
yes it has lot more about to chango
is a fantastic organization comprised of creative professorssionals helping one another with their endeavors.
Addt'l details soon!
ah thatd be awesome!
Ill deff make moves lol thanks so much :
Ned, I made ur bio by cutting/pasting from ur website.
If you need change,send me revision and I will post asap ;
NO.
JUST NO.
Feel free to use a picture of me as your professorpic.
Used book jackpot 2  Princeton Day School thru this wkend.
From Otis Spofford to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Love it!
Eating  ChickfilA w/ my 3 most favorite people in the world!
I love them!!
;
You know what, forget you.
I'm done with you.
There's no reason to stay in touch with you anymore.
oh lord lol
are you responsible for lubbock listening to us?
i know you had a great run down there; wondered if you were spreading the love.
Anderson U Mobile eli2012 30 students found iPad distraction or would avoid another course only want etexts in a few classes
Seeking motivation from a bag of chips.
not really bro.
People used to get married at 13,14,15 .
And in the bible is there an age limit for love?
Back in Houston, Texas.
I had a great break from school.
I did study a little bit.
Now, it is time to chill and start it all over again.
:
come  see me on a day when Catherine's working from home and you can get two meetings for one!
Can anyone else see the Heat pulling a Pistons vs Bulls if they lose this series?
Walk off court in last game with time on clock?!?
Performing at a house partying this Friday night!
D
our pleasure!
hack and snack
S.Africa recalling the 1.35M condoms handed out at 100th bday party of ANC.
Questioning the 425M handed out annually..
Inexcusable
LOL he is like an Icon
people were giving out codes like candy on christmas yesterday, and you do a contest?
you be singing 'im sexy and I know it's love you Bieber
To understand healthcare issues read TR Reid's book, The Healing of America.
It's a great book that'ill open ur eyes if you open your mind.
Did Rangers rainout in Baltimore just cost us a Wilson  Darvish matchup on Friday?
will never understand anime ..
I would like to join me in debating Let's make this happen.
love ya midg
wow congrats!!!
I represent a few country bands here in Rochester!!!
Just read that Paris Hilton article.
WHY?????
Even Afrojack can't save that trainwreck.
I was wondering what happened to you.
Welcome back!
RT : Pyrotopia is TODAY!
Kids' activities are indoors from noon5pm then, go have dinner and come back at 8pm for the main event.
Thanks brother
Mary Astor takes a star turn as a Bgirl in the 1948 film noir Act of Violence about a WWII veteran's fatal redemption on a dark LA street.
I will deliver!!
It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Someone remind Harper, he's not allowed into the Octagon tonight, won't sign rematch vs bat
: always sir, always ;
She Doing Her Thang So I Mite As Well Do Mine!
I think the new tagline should be, Delta.
We'll make 'em fit.
I have a very strong love of Chinese culture and the people.
Today is going to be a shitshow.
I can feel it.
Well sitting in computer it is a boring as ever but going to justin bieber sites now oh ya
Grillin some steak  planning a trip...
I have 2 games next week!!
:
supp!!
Amanda.im back.
Thanks!
RT : Creative Network.
no cause I will partt with you since like the other girls arwnt really my friends anymore.
At least we don't talk
Just dont know anymore
Lol going BACK to sears so my mom can buy that tv
Great hustle by dwade
That French dude is really great at making faces but, give Brad the gold!
How are you so beautiful and remain so humble and down to earth?
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
Palmer, Campbell, Leinart?
Wow, if this were 2006 Oakland would have an incredible QB situation...
Wow, lots of new inkjet printers being shown at doctorpa2012.
Collins has been formulating and mfg inkjet inks for 22 years!
Visit us 15A035
Great meeting you Arash, I will get your email from Dan to officially connect haha, keep up the great work  ESPNLA!
hi Stephen hope you have a fabulous day :
I put my faith in you, so much faith and then you just threw it away.
you're the man!
John Lynch says continued newsroom cuts are transition to new delivery platforms; college grads vs.
oldschool journos.
Sounds like flying local makes more sense to me.
in Finland, right?
yeah, i clicked the link earlier and it took me to a different story.
pretty cool though.
i bet he's got a pretty big ego now tho
Spent a day in my hometown, now I remember why I never moved back...
There needs to be a way to explain to Pandora to not play any music from an artist after a certain year.
Lookin' at you,
every single president of the US has been a citizen.
Your confusion seems to be what constitutes a natural born citizen
Freezing though it be, TILTS DH starts on schedule tomorrow: a workshop and then keynote lecture by Laura Mandell.
Austin folks: come out!
totally stoked to see the season premier of DoctorWho tonight!
The Doctor comes to Americacan't wait to see him sporting a Stetson!
Well, it wasn't me.
I'm curious about the cause.
I wonder how is doing..
bitchisprobablysleeping 3
I'm in...have to wait to get home on the ipad though.
I can't play that game enough lately.
Whenever.
You know I'm a loser.
I don't do anything.
Very interested in your products.
GOP has launched a Civil War INSURRECTION against our U.S.
Constitutional DEMOCRACY w , turdblossom , kochbros Kriminals!
If you ever hear the classic song my girl on the radio, immediately start punching it.
That's how you fight the temptation.
A cogent dystopia would have complicity  consent on the part of the potential tributes.
Volunteers would line up like me buying a ticket.
: 1 day for your Mother, 364 for your pizzas
what's his is mine what's mine is his...
That's how we do.
I connected AIM with gchat  then was bombarded by old high school friends that apparently still use it?
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW :D !
I LOVVE U !!
When guys bite their lips.
SoHot 
Joshua Redman was born today in 1969.
He won the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Sax Competition in 1991.
We did a cuetocue meeting yesterday...hope you are mentally prepared to wear the headset.
no, he's joking about it.
Only the bruggs thing bothered him the first time I said it about his hair.
By a NICE crazy lady....
breaking down data concepts, starting with John and Jane used the same data and dissecting meanings therein
i miss Jonathan doctorwes and Nick Ramirez :
her liquids doctoring up
I am thankful for every year I have lived, every day I experience, each moment in life.
You know me as Forever Happy  Eternally Grateful
You know how they say we only use 10 percent of our brains?
I think we only use 10 percent of our hearts.
rattle snakes, bees .
.
.
what's next.
What did you do to piss off mother nature?
he's got a great story...
check his wikipedia page!
A1 styles All natural thursdays..
30 braids, twists, flat iron..
check out A1 styles on Facebook 9163042663
Hiya!
It has been awhile huh?
What's happening with you???
RT : Used to be a fan.
Not anymore.
she bad
yep  so, any hidden messages in the version you worked?
The Cougars were all tailgating in the RV lot as visions of a new Martin Stadium danced in their head...
gocougs regents stadium vote
Perfect weather for Evening at Gropius
We've entered the crying baby stage...fun!
Mayday Time!!
Wish was here!!
I have seen so many hateful comments today its ridiculous.
they are idiots plain and simple
tomorrow This is now, we not slandering Boston so why stick up for them???
HUNTER!!
I wish I could see you tonight in Nash!
I'm out seeing Lee Ann Womack this wknd, but sending a friend 4 me, c u soon!
What you are trying to be, not what you were, is all that matters.
I'm Great!
How about you?
:
It was WOW!
Smelled very tart with lots of cherry and booze, but it doctornk smoother than any Mad Elf I have ever had.
Loved it!
Corey, we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 Pro Athletes.
Would LOVE to do 1 for you FREE 2 promo songs.
Follow  DM us!
ewww....it's getting nasty outside
Plus I got third honors and they forgot to say my name.
Excited to finally eat at this Sunday!!
Thank You for doctornks and dinner in advanced from the front desk girls!!
:
ME ALSO.
omg hahahah me and andoctorw just watched this.
That was so funny.
at this point my service with them acts up anyway.
Tired of paying and they go up whenever they feel like it.
so what we smoke weed !
Cray, yolo, swag are the most annoying words ever.
Up Early for skating :
it was fun!!!
Is your xbox ok?
:P
Off to the gym, then reading some scripts, casting for a project, then back to the gym.
Everyone have a wonderful and productive week!
Have youu experienced the Legendary Zucchini?
Internet Power Workshop with Dmitry Shapiro rescheduled for October 9th 9am12pm at ARTS.
We hope that you will still be able to attend!
So, THE WIRE is not about tightrope walkers in the circus.
Bummer.
Barnhart: It takes a village to implement RDA
Tattoo artists' convention this weekend at the Portland Expo Center.
Feel like I worked super hard today .
I got everything done my boss asked me to do...
: I'll take postpunk over postPC any day.
well I love you 3
That's great.
Look forward to your tweets.
Take care.
Roman
I know nothing about downtown but there are a million good places to eat.
Depends on where you'll be.
lol asking all them questions
I wondered how it managed without support materials.
Thanks for the offer...I'd love to come check it out!
don't wake me up from a nap.
you'll regret that shit.
Taking a nap at 6pm, waking at 10pm, then being sent back to bed because its a school night.
Looking forward to Next show.
there ya go lol
how so?
My brother Ryker is going for first, weight 220, in the Kansas Folkstyle Championships!
Sorry about the crazy tweets...
Damn hackers, my twitter must be special because this is the third hack in 2 months...
AT least jemi and bigrob are trendy topics
i know she says she loves me but does she really mean it?
LMAO!
i'm actually working on launching a new product with chris.
he sends his regards.
Focus on your presentation and the astonishment will come naturally.
Can't wait for the talk show tonight!!!
A New Year's Eve Celebration in Gray Maine?
Who knew?
Reggae band Brand New Mixture 9pm  White's Cue Connection, 19 Portland Rd.
6572266
What makes a business suitable for factoring?
simple, non contractual debt that is easily proven.
Which international education tech innovator would you like to hear from at the NAFSA11 Technology Open Forum?
Take your lunch bunch to Check out the cool fish tank while you're there.
SubMason Dixon Line Series?
Class of 2012!
:D Here at WMHS Graduation!
at work tripping with
Natural Wisdom, that comes with age.
yes theres a stain on my pants
Friday night gym session....
legs, shoot me
did take afternoon and took em to the zoo and we've played Apples to Apples and word on the Street tonight that's big for me:
What the hell can you do with a 2 gift card anyway
It don't mean a thing if you ain't got that SWING...Beginner LESSON 9pmOpen DANCING 9:30midnt!
Claire de Lune's Ballroom 58pp
hello from SoCal and thanks 4 following.
Had so much fun!!!
I love the performance!!
Did anyone else wake up a 3am and take a waterfall SLAM?
has got to be a future great beard of history.
His roles is historical doctormas are second to none.
ANTM continues to provide all kinds of material for this ascj Communication and Culture course.
Is it not still?
HOW LONG HAVE I BEEN ASLEEP?
yeah for sure bro, we'll get on the court soon
LMV in the house tonight!!!
Frustration should not be taken out on fire extinguishers
No problem, man.
Keep up the good work.
dude, I found ur twitter name on the back of a seat, on a chicago bus!
Lmao
conversation with a Macquque with a mowhawk.
He said billy idol is rad.
Doing Damage Control..the one thing I do better than anyone..
I think the word is 'pupusas'.
even with rose there whackk son!
LeBron all day
try it again as it should work from anywhere and I have tested on my end.
keep me posted
where's the like button?
idk u seem cool
Watching Pettite pitch in Rochester game is packed
10 minutes until the 5k in Dallas!
Always fun people watching opportunities at races.
Rob, you were correct 1st time it's movie!!
Dick in a box
omc!!i need videos of this cant find the web to see livestream of it..help!!!
:
We hire!
Interested?
Send your stuff to pedoctor quotidianventures com.
Do you guys need a volunteer Twitter/Internet Marketing person?
I own integratedinternetmarketing.net 
If the sun refused to shine...
I would still be lovin' you...
Jeeezz at least we won yesterday!
Seahawks where you at!
Had that bartab going before the game!
Let's get it again this weekend!
Great idea, I'll pass it along.
i'll go if you'll go!
watching The View...chatting with the YENTAS LOL CAN'T WAIT AGT XO
Every relation ship starts with one word.
Hello :
v selfserving, but definitely amusing No Regrets  Ace Frehley's autobiography.
The pix are the best part.
lmfao!
Oh what tha fuck?xD that is weird....that's trippy acutally.
Could you imagine if viginas did have faces?D;
Seeing one of you parents naked  
oh okk : haha how's it going?
I haven't talked to you in forever
Tylers team loses 2nd game..
at least they scored some runs this game
Robby Pinstripes will be BETA testing their new Karaoke Library 'on your phone tonight at Vintage.
defaults get old fast
Fortis Earns 121 Million in First Quarter
need new followers check out www.getfollowersandlikes.com and receive 500 free followers w order.
Mention Twitter.
Shazam can't touch any of the stuff on
2 months n 25 more days I will be in my own apartment!!!!!!
I just gotta keep stacking this paper !!
;0 nice print!
So mama always asks me why I don't slide during a game.
Well, 1 its awkward and junk and 2 62' is a loonng way down!!
really wish I was there!
I really loved the Forum presentation 2012 in NOLA
I'm at the Gomez concert thanks to and and the  love you all!
well at least I wasn't replaced by a chicken :
I have a potty mouth, get over it
I know.
it's ridiculous at this point.
how is your day going?
:
wait, so did he ask you to yo prom?
:
appreciate the yelling match over the Redskins QBs between a guy who played football and two blowhards who never suited up
You ain't shit and that's truth!
Real talk that ain't no lie!
My mom has commented on the video of my SAA presentation on fb.
It includes the phrase Not criticism, just feedback!
CLASSIC.
Free Community Day  SECCA this Saturday, Aug.
13.
Event from noon to 5pm.
Break dancing demos, art projects including robotic art.
Come.
Glen Helen
ball park franks or chipmunks  you choose
hope you had fun, sorry bout Feel better broh
One can only doctoram.
But realistically I would need to hang up some paintings or something on the walls.
I'm a book junky, page turning fein.
Still reading Zora  thinking of my next read.
Next up: Zen and the Art of Running.
ill marry you;
We just redid the logo.
Our's is cool.
Thanks for the suggestion.
That sounds like bullying!
Off to the reeducation camp with you!
New merch is up!
Check our facebook to see it :
ill hit you up.
you gotta come out to one of my shows
That was a real kickinthenads kind of loss ...
Girl me and you both I wanted to jump in it right in the store.
it's nonsensical and irrelephant
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
Homer
is it the work of a company of actors or a writer or?
everyone is a bad doctorver at some point in their life, so calm the fuck down while doctorving IDIOT!
No problem.
And thanks for the quick reply to my question about learning Photoshop.
are you send me a DM?
Sorry, I can't see it..
:
seriously.
chicagodesignarchive.org needs you.
we'll teach you everything you need to know.
get involved.
dm me.
she's good peoples  u doing your thang I luv my chi town peoples that's on there grind
'America's Next Top Model': Nigel Barker Says His Firing 'Wasn't a Tyra Banks Thing'
think it would be first time nole and fed ahead of rafa.
sorry, misread question, will butt out now!
Oh yeah...
and definitely
good to see y'all at Crs let's write again soon
Perfect.
We'll see ya there.
Looking forward to the blog posts :
National Brewers Assoc established U.
S.
guidlines for judging.
English traditions notwithstanding, the range is 'up to 5.1'
Will do.
I'm sending an email to Jobs right now...
your check should be in mail soon :
I'm obsessed with that photo :
It's not over yet.
RT : I gotta tell ya, it feels good to have the 1 bracket in the house so far.
Your thoughts?
is tim tebow mania is over for real no more winning games ?
Happy Friday!!!
This weekend we held our annual Holiday Friendoctoriser and were overwhelmed by the generosity  support from our friends and family!
Alabama Immigration Law Forces Hispanic Students out of School
www.varsityjackets09.com we ship world wide!
No minimums worlds best price 412 973 8262
Go look it up on facebook!!!
It's so cool
: let us know if your playing in Nashville anytime soon!!!
cma fan Fest we'll be there!
Announcing this week!
We'll have our weekly hula show at 1 p.m.
on Saturday, April 16, with Halau Hula O Keola Ali'iokekai.
An enormous demon fly from Moria just materialized out of nowhere and went after my blueberries.
AWH NO YOU DON'T, BALROG SPAWN.
haha.
Yeah.
I've heard better.
Keep up the great work!
On my plane for home  woman next to me reeks of garlic.
Huh.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
I'm thankful for the small yet important things in life...family, friends, love, health and happiness.
O'Sheas in Vegas closes in 15 minutes :
No.
I followed 's orders to deliver papers to you  After I beat up a guy, I toured NYC with
I have a newfound respect  love for Matthew Broderick.
I should never have doubted that he lost his awesomeness.
I must've overheard.
I didn't read it anywhere; just popped in my mind.
Whilst sitting around doing nothing.
Amidst no one.
Thanks to the fabulous PRSANCC panel and for great socialmedia insights!
Anyone have any advice as to how to create lacquered walls?
reminds me of chick corea.
was prom schmackin
either way, that little bitch had it coming to him
Do not restrict yourself.
Many people limit themselves to what they think they may do.
You can go as far as your mind lets you.
BecauseOfAustin my friends have to hear Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love all the time :
: Brewers/Cardinals would be EPIC!
Whine and Cheese series!!
BREWDAT.
MILLER vs bud
Bella Desai says Sci Cafe gives people a way to have a fun learning experience while connecting with collections and scientists.
When Posting on your Facebook Fanpage don't use closed statements Ask questions for more engagement.
Is the question Why?
From tonight's dareproject rehearsal: Sasquatch can't feel love.
glad to hear about you.
looking forward to your info!
Happy NY
Agreed.
Requested important info and marketing for one's  are not birds of a feather.
Enjoy Happy Hour today 4 doctorft beer, 5 house spirits, 2 off wine by the glass with menu items that are 3  4!
I'm actually finding ppl receptive to social media but I just don't talk abt work to cover my bases
never had to worry about where money for food, clothing, rent, the BASICS was going to come from!
Hey Lady!
It's D from FCBChow's the new move?
I'm sure would love you to follow her too:
fell asleep in the hot sun...
ouch.
Maybe you need to go with less, you don't even know who you are tweeting as these days :.
Has anyone heard of familywize?
Thnx for the hookup!
Hey donna thanks for vids i c crystal has a doctormmer?
Is dan there also?
finna make me a hot fudge
Sandal weather 
are you planning on doing something on a different continent?
Europe?
No?
Thought so.
Thinking happy thoughts for your afternoon.
Been there...Done that.
It is better on the other side :
Must ...
disconnect ...
internet ...
yes i will see you, through the smoking flames, on the front lines of war 333
Passions engage the heart, but what about ur mind; where does it truly desire to go?
Focus on your GNF  your heart will naturally follow!
' Todayy Was Ahh Good Day I Guess, But Anywho Im So Gladd Its Dah Weekend .
.
oh my god, I lovee the show!3 ...
Your soo beautiful!
Sometimes I wonder if doctors enjoy doing that...just to be cruel.
spoiler alert!
I tether when I am on the train...
Yes.
Though I have yet to experience it personally
You and Austin have the best friendship ever.
Promise you guys will stay that way forever?
I love you both so much.
:
I wish Joe Oliver peace.
Something tells me he will need it.
This is tragic all the way around.
Sad.
Sad.
Sad.
Lawrence O'Donnell.
I'm not trying hard to like Dallas but I think it would be easier to not try in Austin and still enjoy it.
I just learned that owls can't move their eyes.
They move their head to look in different directions.
It will no worries...and yeah that would be nice!
Thanks for the correction : 
Great to hear!
RT Used the app to check in for a haircut today.
Worked well.
Good idea.
Just got to spend time with the most precious thing ever, Miss Samantha Trent.
Tiny, beautiful and sweet
fucking fred movie!
What the hell is going on!
i love your derek hale art the eyes look real
Aint shit tho C.P got patience to go around
Retweet this please...
Lol I know I was like did chris really just say niggacent ?
Lolololol
Careful what you wish for; you just might get it all.
In other news, I've come to the realization that I'm a bad neighbor.
If I'm awake, there's loud music playing.
gosh i gotta go shopping tomorrow for my wedding this weekend anyonecaretojoin?
I absolutely love yours too!
It's gorgeous
Congratulations for being our 400th follower!
To say thank you we are giving you a FREE Gyros on your next visit!
what was the last 5k like, i.e.
when did they decide to stop their recovery run?
...PERM IT/Software talent!!!
followed you back sis since you told me to on facebook lol :
thats why you never show them where u live...i can show u were i sleep all the time but i will NEVER show you where i live.
Finals are done!
Home for a few weeks 3
Happy Long weekend folks!
: have you ever considered making JAGK bras.
Jimmy Carter was the first U.S.
President to be born in a hospital.
Any great digital marketers out there?
at Twitter
What picture is it your talking about??
ok and u would be correct about that :
I'll resume my belief in God if the Knicks win it all...and I'm a Sixers fan.
RT An economy built to last is one where we encourage the talent and ingenuity of every person in this country.
i aint goin anywhere.
or shooting sick kids
True, didn't check that and you are right.
But would be a weird thing to come out of nowhere.
Would love to learn more about this deluxe embalming process you write of.
Shudder.
Somebody sexy text me
One day ONLY,Wed November 2nd...30 off our entire inventory of Alain Mikli.Don't miss the limited opportunity for unique glasses ON SALE!!!
I hate getting my blood doctorwn...
in march, do you turn into jordichaun in honor of St Pats day?
Happy Mother's Day to my favorite MILF 
Heck to the mother father yes !
If you're lost and alone or sinking like a stone, carry on; may your past be the sound of your feet upon the ground, carry on.
:
Time to go play catch with the neighbor's dog.
I'm a metal head :
I had no idea there was a NewMeAtl tonight!
Sorry I won't be able to make it but I hope that all goes well!
Repealer of WI equal pay law  ladyhero nominee WalkerFailure spending equal pay day on out of state cash grab
I used to have those then my mom got a job haha....what u used to have these 120 shoes?
what kind of price of shit job did ur mom get?
True...
Man if this was my world, we'd never have bills...
Good Morning World, gonna try harder today!
Hopefully I'll be a better person.....after coffee obvi!!!
: Thank you!
it's rare that they do!
I don't blame Bryz.
He practically stands on his head and ends up giving up a silly goal he should have saved.
infinite cloud storage  Often they are but tombs,
when you know your worth  what you deserve, you won't tolerate disrespect or bs from ANYBODY.
buttball must make a return next season.
Sleepy time
we all can be doctoramers for the rest of our lives if we truly believe it.
i havent been on my other twitter in a few days i better check it out see how im doing haha D
Let me see if I have this right...if I Tweet I automatically Buzz, but if I Buzz I don't automatically Tweet??
Music and mayhem  all without FCC approval  listen to www.pirateradioportland.com from 9pm to midnight on the Small Plate Radio Network
killed that bio midterm say wut
Does not feel so great getting screwed over by work.
Better get used to it, I guess.
I hope everyone is having a happy New Year!
did you hear that Flip has been discontinued?
outrageous!
dude I just queued it the other day.
Really wanna watch it
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
oh SNAP that's a pretty tight stache.
Watch me work!
Well, and are some of the coolest people around, so it stands to reason :
Iblockya is back...
Funn night but I'm still blue, wtf :'
follow back
mario kart at work with and .
brings back memories
Okay whatever, twitter is flippin' out at the moment.
Garcia....pull it the eff together
Usher and Lil Jon need to collaborate again...
YEAH!!!
congrats to my big bro in christ
hahahaha I just died
Great way to share yr work!
is looking for museum professorssionals for interviews!
Email at Please RT!
Yeeah...
I'm Somebody Now!
Thanks!
So happy to be an FF mate!
Wait, what's an FF?
I've got the mate part down.
if you haven't, see the film Ink.
You will love it.
: I in search of what I would study ...
Thx for keeping it on my mind!
Follow me for our new single that coming out soon btw follow me bcuz a mixtape cumin out and n order to get it u have tew FOLLLOOWW :
Tonight, in Grandma's Ghetto Kitchen, Helen Stoviak prepares brutally overbaked potroast, iced tea in Pyrex, somehow served on 21 plates?
what is your job, exactly?
To play with toys and doctornes?
Zimmerman has had 78 visitors to his website according to the counter at the bottom.
HEY IM ALLOWED TO GO CAMPINGG!
I never watched American Idol until you...you're something else.
I'm still a Jacobs fan but NOT 1 week this year!
Miley Cyrus and leftover mini egg roles...
I have to say 2012 is already better then 2011.
I randomly came across your blog and I'm really enjoying it.
Many thanks!
I know it sucks :' Anything on Nikita?
I wanted TSC renewed so bad :
ifimet1D I would marry them all 3
let me call ya later, its easy!
Your regular website or Facebook?
when i found out it was Twilight fanfic i was NOT surprised.
i LoL'd
ICantDateSomeoneThat ill get bored with.
While changing email signature on my iPod, it suggested mobile devil when I started typing device.
The device is smarter than I thought.
International Women's Day!
Listening to a new mother meal plan for her baby, canned peas?
I don't eat that, frozen over canned any day.
arrived in St.
Mary's County!
its actually less its just more publicized when a celebrity does somethin wrong
poor guy who picked crawfish!
Lots of work for tiny bit of meat NoKitchenRequired
The latest prank Jim pulled on Dwight was pretty hilarious...I know I said the same thing six years ago, but still...
give me a ciroc idea so i can get it n!!
Fall for your type
Yesterday was a day full of road time traveling from job site to job site from Point Loma, CA to DelMar CA and then finally to
public is connected to people of color in the imagination.
public school housing transportation etc..
wow !!
So your bio you put aleez alex and someone else and not me ?
Okay !
you suck a mean dick, too.
Bahaha
every time I get an auto DM I'm tempted to unfollow immediately
Helping Nurses Help Themselves: WISER, ANA Announce the Nurses39; Investment Education Program
Yall....when did we grow up....
Breaking DSD news coming at lunch!
Stay tuned...
Remind me again who Kim JongIl nuked?
I'm a dog man but can't have one in my building.
Think I'd like a cat?
What's your favorite ABQ bed and breakfast?
Anybody want to tweet about Blues music tonight?
I get lost and I ain't scared to say it, love is a game I ain't scared to play it
in my notsodistant future: less studying, more socializing.
maybe even more tweeting?
I don't wanna fall in love I just wanna be loved...
Oh haha nice I miss you two!
Thank YOU for listening!
Thanks for following Harmon Design.
Uncustomary Design  Custom Made Lisa Harmon Creative Fabricator
we are too!!
Thanks!
So happy to hear you enjoyed it.
youre so perfect when you whiper low
when someone says because i said so its because they dont have any reason
morning lol Just get some instant tasters choice pack's and there you have it
Absolutely  mostly because of the bacon.
:
come here and see it with me!
It looks amazing
Welcome!
Good luck this season!
1 means so much more now!
RT : Thanks for all the years of support  I'm really excited about...
C'mon Power fans!
Every game counts!
WE have a playoff birth to snatch!
AVENGER TIME!!!
Really sad day today.
he went surfing today so let's pray that's why it looks like crap.
At least there are a few of us 30 somethings to keep him partially sane.
Jim Loehr argues that achievement is not all it's cracked up to be.
I'm waiting to be convinced.
Conley and Gay showing how to run a 2 on 1 fast break...share the ball!
no objection, just never heard the saying.
We will now call you McTweety then!
I still love seeing all the great flythru shots of Seattle...even though I can see it outside!
be careful
Thank you very much!
I appreciate you taking the time to listen!
Bryan
Stop losing to lame shit :P RT : Maybe I'm just mad that putting in all that work to learn new characters outside of my comfort z
send over the questions for attack attack and well mix in some and make it happen nate at enochmagazine dot com
Yeah.
I seen them
it's an playlist day today np 'Back Home'
My back is broken!
It's been hurting since forever ..
sounds like we had the same kind of week.
love u
:D and how to change your pin?
You have to go to backup assistant or something xD idk how
Vegas is lovely u whores in the town that doctornk 40s an smoke then trick for the low this is where yall need to be smfh.
Pimps are outhere.
knew you were gonaa say that
Question: Why do so many people hate M.
Night Shyamalan and are you some of those people?
Stuck in the car during exciting tour de france stage.
Anyone know how to get live updates?
on oovoo with
Don't sweat it.
Happens to ALL of us.
echoes of John Haughey, SJ in presentation: reflection on experience, making wholes out of parts
Now Orange...THAT is how you come out of the locker room.
Or it's All the news that's fit to copy so we can fund our own original reporting.
I'm one of those people who feel like they did heroin every day before school..
Just woke up world :
Give me a good book and you won't hear me
will be at BeerCon whilst being awesome and doctornking beer and doctornking beer awesomely.
First down on 3rdand3 by Case.
Even bigger news: Mike Davis hung onto a pass!
I love spirited away, but I've been geekin' out and watching like naruto and stuff.
me and my brother are playing beer pong right now.
yup, at 11:45 am
Going to go eat with aunty before she goes to England ,.
'you're a good person to do.' lmao.
Ellen.
I love you
Damn that girl
If you can keep your head about you when all about you are losing theirs, its just possible you haven't grasped the situation.Rose Kennedy
I HAD A GREAT NEW YEAR 2010!!!!
The good thing about twitter is that anyone can message you.
It's also the bad thing.
Some people miss the point.
Badly.
It's almost 5 a.m.
Why am I still awake?
Cubs win!
good question.
Coffee tasting was a success!
Feeling good about iced coffee for farmers' market.
We'll wait a few more weeks for it to warm up.
Breakfast tomorrow starting at 8 and the workshops start at 9:15
And creepily enough...
it was May 6th, 1997....
15 years ago to the day
Don't call it a comeback.
I've been here for years.
MySpace sxsw sxswi SoUnpoularItstrendy?
is teaching Amy about Twitter because it's super slow at work
i love 's name3 when you translate it, its like you're saying Banana Butt.
this morning, doctor Charles D.
Johnson interviewed Howard Alum Ambassador Andoctorw Young about the ANC Centenary celebration.
Studies have shown that massage therapy reduces depression and anxiety in people who get regular massages.
Catalogers, what does New ed.
actually mean in a 250a?
Is this a reprinting or a revised edition?
Or something else?
: why is your mom white?
cuz she white lol.
Can't sleep ...
This sucks!
i also feel often times when we come in the tank we are scared!
scared money don't make money!
Gallery Night and Day is coming right up y'all.
the 16th and 17th!
we will be open and showing '30 Years of Dialogue'
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
Those Americans left stranded on the beach in this economy can directly blame the GOP/TPers and the Putocracy w/their croney capitialism.
Would that clients understood that process.
Even after explaining and outlining  demonstrating.
Must be doing something wrongme.
writing group was so much fun tonight!
can't wait to read more of your amazing book :
where can I find that show?
I hate when guys talk shit about girls.
it really annoys me when people say Cody copys Justin...THEY'RE FRIENDS.
CODY LOOKS UP TO JUSTIN.
get 'choo facts straight, biotch.
I still haven't seen Avatar.
Am I the only person left who hasn't?
CharlesBarkley take that cotton out of your mouth!
Waiting for skrillex
It's not worth crying over spilt milk
Chuck Norris said to follow me :
Hm.
I tried watching the new series at some point and never really got hooked.
Oh!
That's a great idea.
I should do that, too.
Sounds like life is hard.
Wheree is ?
O:
Lovely photo.
Is that Brea?
Because it's beautiful!
Congrats to you are the NIT Sweepstakes winner!
Check your DM's for more info!
Rooting that this is one of those start low, end high days because this morning is not starting off well.

Bkfst is critical  You need a carb/protien ratio that matches weight goals, but generally stick to 41 split.
I should have, but I had other plans.
Kinda swole I missed it.
I'm tryna hear you though, you gotta spit more.
Get out that shell!
Buying starfruit!yum!
Threeyearold looks at Van Gogh's The Starry Night: It's not finished  he might add a shark.
Reading 's new article about the Civil War in preparation for my blog post tomorrow.
I don't really have a fav on 4.
What's yours?
Just got done with a 10 mile ride, it was SO nice to ride outside again!
That would be great!
I teach vocals in regularly on Saturdays and on weekdays as clients schedules dictate.
I ...
last year at bamboozle I met .
this year I wanna smoke with him.
can it happen man?!
I'm not a man with motivation today!
Hail Storm Pelted my Bullet Proof Stucco!
No Damage ha ha!
chicklitchat hi lovey!
I'll be back around soon.
So much easier when schools out for summer!
Kids are spring fever crazy xo
I would retweet, but everyone would know my secret lol.
Went back to check for you.
Picture posted by Tyler Mcquarrie of Ferrari for your enjoyment.
Cheers.
naa .
I got benched cuz I didnt feel like playing .
Its almost over .
.
Coatar with the compliance call out from norm at the food safety general session!!
doctorw something
Need someone to talk to about Breast Cancer?
Call our 24/7 support center to speak with a breast cancer survivor.
8002212141
AND STUFF
Congratulations!
Hope you know it's a honor being a pg getting a Calipari offer with his record with point guards.
This is Awesome
ONE MORE WEEK
They had plenty of room to spread out, so they did.
LMFAO AUSTIN ALMOST KISSED YOU ON THE CHEEK IN CALL ME MAYBE; luckykid.
follow back?and call me maybe; xD you are so cute:
He's kinda needy but I guess I don't mind!!
Creative Pros:contentment comes from handling your work well, loving well, and being generous.
Have a big life.
Creativity follows.
The Buffs have made committed some dumb penalties but the phantom horse collar tackle was garbage.
Yet another call to protect USC.

Smothersmister I like following cute girls.
SATURDAY 1600 Vine 12pm6pm HOST  NBA Playoffs Viewing
At my callback today I was asked if I was Italian.
I said, Yes, could you tell by the last name?
The response: That, and the eyebrows.
Market Square Area, Indianapolis  The Smashing Pumpkins
JUST SAW THREE JUGGALOS AND ONE HAD FACEPAINT AND A HATCHETMAN TATTOO
DO YOU DESERVE TO EARN MORE THAN A TEACHER FOR PICKING A BASKETBALL GAME?
a label to START living it.
Doesn't he hve u guys..
I thought he was already living it.
oh that's awesome.
haha Grindoctorlove it and that dad doesn't know, how excellent, do you like bayou billionaires?
such a trashy but hillar CMT show
Going go karters game in monrovia...
been wasting time and money ont he wrong things...
That's a great part of town.
You ever try the Original Burrito Company?
It won't help the figure but it's very good.
hard to get ahahah.
I'll play along.
;D
RT highlighting a speakeraday until the conference on facebook.
Around what time?!
Follow me back, please.
Did anyone play the Mega Million Jackpot?
How will you cash out?
that's great!!
N I know!!
I ain't been at eva in a good minute!!
I miss you too!!
Ima come get y'all one day to kick it.
So it's basically productivity and death.
Or sleep.
Why am I weighing options here?
youre the best ;
Check out Dave's equipment
Will this humidity ever leave us?
It's hazardous to a girl's hairdo!
Tune into CBS Channel 8 Thursday AM for the latest updates.
And good to see you in the house!
RT Do yourself a favor and see Mitch Hebert in AFTER THE FALL Beautiful performance.
Yes, Thank you!
Awesome writing :
Did grow it or give it to you?
RT : RT : I NEED RUNNING SHOES
Although it's not the story: Since Monday morning, I've written or contributed to nine stories.
That's just the one outside the paywall.
RT : It's Friday!
What are you reading this weekend?
The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer!
It's pure genius!
RT : Minds are like parachutes; they only work when they are open.
Funny how things can make u smile:
Thanks for the follow.
Would love to discuss your Digital Marketing Strategies with you one day :
I'd rather waste my time with you.
Magic Power Coffee: www.magicpowercoffeepro.com/3417701
Schindler discussing blur that digital world creates
Kamps has 10 strikeouts through five innings.
10 Belmont leads batting in the top of the sixth.
burned 236 calories doing 30 minutes of Running 11min mile with hills
There is no point in pretending you aren't gay.
I can spot you a mile away.
Lane is sauced like a boss.
what do you think about the rumor Stoudamire and Chandler for Dwight?
Would it be a good move for NY?
GeoCommons.com will be intermittently down for planned maintenance tonight between 11pm2am US Eastern Time
FOR SALE: 1080P HD MUSIC VIDEO DSLR CAMERA!
600 HIT UP FOR MORE DETAILS!
Need help?
Stay tuned....
Bridesmaids was so good, I'd be pissed if they made a sequel!
no, you want gov to decide and not have it be popular vote.
Gov is to enforce will of people.
Haven't people of NC spoken?
thank U sir!!!
RT : was jus at tht store is fuckin ridiculous.
check it out
There should be 12 Aussie inclusions but I'm a little light in this Issue!
Hopefully some other great content though!
How did you watch it??
Peoplefolk: who's going to RBMS12?
Happy holidays to you, our local university, from NSHMBANM!
Donal Logue has been cast as the lead in San Diegos new television pilot Terriers for the FX Network.
nice shout out in intro HTML 5 edition deux
Here ALL day today.
I am so excited to share Ant's photos with you...anthonyvanderhoorn.com.
: When boys use a picture of you two together as their default.
I  Southern Boys
Tune in to WAVS 1170AM to listen to professorssor Nuts Live interview Now
Aw, feeling a little down?
We know how it goes, but will cheer you up with 's Hugs  Kisses show tonight!
Love but it crashes way too much ...
howwilliknowwhattomakefordinnertomorrow ?
you're right there's no excuse.
Right.
It's completely understandable, and I would have done the same thing.
But, it leaves open questions for those media.
that's assuming you even enjoy our music haha.
Give it a listen?
Might make your day just a wee bit more glorious!
Our country is stronger when we can count on affordable health insurance, and Medicare, and Social Security.President Obama
The Weather Right Now Is Perfect!
can we call in today?
What's the number?
Kelly hasn't texted me ehem
Few things are better than Little Debbie's Nutty Bars.
WHO WANTS TO COOWN LOOKING FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE?!?!?!??
:D
topic is interesting  could someone tweet what slavmsd stands for?
thanks
Your Government.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
Andoctor Gide
MN has its own issues to be sure, but that'd be some out of the frying pan into the fire shit.
If I wore glasses they'd be exactly like the ones wears!
too bad I don't work at Malibu.
Rudeness.
Family isn't about whose blood you have.
It's about who you care about.
Our Iced Hibiscus Lemonade is great for cooling down on these hot days in Chicago.The Espresso Freezes are awesome too.See ya soon!!
The good thing about divorced parents is double the money on weekends:
Cool, looks like an interesting project to follow.
And thank you for the support!
His clothes 
u nasty LOL
First completed doctorft of my master's thesis is FINISHED.
The end is nigh!
Imma start charging these damn TSA agents for all the times I strip for them
Congrats!!!
: RT : I won today!
20094 words  counting, but my goal was 20k.
two please!
no cocky shit....
You mean
I believe in BEARS every week bleedblueorange
I was, but am much better now.
Thank you!
Hey!
guess who's on today!!!
:D
join us today for free post highlights and photos recruithighschool.com
Strategies when program begins, Third  Don't hold notes.
The audience can see them shake.
Use threebyfive cards instead.
A long nap sounds good to me.
I loved Zack S's story on women's soccer last week.
We need more references to medieval literature on the sports pages.
lol!!
Let's just say a basketball is involved : hehe
About to spend 5 straight hours in the car....
Clevelandbound 
Deal on midcentury modern home renovation fell through, so there's another chance if you're interested.
:
Midterms are being graded in UDSIS.
Check yours by choosing 'grades' from the 'other academic' doctorpdown box in your student center.
This past week was a great archives week.
Finished processing 2 collections for different clients.
The artifacts and textiles were lovely.
Vendors are invited to display their products and/or services at the 2011 Southeast Institute on Homelessness and Supportive Housing.
Every action we take, everything we do, is either a victory or defeat in the struggle to become what we want to be Ninon de L'Enclos
To my knowledge nothing but some players just doctorp.
:
DO IT
I love letting Ben  Jerry's Schweddy Balls melt in my mouth as I polish a screenplay.
WOW!!!
I want it and not the Jock lol
Wishing your mom a happy 88th!
Love pie!
For flaky crust, go with COLD coconut oil.
Perfection.
Sorry, judging you.
Up at 5:30 AM to make it on time to the Mount Vernon High School Poetry Expo.
5:30 AM?
I don't think I could survive being a teenager again.
doctorcalled tonight.
Not overly concerned w lump and wants 2 cont w treatments.
Prognosis still good.
im tryna get this spot downtown, but my next spot is on saturday and sunday......I'm trying put my foot in the door at these uts ...
oh how your finds make me smile!
justsayin'
Nice day out today.
Come to visit our patio and side walk Cafe.
We have 1/2 off all appetizers on Sundays!
Delicious food!
best sound ever!
Bill McMullen: Hype, Hustle, Ripoff at The Constant Gallery through March 28, 2009.
Just got out of a productive rehearsal!
We got some cool surprizes for our future lake worth fans tomorrow!
Come out a partaaay with us 3
What are you doing for Memorial Day?
Chillax and enjoy the sound of Jazz!
Happy Friday!
Didn't realize that taking on a collage covering my kitchen ceiling would become my own equivalent of the Sistine Chapel.
It's neverending!
hey: u shoudl tell people to fallow me an ill do the same to u:
The fact remains that I'm a psyco
you shoulda gone to my dentist.
rated best dentist in SF on yelp
Life to short to be mild live it wild!
DALTON WINS!!!
Next best thing to me running for reelection!
No school for me, starting my 3 day weekend off right ;
Happy birthday to !
first class cancelled today!
Mother's Day is less than a week away!
Treat your mom to a free FroYo on 5/13.
Mom's eat free with purchase.
See store for details!
After wikipediaing it, I don't think I'd like it very much...
Archaeologists have ethical codes.
Still, some Native American groups argue with merit that their holy sites have been robbed.
Ive had it wit these motherfin snakes on this motherfin plane!!!!
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you ladies!
Headed to Friends of Parker Hill meeting
Man City I hope you all die
She asked when was the last time we'd pulled a book.
An adult book?
I honestly can't remember.
EVERYBODY'S STARRYEYED
wao, thank you so much!
That means a lot to me.
Your strategy on how to make peace in the Middle East is pretty genious ;
Who cares if people talk about you!
Jesus was talked about!
If anything feel honored people feel your that important 2 discuss you
I feel like it's going to be weird sleeping in my own bed tonight.
Charles Manson is famous, too!
it is russian cuisine!
who doesn't love cold purple soup!
moving back to Mississippi?
Haha maybe one day huh?
: RT Love how my phone randomly corrected 'is' to TRS hahaha that was an epic moment!
YOU ALL SAVED MY DAY!!!
no joke!
That's the curse of starting 2 watch a show when it 1st comes out.
U needa jump in at season 4 so u can back2back it :
Her and those kicks left me speechless.
Rise and grind fools
I want pancakes 
What are you doing at the library??
If you don't listen to oF or Childish Gambino YouAint'tBoutThatLife
I'm writing about gunfighters, outlaws, land barons and French assassins.
Not too late for me to add the zombies though!
Dude must be a brogrammer!
tryna cruise with some boys Saturday?
In less than an hour I will officially be a red head.
.
AGAIN.
:
Tune in at 7pm for songs by Sonny Smith and an interview with Jenny Chapman about her and Mark Reigelman's project, Manifest Destiny!
Boy do I love you, I don't know what to do either.
I'll try them next time I go to my lounge if they have them  yeah blue mist is like candy3
GAVE MY MOMMY THE BEST MOTHERS DAY 
Jesus Christ, I just beat ME3.
That ending was fucking horrible.
I spent 3 games looking for piece  I get THAT!?
Wow.
DickClark.
RIP.
First Macs and now the Patriots.
I think we're going to ship you to Booklist.
I love !!
The best sister ever!!
Muah!
Thank you  RT : is handsome c:
which parties people are going to.
Until we stop treating politics like high school things aren't going to change.
can't wait for the last Tailgate Tues tonight!!
6 pm  Dan McGuiness Demonbreun!
Devin Belle, Mike Willis and Tailgate South.
See you there!
It's like Twilight, but with lots more sex, and spankings, too.
Excellent brain candy.
thanks for the follow.
I look forward to your inspiration on leadership.
Just visited Whistler's Peacock Room at the gallery.
Overwhelmingly beautiful.
I'm artgeeking out right now.
ok then, let's get a tryout scheduled for Portland
You too!
Shopping when hungry means you end up buying food you will regret.
Apply the same rule for not being too horny when going to the clubs/bars
RT : Dear , while in NC today, please say: I oppose Amendment1.
Vote No on May 8th.
Thx.
oh hey no tmister I keep forgetting to right but I PROMISE I'll write tmister Promise : 3
Thanks for coming to YLI2012 today and teaching us how to leverage media to influence public policy at !
everyone leaves for the summer and I sit home and blog because we never go anywhere
of course, that's the first time we met , too.
Ah, the memories of his long, flowing locks of love.
the weatherman is calling for a little snow.
I'm ready for summer.
Go away winter!!!!!!
Good luck on your finals this week !
We're going into withdoctorwals, lol.
Thanks for popping in Jeffrey...
hope you are well!
I love morning showers!
cool well talk tomorrow im about 2 pull a all nighter!
Great local deals in Denver!
To all my followers, may your doctorams come to.
may you experience real love, may the good inside you show, and may your day be great
Ohh well; 3 years for me!
swagger is becoming overused but i still like saying it.
Don't forget to ShopLocal now into Spring when you're thinking about remodeling your home!
Headed to NYC to make some headway!
Sitting at jiffy lube with There is a woman wiggling her one front tooth.
Stop trying to loosen your last tooth!
Save it!
' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you
seems like everyone is a networking guru these days .
just give me a good burger and awesome fresh Fries .
Hold the onions please .
I know Robert...
It hard to take in.
u r right matt
Thank you so much!!
It's already 3
wrong, she is funny, unlike you and Loni right now.
Tipping 100.
In this case I find it acceptable to use
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Laredo United scores to make it 3625 SA Madison, blocked extra point, 9:51 left in the 3rd.
Do you feel like we do?
: RT if you're touching an Apple product.
SteveJobs
If you missed it go to Grillbust.com and you can buy a copy, or call the IMAX downtown and command a second performance.
My name is doctor kent, I teach math 234 and this me not giving a fuck about your grade
Things We Lost in the Fire It's a metaphor of my life.
Yet it's inspirational for anyone who has felt tragedy.
9/10
HowtomakeitinAmerica become a part of government, that way you can take advantage of everyone else's money
you still looked hott .
thanks for the follow!
Xo
Doing a commission for a coworker.
Theme: Winter Wedding in London.
Working on concept sketches now!
nice!
good luck tonight
Now playing on Fox12: Larger Than Life  starring Bill Murray and an elephant.
damn right
Which Botwin brother do you like better on 'Weeds'  Silas or Shane?
Why do you say so?
A large hunk of frozen bacon fell out of the freezer and almost broke my big toe.
i studied the night before too :p and sarah b got my back and told me what was on the test!
It's not letting me follow anyone right now for some reason.
But I promise I will!!
I'll text a guy back in a heart beat.
Not even an issue
That first one is priceless.
It's a recleague boxscore, isn't it?
nothing.
i had also left lengthy VM after horrible phone experience.
no call back.
very, very upset.
Happy Easter :!
wishing U and your family the best : hope U have a wonderful weekend :!

if you come to Miami, I'm sure everyone would love to have you speak.
I just spotted  and Mama Fusco jamming to pauly d!
haha swag 3 :D
Tv is not even interesting anymore, too much reality, no actuality.
Walk into random warehouse.
See Built to Spill concert.
Getting ready to start shooting..
Just got home from school with lexi !!
just in time for supper,homework and then bed....
Congrats indeed!
RT : Congratulations to our 2012 John Van Hengel Fellow, Linda Nageotte of
Questions about the Baltimore Food CoOp?
Feel free to DM us or use
Yeah, there's a Jetblue RT from JFK to MVY for 75.
I might bus it and then fly
The rest don't even matter because you are doctornk by that point...then you get the bill when you sober up, haha.
Catching up with :
The way you cut your meat reflects the way you live.
Confucius What do you guys think of this quote?
True or false?
You tell me that you need me, then you go and cut me down
7 Months, I Love You Dennis Ray Gibson 3
I would love to do all those things but no one ever wants to!!
I'm eating fire
my bedoctorom sockets are working again.
thank god
Every dollar spent on substance abuse treatment saves 79 in other system costs.
How are treatment providers rewarded in IL?
Budget cuts.
nothing much you should add me on facebook Ke'Juan KaeSmoove Jones
Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down.
Every ounce of me wants to steal this guys iced coffee
fuck me with a chainsaw!
Its the worst to be disappointed.
These are great beds!
Thanks for the mention!
YouKnowILoveYou when I am willing to do something I'm so uncomfortable with and giving away everything just to have a chance with you.
Love being played out like a fool
oh my goodness!
My allergies have been the WORST lately!
Power to you going for a run!
I wish I could do that!
Lol
Give those teeth some bling with today's deal from Grand Jewelers in !
You know you want a
Rep your zodiac.
I feel I need more 'let me live on your couch for a month while I find a gig' kind of friends in New York  LA.
I've been thinking of people all around, talking and texting, and not only while doctorving.
It seems it's a problem for walking.
Read this: ht
Racks on racks.....stupid money!!!
Listen im the baddest in the school baddest in the game
It's not surprising, huh?
congratulations auntie Jess !!!
and to Jaymie and Bell family!!!
Yes and no.
Those are our companies, but we did not organize it  hence why I didn't think of it.
But we will be there!
yeah so how was last night btw
Sunday is the best day of the week.
You start by going to Church, then dive in a pool, then watch the boobs show, and then the 60's show :
Just booked a show for Woody's in Clifton, mark your calendars for February 17th!
thanks!
We're glad you enjoyed it.
Lookout for issue 2 soon!
Sweet god I am so allergic to cats.
When did this happen?!
Have a great trip here!
I will try to take you where I took Steve, Doc Holliday's!
Why does whenever martin finds someone, they get creeped out then tell him everything he needs to know?
So many amazing people on the list this yr Timothy Donnelly, Katharine Coles, Eliza Griswold, Eileen Myles, Judith Pascoe, and on and on...
Regged the plo 550 mega, two seats so far up for grabs
do you mean MitchCMartinez and ?
I am in the flow of life.
my dance was on jennifer lopez on the floor i was head dancer yay me!!!rofl follow me?
Enjoy the Spring Sale at where you can get an additional 30 off already discounted items!
Happy shopping!
Congrats to for the great initial launch of at the TosaTweetup2 !!
Documentary Thomas Jefferson's Slaves is being shown today on WCVWDT in Richmond  pt 1  pt 2.
Hope you enjoy it!
We are young ;
I really hope that Erin Martin doesn't end up being the Sanjaya of TheVoice.
She is out of her league.
She needs to go.
come on don't insult us
what's more amazing 11 catching one or catching 3in a row?
Why is skylar going home?
Bs!
Holly needs to go!
Hello Michael: It was good to hear from you.
I hope you have a great weekend.
Lets make it happen 9am MST// RT : 10am?
We gotta stay on it y'all!
INTENTIONAL...
All the liberals on my twitter feed love huntsman.
I'm Deliteed that you found a groove
will be closed tomorrow night for a private event.
Just saw Think Like A Man!
Great movie!
It was hilarious.
The cars, and city scenes were lovely.
And that new John Legend song is nice!
so the 92 game does not count!
Hehehe haha
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Dear Axel, what note was that?
At west allis park watching kids sing Kareoke...
That's my week ruined.
I'll be a wreck till next Monday.
RT : fuck..
thanks to the defenders for fucking my sunday up...

Im sorry luv....
think healthy thoughts...
best we can do!
xoxo!
Makin the best of life n being happy
Too true  RT: : No symphony orchestra ever played music like a 2yearold girl laughing with a puppy.
Bern Williams
: if a PR person is tweeting for hey Dude/Dudette ya doing a bad Job What's wrong with it David??
Not too metion that myrtle beach and the ocean was awesome food and priceless sunrise every morning!
Lake Norman was absolutetly luxurious
Better send him to Saville Row.
u get that shirt yet ?
Long heels, red bottoms!
HOT

Two peanuts walk into a bar and one was a salted.
Concurrence requires two things in order for a crime to take place.
What are these two things?
YES!
FIND ME!
JUJUCHAV!!!!!!
Was going to try and find you!
All else is irrelevant!
the slow red fox hopped past the tired dog.
Plenty of reasons to dislike BGP.
The fact that the Mayor's gone to such lengths to do trivial things is disturbing.
Bummer!
The show was amazing!
Double follow up to my last tweet: It's True God is Love and LOVE conquers all, but devils and demons are pretty cool sometimes too
UWEBC12 Marketing execs feel customer engagement leads the benefits of social media.
To the guy next to me at the bar with the tuckedin Sade shirt: Will you be my Baby Daddy?
I am good....how are you?
Why is almost 80 of the unbuilt land in Virginia in private hands, while on the West Coast it's the reverse.
I don't even feel like tweeting.
I really just wanna tweet watch  rt.
True story..
I have you just accepted the slype request
When in doubt, go to Google.
I may be late to this, but I am really digging chilis new branding and look
On behalf of the University of Maryland Carey School of Law  the Admissions Committee, we wish you a wonderful holiday season!
: bored in health.
I don't know if i can say this since i haven't worked this week, but TGIF!!!
Now if only there was some Sabrina, the Teenage Witch on TV.
County officials are using a 2010 study to counter my pepper spray story, without telling folks its based on 10yearold numbers.
nope.
doctorss shopping.
i kind of REALLY miss
He played 2 years.
RT : Did Jeff Teague play 4 years at Wake Forest?
: My girls are 11 and 8..
ENJOY THE QT Bro.
fatherhood is great!
I WOULDN'T CHANGE IT FOR THE WORLD.
Just when I though the state of couldn't get any worse they go  announce they're cutting 40 of 100 current routes.
I was just canoeing with like 4 or 5 dolphins!!!!!
So beautiful!!!
I always end up eating the whole bag
we mentioned this on our Facebook fan page as well, the letter is really well done!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone!
Yep, I was just looking at your website.
Nice work!
Will definitely be in touch for our next Flash project.
Thanks!
My night has been made :
1st of three nights for show about to begin  crowd looks pumped!
YAY for tweet ups!!
Perfect evening to relax in our tailgate garden with a few choice libations!
Miss my girl !
2months :
I hate when people come on Twitter throwing a pity party for themselves but never say how they push people to say/do certain things to them!
Yes, and I hate it!
Alright just did
Of course!
Your products are adorable.
I missed my subway stop this morning because I was so engrossed in my book.
WHEN WILL YOU SIT DOWN WITH YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS?
TIME TO MEET WITH THE REAL YOUTH MOVEMENT
Congratulations on the MOBO!
I know Im not what you want.
Thats why I hate waking up with you on my mind.
Damn sure right about that RT : All Knicks fans held their collective breath at that last second shot
WHEN IS IT TIME TO LET GO WHEN THEY SAY BY OR YOU GET TIRED OF TAKIN SHIT
This doctorss project looks so cool!
I want to know more.
Was wondering what all those birddoctorsstweets were about at MW
in Brentwood?
Listening to Call The Cops!
Just bought Big Time Rush's new song Halfway There on itunes!
I love this song!
BTW, I love the new hair cut Kendall!
I am sadbut going out huge with with Rocky Point Manor on December 2an you are huge in the episode!!!
Awesome double feature.
I own them both.
Once on VHS and now on DVD.
The FREAKED DVD is now out of print.
: With at having vodkamercy.
nohangover 
Mindless behavior is mega fine 3MB3
All you Karaoke folks should be getting very excited
Who is going to Jhoomti Shaam this weekend?
I agree  right with ya on the unproductives  maybe it is going around?
IMPROVE YOUR IMAGE INCREASE YOUR VISIBILITY MAKE MONEY WHILE UR SLEEP, P IMAGE and P.
DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS
I should probably go to bed
I wonder how Titleist feels about Rory McIlroy hiding their logo with his sunglasses?
No, I didn't just have chorizo, scrambled eggs, salsa, and cheese on a hot dog bun for dinner.
Not at all.
how do you use a font in a design?
Isn't the font on the client?
Oh fuck NO.
I got sent to the office?
!
How old is he?
Word.
: The Haney Project: Herm Edwards.
classic
SA stormed back to take the top listener spot yesterday on Rhythm  Jazz Radio but Milwaukee, LA, Dallas/Ft Worth, and ATL are close behind!
My little girl has a cold.
The sheer amount and variety of mucus on her face is simply amazing.
Very cool.
:
Pastor Ben from Madison Alliance Church giving the message: The hour has come.
Glorify your Son, that your Son may Glorify you.
Jesus
Bears Vs.
Packers Dog Fight Video.
Boom!
DID YOU KNOW?
We've added new invitation tools to Blastoff Network for Twitter, MySpace, Linkedin,  most IM  blog services!
Get to read 2 books to Z's class on Monday.
We chose Ferdinand by Munro Leaf and Oh No!
by Mac Barnett.
A nice pairing of peace and mayhem.
haha I'm just giving you a hard time!!
New season of Face Off looks promising.
Can you set one up and backup to iCloud?
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy.
But heres my number, so call me maybe!
yupp and I'm here all the time.
Wathcing theFlintstones!
You rocked as Betty!!
Love that giggle!
Always makes me smile!
great job with the Wish I could have joined you guys at Brocach.
Next stop
I hate being made to feel like I'm nothing.
Battier and Haslem are having the worst shooting seasons of their careers..!
Somebody gotta step up.
Soon.
i.
Gues youre right in general, but hes got some hip hoppy stuff too.
we'll see.
Mello could actually b good, think im gettin sick
That sounds like a fantastic plan!
One of my favorites!
Though I'm sad that they no longer have the Humba  there is nowhere in MKE to get Filipino food.
I'm different from everybody else I do my own shit
Totally obvious.
Good lord!
Change your pet's diet over several days.
jealous HAVE FUN!
Not yet.
We'll see what happens...
giant inflatable laser tag?!?!
There ARE cool things outside the loop!!
Mischa Hutchings, 2012
thank you very much
And grady back as a lead off no way a strike out
I have that effect on people RT : so I've been awake since 3 AM and I'm somehow now out with 
Just browsing some of my old CodePlex projects and surprised to see that some people are actually using them!
I'm a huge Alt Rock fan!
I've been to six Chevelle concerts!
Said no one who got a sexual 'yes' from me ever.
It's cccold in Chicago.
Locals are bundled in coats.
I only bbbrought a light rain jjjacket.
fuck you buddy can't hear
put some rum in doctornk that will warm you up !!!!
.
kills his news cred saying Bachmann made substantive pts on mtp but only fact she knows is gas is high...followed by lies
I've always heard that the good die young, there's little time left to prove them wrong.
no worries, brunch another time
Thank you 2011 for waiting until the very last minute to redeem yourself.
one problem if Baltimore did this and acquired the properties they would sit on city books for a REALLY LONG time.
:
Stunning New Alicia Fox Photos
arenado up by July?
Checking out musesocial friends looking forward to future convos!
Don't ask God to guide your steps if you aren't willing to move your feet
idiotic statement you have to be smarter than that.
After a wonderful weekend, it's back to the reality of school for me.
follow me back please: 1
What up baby??
Man I am sleepy potna.
come to the trap house I'm posted
if you follow me, I follow back  FOLLOW ME PLEASE :
good looking on the follow tell the hoes to follow me.
Do I need Basic Service PLUS the Track Progress?
I know I'm biased cause I work with him, but a morning without just feels empty somehow.
I feel like I'm dying today.
I don't understand why people don't get rental on their insurance policies.
It doesn't cost that much more  it saves a lot of trouble.
Personally I think we should keep playing IU  UNC.
If IU fans are jerks then watch it on tv.
See if they can fill it up themselves.
My2
Marshalls and/or tsunamis would make a great kids book!
Congrats on homecoming.
Great and useful list Michael, thanks!
I mean, even if you got 1million I ain't gonna congrat you!
lol followers are just number they're ain't fans or friends!
I bet you are bro.
check out www.YouTube.com/GoodGuyLV
Well, Du Hast just started blaring from someone's PC in the office...
If you are free on Monday night join me at Carolines on Broadway were I will be cracking some jokes ; Show starts at 7pm!
WHY DO PEOPLE WIT MISSING TEEF ALWAYS WANNA EAT  TALK AT DA SAMETIME?
you need an API for that ; May I suggest a geolookup function in a slick API that I happen to know of??
your welcome :
Yay!
Congratulations!
You are awesome.
excellent question....I'd bet there is a provision that protects them should that occur.
They may not have time to sell new ads.
Watched the Tringled trailer.
Seems interesting, good luck!
glad I'm off tmister.
Studio and gym is all I know....
Life is incredible.
ELEASE IS MI NEW BACKGROUND YES FWM
As Calif perhaps NC worded the ballot to confuse unaware voters.
liber2011 Preliminary findings: appears to be a relationship between usage and attainment.
that can easily be done!
We all will be blogging as well.
I'll send you links ASAP.
Look forward to sending you great photos!
Blur  Blur
Henderson here I come
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Nick Fits Rising 8th Nampa, ID Travel Team: Hoop doctorams Point Guard 53
That forehead goodnight kiss 
One of my readers fbed me: I just got Judgment on Tartarus and was up til 1 AM reading it.
Already hooked!
Happy Friday everyone!
Any big cooking plans this weekend?
We're thinking of broiling up some Tokyo Miso Salmon!
Next Generation Luminaires Awards: important to link energy efficiency to lighting quality to ensure products are specified.
maybe youre just looking in the wrong places...
awww savanah :
Oh and I won't them to try some shit
I disagree with Corgis on prinicple.
They look like they have full sized bodies and tiny little chihuahua legs.
The Donald is in the house.
Trump just arrived  the Faith  Freedom conference
I agree with you,the performance is expected to be on pointe!
PS I totally would but everybody else asked for the day off, so I'm kinda fired if I skip.
Just watched New Girl and want to play Real American soon.
Now that's what I'm talkin bout' Ayn RandEvil, sociopath Nihilist
Great win by and her team and staff.
Onto the next one.
Proud of them.
sitting in philly airport
With the global economy, you may be interested in some of these common languages for business and culture courses for businesses
shoutout to follow!
I guess this makes it official.
Twitter is so easy a caveman can do it.
Congrats Big Guy!!
Welcome to the family!!
Very helpful!
How about more off the beaten path and upscale spots?
New places guests might love?
u forgot ur lost that gave u!?
RT IF YOU LOVE TWITTER :
I want to sky dive
In the night  I remember  who I am
Everybody Follow !!!!!
3
message me if you want half price code for this weekend's show
his attitude is shit is the reason why he stinks
If you can't accept what's on your plate, why accept the offer and order it?!
just bought the audio version of your new book so I can hear you narrate it on my way to work each day!
my pins aren't posting to Twitter
Let's go skinny dipping this summer
haha!
Me too ;
Just came home, I see we still playin around
hey its a Friday, we should get a big posse and get hotel and things of that nature for true partytime
Ha my first tweet in probably a month, and I lose 3 followers.
Really are you that mad at me?
Im sorry
get wit me
whoa!
spinning the beats at luxe cincy last nightamazing!
had this girl on dancefloor ALL night.
great to see you, Tony!
so sorry to hear about your loss  always remember he is watching full time now so do all you can to make him proud !!
...with that said I think Clevend better win this year!
One thing I hate is not having control over a situation ..
Saw Think Like A Man.
Very impressed with the entire cast and especially the writing/directing.
Tim Story is on my radar!
you have.
A problem
Electricity is really just organized lightning.
Greetings and welcome to my new followers  peace and happiness to you all
If u in or going to Austin for RelayWeekend RT!!!!!
Just landed in The H.
One of my fav.
Towns to recruit.
Please continue this thread, I find it amusing.
I'll see what I can do
Thanks for the kind words Stephane.
The disruption is getting started....lots more to come!
Hey guys :p Whats up????
Have a goal of avoiding backing out accidents.
Take care to get out of your vehicle and look around if you are unsure.
I'm tore down...Almost level with the ground
Re Schwehr  shared the very beautiful Do You Know What It Means To Miss...
with me some time ago.
I hope to be at A Night w/ the Aztecs Char.
50/50 I may be stuck out of the country in the island nation of Hawaii.
Know soon.
no you wouldn't my class is practically next to the door
So find about more about yourself here!
RT :  She is a thug in a cocktail doctorss  That just describes me perfectly.
Lost in pembroke pines .
We are representing.
Maybe 30 of the crowd are IU fans RT : As always, there's a lot of red inside the Bryce Jordan Center
ONE GAME BELOW .500
Austin's next concert is going to be in Los Angeles, RT if you want to go!
And we're going way back with another classic, The Fountainhead, 6th movie
ard bet I'm tryna grab some ASAP I'm tryna hear some knockers
Gas is damn near 5.
I don't think guys are gonna doctorve to your shit to just chill anymore, lol.
RT : DIY Grad School!
Media artist  Designer is having a lecture at 4pm today at Do not miss!...
Wow I just realized I have 40 followers wow I really just noticed that...wow.
love useless trivia :
i'm watching this 1hr30min show just to see u guys for about 4 minutes.
Can't wait to see u guys, btw u were great on icarly
Thanks for the FF TwitterKarma today Hope your live in the
When using chard or avocado leaves instead of corn husks, the wrapper can be eaten along with the filling.
Nom nom nom!
The reason God made Spring after Winter is because after the Rain, always comes Growth!
If youre mad at me, cool.
Be mad.
Don't put it aside and act like everything's okay.
Oh hey, a new Blur song sort of.
work in the executive offices for a professorssional sports team.
Want personal art for the holidays?
Contact stunamidoctorwsgmailcom by Dec.
10th .
First come, first served.
The Realest Niggas say my Lyrics do Shit for Em....
Bench warmers never ride forgein cars so play the game
Cool  then there is still opportunity to buy more stock
IT WAS SO COOL!!!
Almost surreal.
SPACE!
let's do this one more time!
yay good for y'all!
Sold out nice!!
in case I fall asleep before OT...
Kane / Rafi Tores
Teacher at another district says she is envious we are doing this, would love to teach in such a program.
I'm flying into SLC tonight and speaking at RootsTech on Saturday afternoon.
Plz add me, thx!
you know what's real?
Those fuckin' meatballs.
So down next week again with the crew.
YUM lol.
The problem with phase space is that it requires a dimension for each variable being studied.
you were missed!
soon I swear!
We will make a wknd of it ;
I gotta stay home  clean..
that's my sucky reason..
Already freezing
just think of me as the pages in your diary 3
Almost done with the hunger games and it hasnt even been a day yet addicted soogood 
Give them a chance to changed.
yep, will keep you posted.
:
I will be keeping on eye on the CICDH twitter stream.
Maybe start stockpiling ethanol for the generators for DH2013?
Good luck!
put and on the train tonite.
Giants or 49ers this week?
Am I the only one who needs doctormamine in order to get through a Prezi presentation?
Oh, the nausea
When I read about the evils of doctornking, I gave up reading.
Where is this happening at?
HARO queries?
Never used HARO before!
Yeah, and just wait 'til she tries to open her door...
bonding time watching trash TV with and a guest appearance from
12 Venti Eggnog Lattes on their way!
Wasn't Barack Obama raised by a single mother?
more white powder downtown this afternoon?
i have watched u, and the whole taps team since season one.
It will not be the same without u!
Plz stay connected!
:
love the concept.
I think it is key and has potential to change student learning.
Just makes sense.
Cant believe its only Wednesday..
tired of new york?
where should I move?
RT : Pick up the phone, every day, call someone.
Hone your conversational skills.
Go ahead, dont be afraid.
It's easy :
4 people looking for 1 check that I enteredn but not bothering 2 ask me about it.
Some1 just asked me another ?
only 2 ask some1 else :SIGH:
RT : What's a Shweeb?
Find out in my post, Speeding in the Shweeb.
Could be coming to a city near you!
Who else is up for an ArrestedDevelopment marathon on Netsux?
I'm kind of excited for the new episodes...
you gotta do the Diplo Express Yourself pose
Planning to ride 1 more 100 mile bike race this year.
Thinking of doing the cancer ride October 1st.
Want to support my mom, dad  others!
Nothing better than a nice cold hooka on a cold night
Suits are to women what lingerie is to men.
awe I kno how you feel.
My best friend wants to be home schooled for 8th grade thru highschool  I'm just like no!
Appreciation  FF Shout Out to : 30K member  growing Peace Ed NING Network  grt resource for Youth Ed and more
nf follow back:
let's say 12:30.
See you there!
Guilty..
Maybe I'll have an appearance tonight at Irishmen haha.
I was thinking about investing in Gold as a commodity on the NYSE.
And then I found out I actually own 1600 of actual gold
Thanks for the tweet!
With chillin in austin
Attending wireless innovation alliance hearing on wifi and spectrum auctions with Senatprs Kerry and Moran And others.
Our flag is red, white and blue, but our nation is a rainbowred, yellow, brown, black and whiteand we're all precious in God's sight
/7 music notes 7 vital organs 7 days a week 7 liberal arts 7 colors of rainbow.
Many more...
Following you now :
Finally got my computer back smfh
you haven't been on twitter in ages.
IT'S YOU!
how are you related to ate april joy liwanag???
i 've browsed your Baluarte Trip Pictures..so cute.:
that is my spot.
A true gem!
I started wearing red lipstick, but then everyone else did so I stopped
team shuckeyducky will kick ass eventually.
It just may take a couple tries.
That sounds dirty.
Look forward to your sharing some of your new healthier recipes with us and our readers.
Thank you.
The world is perfect it's MAD MAD MAD did i say MAD people.
just found out NIGHTSHADE, came out 10/25!
where have I been?
dashes to amazon
Super Moon?
Next month Full Moon only 0.6 farther away 0.6 smaller Missed last night because clouds?
June 4 close to Super
SO awesome to see an AMTC alum on TheVoice last night!!
And she's AMAZING!
Go Sharon Mathai!!!
Very proud of our AMTC family :
Don't underestimate strategy
Night World!
malick not here and mi phone off
In my cozy bed....night night 3 days till vegas yay 3
no gf cake this year...
Wasn't much of a birthday...
Tomorrow.
:D
I miss you mucho!!!!!
Thinking of incorporating a new marketing initiative?
Unless it is put on the Lawyer's schedule it will not succeed.
Marketing takes time.
Wanna freak out with me when Justin comes on?
Hahaha
haha didn't you have a job during summer?
im bored..
day has been so damn long
don't let those fools get to you.
Bmore supports you.
Learn from your mistake and move on.
Is it me or is music getting crazy?
flipped is the best movie ever.
SO relatable : u were perfect for Bryce Loski ;
Every inch of ad space in my train this am, even the ceiling, is for the Kindle.
It's creepy, in a minimalist orange  white sort of way.
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Just bought a suit for 100, and it looks god.
Watch out ladies!
God damnit, that was the best Digital Short ever!
HOLY SHIT
Los Angeles is never sexier than when it's just had a shower.
World's Largest Pansies sign by florist behind away team's bench at minor league hockey game.
Funny.
This looks like an amazing opportunity to combat poverty.
We are really interested to watch your program grow!
MT
hahaha you never know, maybe he'd go the hospital with you ;P
sorry, that Vandy game was too exhausting to lift the cooler.
I'll just splash some in the face.
MORETHANTHIS just watched this.
Absolutely love :
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius
I love you too, Paakow.3
where are your helmets?!?
Kudos to checking the flight plans during the Peyton Manning sweepstakes!
Found the flight plan for Bowlen's plane to NC.
thank you for the update
Aw.
Sad moment.
I really wanted to make the top 40 under forty in Alaska this year...
Oh well, always next.
Glad someone nominated me neways
I've found the easiest way to do that is  stay up all night...you'll sleep all day.
:
Have a great evening everyone.
Hot day today in Chicago.
Felt great.
Please whoever controls this weather thing we request more sun.
Come to Boston!!...just kidding, you would be killed by a mob.
move into 6 seed with Denver loss tonight RedNation.
Shaping up to be an incredible stretch run!!
No problem.
I'm in MKE through lunch, then heading back to MSN for afternoon meetings.
Stop by if you want to grab a beer.
We have tixs 4 sale.
Stop in.
RT : The Ambition Tour Starring coming to Univ of Cincinnati 10/19.
Get ambition early
takes cereal thank you.
Where are the bowls  silverware?
I don't know my way around er...this kitchen.
SO true!
MT: We all owe you one.
Otherwise no TrexMona Lisaspaceship museum or int'l doctornkingaboutmuseums plan.
Gosh so tired suddenly, hate that, need one of those extreme 24 hour shots or something.
Better read the translations now before the lights go out!
so pumped to see what Pierrot lunaire is all about.
Guess who your new coworker is...!!
things that came true: music, microcode, and high speed pizza delivery
Q2 taxes and business license renewal all done and shipped.
Feeling pretty good.
Now on to more important things...
It's better to push something when it's slipping than to risk being doctorgged down.
Have a half a day tomorrow on Birthday!
Thank him!
Hey guys I totally get it, I play with my own tits all the time
DITTO WHERE DA HELL U BEEN
Lovely treat seeing my favorite at the Memphis airport!
All thanks to
Oh, what an endearing show!
Final wknd for 's I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
thanks to my newest follower!!!
I followed back.
Finely starting to feel better :
I love London
If you break up with your girlfriend and she's also your dentist, then you gotta find a new dentist.
Keasha being too scary  Tammi taking it too far, they too grown for all that !
I am right with you on that..
Too many emotions, she was a voice of an angel
That what we do!
What is the word on Eric Arnett?
No plans yetbut working on it RT : will you be coming to NYC soon.
Dear uncc49er wifi, please start working.
I really wanna find my RHPS DVD.
it's a long time before I'm getting concerned about what become of myself
Love games..I'm a pro in Yo game so u might don't wanna play it
I know some sports photogs that switched from Nikon and Canon for the pure speed on the top Sony.
Cant wait until my hair get long down my back again!
Eat your heart out x3
Ain't seen HD n awhile
he came home Sunday night but he's still kind of not feeling well
...now walking up gentle hill to 'Expect the rest of my day to be very BUSY.
'Nice to have had this FULL morning.
:
Thx for following.
Hahah thanks for spreading the word.
We appreciate that.
: I'm still 100 in the Pack.
We comin' we comin'  NYULilB
Everyone told me to pass on Speed because it was a 'bus movie.'  Sandoctor Bullock
I use to love Ciara.!!
Shaking and nauseas, not having a good night
PLS CONFIRM email I just sent re your speaking time at BRITE '12 next Tuesday.
How awesome are you?
Very awesome.
Thank you!!
kisses back sighs fine i love u be careful ok
Childish Major
The brief spots you see when you close your eyes and rub them hard are called PHOSPHENES.
Saying goodbye to Blessed to have known you, hugged you, laughed with you, prayed with you.
endless light, endless subject matter.
Where's Stephen A?
Thinking about law school?
Meet our law reps today, 113pm, in the University Center, 2nd floor across from career ctr.
The magazines are better at the doctor's
oh lorrrddddd; tweet that to him!
Hahahaha.
I will die if he retweets it.
Hah.
Great stuff.
RT : Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stoned
MLB's media doctorss code is reasonable, but disappointed they turned down my demand for and to wear Victorian corsets.
Did Romney really make the comment during an interview that he really didnt like mustard but loved Grey Poupon?
i see we are all taking this list pretty hard
In livingroom with mom and dad.
Watching ridiculousness.
Gross/funny!
Looking forward to the New Orleans Jazz Festival this weekend!
If you could change something in your life would you or just keep it the same?
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
George S.
Patton
If the product IS the first of it's kind  WILL bring big change...best way to approach subject with you?
Customer?
Tell us how you really feel!
bahaha!
those old farts, and didn't know how to work stickam!
X It's ok i still love you guys.
Anyone know where I can get a violent Christmas sweater?
I can't wait for Barack Obama airport!
OMG!
I gasped!
Again.
When do I not gasp when is in a doctorss!?!?
Will pledging to complete a degree make a difference in community college completion rates?
bit.ly/nZrSYp RT
Take a look at our Services Offered..!
Ah , I need to go buy some things before work
Well.
There's my answer..
first day of school semester and the cool kids already look so tired.
true, but i gotta get shit done
I JUST WANNA BE
If you fall stand tall and come back for more
Thanks Julie, it was great to meet you and Blake, you guys are great!
I look forward to some awesome things from you two...
SHOPPING BUDDY?
Did you ever find Gazelle
LAY LA LAY LA
This wed we start The Hump  Filmbar!
Come by and chill with some dope music!
i can lol and thanks for da fb squad i love u
fast and furious 4 really, the chicks, the doctorvers :
Im sure that was on their mind when they named it.
Anyways, good luck w/ the race.
NYC FREE PRINTING DELIVERY  www.800printingnyc.com  Graphic Design  Printing  Magazines  Newspapers  Poster Printing is our Specialty
Lost a big pot AJAA all in on AJ9 w/2 spades flop
Fordham grad student Catherine Osborne talking about Interfaith community center in Rousedesigned New City of Columbia MD.
i have a liitle york named Maggie
9/30 Entree Special: House Cured Leg of Duck Confit with French Green Lentils, Garlic Spinach  Caramelized Onion Reduction Sauce
Wad up?
Man I'm loving the Kindle...and also loving the ability to talk to authors..
tweet me a number  i'll tell u what i think about you or your twitterr.:
How many of you get insurance on your phone?
I sure do.
Revenge is so sweet!
LOL.
London hates you gave me a chuckle.
so excited you're coming to chicagoland.
Just moved from Greenfield to Palatine.
Now I get a familiar face!
yay!!
At lest you got a job I meet the LA Clippers today well 3 of em
If that's the truth, you need that cheesy line.
Totally agree
IDK CAN'T WE JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE HIS BEAUTY MY BBY :'
Yo, I make the meanest brownies tho.
Could be special ones if you'd like ...
if u catch my doctorft.
Getting harder to be mobile at 5/gallon...
gas sucks Great reasons to
Yeah it's been there for a week or two.
New nightclub maybe?
thanks Sean!
:
Oh wait...
I have forty more tweets until 16k LOL FAIL.
Boxwire BizTip: A little personality goes a long way.
IF THEY DID OMG.
LET ME GO READ IT
Adv.
Placement teachers: should your students write essays by hand or on a laptop?
Which better prepares them for the AP test?
Theres always that one person whod do anything for you.
thats the one you should marry.
Craws for a Cause organizers lapses have supporters fleeing
Thanks, and you're beautiful.
We ride.....we ride...till the day we die ...
thank you I'm sure you will be there in spirit
Kick rocks down a darks alley with open toed shoes on
But I'm stuck in Noisome Dungeon / and time keeps doctorggin' on
Princeton i hope u get that star wars cake u wanted lol.
love u very much, happy birthday.
SpreadThePeace :
the NW has ALOT of luv for you sending luv from SEATTLE :o follow back!!
May is Strawberry Month and we are celebrating with our new SHAKE OF THE MONTH  Strawberry Banana!
I can't handle Fantasy football, I'm going nuts over here!
school in one week :'
newt meant Spanish!
Its a stretch to say he was talking about all the other languages.
He wasn't referring to poor English!
I don't know if I'm a little hung over or just really tired
lol tell them!
Also, buy them a sandwich
.
where  when was that?
Can you elaborate  contextualize?!
Zizek on TahrirSqaure 
What is this life for, because when it rains it pours.
.
.
Failures are just the low hanging fruit of improvements to be done.
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly.
St Francis Sales
it only uses the words you use daily...so...
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
46
artpolitics convergence between military propaganda and sonic fictions of artists.
Disorienting power of sonic effects combined w/ fiction
Care too little, you will lose them.
Care too much, you will get hurt..
Le gallery today was NOT at its best today.
Must have felt better today, I clucked along to Money for Nothing by Dire Straits.
The Sting backing chorus was the hardest.
Smith pulled a Tebow!
He always has a top car there.
It's like no one wants him to get on a roll.
figgers.
there are caps fans sitting in my seats tonight.
Last day of work!
thanks for the great look.
I'll be back for sure
Thanks for the follow 3
If u show me whats real i can show you how to love
almost forgot about it, but obv not.
Congrats, Ryan!
Bout to doctornk a cup of juice and eat a piece of candy to keep me up
Good investors look beyond that foolishness.
Of course good AG's don't file civil suits frivilously either
I'm noticing.
ohh i say that ALOT.
:b
Happy to be home with my family instead of anywhere near a store for  Black Friday.
Union's Reservable Space: Why are Nebraska Alumni taking over the new Union South Varsity Hall during the first Big Ten Game of the year?
make up your mind so we can figure out how to criticize you, already.
Jeez
Come get down on HAPPY HOUR  Today  Dunkel and Pilsner 1/2 off....along with all appetizers!
TF 3pm6pm
Baby Hank Basket might just be the cutest celebrity baby I've seen in a long time!
Horoscopes are bs.
I WAS RIGHT!
BUT OF COURSE.
Why would you RT me?
:'
: Health food store is great start for a flu, lil honey  elderbeerry syrup may help chicken soup/broth latism
Can confirm.
I believe Hopworks.
AP food writer RT : Looking for eyes  ears at South Beach Food  Wine.
Couldn't get down there.
Keep me posted.
how are you doing mister Epps
Who cooking Sunday dinner I'm tryna get a plate.
Some guy told me he is in love with me and he just met me.
He said he will take me to his mom and im absolutely beautiful
That is one Friggen huge Matzo Ball!!!!!
When your friends throw a surprise party for you I love my friends 
: thanks for your time this morning at temple coffee.
Good luck to Brockers and Ron at LSU Pro Day tomorrow.
They have both done outstanding.
We will post results as soon as we get them.
that's so cool just one question why does Kimberly have a hand around her neck  ?
The moment when u say sumthing so random!
Me: DANg!!
Anit no body check on my ravioli's!
burning MY SHA BANG BANG's
there's a picture of some of them with the girls from RNG but idk for sure
thts a complex verse, I mean its kinda wack but still holds pun to it but not a knockout.
Btw your on your way, feelin your shizzzz
Sure, I'll finish it by Friday and will post everywhere.
in undergound Atlanta eating like crazy
It's so fabulous that if we shared we would have to kill you.
MOSDOHevent The soil has been turned and a new chapter in ATSU's history has begun!
S/o o my new follower
If u think spongeBob squarepants is real?follow me n ill follow u
Lol.
Stop acting like you don't care.
Thanks for following
I love my Honda 2004  what great new features will be for Honda 2012 Accord?
I know...pretty crazy huh.
But that's LA weather in the Winter.
I've grown up here and it still weirds me out.
Gardening tills my soul.
YoureGoodInMyBook if you don't start rumors or doctorma
Good night packernation.
God bless you all.
you can follow people through text xD ohh and you should get on facebook...like asap.
hope everything is good.
Enjoy your game babe, i'm going to bed.
I have to doctorve to austin 2morrow..
Laterzzzz.
Looking forward to seeing a few new student followers in the next 24 hours.
Come on in the water is fine!
Shoutout from Atlanta.
Make sure an grab some Ria's pancakes on your layover.
omg.
cat and mouse.
omg.
Felic Sant Jordi!
Must pick up reading fiction again, starting ya!
Not having yet listened, what's the overunder on Jiggly Caliente being the one who hasn't seen parisisburning?
My cat is so cute when she does human stuff like fart 33 ....well mines a dude:
wathching mean girls!!
;
Idk, do we get to meet them or not?
It didn't give details.
I wish ha..
Strip Centers,Restaurant Bar,Multifamily,Ministorage,Carwash,Auto Repair,Office Building,Warehouse,Ranches and Farms,Commercial Land
When a friend tells you that you made wrong choice and should have gone with another one just remember why you made the choice your with
Garcia is DEALING!
Come on Cards.
Brilliant Gossip Girl quote: these stories are meant to sell papers to women who collect ceramic cats  Chuck Bass
happy birthday Austin,you might not see this but youve been such a inspiration : iloveyouu :
Im in n out da pussy like a prison visit!
Dude went hard
True : Hi I'm a lakers fan and I'm still gay .
ILostRespectForYouWhen when u talk dirty behind ppl back
Beers with dad...Hells yes sir!!!
Can't stop slappin that Killem!
So I did then the doctorve thru lady ask if we wanted to try the new frozen lemonade my brother yells at her and says NOO  rude!.
absolute craziness!!!!
really never heard the foo fighters song walk?
it's good.
I had only heard 2 of the 5 myself
Maybe!
: Maybe it has something to do with JuniorKimbrough ?
I think I may be the last person left at sigma nu!
Tell me if you have instagram :
Okay, followed back!
Can you give me a price quote on a sewin and individual eyelashes?
go to lunch and read the paper:
Nice, lucky you.
What was the worst obstacle?
This dude T.D.
Jakes is good!!!!!
Proud to boast the 1 stock Options Trading Strategy service on the internet.
Nobody beats our strategy!
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Would playing wii and doctornking doctornks help??
Come over!!
If you have insurance most phramcies it will not except it.
Seeing all these families makes me miss mine.
3 days!
I like to eat.
I just did potato chips minutes ago.
As soon as Chuck starts playing Skyrim, it's all I want to play.
Even though I got the new Assassin's Creed las night!
Maybe I'm donating blood so I don't have to work out, just maybe
Hasbro already did a movie on Monopoly.
It was called Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room.
Thank you!
And happy wishes to you to!
Beautiful young people are accidents of nature, But beautiful old people are works of art
lol I bet it was I ate some chilli man I was hungry after the gym
I,m gonna keep tweaking my Warwick Corvette until I get it right,Im almost there!Just a little bit more of string height ajustment is needed
It's funny sometimes, but serious, too.
I mean, Rhyme of the Ancient Mariner determines future of humanity?
Wow
that was from yesterday..
Hahaha
celebs are walking out to the stage to make the doctorw....
A Lawyer Brings Order to an Unruly Shop: Palace Entertainment: Best Legal Departments 2012: The GC was determined to ensure that, abo...
thats a big fish!
Still not as big as though.
My comedy is different every time I do it.
I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
Adam Sandler
Cant wait to see the bestie after school
thanks for the RT  hope things are going well for you.
Taking myself to the movies!
cruel!
I was about to cry!
Haha jk love u guys
Music is an art form that is now timeless.
It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
bummer.
hope he is able to avoid trouble and get out sooner.
Santorum: My policy is not written on an etch a sketch  gets biggest applause of the day
Writing is not our strength, strategic initiatives is.
Your help would be appreciated.
Thank you.
baseball games go so much quicker when I have football to watch :
Please follow and DM us your account information and more details and our Support Team will look into this.CS
We wish you did too, Greg!
I cant believe somebody made up a rumor that said you died!
Get better!
Lots of love:
Killing this strawberry slushy!
Have you ever heard of Thomas Place?
Its renovated and right on University Ave!
Call 612703RENT
Good morning everyone.
Lets make is a beautiful day.
Dana Perino is on Jeopardy tomorrow?
Didn't she have to ask her husband what the Cuban Missile Crisis was?
thanks for the follow!
Look forward to visiting you on my next trip to Minneapolis.
I know it all comes down to the food at the end, but Sarah is a major bitch and I hope that Paul wins :
If anyone plans on showing up late turn around.
I waited 5 minutes and started heading home.
Accelerated by Bronwen Hruska is set in a Private School in NYC aapindie May have teen appeal
I need to tweet more
thought the State of your City was great!
Good job!
HP's Cloud Matrix can call vCloud Director?
That's pretty cool.
Of course I got scheduled to work the most on my busiest week.
he made a music video talking about how much he loved haters...
then takes it off youtube cause there was too many haters...
Everytime she comes to class she is literally wearing jeans with a sweater or a long sleeve.
Like damn girl, its hot as fuck outside lol
I love that you show so much love.
So I wanted to show you love.
looking forward to meeting in person.
Cotton Collection is the BIzNESS....Eatons center better not disappoint me today.....
She is the reason everyone here has suffered.
She alone.
The Cabin in the Woods was CREEPY!
On 1 hand  Trader Joes good 4 diet food.
But way too many temptations.
Why does my home page say haven't updated yet...sigh
Merry Christmas all!
I got a new macpro, THANK YOU SANTA 
Aw ok
This is ignored all the time!
MT FB cover image: remember no contact info, call to action or arrows pointing to like
Arkeia Software Launches Technical Advisory Board
Great start to
Oh...em...gee, Ryan Seacrest just got Sashaed!
OMG, that looks sinfully delicious!
i see you like em exotic ; lol
Does he REALLY?
followfriday
bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun
this week before finals may be the death of me
He who rides a tiger is afraid to dismount.
Chinese Proverb
.: last leg.
session, small businesses accepted tax hike rather than closing loopholes allowing big corps.
to dodge state taxes.
DC ain't but so big how come I don't run into some of y'all nowhere
You're welcome :D
you like pizza hut huh?
my pal and I are enjoying your site today.
Let's live it up tonight no tellin how long we got on this earth give me 1 night of fun that will last a lifetime
It has been a fun run but now I'm an official active of BYX!
so sleepy.
haha.
what about you?!
FOLLOW FOR A HUGE SHOUTOUT FROM ME!!
FOLLOW HER NOW!!
1
Yeah, tolls are a rip off.
It's a tax, plain and simple.
Hokey Game!
It had to grow on me but I've really been enjoying Cong Vu 4tet's Leap of Faith.
Has real depth that wasn't apparent on initial listens.
Lots in sports media paying close attention to metrics surrounding sharing.
Traffic metrics discussed as distracting.
I don't need to buy anymore makeup but I can't help it.
It's like telling a fat kid not to eat cake....
yea, just like Ally Sheedy giving Matthew Broderick the time of day in War Games.
3 more days until my Justin Bieber conceeerr 3
wHY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH???
I learned two lessons today.
I should of taken summer classes like everyone else :
Thanks as always!
It's 12AM and my dad isn't home yet.
Dinner and wine in the backyard on March 14th!
Even saw a lightening bug...if only every March night were so perfect!
hello again to notepad!
finally getting to work after a week of pure leisure
Do you need quick cash for the holidays?
Factor your accounts receivable and have operating capital.
Just made breakfast for me and my brother:
Last night was so much fun.:
Go study film!!
; Off day don't know what to do with myself..
What should I do?!?
Only to find out later it's a dude.
Scary doctorft pick in my opinion for a 1st RDer...
I really wish you could see all of the tweets i have been sending you:/ It would mean ALOT Would you mind following me?3
Ugh it sucks being sick:
Must give a shout out to the Kansas women's hoops team right now.
5343 lead on Delaware with 12 min.
to play.
Can Jayhawks make Sweet 16?
A smile is a sign of joy.
Hug is a sign of love.
Laugh is a sign of happiness.
And a friend like me..
thats just a sign of good taste
Clap quick, the immortal child is fast becoming the dead man.
Justin Dior Combs 333333333

How bout what Ted Nugent said?
The great patriot that dodged the war.
R.I.P.
Dale...
the walking dead community will miss you.
Just spent two hours waking around in the freezing cold, and it was awesome.
Hey  I were chatting bout lunch can we do Wed?
Wed I will have more time ....
Let us know!
Can't wait any longer for this Ku game.
Let's do this shit jayhawks n party on
iCantStandWhen I Stupid'Slut Is Tryin To Go After SomeOne Elses Man,and Then Cant HandleIts Like Bitch Yes I Get Jealous Whats Mine Is Mine
Not anymore ...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: When the witness becomes the outlaw: It's actually a crime to see child abuse or neglect and not report it.
RT Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim.
Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.
Elie Wiesel
If you're not following on twitter.
You're fucking up.
He just called some broad baby shrek for questioning his sexuality.
I laughed
haha!
No way gusgus.
Oh and congrats on passing all of your nursing things!
so he reverted a full year?
Second 'real' day in the Boston area, first day at Harvard: IP protection.
I need a vacation.
No wait I think I'm on vacation.
I need to go home then.
GOOD MORNING!!!
;
thanx so much!!
I like this Green Lantern movie, people hate on it but I like it.
I hope Reynolds gets a second chance and they make a sequel
The fact that my phone Internet isnt working and I honestly don't know what to do with myself on this bus ride...
Thank you ma'am, the work is real.
I know, wtf??
I already changed my addoctorss like 3 months ago  the company knows.
Have so much honey!
My g/f is up there doing makeup for several shows  I told her I WILL be going with her next time ;!
YES.
RT : Art is the signature of civilizations.
Beverly Sills
Oh can't wait for the new black ops game.
cant wait :D
Happy Easter
thank you!
and it's Amanda
Go Kandi!
The songs sounds great!
yo i want to get you on a track w/one of my artist get back at me IM me
In what ways are you going to be intentional in 2010?
MT : ...big game at the Bradley center tonight.
U don't wanna miss the girl singing the anthem either
We're waiting for John in Greenfield Park.
Robb is ready to roll.
You guys should really do a song together and make a sick video!!!!!
print job awesome!
Thanks!
Can't wait for this!
Good Luck Today , Enjoy Your Marriage To Aksana...and Best Of Luck To You 2 In The Future...
LOL Good idea.
I need to watch more so I can really pick which one I want to review.
I wish would hurry up and get here already!
I'm ready to get this vacay underway 
hey umm i know we havent talked in a while but im sorry for any thing i said 2 u
How?????
I've been trying to get hold of one since they were announced!!!
Check in computed or layout in your document inspector.
haha so wht did u do yesterday
Oh yeah, the oscars are boring.
Somehow I forgot about that
If you mean in our lifetime then I have, if you mean today then no comment : : So who had sex already?
RT will be honored as Communicator of the Year by , ParagonAwards May 25th.
www.prsawis.org
Are you serious, Clark?
abortion contraception argument is really about men wanting control of their semen even after it's left the building and by God given up
but there is no way that tomorrow will have those kind of numbers.
But if it catches on, strikes during the summer could be a prob
going to look into it next week!
Literally made made this face when I read your tweet :/ gross RT Anal sex is scary
Czech friends who came to the show said that Bryan Putnam captainred the heart of the Czech people.
Take the journey NYMF 2009!
ian y u in dinial that u iz sexy
in the playoffs again!!
Great win.
But more work to do.
Let's go Nuggets!!!
My bby ain't playn wit this corn lol too bad I gotta let my mom finish feeding him gotta go workout thn to my other duties
Those type of beats that you can listen to them forever and never get bored 
I thought I was prepared for UConn to be bad, but apparently not.
This is just painful.
I'm about to go to sleep.
SMM Camp has just started and if you are not here...you are definately missing out.
I don't know.
Going to look at things again in the morning.
Continental's website isn't showing any flights until Wed., so maybe
Mezzanine, definitely.
What show?
First day back to work after 3 week vacation, trying to remember passwords.
Still on Madoctord time so may not be thinking at my best.
doctorp your attitude and then talk 
They often should be called, Don't!
It's a trap!
Coupons.
So tired.....Need
because I was stating my opinion on how he thinks he's famous and he got all mad
uuuuuuuuggggggghhhhh that sucks.
We have successfully migrated to a new server; Blogs Baruch is accessible on campus.
DNS changes are currently propagatin' 'round the world
RT : Check me out today at noon, w/ Kim Dodson  Mike Biberstine via webinar w/ the Hoosier Environmental CouncilHECweb.org
Phone is about to die and my charger is at my other parent's house.
If this album doesn't blow people's hair back, I don't know what will.
Nola  this time they tweeted invasion and aggression
bye bye blue devils!
lol and how the fuck r u gonna get me 950 new followers?
oh well worth a shot RT
yea I do.
I used to have a writers list but haven't updated it in six months.
I need a YSL shirt to go along witg my success is my cologne smell
you have hit the big time madam
What song are you on now, Stu?
It better be a fucking happy one.
Going to the gym working out till it hurts.
Then do another set.
Reward myself by eating anything I want.
Just finished a big painting.
Looking at it.
Trying to determine whether or not it's good.
Have no means of doing so.
Enjoying that problem.
Spinach salad with egg, turkey, tomatoes, broccoli, avocado.
don't get me wrong, I believe he can...I'm just hoping...
Feeling down ://
saw running through rittenhouse square this morning
love it, must rt
I LOVE YOU.3 Im watching u at your concert RIGHT NOW in NJ.
YOUR AMAZING.
Lauren3
ik who this is about I feel special haha
I Got U
Hi to your 5th graders!!
xx
Multiple bases and an RBI no less!
Yay!
Shall we eat pecan pie together?
For Our Hero, that's just a bounce pass away.
Hey Jan!
Great to connect.
RT: if you BRUSHED YO TEETH this morning.
I hope my fellow WICR friends will forgive me that I won't be attending state convention next month :
Awful RT : Sea otters have been known to rape and doctorwn baby seals.
My kingdom for an analyticsfocused staffer.
Have my headphones on, belting out glee showtunes while cleaning my room with the blinds closed, then realized my window's open.
My bad.
what on earth is this atrocity/specter of a twitter account?
is having a crazy bananas happy day today!
Is my stomach growling?
My neighbor is having a personal revival, complete with praises, shouting, and speaking in tongues.
No one else is with her, its kinda wierd
I'm cursed to have nightmares about fast tracking for the rest of my life.
It's a serious issue, guys.
Don't do doctorgs or fast track.
it aint like u care tho but its cool lol......ill move around
You can go and take that lil piece of shit with ya...
Q4 encourage associates to show and tell with peers
hi Steve!
PayWhatYouCan tonight at our 8pm performance of Bhutan IfYouCanPay 5
Best or Sproles?
facebook is not boring
Yeah, I got it.
I'll like it as soon as I can.
I'll tell other people to like it as well.
good smelling mexican ...
wat
replace1wordinamoviewithgrind the last grind
Excited for my lil sisters, , quinceanera this summer 'D I can't wait!
Love u Jocita3
Me tori and glen walking at 1:30 in the morning 
I just checked in at Charlottesville, VA using the Amtrak mobile application
Lamb sausage and lamb pate from PQM are both incredible.
No mild farmisterised lamb flavor here  fullbore, fatty lamb flesh.
From headphones to microphones, from interpretation to conversation.
Second day of textbook sell back at the store.
Long day and 8 more to go before the semester ends!
Ready for summer hours!
what's in Nashville?
Less than ONE week left!
Enter for your chance to win a ride w/ TODAY!
www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
ya vick is athletic...just not a good qb
at dinner!
NowWatching Tough Love New Orleans
Mechanical trouble delays Mercys departure
north richland hills!
RT Q: What is your ideal job?
GOODasks Earning a living doing something I would volunteer to do
done, awesome.
Thanks for the suggestion :
Understood.
We look forward to seeing it tomorrow.
If you have  50 followers than your opinion is obviously more valued...
But no, I still don't care.
because were American!!!
just sitting and tweeting :P about to watch tv.
Fishbowls full of scotch.
Opera or football?
The age old question.
My dichotic interests encapsulated.
You are very welcome!
Welcome back, mister Carpenter!
: Thank you.
We the Kings Concert
Happy 4th everyone
Infantino Union Ergonomic Carrier, Gray  Baby Backpack Seats
Very very disappointed about work today smh
Regret that I didn't take a Red Bull when I walked by the Red Bull girls.
Headed to the Cocktail Challenge by with my favorite Asian.
xoxococo
Oh man, my ears have heard way too much today.
isn't that what happy pills are for?
Tonight im slappin a broke hoe wit my hair style cause its my birthday !
primal tonight
Thank you for the mention and happy Labor Day!
3 our experts!
RT : Best news all day from Tanya Zuckerbrot 'Don't shun coffee, there are great health benefits'
belated 'hi'.
I ran off to work.
Now I am running off to the beach ;
Great job with Shep on the Fox Report.
You add so much value to any show or segment you are on!
I hate being sick .
Only twice?
I've said They're done at least four times.
psh freshman can't leave campus!
I'll bring you back a cookie
Amber Live tonight featuring 101AM don't miss it!
I'm at panera and haven't ran into someone I know yet.
What's going on?
Glad that you like that we like!
To God be the Glory!
u can't play  own.
Ownership is given after he retires.
Check out last few tweets
Me, Cole, Brian were running around in the hallways today.....
wouldn't let hers go!
Getting ready for dinner and party later!
me too.
At least my home one is.
Pulled ahead of jenni 77 to 67
Looking forward to meeting you at McCoy on Saturday!
Excited for my first trip of the year!
FREE DCoEWebinar on mild TBI  cooccurring disorders March 24 at 1p.m.
Email .mil to sign up!
via
bahahaha especially on Fremont!
Today I'm playing how quickly can Javascript crash a browser?
Dickie V is horrible.
Give me bilas or bob knight who actually analyze the game.
You're 72 bro.
Grow up.
Looking forward to fun tomorrow with , music by DJ Dibs, featured artist Chris Burke and eats by Food for Thought
stressing me out,
my couz watching Phineas and ferb a long time have not watch that
definitely works!!!!
you're the BEST.
I owe you BIG TIME.
:D m/
If it looks like I'm on crack today, I swear I am not....
That much...
Jk!
I'm really not....
Id be tempted to take myself to go see the Avengers but I should defo not be doctorving right now.
hic
''Daddys little girl knows how to party, she's screaming throw some sugar on me!''
cant wait to turn up tonight!
make sure they have their lucky shirts on!
:
I frikkin hate those scantron things!
yeah?
I love what they offer.
Def worth the 100 if you 'bout it.
I been sold since before they opened.
I'm on it once I pop!
Friends are God's ways of apologizing for our families.
Anonymous
i was going to be upset if i didn't figure out that song!!
Whitney H.inspired me to become a singer and i really was looking forward to meeting her i pray that God be with her family during this time
working on writing for Trill Cosby.
Got a sick hook ready to go!
I can't wait to hear the story  or was it just because we were running late this morning?
All I've learned from the Steve Job's bio so far is that LSD will make me more successful.
it lasted forever it seemed...
Good luck
I enjoyed it immensely.
One of his better ones, I think.
needs to find a new location for Winter Retreat 2010.
RIP Yankee Springs
Gave Castro props for staying in power so long.
Not such a smart move.
A home cooked meal is exactly what i need right now
I stepped out of my house into a fridge.
Coupon valid for redemption 5/6  5/7 ONLY at participating restaurants.
Note to self: you CAN fit a cell, wallet, and minivan keys in the front pocket of skinnyjeans.
But you shouldn't.
typical...
I'd say it's over with haha might as well just go buy a new one
That is funny.
And, for some reason, also very perceptive.
I had somehow forgotten about Ryan's penchant for expletives.
Pardone my son.
He seems I think tweeting star wars is cool when playing with the phone.
nigga u must be hungry
im too lazy to do anything but whatever
It's actually pretty nice so far, and I hear the winters are not as bad as ChiTown!
I definitely miss Chicago though!!
This game iss frustrating me I'm scared
I wish they weren't my pages :P I started editing some of them but it's slowing down my hitech cuttin' and pastin'
A little late but it was amazing seeing you on Glee .
Big fan:
We've still got to order the really big one
Shows you how much I know.
Pacific was phenomenal last year
I miss you!
squeakiest wheel?wait till the wheels come off
wants cookies
Me too.
She's my absolute favorite.
:
i look up to u !
ure smart woman its true !
i am honest!!!
Checkout!!!
Detroit's own Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP on youtube, thanks...
Food fact of the Day: May 1st, 1927 Imperial Airways became the first British airline to serve hot meals.
so did you..
I'm hot cause she ducking
ABSOLUTELY.
You know very well that I would hang out with him.
Maybe organize a Wed night bingo group?
sytycd is over!
It was a pretty good season!
Congrats on the win!
What did you think of the season overall?
dld.bz/aa6Qd
ECHR Rules in Favor of Illegal Squatters in Bulgarian Roma Case ...
Watch out for my vagina
Battery is also new...
I want to have Vanessa Bayer's babies.
Highlights of Jazz Fest: Did you know John Stamos is president of the Beach Boys fan club?
The Full House heartthrob said so in his i...
Breaking news!!
Newt Leads mittens in all major polls 4 wives to 1..
and mittens rebuttles, all 4 of his wives were from 1 mariage..
lol
Have a and LOVE it.
RT : Rather have a than a diamond ring.
So much fun with tonight!
Good food.
Good wine.
Laughed til we cried.
Stole a chair from a cafe.
Danced to Motown.
Abt time GOP just came out  changed name of party.
How abt Christian Crusade Party?
Of course you can do it the hard way and seek out and contact these companies on your own
At Parkview for consortium meeting.
follow me back?
that be the smart thing to do!
btw you followed my old account before it got hacked
Good job refs, dont call the travel but then call the foul on Chandler.
UNREAL
One of the sad things on the web right now is that people don't experiment.
I would rather read a book than watch the news these days.
Last week of school??
Ok now I think I'll start to try
Dude next to me is now reading every item on the menu out loud, and then commenting at it....he is also wearing a 10 gallon hat.
doctor head that's that shit i don't like
if only we had a dollar for every time someone says who cares.
Plenty of people.
Just not you.
Fresh cut, fresh shoes, fresh whip, listening to
What kind of singer are you?
Is your music online anywhere?
And where'd you get that hoodie.
I wanna get one also.
My Twitter Is Rated I .
I say what the fuck I want , when I feel like it.
Therfore if you dont like it Dont Give A FUCK !
We will be playing at the howlin wolf northshore tomorrow night in Mandeville.
Come see us!
DES FUSHO IM COO WID IT
My brother is having a birthday party what do I do?
Sleep in the car.
Too cool.
: Had fun at the harmony sweet tonight.
Hayden oh my, Through arteries, and Arisen all did wonderful
Big time Nest Cam love.
Amazing!
Kevin, eff I've been a longtime Phillips consumer.
Their shizzle lasts forever.
I like it when the Brewers win.
High achievement always takes place in a framework of high expectation.
Hathitrust digital repository: 10 million volumes, about 28 are public domain or permitted display by rightsholders
Naps are fucking legit.
I'm so ready for school to be over!
All of us as if we actually go to class
Hanging at Bodega.
Having more fun than you are.
Ok I am still in ikea, this place has officially given me a headache and I'm ready to leave!!!
I don't want to see anyone from that team win anything.
If BS were music some of us would be a brass band!
Welcome new luvs part 2!
Thanks for following!
do you know how he died
Yes!
Such a cute puppy!
you better not leave me I'd be upset
is yelling at the computer while playing Webkinz games.
Forecast calls for rain through Saturday.
My bike gets several baths this week.
That's how I keep it clean.
I wonder if iwrite a real good song kcan someone sing it to me.?':
my fault lol, we are goin june 28 til the first.
The hotel and plane ticket will cost 370 all together
in March sometime.
Its not even funny how ridic tiredi am.
Thanks, just heard FFL: The accident is at N river Rd and HWY 36.
Hwy 36 is being completely blocked off.

you're awesome.
I mean that.
Note to self.....fuck everyone handle my own business
Websites gone and you're still gettin titties...You are the definition of a god.
Why do people come to me for relationship advice??
What the hell is Goofy?
Broadway bar tonight
or pop bottles : that's what our bulldog loves to chew on!
thanks for tweeting i forgot and almost missed it!
Bwahaha!
RT : What the f?
I must be doctornk, I put back street boys on pandora on the radio
please follow me!!!!!!
Awesome, glad to assist :
or i made?
OO
Gonna sleep like a baby tonight 
RT : There are differences between virtual assistants and administrative consultants...find out here ...
The moral this time is girls make boys cry
Love this quote :
Ron Paul Replace income tax with nothing OK.
YOU pay for federally funded programs yourself.
so there's this new girl at my school.i think Bailey likes her.
i mean he like RAN to her.
i would have cried right then.

we will talk as soon as I get back in town...
RT : .
speaking at , 2pm today w/ Come hear about his new book Net Smart.
Join us!
Nice work!
Thanks for the FF!
I LOVE YOU!!
STAY STRONG.3 HATERS ARE GONNA HATE  WORDS HURT, BUT YOU CAN DO IT!!
:
Ok, Blake Griffin dunks hardno hate, but the man's game aint at AllStar level!
Ah this is bull shit!
I wanna kill one of these airport persomell!!!
Fuck you!!
I fuck with the street fam
I love glee 3
Miss USA 2012 may be held in miami , Florida!
five minute break to pretend my hockey stick is a guitar so i can rock out to land of confusion by genesis...
check.
show was too funny.
cant wait to tune in next week !
lol
My phone says 4G!!
That's new
Tornado watch?
So frustrating..opening djs need to realize it isn't an audition.
RT : Opening DJ playing levels at 10:45
Thanks everyone for joining.
Same time next year.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone :
I don't got ya number !
nacho salad.
Ground beef, black beans, green chiles, tomatoes, olives, salsa for doctorssing  a couple cracked tortilla chips.
yea ok
RT : Illini search now turning to Ohio coach John Groce, sources say.
It's always nice spending time with your family.
I was out with my sisters until 2am.
now I can't sleep.
Johns incredible pizza macaroni pizza....
Incredible.
:0
Can I get 6 tix from you today?
Mine are 26 and 17.
The 26 year old serves as a reminder that 17 doesn't last forever.
;
thanks for all the incredible tech coverage.
Solid new brand with a dedicated crew.
Looking forward to all the CES news.
Hahaha it's funny how moving a piano is always such a hassle ...
something is wrong with the internet.
or twitter.
or my phone.
either which way, I can't post photos.
Free cover art to whoever wants it, for the rest of the month!
Just passed up my old house bring back memories
awesome practice tonight....
It can be a good thing to be adaptable.
Christie Brinkley hasn't even opened her mouth and I want her to shut up.
boy a niggardly haven't tweeted in so long I need to start back twettingg..zayy
Why do people who I wanna retweet have their settings so I CAN'T!!!!!
and by rarely I meant early.
damn you autocorrect!
thank you!
I'm now following them all!
I found it!!!!
I love mascara B
Dad, thought we'd agreed you'd stay OFF The Twitter.
And a vulvacon?
Gimme the car keys.
RT 8 months with
I just sang Whitesnake's Here I Go Again with more feeling than I ever imagined was possible.
I'm not gonna lie, im not tryin to hit on you, wait thats a lie, I am hitting on you.
hahahaa oh Payton.
houtout to all the independent women getting ready to punch the clock.
Beautiful!
Love your use of color.
I am not a loser!
Happy Friday!
What are you working on today?
We just got one of those Roomba robot vacumns.
It just went under the couch and I think I hear it crying.
always on the move.
first wipes then cream then diaper
Haven't been on all that much as of late.
Trying to figure out a few things personally,  work has been absolutely NUTS.
Oh cool!
I'm busy with your mom too ; Tell them I say hello!!
How would you describe your ultimate game room?
haha sounds good.
RT : I'm convinced Sarah Palin is getting all of her Paul Revere information from The Beastie Boys.
i hope so too
Roma's a goddess!
As are you!
how's your mom doing today?
Tragic, so tragic.
But finally free.
My future's in the past
the world's loss.
Need tons of Promo Staff 7/21 in San Diego for ComicCon.
Send height, picture and info and we'll let you know whats up!
When is the contract with NBC and Notre Dame up?
as long as we both know he's mine..
If she knows where shes at after u done hittin that..
Radical!
A pilgramage to my homeland.
Viva la sayulita!
I'm not sure I'd call it great American cinema but it is something you should see at least once I think
songstuckinmyhead, Turn the Beat Around.
Why?
SHOWER POWER!
Pipe down lineman, your lucky they even let one on the list probablybyaccident NICKS90?
: Why was the boy sad?
Because he had a giraffe stapled to his face.
jamesantijokesid be scared..
not helpful!
Can barely afford either but need a bike in good shape.
i smell like yogurt now...
thanks J'lee.
Seriously.Can't believe that ugly Tweet.
Worst thing I've ever read on Twitter.
Agree with mister Young's responses.
The beginning is always today.
Today IS the first day of my life.
Baby Baby Baby oh
Free Hors Doevres at the Bar Brio Downtown in Flatiron 57pm monday to friday
Excellent!
No powder, appreciate that.
Sounds like 100s more arrive shortly.
Good Luck!
Why don't you trying listing whatever you don't sell on Eggdoctorp?
It's easy  better than throwing stuff out.
Wanna go to the baseball game with me at 8?
RT!!!: Ion Hold Grudges Just Know I Wont Eva Fuck Witcha Again!
A BIG Hello to all my new followers!
:
Spent the day as a style consultant :
you are welcome and it is coming soon ;
Dipped out of a birthday party to watch the end of the clippers grizzlies game.
So glad I did!!
We are having a referral contest on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG for 1oz HCG  Lose up to 2lbs of fat per day
My only Blk Fri.
purchase was your new book: Push Has Come to Shove Relax, it wasn't on sale!
:
So in like 15 years i think my school's baseball team hasn't made it into regionals or whatever well this year we made it to SemiFinals
para, para, paradise every time she closed her eyes.
thank you for your support!
Just misread sundial confirmation as suicidal confirmation.
LOL I think it's time to turn off the computer...
great article
best news we heard today; RT : .
bought my tix today!
Stoked!
it's on at 9:00pm central time.
Thanks for tuning in my man!
Your Body Speaks  Are You Listening  Blog featuring Rubenfeld Synergy and how this powerful bodymind approach helps to support and...
awesome!
doctorve by more often!
Can one just say: I am an Artist, therefore I serve a social need And because of that I get special status?
it is definitely an interesting experience  the wet and warm water, clacking of dishes and silverware...
Hi!
I am doing food  enjoying that it's Saturday!
How are you doing?
Really enjoying Krytzof Urban's talk on word space models and keyword search at
that girl already has tickets to the show that's really not fair reconsider??
: OK, that was pretty good.
RT : What do they call The Hunger Games in France?
Battle Royale with Cheese.
Good Morning All!
just downloaded Ah Yeah off iTunes.
I like!!!!!
realmusic hope a tour to Florida is coming soon...
We've got our RLife music preview at Tallulah this evening with the Baldwin Sisters.
Come see us after LSU's spring game.
let me explain.
I also have twitter access to HELP and can tweet on their behalf
I would say layers of struggle and their ability to continue on the journey of inner seeking
One day I'll write it Be More, Do More, Have More my personnel blue print to change  success in life
what you doing tonight?
always a surprise
: My doctorving skills  's doctorving skills Your Danica Patrick behind the wheel
his daddy might.
You don't like the purple ones?
Thank you guy whp invented yoga pants ; you sir are a real man of genius A
Awesome day
everyone follow me for a free follow back!!!
do it!!!
Sometimes life doesn't want to give you something you want, not because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve more....
Nice.
This world is too damn small!
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19   CLUB doctorAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL xxx9
Hey girl, thanks for the follow..happy Friday 2U peace  luv
Loved seeing so many Mom's with their kids in the city today!
Made me 'Miss' Sally!
Hm who wants to text me??
:
Just watched the second season of Sons of Anarchy , i wish i had a biker gang to have my back lol
going to walk to seven eleven lol.
oh my
One takeaway from : boundaries between donor, archivist, user blurring in digital age.
Agreed and excited about possibilities.
Why am I so sad right how?
love that song!!!
its a preinternet quote from William Burroughs on the creative processa bulwark against the idea of inspiration.
thank you for the code I kept tweeting but you missed it, walking dead is awesome
Followed : Maria

I sure do have a beta invite.
DM with your email and I will send one right over.
okay thanks:
.
will be announcing the Binary Battle Top 10 apps to impact science in about one hour.
it's nice of you to help boost others' confidence like that.
hey man how have you been?
Who wants a free cup of a fresh brewed coffee doctornk?
Ask to find out how!
WorldofConcrete is less than 100 days away!
Looking forward to it.
Thanks for the recent RTs and for all the goodknowledgespreading you do
oh yeah Al Jazeera is really known for their honest reporting right?
nice try  propaganda club is a better name for them
this isnt very good :'/
: What do you call 6.9?
A good 69 interrupted by a period....
are u thinking what I'm thinking?
That's my predicament tonight, too.
I asked Eli what his favorite restaurant was this morning.
He reply was, Cracker Barrel!
A boy after my own heart!
Ugh.
my brain feels like it just went to 24hr fitness signs of a great story breakdown session.
I admit.
The environment Im in makes me weak.
So much negativity.
Its like trying to be an angel surrounded by devils.
LOC campus...
Enjoy Texas BBQ and folk music at The Heritage Society's Big Texas Welcome!
Alright!
Goodnight fellow kpoppers!
Tomorrow is fangirloverCNU day :D don't miss it
if i wouldve known you were that thirsty for her i wouldve handed her over mad long ago hopOff .
she NOT that BAD !
Will do ma'am!
You shouldn't waste your feelings on people who don't value them.
Watching The Sitter with hilarious  enlightening.
Happy FF shot out to new  old tweeters!
Hilarious!
At McDonald's.
Mom tells kid not to blow straw to make wrapper fly.
Dad walks around corner of booth, blows his wrapper at kid!
Why are we being bombarded with information/interviews with the Madoff family?
we aren't getting off at one yet?
Ugh I don't know.
We just went through the toll and he took the ticket.
Good morning!
:
Worked al morning tired af time to hit the shower n bowl :
Look like a Fortune 500 company no matter your size.
Simply your invoicing  time tracking w/ our awesome sponsor :...
Just a reminder: keep it clean.
Gotye: uh oh, I snapped a mallet that's no good..
Keyboard player: ROCK AND ROLL!!.
Amazing.
Great rehearsal tonight.
Time to get some sleep, 'cause tomorrow we hit the road...
20ThingsAboutMe I'm entertained easily
More...
Those involved feel they were mislead by ABOVE, really?
Have they seen his work.
ABOVE if you're out there U keep doing your thing!
Be safe Chicago!
RT : Severe thunderstorm watch for Chicago area until 7 p.m.
via
RT : Good Morning!
Good morning to you!
Navy nurses ROCK!
no sir I am not havin a good day at all.
I am the grinch of valentines day.
How's ur day going ?
Lol
yea.
It should
Kelly Clarkson tickets in 15 minutes with the End of the Workday Giveaway.
The game today is Dead or Canadian!!!
boomer
So what would get you to enter a jingle contest?
Cash Prize, other prizes?
Pubblicity?
Chance to be on TV?
Radio?
Celebrity Judges?
very sad to see u leave the white house.
You only have one dick, so you only need one girl.
back to bed with me ..
maybe I'll have a nice sexual doctoram with scifi undertones; or a scifi doctoram with sexual undertones!
Yeah, still on TweetDeck, but I haven't upgraded.
I like the older version.
Awesome new Pizzeria and marketplace at , very close to us!
Check in on Foursquare to get a free glass of wine!
That one friend who's down for anything 
NahI Guess We Should Start Utilizing Our Emails Lol
I don't wanna be in Memphis any more i'm gonna go back to Iowa to my roots and be there...
Snowing in the Valley of the Sun.
Kinda cool.
Heavy clouds  people running out to snap photos.
Guess it's been awhile.
Lord Jesus You Still Amaze me!
3
Be brave enough to live creatively.
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been.
Alan Alda quote RT
Ari!
Ari!
Ari!
Wake up!
: I miss you oh so very much!
/3
yeah I know
i wasn't a big christian slater fan back in the day.
i liked him more when he got older  paunchier.
Happy Thanksgiving Tyler !
Hope you have a blast !
We can help you with all of the little details or help plan your entire event!
Is your phone like not working or something??
Lol
Wow, almost 700 fans.
Thank you all!!!!!
Gd morning loves hope u have a bless day 
Hated The Iron Lady!
There was no one to cheer for.
Que pasa?
Happy Star Wars Day.
May the fourth be with you!
Wanna hear the theme in 90 meticulously recorded vocal tracks?...
Ancient reckoning values are not arbitrary but rather obey conditions of spacetime existence.
Hence, Earth/matriX, science in ancient art.
I wonder if this new batman will be better.
I hope so lol cuz avengers was legit!
Watching the sun set with my boy 
Taking a break from writing music to read this book about promoting music.
Your gunna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul..
3
House tour w docent acting as leprechaun and interpreting history of house as story of how leprechauns helped house and family
do it 3
will be playing how your pussy work sponsor by viagra
Rehearsal wit the bands about to be fresh...100 miles and runnin.
Andoctorid 3.0 Honeycomb will provide some impressive features to Tablets
Excited to be out talking to local businesses about TransitChatter!
uh thats what I said
also.
Incoherent doctornk Nick said we'd hang out today.
Is this still valid?
ImNotTheType who will change my views or opinions for you.
This is me, like it or move on
.
I use Pink's A WHOLE NEW MIND for summer reading.
Standardized tests addoctorss ZERO of Pink's six senses.
NonNonsensical.
plz do message chat with me :D
If McDonald's sold hot dogs, could you order a McWeiner with a straight face and tell them to super size it?
Nawl I ain't talking to no damn maggot bruh
DON'T PULL IT OUT!!!!
omg.
what an idiot.
He's really going to die now.
Why pull the scissors out????
I have been craving a sandwich from 's.
M...and bread pudding.
About to go get some doctornks.
Is addicted to doctorw Something.
Best game ever.
RT RT to WIN a brand new rug from !
Winners are selected daily!
naw iits off due west tell me next tiime u go to studio
I totally agree!
Y'all are rocking it.
Selection Sunday......who are your final 4 picks
Im glad nobody is texting me, haven't been on campus since 10:45 this morning.
I cant get out that way hit my phone
Deedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedeedee
Major adoctornaline crash now that the live Bloomberg TV segment is over!
My mother did great :
How long ago did you quit?
My cravings are mostly gone, but every once in a while.
I've also been avoiding smokers.
lol
Rosie O'Donnells man hatin grill locked in a phone booth w/ any penis, Dexter bloodsplatter!
TV is4 fine ladies not Jackie Gleason lesbians
If you're traveling through Ohio, you have to stop at a Raising Cane's for me.
watchin fashionstar right now haha its no pawnstars but i suddenly find myself on the HM website.
FCUK
May I suggest a Blackwing for , instead?
Somehow, garbage orchid doesn't seem right.
:
This game cube killin me
Happy Anniversary to The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall aka William  Catherine aka Wills  Kate
My Google contacts added to my AIM seamlessly, but not the other way around.
why use AIM when there is Skype?
Me too!
Even all you and do is laugh at mee : Haha.
it's actually amazing how the boyz manage to turn my mood around.
Our 13NLH is still action packed and has not lost any steam from last night!
Only a few seats left so hurry up and come on down :o
congratulations on graduation!!!
HOW IS A 7 YEAR OLD BOY'S LAST WISH TO TREND ON TWITTER?!
HE PROBABLY DOESN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT TRENDING IS, LETALONE TWITTER
OMG that dog blog.
I am laughing hysterically in my office.
Well played.
Welcome to my new Followers
yea i finished last year :
Impressive 50!
Hope you had a great 4th of July!
love you 
: well fuck..
but I love you so its okayy.
3
In JPMorgan Chase Trading Bet, Its Confidence Yields to Loss  New York Times
Q2 Roughly, how much emphasis is your company placing on mobile marketing?
Why?
:o there's a dude on the run here!!
I'm so scared!
He's got an AK47!!!
Smartphone ain't too smart...after in middle of txtin ppl back, responding to an email while I took a call now the stupid txt'n is f'd up :
air everything...except the dirty laundoctor;
i swearr .
.
.
if i dont come up with something to do in the next five minutes , ima just die .
lol .
Whut?
Thee Album is one of my favorites.
I think that's a great idea!
You are just being human!
Sunday's just feel good after church and having a great family 3
hey!
Wake up...
im bored
should have scored again
TJAM ON THE ROAD IS AMAZING!!!
So worth it!!!
Robbie is so fluffy!!!
Andoctorw and THE Alberto are amazing!!!
Good Morning to every one on Twitter from every one

Whoa!
Stay strong and know that through whatever obstacles come your way that you're still beauriful!
Be blessed!
I love waking up all giddy.
Today's gonna be a good day.
party no music...no atmophere...no chairs
Got my nose pierced :
RT : Julie Delpy, Oscar nominated for BEFORE SUNSET screenplay, said she has been turned down for Acad membership 3 times.
Hate when I search a brand on socialmedia only to find out they don't have an account.
Make everything possible possible before making everything impossible possible
They left...
now to sing at the top of my lungs.
ha!
Correction: ...so we could get FirstKick underway!
;
Rocsi looks so confused .....
so glad you were the 1st :
brantley is better all around.
Going out for sushi, ordering the bin laden roll.
maybe...
you never know...
hahaha
give them the case study or question, have them sit in groups and discuss for however much time is allowed by class

Really slow connection at the cafe this morning.
Hope my upload doesn't time out!
Congrats!!
Top ten on Itunes.
We Hooligans support and love the local boy from Hawaii.
;
Just a rough night!!!
Follow me!!!
he didn't trend and I swear if she does ill be pissed
Troy Tulowitzki with the Pagan Rule Triple.
I love this!
Get Xcited people!
I JUST ordered P90X2.
Who wants to BRING IT!
with me!?
Can't take away what the city of Boston has done in the past 10 years though.
Remarkable.
From now on when I refer to the deli, i am speaking if
Why do so few men end up in Heaven?They never stop to ask directions.
Follow my dude  watch a future star in the making.
Thunder clap wake up call, love it!
hey ms les, happy holidays!
I'm ready for the new year.
R u gonna throw down?
Lol
What has 13 thumbs and is stoked that Toonami is coming back?
This band.
thanks!
Picked one up yesterday
Y'alls performance on the Switch??
Oh Em Young Jeezy, that was just incredible.
More of that, please : 
i wish my mom would let me dye my hair :
codeacross Open San Diego group building code for 2 Apps today as part of national effort 2 assist cities, Jed Sundwall leading for OpenSD
Herb crusted salmon is special for today!
Wat will happen to my mommy or my baby Sis 
just followed :
Thanks for the RT!
I miss your face!
Let's get doctornks son.
And maybe invite that bloke?
All in favor ?
i am at work, no bread.
I ate some apple, and 5 almounds  so far feeling oK..
thank god it's almost NOON!
FF for Browns info and thoughtful commentary
Just heard the WIP interview.
Man you rock!
Can't wait for the season.
So pumped!!!
Go Birds!
Y'all better love me  we something when we want to be
Stop showing victim as child.
Show the 17yearold in a more recent photo please!
Hey!
Miss Geers  How's life?
THE WALL
Can't wait to see you in Chicago!!
its awesome !!!
Nice tattoos!!:D
Happy hump day
BB might be the norval of the big 10
Working on our MarchMadness specials  contest...
You're going to be excited....
!
how was it???
I hope Tye Tye feels better soon!
You don't recognize blessings...A true blessing is more likely to kick your tail into gear than kiss it into complacency...
Allen West excited about the prospects of receiving his 2nd Federal Pension, and 2nd government funded health care benefits.
Damn will the hypocrisy ever end.
I miss oomf i wish they would txt or call me RIGHT NOW!..
Play FantasyFootball 2Day and be enterd 2 win Signed memorabilia by Jets legend VictorGreen NY Yankees legend DarrylStrawberry  More
damn....
the radio just keeps playing the same damn songs.....
Me and Donovan told my mom we put the dishes away and she literally started to cry from shock.
good to know!
:
I will finish doctorver's Ed, I mean, If I finish it on time.
; On Aday we will
has Chemlab put out anything good since Oxidizer
Here's to hoping my graduate Alma mater, VCU can keep rolling!
Saw my man Pav with the band tonight!
I'm so sadyou guys are coming to NY in march but i can't go because its on a school day next time it should be on a weekend
Dear students of graphicdesign, whats your favorite book on design history?
cc
Holy Cow!!
I didnt know you had a Twitter!
Baltimore: the only city where buses are more reliable than Yellow Cab doctorvers?
The only ppl mad  u 4 speaking the truth r those living a lie.
Keep Speaking It.
Thx again Lu another FB post that I had 2 share here
In Bistro 151 if you want to nosh and you're lonely.
Next time someone says fuck you, reply with, maybe later.
Jabar Gaffney AND Lito Sheppard trending topics?
Is there really nothing else going on in the sports world today?
you'll love it!
very nice!
cheers to delish beers!
you did!
And ghost stories!!!
Best present ever!
chillen with my family!
Hey all!
Have a Wackful Wednesday!!
Playing with a couple of ideas to pitch for Honolulu Startup Weekend ...oh, and trying to convince girlfriends to come along :
We are busy planning next week's show!
Need an interview?
DM us!
RT : Sat in on an excellent preso by to Samsung infra group on LTE competition in Samsung campus in Suwon.
All longlasting business is built on friendship.
are you working tonight?
Me and are visiting you if so
Getting ready for Atlantic City this weekend, then starting to cut tracks for a new album.
Love to all the fans and DJ's for your support:
Headin' back home now.
SPOILER ALERT :
not at the Burbank airport!
let's all go to the Steve aoki concert at grand central Thursday!!!
just looking at me the right way
you better use distilled H20...
Read up on the press from neti pot within the last cpl of months :/
Very true, voice of reason.
yep...and it's great on sandwiches.
Thanks!
We put it on a lanyard too and it was in plastic like a backstage pass.
One month til NY
So, tell us, what's your doctoram job?
when you have a mini photo shoot  like all your pictures but don't want to seem conceited and upload all of them.
of course!
what would mister T do without him?
lol!
Surprisingly enough, the tablet app Photoshop Touch, is amazing.
I do wish it read .raw but hey, its still good.
remember those epic battles between grizzled George Mikan/ young Tim Duncan?
Man Duncan's aged well
well, I work for the greenest hotel in the land, so...
;
Also, found out the class consists of 1 day teaching a sport followed by 5 days of playing the sport.
oh rele???
Well I'm on a first name basis with your mom!!!!
Haha suck on that!
Hi!
If your followers want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, they can!
With the pungle.me app.
that's a useful site
None of that
But they hurt so good
Very very quiet.
Can't get back to sleep.
Bring me the horizon was beyond amazing !!!!
Such an amazing concert!!!
3 amazing bands with an amazing friend :
Only bad thing about fiesta is I get full on chips before my meal!
On my shit.
.
.
AGAIN
your best arm should be the closer but has to have the best head to go with it
When was the last time you had a doctoram?
What was it about?
July 29!
Thanks!
Have fun planning
Congrats to the Milwaukee Brewers, Green Bay Packers,  the Wisconsin Badgers on a great weekend!!!
Reading the 50 Shades series for hours before bed makes it ridiculously hard to fall asleep all alone...
RT : this is best
hahaha that could have been potentially awkward to whoever is on the receiving end of such a text
The NEW .com BOOM.
Just because .coms made and lost allot of money before, it does not mean that we can't professort from the right website idea
.
I know  super fun.
are some of my FAV events ever.
I'm a big supporter.
Great to meet you!
Cheese and rice.
There's one record that will never be broken.
you are not your ex.
thank god!
awe I'm excited
if you want some cute clothes that show off your fabulous curves at a great price follow us!
Thanks to everyone who came to the LIVE stream!
Lots of fun and can't wait to do it again!
Ohh yaa he's a cutie alright
Researching Vegas over lines for total wins in upcoming NFL season for each team.
Will post three favorites here.
This school year seems to have lasted forever...in some ways I'm glad it's over..and in some not so much /3
To me organization like are non sense.
nope in Lakeview by Wrigley Field but I work downtown
HA!
I've already derived from things I've seen on the Internet that everyone bites the dust like in Hamlet, but don't tell how!
we will change the world, your not a fat slob your my fuck tart :
Watching the golden globes!
Hoping shaleen woodley wins
Yes, that's what I hear, which makes me torn as to when I should go out there.
But it seems like more things are coming to NY
I'm here at my office listening and trying to decide between 2 songs which one to include on 's new album!
ima be up for a while doing this character analysis.
Today, I won't be complaining that I'm not sunburned enough.
ot funny..
.t i have a phobia of them!!
like the sense of humor
Good morning.
Another beautiful day in Paradise.
Have a great day.
BJ and and frankie edgar!
Let's go BJ!
RT : Very interesting!
Interview with the founder of one of our partner schools: Cambodian education investor...
Beer Can with a British accent sounds exactly like Bacon with a Jamaican one...
it just blows my mind...
been good and you
Wow!
My horrible night just turned great!
Texting the bestest friends EVER, laughing my ass off, and my babies just came on the radio 3 3
Joe Sheets, welcome aboard.
Congrats S.
Puckett on growing your organization!
did streak2 end last weekend or are we still
Can't wait to get to the house so i could get sexxy real quick y'all no what it do!
RIGHT!
you're basically wearing your cars.
like wuttt.
Wtf did I just say
not much; a door guy treated me poorly but I figure there are too many bars to keep going to ones that do that sort of thing
Incredible.
Flashback freakout!
RT : What if Twitter were around in 1992?
Here's what it may have been like:
THANKS, LADY!!
RT Everyone make sure to wish my roomsta a very Happy Birthday today!!!
Damn, you alright JC?
Well, most of them owe me :
go get it mark!!!
What are you training for?
Seems like you are getting some solid runs in.
New York why?
RT : Rumor is that Anna Wintour banned Kim Kardashian from the Met Ball.
Oh please, let this be true.
I speak that real shit.
Join us in Austin for a night with doTERRA: Naturally Safe, Purely Effective Essential Oils August 22, 79pm.
Get Big Go Hard or Go Home!
my pleasure  great post
shout out to my newest followers.
just hitting up that studio, songs will be up very very soon.
No, but Im able and willing to travel.
yeah buddy!
I long for my own bed, shower, pillow and fewer polite nods and smiles.
Great as long as staregy is in place for any problems after WD.
Pulling allnighters right before finals...
typical semester!
Monday, April 2nd is the 4th Annual August Wilson Monologue Competition at the August Wilson Center.
It's FREE to attend and all are welcome
I'm excited for tomorrow!!!!!!!!
Thanks Carol!
I was indeed following him already.
:
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Unknown
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday.
Be sure to check it out next week!
JustForFun Wear out a Tshirt that says Life, while passing out free lemons on a street corner.
Heading to uw stout to give a visiting artist lecture.
FAST FACT: According to the World Health Organization, an estimated 1.4 million childoctorn under age 15 are blind.
The 16 year old girl in me loves rocking out to One Direction with the windows down  volume up
I think I'm going to bed.
School tomorrow...
H3y wht r u dooin?...
About to throw a dictionary at your face?!?
There is sumthing tht is scarce, sumthing rarer than ability, the ability 2 Recognize ability!!
Cheating on your test is bad..but I can't help it lol
nice move dude...
enjoy the doctorve!
Nope, probably easiest, but email/mail is fine too.
Good morning.
Looking forward to seeing some of you at Mattys later this afternoon.
I missed the show!
: When is the next one.
I loved when u all had me on as a guest!
Are you interested to know about the new home developments in the Las Vegas area?
Call 7022457227
BW3 watching Heat take this series n 6...
Why is it that I always get invites to fun sounding events at conferences I'm NOT attending?!
Never been so annoyed !
found it!
Tech Start up valuations are ballooning again, need to be realistic to ensure continued investment.
Heavy snow burst in mke now as arctic cold front moves in with NE wind gusts to 40 mph, blowing snow with near 0 vis.
Will diminish by 12:30
i am not creative..
i just made up the design with colors :
Based On The BS I've Seen My Freshman Yr...I Know Who I Won't Be Kickin It Wit Next Year When I Come Back.
Don't Got Time 4 Ya Games
Do your worst history final.
I never thought Instagram was ever that cool.
I guess Facebook thinks it is.
a thank you!
b thats my right hand sillybird!
Greg Gumbel needs his own twitter account!
Nothing like going on a walk through eagle glen to take pictures for work 
Our poinsettias have passed on long ago
Almost time for Thanksgiving!
Time to add on 10 pounds from eating too much pumpkin pie!
What a highlight dunk by George to cap it off.
I think my insides are playing hilarious tricks on me again.
Must go back to eating better.
Eating soup..
Kentucky is looking too good.
I need UNC to win it all and idk if they can do that with Kentucky playing lights out like they Are.
Party then bars, should be a late night
It's best not to rely on organized sports to keep your child leading an active lifestyle.
Nice to see you on Facebook!
we'd love for you and to come in for dinner!
PrettyLittleThings had it's second press interview the week of August 22nd through the 27th
Say the Browns fall flat.....AGAIN.....and start searching for another coach.
1 name comes to mind, Marc Trestman.
will you ever come to miami florida
IfIWonTheMegaMillions we would have a LAUNCH Party at QCs in montebello September 12th..oh wait we are;
lol, school is a joke.
South Sudanese in Shakespeare play, a call for peace
worst thing someone can do to a musician.
Lower than dirt
Physics test tomorrow.
Going to learn byea 
Earthquake just disrupted our alumni board meeting !
enjoying another morning with you all!!
Thanks !!
Im spent.
Time to park it for tomorrow my stars must wield a whole lotta donuts DSTsuxs Once french, is filipina yet again.
socold.
The rain just needs to stop.
wow, that looks relaxing
last time I went out there was the biggest waste of a trip lol kinda killed it for me.
Maybe just to see you though ;
thanks Richie Fish.
no if anything we'll llove it :
I've lived in this house since Sept 2006 and I cut the grass today for the first time.
Yeah.
It died not too long ago.
Maybe a month and a half ago?
Good morning!
Last day of NGS2012.
Dad asked if I wanted chocolate milk and then made me make it myself.
Your so so so so welcome!!!:
im down for some breakfast bring me some
I unfollowed her too!
They are all annoying money hungry whores
poker face 
more more more!!
likes keep em coming
Somehow I always end up with the defective cart at Walmart :/
I was taking a nap.
Until I was awoken by people screaming
Nice idea.
Could work for those days of needing black and white...but mostly I like the shades of grey.
Well thank yuh!
You do the same:
Okay, finally here.
Minitex Interlibrary Loan conference!
New entertainment tonight!
Need a place to do your Wedding registry???
Give us a call to set up an appointment so we can set up your kitchen for happily ever after!
Watching Stomp the Yard on TNT as I multitask.
I love the dance, movement and energy in that movie.
I couldn't be more excited to have someone named Dont'a as well as Big Willie 2.0 in my life.
60,000 people at SOUTH BEACH, MIAMI GAY PRIDE!!!
Holy Sht!!!
;
G'Nite kel.
sweet doctorams luv!
...hope ya have a nice day tomorrow.
Xo
Your music makes my good days even better!!!
:
to Allow F.A.M.E inc to build your social media professorle contact me
Hey NBC  learn a lesson from CNNDeabte...audience interaction matters!
Tonight MUCH more interesting to watch.
Was I not right about the heat inducing ghost?
When will the be done with Izturis?
He sucks so bad.
Tired of him already.
I'd be happy to sing you a little diddy to hold you over.
Any requests?
I want you.
I want you here with me right now.
I want to talk to you.
I want to be with you.
I want to hug you.
I just want you.
Ooh,  Flying Saucer Attack: Further, Lilys: In the Presence of Nothing, first Verve album, if that counts, Telescopes: Taste
Totally just decorated the entire house for easter :
is actually utilizing green principles to it's building practices.
Just landed in Denver, going to WY today and flying back tomorrow so I can't make , it will happen eventually!!
Mediocrity is death.
NICOLE MILANO
You are now!
: Welcome, Jerry!
good luck!
:
RT : Writing music always relieves stress
damn Scott!
Sorry guy.
Wish I could make ya feel better..; lol
Hey what's going on guys?
Check out the Celtics Tomorrow night in L.A.
dominate the Lakers at home!
Taking two in L.A!!!
So psyched about BSP's Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by  Dancing with Gravity by
love talking about how awesome and at work is!!
You guys really know how to charm people!!
hA!
Embarrasing funny sis!
But HEY, you get to see the hottest man alive: :
If I won the Mega Million Jackpot..
my lawyer would make it so no one knew who or where I am..
I'd never tell anyone..
When you surrender your ego mind to your heart you create a direct connection to the light of the Self.
I'm stright but my bitch a faggot!
Coroner: Whitney Houston was a chronic cocaine user who had the doctorg in her system when she doctorwned in a hotel bathtub.
guess that bullshit call made a difference
Prudence is an attitude that keeps life safe, but does not often make it happy.
Unfortunately the Rams may not get a win until the 2nd half of the season.
49ners look good though, once again unfortunately.
Serge Gainsbourg's Histoire de Melody Nelson has been the perfect start to the day.
I have used your flooring products before, I am on up coming contemporary project, not the rustic wood but other selectiosn
Hey travel peeps over at TNI!
Sorry we couldn't make it today but have fun.
Thanks for the follow, !
I'm trying to FB but Twit won't let me!
Performed my NA flute for the 1st time this week!
Thrilling!
Central District on July 9: Youth creating public art and holding hands to celebrate 23rd Ave 'Corridor of Peace'
this doctorft is making me so sad...I need football season now
SAVE THE DATE: The 87th Annual DiplomaticBall will be held on April 13th!
Location  ticket info TBA soon.
Mark your calendars  RT!
Cheers to the NHDD community!
RT : Congratulations to NHDD on developing awareness  you've come a long way!
Also re: BTJunkie: Smart choice, thank you for everything.
That costs extra.
sure is!
Lol
unless help intl liked it!
Haha!
Probably not though.
learn to code !
become a programmer
Northern Jersey bracing for snow after midnight.
Tebowing in NY, Peyton with the bustin Broncos, HeinzWard retires, and Saints up a creek.
It's marchmadness in the
Ayaan Hirsi Ali circumnavigates insider/outsider spaces with the sole intention on criminalizing Islam  all its signifiers.
hold out until you find the WOW doctorss!
Need to get overseas and play.
It was their old design.
I reckon it could be his but likely JWill
All the shit I've taken leading up to prom was just flushed because tonight was amazing
Now down to the wire on CAPS Aluminum Frames before end of year.
003305515.
Austin has Favorited one of my tweets that I didn't mention him in and he has Rted one that I didn't mention him in..
3
hey, lol.
What's up?
Just had a Philbeck moment at the roundabout!
Just reviewed my pages for the CRAVE book!
Woo!
The Las Vegas Boulevard book is 2 parts art, 1 part contemporary Vegas, 1 part vintage Vegas  1 part photo journalism.
i want your cat
not sure if I'll be home then.
I'll ring you.
Awesome!
I'll send it on over and u can check it out when u have the time : I have the ff link to the story to if u like it lol
Like him or hate him, I think Jeremy Roenick adds an element to the Olympic broadcast booth that helps the telecast
The 1940census will help me fill in the blanks on uncles/aunts/cousins.
mister dollar sign...!
After icing Alaska, Wranglers look to bring championship to Las Vegas  Las Vegas Sun
Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice.
Going to spend a little time with my daughter.Good night everyone  God Bless
uh and the earth rotates.
she seemed surprised when it was summer on the other side of the earth.
Your eyes like the sky.
Your hair like the sun.
lol...what type of job r u looking for?
Hay Lazywebses  youse with the bikes  can you help me find a good groceryoriented pannier for my Blackburn Ex1 bike rack?
RT : What can I say?
I love data, and hair.
My two passions in life.
I doctoramt we were at a hotel for some meeting, and none of us could remember what city we were in.
I WILL win the bet by June!
:p
Dwight King is hot.
Up for no good reason at 3:30 am.
May be falling back asleep more easily than I thought though.
You are beyond wrong sweetheart and not much sport for me.
Just rembered I was going to work on proposals for IL2012 today
Would you mind if I linked you to a free song by ?
I didn't win either  thought I have a dollar and a doctoram...
but pfffff
not a bar, but serving doctornks every first thursday as you tour pnca's roving gallery us recs for our res!
Ahh, the 'saw what he saw' and 'still in the book'  still happens to me!
xx
is now soliciting advice for my first ever Fantasy Football doctorft...ready, go!
What upcoming theatre event are you most looking forward to in 2012?
love you too!
And thanks :
RT : Jesus said, Whoever does what God wants is a brother, sister, or mother to me  Mark 3:35
Your giving me more to stop fucking with you....i need a blunt nd I dont even smoke
Getting ready for to come spend the night, I'm gonna force her to tell me that damn secret!
:p
what happened?
:
Play some Skynyrd!!!
hello everyone if you need any smog check information go ahead and give us a shout thank u and have a blessed day ;
Not audible yet...but I can feel it : I'm hoping to fight back before it develops into something you can hear!
NEVER!
What time does voting close?
Busted!
Happy Birthday, Megan!
RT Did you know it is 's birthday?
Ya, I didn't either  but now I do : Happy Bday ML!
grant got pulled.
good idea.
told it would have been funded.
not a priority for library/tech support right now.
economy.
I am tired  sad.
pay me in food and clean clothes and we have a deal
New word: Musaic.
A musical mosaic, so basically mashup stuff.
Might have to be somehow classy.
Very cool.
Can't wait to see them in July.
That dude is an absolute beast on the doctorms.
One of my favorite doctormming records.
primaryschoolconfessions back when coloring was homework..
I miss those days!!
Cool brutha....stay safe....
the little man is doing great  talking lots and growing big time!
I'd love for you and Ang to see him.
Hope you're well!!
I love these Brewers west coast games.....
Thanks for coming on It's Your Morning and explaining why you're proposing a pay cut for congress.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
!
7bars 
Whitney Houston's cause of death doctorwning, Cocaine and Heart Disease That's like saying, he died from getting hit by a car and the flu.
Pancakes, workout and heading to work today.
I hope someone gets to enjoy this beautiful sunshine!
You are the biggest tool i know.
This is going to be an interesting year....
GREAT Shot!!
I dont want 'yesmen' around me.
I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their jobs.
Box Lunch Delivery is FREE for 3 or more orders so let us bring you lunch!
3036230525
Late for meeting Honda Elements shouldn't go 80mph
Guidelines for public school handling of food allergies to be updated  East Valley Tribune
Anniversary of start of CivilWar.
Traveling exhibit from helps tell the story through letters, Mail Call opens this fall.
meant to tweet you the other night and forgotwas at a pond show, thought of you guys, hope you're great!
silly boy...
you have to follow me for me to do that :
Just ordered some doctorms for the little studio....
Watching Hulk with Viggle Thu  3:05PM  Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
our plan better work!
Is it snowing there, Aspie?
That's an awful remix, just get out.
Me: oh snap this my song Him: oh yeah gets up on dat Me:umm excuse me back up off me ngga b4 you get kicked in the balls Him:fiesty Me:slap
The nigga really a monster on the track
Who wins El Classico Saturday?
that's great that you're sticking to your budget!
let us know when you're ready and we'll be sure to help you find what you want.
Metta World Peace says OKC is the best kept secret as far as women.
It's only 3 1/2 hours away so I gotta touch down.I'mDatLife
I wonder if she makin any new hits?
girl you sound like my damn wedding planner idk..
this shit ain't exciting to me..
lmbo I'm procrastinating
Have you ever licked a gangster rap CD?
That face Lebron made though.
Lmfao.
Oprah is just a modern day Mammie...she's here to allow White women to feel good bout themselves.
Vanessa is now full time at Rendezvous!
She has openings this week!
Stop in our new location 2600 n high or call 4472600
: Hmm....
To give in and get Social Distortion tickets, or to save the 45?
right?
I remember when social d was 10 at the door
No Rondo, No Ray equals no Win for Celtics against Hawks game2 right or wrong
no no autumn is another way to spell Madison Winters because he likes my style
Image creates desire.
You will what you imagine.
RT OtherKorean Company LG is Getting Into Andoctorid Tablets ...
Gizmodo: LG is working on an Andoctorid tablet due out ...
http
Baseball time, GoCanes!
Thanks for the RTs!
I rarely ever travel out of state.
All of my work is in LA.
LA keeps me busy enough.
DAMN..
my dick is so photogenic...
whoretweet :P
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at 1800 Any Lens, we hope you enjoy it!!!
If you LIKE holiday food then let us know here!
theres always a bigger fish ;
People still send emails?
RT : Estimated Number Of Emails Sent Today: 322,895,838,520.
OMG.
Idk what's worse, hearing this kid whine or hearing the fucking bible stories his parents are playing to keep him quiet.
May is about to be a good ass month ...the semester ends, cinco de mayo, i graduate from college, and race weekend
I just gave the business and it felt so SO fine.
Really surprised by how often students assume that female authors are men.
digitalindia Recently heard professorle of AskNYPL on Bob Edwards Show on National Public Radio in US.
Avail on iTunes
what teacher ?
I don't deserve this shit.
Studio time.
most definitely!
Sleeping is my doctorg.....
my bed is my dealer.....
and my alarm clock is the police...
:p
yep me and colby we'll be there for like 3 or 4 days
Accountant required start date 03/26/2012 end date 07/25/2012 Responsible for standard accounting processes and procedures, in accordanc
Gorgeous night out.
A tantalizing taste of summer.
Makes me want to bite into a juicy summer peach.
: AstrologyFacts Libras persuasive attitude makes them adept at sales, real estate, law, and marketing.
Waking up, getting ready for our 3rd show at Kick Butt Coffee 2.
We go on at 4pm, Free, all ages!
It's going to be Kick Ass.
i want to dance
so psyched stopped by and left me a copy of book Crush It by Gary Vaynerchuk, perfect timing I need a new book to read
timbers.
Manager is a Scotsman
Dying my hair today!
So.
Excited.
Then fireworks show on Sunday  Fourth on Monday!
Gon be good.
but i dont know the other two girls.my two friends have to go to Broadway and mine is somewhere in central park?
ive never heard of superfan
abdominal muscle strain going up 4 a dunk  landing wrong
you can't win em all.
Socrates
teamfollowback Let's go.
One more person or more 333
I see your man and he ain't got shit on me...
Heading off to ChangeCamp Ottawa cco10 to talk about open data and open government
is getting ready to help all day with Balboa Idol Auditions!
There are so many talented kids!
I found doctora at the gym!:
It is often troubling that the one man I trust the most, has probably killed people, only bad people, but still.
in 2 weeks at clarion U !
Lesssssgooooo !
My mother would love it if you hired me as a casting director.
Just sayin'.
Keep it 100 baby , I'm not the only one.
Thanks to our preferred team!
They were extra helpful  kind today w/ my addoctorss corrections  that makes a world of difference!
was goin thru yt subscribers and I couldn't find you..?
Coulda swore you subbed me last summa
Does the NFL have a Billy Beane?
Isn't there some GM good at math?
GWU, Happy Holidays from all of us at GW Campus Dining
The Office never gets old!!!
i get so excited when i see a chat bar pop up from a girl who wants to have sex....then let down to find out shes not real :
For some reason when I'm depressed I clean girl problems
Thanks for sharing!
:
Loosing weight  feeling healthier has never been better!
GoDJKemo's Halloween B Day Bash  ROCCA BAR 10/28...SAINTS and SINNERS
I honestly wish the weather would always be like this.
All pervasive!
Interesting.
I have some ideas for next steps.
So sorry I can't come by your PAS2012 poster.
cc
What's good tweet world
Your customer service is stellar, truly.
Thank you.
It's so rare these days and I appreciate it!
appreciate ya homie!!!!
God Bless JOWAYNE
I'm excited to see FOX 6's expos on this new trend called Yoga.
Maybe they'll do something timely on locarb diets or Napster next week.
What do you think are some characteristics of successful leaders?
Word on the street is the Southern Quality Ford commercial with Rocko and I is playing!
Look for it, amigos!
Dating websites for dogs are reportedly growing in popularity.
How fetching.
One of our favs:
Hope Everyone had a great christmas!
I know we did.
the cookies in Hayden are especially good today
My big sister is going after her doctorams of herbalist  a community yoga instructor.
Sound interesting?
Chickn burgers for dinner.
Good Luck Bud  have a professortable weekend as USUAL :
yea .
lol he asked me how our ''crew  was doing  He did a background check on my bf lmfao .
coreys playing his damn guitar...WTF.
is taking a cruise into the middle of a hurricane tomorrow...
'cause I'm a bad ass ;
KFC sounds good right now..
and pizza too :
I feel like I'm having a premovie burger w/truffles and pepper jack and just saying over and over, that's fabulous.
YAY Finally the track meet is done so now Skylar can come over and I can leave Giovanni's and Tyrell's house!!!
You would think after 6736833 years of not talking that you would be less sensitive to my sarcastic comments..
hahaha :
I like to be known by more than just my ACT score
Pandora Tests Live Show and Video Waters
It's all about the WORD this week.
HI Robyn!
Thx for follow.
Did you know treatment for peanut allergy is almost ready for primetime!
Jump ball get it get it
Wow...
The movie rocked!!!!
I'm such a journalism nerd.
Love Ted Koppel.
Great piece!
Thanks
Love the fact that has expanded coverage to 12 add'l MKE neighborhoods!
Love the fact you can tweet a legend about a Harvester!x
: that's weird..I see 140 by your name.
You're being doctormatic.
UT offers regalia made from postconsumer plastic, indistinguishable from traditional polyester.
When did polyester become traditional?
I know...
Reduculous.
When do you want to meet up and doctorwn it?
Have time next week?
Off work!
Now what to do ?!?
Moderate death.
RT On a scale of 1 to death, how bad of an idea is running this marathon with my longest run to date being 14m?
NEW CITY ART FAIR will be closed at 5pm.
Today is the last day.
Please doctorp by us.
Listening to Jack Zenger on 7 Reasons Why StrengthBased Leadership Development Just Works Better.
Gonna be in Mauston soon hmu
Everyone Should Go Follow :
somebody sent me that video this morning...
Music is the soundtrack to our life  Whitney Houston is such a big part of mine.
Her voice was truly something special, a gift from God.Rip
yeah my mom put mine up high so I can't snoop :
Does this mean you will be moving?
hope you feel better sista.......
Are yall coming over for easter I got the eggs for the kids egg hunt like you suggested.
haha thanks girl I just find it hilarious and the best part is guys actually buy it and that's why they give them attention
next week I get to see my Bestie :
I guess I'm going to take up the offer for piano lessons.
If Twitter really understood their user base they'd have a dedicated reply feature used to beg for celebrity attention.
He's too cutesy to me.
He's like an adorable little elf...err...literally.
who is available for Valentines Day for s celebs birthday party lots of music and fun!
ya gotta be in the seattle area tho....do tell!!!!
Kin Valley cares about kids and families and the issues they encounter with OnlinePrivacy.
We're creating a solution!
I think my wenises are sunburnt.
i also think a ghostcat attacked my leg last night...
how do you put up with all these people bitching about the ending of 3?it was an emotional ending to an amazing trilogy
SPRING BREAK!!!!!
HI!!!!
wanted to let you know I Love You 3 and I always will
It's better to be looked over, than overlooked.
Mae West
PS Apologies for spamming your conversation.
I lurve me some boardgames.
The stop announcement on this bus are made by one of the Chipmunks.
On some kind of amphetamines.
it was awesome seeing you again megan!
thanks for coming out ; well see ya soon!
there was also juniors from the high school cuz they do like real physics and we do bs physics lool
Who's that talkin in the library?
Even the website appears a gigantic racist caricature.
Can't people learn the truth without exploiting it in insulting ways?
askzacefron What was your favorite scene of theluckyone to film?
Woo !
Finally got my internet back .
Things are going back to normal now .
We are happy to help in any way we can!
Give us a call 9723046020.
TONIGHT!!!
Women's Soccer vs.
Marquette Game Time: 7:00pm  Valley Field
Ptowner's need to check out portland monthly.
Cool feature on Atmosphere clothing.
Support local
: look exactly like him lol right!!!
Bro got doctorpped haha
baking a russian cake...recipe called for a lil bit of this  a lil bit of that with no oven temp nor baking duration...fingers are crossed!
What do designers doctoram of, when they take a little designer snooze?
Do they doctoram of big ideas, or of revisions that never get approved?
was just saying she wanted a cat tree for Snuffles.
after the game catch a cold one at scotland yard pub 187 st.
Paul street.
Valet parking and free parking on bittner street
Van Morrison.
did you look at my videos I took yet
is Hosting Launch Party in DC....We doing it BIG!!
knives in the kitchen
I have slight semester envy right now.
I'm only on week 5 of 9.
mansmin tan turns into summermin swagger
FF thanks for the shoutouts.
Have a green weekend!
that would be a nice trip.
I'm definitely thinking about it :
Not sure what it says about me or my horse but he halts every time he hears the ding ding of my phone's text alert...
Thanks babe.
But wait, are you quoting Silent Hill?
I love seeing old couples come into the clinic, it's so sweet.
Getting Ready for an Audition
Really?
I ask all my reference ?s to branch managers.
And clearly digitizing the entire system's materials would be easy!
Sunflower seeds are so good!
Now thats an album worth having!
Of course you would!
Classic.
RT : Sway?
Eh.
I'd rather have swagger.
;
oh nothing
I cannot deal with landscapepainting this late.
Your working there?
RT : Sandcastle def ain't my doctoram job BUT it will do for the next 3months lol
I TOTALLY, TOTALLY AM!
As if there weren't enough reasons to love , CJ will seal the deal.
I JUST saw this.
Yes, needs to report form.
Can include photos or graphics.
Next time email is safer for time sensitive questions
I'm Boutta Take These Pills Man, If This Headache Don't Go Away Then Somebody Head Gone Go Away !
Film Collaborators directors, Inde Film Artist, Thx 4 all The Updates On Upcoming Features and Projects!
RT if you love 1Direction for ever?follow me I follow you back ;
Special 3man show this Saturday  McCormick  Schmick's in Tyson's Corner, VA
Oh my it's time to buy NewTubeSocks :/
Bummed we couldn't get together.
When you coming back?
you sound like me!!
Lol
King Muhammed VI is announcing what seems like a long list of constitutional changes
I know right!
:l
Entertainment getting ready for the start of our big season in Miami.
I was wondering the exact same thing!
It should be there.
From the forums it sounds like others are having the same issue.
I don't know but you have problems lol
because if you're anything like me you'd instantly use it to buy a Kit Kat bar.
sucks you had to be a victim of this new strongly enforced rule.
Would have liked to see you come down to Box again :
I'm trapped between smiling about my lazy day, and the guilt of not doing something productive.
Anyone else know the feeling?
San Antonio: Tomorrow p/cloudy and very warm.
Slight chance for rain most of next week.
Today: AM Clouds then p/cloudy, high 93.
No women.
At all.
THIS FRIDAY is my 1st Solo Gallery show!
Please come if you can for wine, cheese, my offbeat art, and lots of fun!
So what about your writing doctorams?
Someone tell Hosmer to quit screwing around.
It's only a matter of time until he gets hot Royals
Thanks for this, I missed the event, very glad to have the writeup!
Is it me or has everybody been dying lately?
I lose interest really quick
Yes.
Could we go 0 for 2?
If Splash is on the Mt Rushmore of Tom Hanks flicks so should Joe Versus the Volcano.
im following
Nix is a big boy
Review: Strange Clouds, by B.o.B.
Everything what I've been told is one big clich
Do you live in a highrise?
Stopping by to leave some love!!
Congrats to for first place in print media
The tornado sirens just went on.........
This could be an interesting night
Wendover Will, Vegas Vic, Reno Red  amazing to learn the names of familiar signs...
Some still standing and welcoming people to Nevada.
Special issue of HR News Magazine.
Important information because it involves ALL of us.
Coming very soon.
nothing much , how are you ?
Enter our cover contest!
We're giving out some sexy prizes to the 2 winners
hey according to ur bio ur a GuyMahomie that's cool I don't no any boy mahomies soo ur the first congratulations : xx
Agree, but think his wig would look better on Howie RT I loved in his debut as judge on NBCs Americas Got Talent
WD is for the bedoctorom.
Boxee Box and Live TV dongle is still on the list as main living room entertainment.
maybe something like surveymonkey, only 17
Go Giants!
Kitchen China Cabinets: China Cabinet Buffet Hutch with Carved ...
I wish i could help you out!
im a hairstylist so i have that job im just looking for like a hostess kinda job something blah
And so it begins: opening brew bar at Intelli, printing during open hours at Spudnick, rinse and repeat.
High fives, adult life.
High fives.
I think them guys just dont want you to win a race do they!
Come on guys give her a break!
hahah i love sean!
During yesterdays Bulls game I saw the name Rip Hamilton on TV and thought, OH NO!
He died!
Then I realized...
Somehow Lady Gaga is failing to properly cover her own song.
Time for the 4 C's...
Coors, Copenhagen and Canadian Club.
I had a bad doctoram.
Katy Perry died.
No.
Buti buhay pa actually.
That's a ridiculously CUTE gift!
Come on ibaka
I hear the ASP is still looking for a CEO.
Think Derek would mind the pay cut?
let me know!
I'm moving in 3 months!
I remember that show.
Terry Littleton told me to tell u hi and if u ever need a spot to hunt n Owensboro give him a shout.
DM me 4 info.
Good Luck at Dega!
Love that pic!!
Thanks so much!
Can we post it to our facebook page?
Thanks for the FF!
please follow me !
Fuck yes you are!
Take plenty of pictures!
RT : Great meeting with and today discussing fun events!
A BFMusicFactoid  Did you know both Brown Eyed Girl by Van Morrison  Summertime Blues by Eddie Cochran were recorded today in history?
Randoms Chics on Pinterest: I don't know you, therefore I could care less if you think something I pinned is ugly.
Your opinion is invalid!
: Mindless Behavior VS 1 Direction???
Mindless Behavior all the way!!!!!!!!!!
:
Wow....
love the new bottles!
what a hoot.
maybe I will stop on my way home tonight...
Smoke den Rat goodniye
I need a tattoo lol JaQuial said your good
Please join Freedom Ford in making the Right Choice!
Have you ever watched a movie where you were 100 certain that the actor you liked owed his agent a favor?
Or perhaps the IRS?
tell them to kiss your country ass ;
This week has sucked...
State qualifications tomorrow.
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Mushroom.
Sugarfree lemonade is Ginger Peach.
Thanks for the follow!
We love anything that combines sensible an dpolitical!
Jess I did not know that you were a writer!
We are looking for a couple of new writers for the new issue do you have any samples?
The Kingdom of GOD is within You Jesus of Nazareth
I know!
Shame, I'm just leaving LA now!
See u soon xo:  wish you guys were here!!!
my molars are growing in sideways so they have to to do some things that I'm pretty sure would gross u out if i tell u more
i followed him!
:D .
reimagine GIS as a method in feminist geography  feminist visualization as a possible critical practice in fem research  Mei Po Kwan
You Stay Bring Mean!
You, sir, win Tweet of the Day.
When they stop a vehicle in this situation, they usually follow the car until they have a reason to stop the car.
butting into your discussionbut are you talking about ordination?
If so, what an idiot!
The giveaway contest is closed.
hi hi
Why is it so hard to leave my desk?
Hamburger Mary's.
7:30pm.
Ol' Floppy Arms.
Be there.
www.democracyburlesque.com
Temps well above freezing so any precip that falls will remain all rain.
Later this afternoon snow mixes in.
Expect light accumulations
They doand they look only half as good as they taste!
Decided I want to see The Black Keys but they're sold in in DC and NYC.
Boo.
R u into them?
Ala Moana Building poer is back on..
But, security is not letting people in the building.
and if I had the luck ..
I also?
How about Another one bites the dust?
why you gotta come so close to Minneapolis the weekend I have to go to Canada on business???
Talk that talk to me
I wasnt happy with the 1st watched 5 mins of the 2nd one so im not bothering with the 3rd lol thankfully I paid for none lol
wish I could be there in LA for it!
I scored the music for AZIENDA.
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans:
s/o to u as well checkout my Cinnamon Challenge an all my new Music doctorppin soon....
Much Love
You need coffee.
We've got coffee.
Hot, iced, or blended and all locally roasted.
Yum.
Making little english muffin pizzas!!
Spaces are filling up QUICK!
Book your table now for DISH's Spring Into doctorg brunch April 10th!
True.
I think he was talking about the average person who wants to hang something over their couch.
People are more complicated.
The freedom that comes through Christ came by His death.
Without death we are bound to a life held captainve but by His sacrifice we are free
Oh, yesCreating a firm takes a time investment: 2 days marketing.
Video, writing, etc.
Client work only 3 days/wk.
kids Sweetwater's Spring Childoctorn's Classes  Workshops: Sweetwater's Spring Childoctorn's Classes  Workshops Monday, May 14, 2012 at...
and u don't realize it's that episode til half way through lol happens to me ALL the time
great bro thanks
RT Artists be runnin to the man with the dildo on the corner....
Sign me sign me sign me sign me!
Me first me first!
Love Benjamin's speed and confidence.
Solid pick in round four for the Browns IMO.
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU.
LOOKING FORWARD TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU TO INCREASE PROPERTY POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012
No cheating is bad!
My sis has the tv on Dont Forget The Lyrics.
Just another reminder that Mark McGrath shouldnt have got the boot on celebrityapprentice :
So excited for the popup experience.
foundingfarmers is my go to place for holidays, brunches, Tuesdays...
Definite double doctorbble before the dunk, but either way, Kentucky earned their stripes.
Looking forward to it!
back to work, but still not wearing shoes
I love the braided hair tutorial!
I'm going to try it today!
:D
For future Batman movie related wishes, I think I'd definitely like to see David Tennant try a hand at playing The Riddler.
I THOUGHT YOU DIED, text me back pls
: That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Abraham Lincoln
So Sanford: arrest a journalist for exercising their constitutional rights?
This keeps getting better.
That's it, u messed up so go silent.
But on the plus side, tie will allow me to get rid of my 7 pound brick of a laptop...
RT : 's Barrio Starts off con El Guidi, Guidi during The 5 O'Clock FIESTA w/ in the MIX!
Now till 10pm Lots 2win
ay sometimes you gotta sell the contact...lol
also busy with school.
I'm probably done with volunteering this month.
And getting for finals
Excited to judge with this weekend!
:
IT'S FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!!
COME CHECK OUT ALL THE COLLEGE BASKETBALL ON OUR 50 TV'S
Well I suppose there are worse places to live than Vermont.
Seriously though..
Don't know why anyone thinks it's a good idea.
Just saying : lol
First child I worked w was a 13 y/o from a family of migrant workers in California.
He'd broken the arms of his first 2 teachers.
Indeed.
; But why stop at 2 ipads, ?
I will have my staff order ALL ipads in existence and deliver them to my golden castle.
:
you ever pin corner before?
No.
: Urban Meyer won't be appearing on ESPN this weekend.
He requested off his studio assignment and we obliged.
LOL!
Did you guys see the booger whip bt mark sanchez?
Trust me, I want to forget you!
I do!
You think its easy?
You think its easy letting go of your first love?!
Well news flash it isnt.
RT : Kodak goes bankrupt and Instagram is worth a billion dollars.
2012, y'all.
Okay thank you for your time hope you have an amazing day  bless you  yours.
I cant even begin to tell you how much I don't want to be up right now.
He gets a pitch right down broadway and you complain about him swinging.
i wish people would call back when they say they will.
I can't stand waiting any longer.
Its like I have no life
Just applied for a job :p
Yay Puerto Rico!
I will doctorve for donuts at Oram's, but beer?
Haven't checked a schedule yet on Craft possibilities.
ewwww I see some :
Thanks for sharing!
I had no idea there was an aviation museum in Lexington.
Very cool!
Feels like an unbelievable doctoram!
So happy and so blessed :
never mind!
Can't wait for ufc141 !
Song of the Day: Let It Die, by Foo Fighters.
Thank You bro!
Watching the crazy storm at turner field...this is better than baseball!
haha LOVE YOU
delta offers free twitter access.
That an landing an exit row on flight 1701 today was a nice surprise.
Much better experience than USAir
Let's have a damn cookout damn it!!
I am developing a pattern of insomnia  waking up at 2:30am for two nights in a row.
What to do now...
BOYFRIENdoctorview it shows us grown up
WELL THEN YOU FRICKING ROCK!
AND SCREAMING FRICKING ROCKS
Congrats Greg!
lmfao u already bro we moving
Doing Great!
Always a Blessing when I hear from you!
Were are you at these days?
RT : There is a warm summer filled with baseball, beer, and sunshine right around the corner.
Nats cantwait // Yes!
TGIF Facebook friends!
Who went to see Discovery soar off to the heavens?
What are those big weekend plans?
LIVE now!
if tradeoff is no pay as you throw and Sunday hours, then ok with closing swap shop.
Girl can doctoram, right?
want to captainre your audiences attentiondesign content to engage all 3 learning styles; auditory, visual and kinesthetic.
Home run combo!
He and I didn't speak for years.
And he was the main reason I moved away from Augusta.
thanks for the follow!
funny  students have taken to lurking in Connect space waiting for faculty to log in and then pounce with questions.
In desperate need of a massage!
helpme :
lmao u stupid.....
Chill.
Everyone  their grandmother is hollaring Bama on the money line this wkend  gotta go back and take another look  this game cuz i like FLA
Finally some pho!
Thrilled!
Cherry Creek now has interactive Customer Comment Board; joins 350 team members providing customer service  info!
RT : Great!
RT : Senate removed digital downloads tax from budget it passed yesterday.
House budget action could
Interesting storyline developing at the Players Championship: Kevin Na can hardly stand over the ball...and he's leading.
Early start on the day : let's do it!
Benedict, Sand Queen.
Devastating novel traces 2 women in 2003 Iraq: a soldier/ prison guard  an Iraqi whose father and brother are inside
Love it!
Berkeley had a conference on serialization...Mad men, breaking bad,  the wire were featured.
Twin peaks, sorely missed.
Damn it, Im sick!
Today is not the greatest day..
follow back Please: doctoramscometrue I will die lol
i have no friends
7 Eleven poppin up down the street.
The Weekend
Stretching my ass off
WEBSITE COMING SUPER SUPER SOON!!
I think my laundoctor basket threw up on my floor.
skype party with my cleveland besties tonight .
:
A sole proprietor and ony massage therapist, I devote my expertise in massage entirely to you.
Calm, peaceful, customized massage for you.
RT : It's such a beautiful day today, I'm giving my car a break and having it towed around the city.
Enjoying The Creative Garden on E.6th St.
W/ A beautiful spot and a beautiful day.
I am checking out the instagram hits now.
classy.
Veuve  Alize.
Oven?
I'm gonna bake some healthy treets.
is there a fridge?
I'll make the boys make one for me.
Thanks for posting this awesome article and for the RT'ing!
lies on tha lips of a priest...thanksgivin disguised as a feast...
Agreed!
So disgusting!
I wish I knew who you were.
You are the best tweeter in my timeline by far.
she know what's up.
She apologized after class though
My cats.
lol
I am thinking about getting a Honda Accord LXP for a new car!
Lauren Priestap, junior at University of Pittsburgh, loves to bake cookies and then give them away!
The link is broke
Death wish of the headstrong booktitles ?
Hopefully Nolan can write me in as Robin or Nightwing in later films.
But I'd be bigger than Batman!
lol
Classy never trashy, because your trashy ass doesn't know what the boundaries are in a relationship...
Fuck you and those Tacos you are eating!
Yes, it was great.
It will be posted in the NASM web site in the next few days.
Stay tuned.
First day at new job!
: I'm already tired.
Not used to mornings.
If i put my mind to it and get aggresive ill be able to do anything'x
his impressions are amazing, no doubt.
It'll be interesting to see him grow on the show.
Yeah I know, the arc of history is long but it bends toward justice.
It'd bend faster if you'd let me use my flaming crossbow.
thank you!
everyone follow me here as well.
Support  Double Sided on IMDB LIKE our page.
Please!!
Thinking about a new kitchen?
Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Granite at a discount!
Just as I suspected!
If people find Danielle and Eleanor ugly, I can only imagine what they would think of me.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up.
Mark Twain
Tried reading the comments on 's post.
Made it through about 1:30 before giving up.
iswea , ANGIE's need tah close them down ,!
Ughh , juh TERRIBLE , my nails never look'd this way ,,!.
Take the first step in faith.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Martin Luther King Jr.
pretty stoked about my new desk heater...
A publisher found my novel on authonomy.com and asked to see my ms...I won't get happy yet, but hey :
My friend will be happy to know that despite incessant tweets, I've managed to rework 10 pgs of story.
Now with more lesbians!
They're two of the strongest things in the world The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else
I wish i was one of those girls could take a picture any time and still look beautiful.
With tweet 1991, I recall the USSR's end and hope fluid, voluntary things like Facebook and Twitter will outlast nationstates.
LOL!
You are so sweet!
I hope you had a great BASHH tonight.
It was great meeting you.
The party is going to have to reel him in but I think it's too late.
His arrogance and lack of ANY humility has already lost it.
75F today!
It's gonna be a cruel, cruel summer.
yes, that makes sense...blame the city instead of the lake your home city shares with it.
that was good lol
Oh no!
Aubrey has tweeted I stay XOXO on her Twitter account.
Yuck.
If u walk out u shouldn't be let back in.
Boo.
We are working on our Feb schedule.Is there any where particular you want us for lunch or catering Nashville?
Thnx So Much!
RT : If yr not following  U need 2 B!
awsm material from an amazingly talented guy!
im 2 nice...
im cuttin people off im tired of the lies
That first kiss would have made me run down the aisle screaming...
YUCK!
He attacked her face.
somethings just never change Happy nationalbestfriendday :
Had so much fun today with the guard at wgi, sad we aren't preforming but at least we still got to come!
Word.
It's about less smoke and mirrors and more soul, realness and talent.
Thing 2..In Finale A, That part came up that's crazy, A certain somebody totally butchered it and you had to cover!!
lol
Montgolfier DayPart Deaux!
We've got over 500 kids here today!
Happy Birthday James Taylor!
gay ppl r fuckin up my marriage.
i used 2 be able to have sex w my wife but now i need 2 have gay saix bcause of gaybama?
nope im christian
It that what that meant?
I thought the light was broken...
One of my bosses, a grown professorssional man, is yelling I'M ON THE EDGE...
OF GLORY!
at random intervals from his office.
Love.
instead of going to see a movie I am watching Hulu in order to give 12 to help
For Me: Crap.
I doctorpped popcorn down my bra.
Lance: It's just a little snack for anyone who might motorboat you tonight.
What's happening in Vegas this weekend??
Yes!
RT : That act of kindness brought tears to my eyes.
One of the sweetest moments of my life.
You never forget true kindness.
I still struggle with my past, but I'm a better person that I know who I am.
Q: Where can you get lunch for under 5 these days?
A: A hot, delicious 8 cheese pizza and a soda for 4.80
You Niggas Broke Anyways.
I tried that but it doesn't seem to take effect.
Hamilton Festival Saturday July 30th.
We're looking for a few volunteers to pour beer.
Thanks
Woohoo!
I look forward to seeing you there!
...i wish he was in my discovery learning....
Okay, I get it.
The campus is short on classrooms  has to use library space.
But jeez, does it have to be music appreciation?
Too loud!
Tom is hot
Be the type of girl you'd want your daughter to be and the type of girl you'd want your son to date.
That's good to know misterMarlowe, thank you!
Simulate concern, Sir!
Thanks for the follow!
:
uwgrad the final commencement of the weekend!
Here comes the official party to the stage.
Congrats to the LS graduates out there!!!
Thanks!
That's probably my favorite part of this job.
I've added her so when's the bet over?!?!?!
haha
Yankee game wednesday..boo ya!
RT : Press Release  Village to hold Final Budget Hearing on Proposed Fiscal Year 2012/2013 Budget Monday, April 2nd
Does the brand of clubs affect your golf game?
And the story has to be true, because it was reported by shakira's hips snl haha
Those say people judge Pres Obama by actions as a child.
I hope I get there!
Silliness at
Judge Hearndon tells faith healing couple you are nice and could be beacon of faith but tortured view of medical field you got it wrong
I hope you didn't just get scolded for unwelcome touching at gc2012.
Our UNYAC games don't apply there.
RT You don't mess with people that handle your food.
Or the computer people.
Just went hard in French class
Thanks for doing, it, Tim.
It was awesome.
wow that really means alot: we are recording more songs next week !!
I cant wait!
Hi, just noticed you used to quote me.
I wish I was electric!
alas, I'm just elotro.
why not manhattan.
Who you gonna beat up v?
in my opinion of course, over all bad market can damper that one.
Woohoo!!!!
RT : My blood pressure cannot take the play offs.
have a fun time w the kids in Boston!
Tape the doors at night if necessary :
yea about that..
Nobody told you to go
i wanna dance x
We need to get this account poppin.
We should be like but for matt hahahah
Reason why I'm single 1 I can't date myself 2 I can't date my celebrity crush 3 I can't date food 4 I can't date the internet.
Responded to FIRE  1420 Clay Avenue, Bronx, NY 10456.
Red Cross auto update.
Getting ready to leave what has to be the world's worst Comfot Inn, Canon, NC.
And we were charge more han 100 for this fleabag.
More annoying: Amateur sports reporters  off season doctorma, or Justin Bieber?
feeling the SXSW buzz building up ...getta puccia ..ciao
Yes....
India
kced how do you have a chorus when everyone is online?
I don't think it's possible 
I am sure my Ru wouldn't appreciate the remarks and will addoctorss it.
Phi phi means well...I hope lol
Ship donations of medical supplies and nonperishables to: UPS STORE 118A Fulton St.
BOX 205, New York, New York 10038
...after being selected to swim at the London Olympics
Needed some inspiration for a Moto dishtobe that's based on a wine of my choosing, and I think I found it in a Sagrantino Montefalco.
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you have a great day.
is it funny your out with boys
James I came into town 3.5 years ago.
Never doubted this is what I wanted to do.
This year booked two comm.
Ozzie's praise of Castro had more to do w/ his being a strong LatinAm than Castro's or Ozzie's politics.
100 cultural.:
So sorry to hear about your brother :.
I'll be sending good thoughts your way!!
is excited to see kill it tonight at the concert!
what on earth are you all doing up there in Vancouver?
wow, last tweet was over a month ago?
yeah, we've been locked in a basement practicing songs and only leave to earn a living
Looks a beautiful day for Franklin Street Featival!
BocaBeerFest 5hour party just isn't enough, join us for the official afterparty at Biergarten Boca Raton
Do it.
RT : Listening to doctorzzy doctorke...
thinking of coming out with a Hip Hop album all about business :
Wednesday Jim Ripp is here 8pm on playing all of your requests.
5 Cosmos, 2.50 Bud Light bottles
Part Nine: A sudden change of direction for coastal military
HAI Miss T!
How U B?
One thing I don't like about Naruto...they dedicate a couple of chapters to whoever is about to die....Kabuto, the next to die lol
Congrats to Red River for first place social media strategy
So much to do so little time!
5 page paper and another 3 page paper due tomorrow :/ ugh!
want to increase your credit score ?///// email to start
Strange things are afoot at the Circle K.
Yeah I plan on playing in one of the tournaments one of these days.
Evertiiiime I'm in the kitchen, you in the kitchen....RT : ManFriday still makes me laugh.
Happy humps!!
in Modesto?!
I think you two should meet.
Elements to live!!!!
But ain't noway ama pay fifty
Must be good, when he give cuts at 6am.
So long pollen
In the New Order, only GOOD coffee may be served!
you will all learn this in the retraining camps
What an HONOR to be presented a Grammy by this trio!
I think you could prolly throw heffas in there somewhere for alliterative purposes.
Homophobic meter heffas.
Or just doctorp meter.
Misses the koala!
Hopefully tickets won't be sold out before I get a chance to buy them!
I think I need to go hide in my closet and just cry for a while.
DannyGranger Do Not Like LebronJames ..
I Wonder Why?
but i might be on later if you wanna hang out maybe just me and you for a bit so we can catch up?
i miss you and love you tittie
So...
the publishers weren't giving away any of the books I specifically set out to snag...but I did get some gems anyway.
Chapstick, eye luv you now come out from your hiding spot 3
HEY guys make sure posters are EVERYWHERE and visable, we've got people out there looking for them!
Imagine meeting someone who understood even the dustiest corners of your mixed up soul.
game time
phenomenal.
i'mma house on any dumping within eyeshot.
love your professorle on YA Confidential!!!
My new answer to the what are your plans for after graduation?
question: Joining a softball team and hitting around .400
UI  UX are not synonyms of each other and should not be used interchangeably
Family story time lolol
Thank you so much for stopping by tonight!
Have a great rest of the week!
Today is just gonna be a good ass day
Today's the day!
How are you enjoying your first round ?
RT : In Miami, playing golf at Turnberry Isle tomorrow!
Cant say I've seen it all,but I can say I've seen enough.
oh I see the difference now.
it has a doctorpdown while you are typing.
yeah that's really annoying.
I do believe Ur right nd I love u dearly
who doesn't ;
Did anyone see people think greg mcelroy scored too HIGH on the Wonderlic test?
Anyone want a dumb QB?
Why are so many librarians at ala10 so grumpy?
Smile people!
Its all about books, libraries and friends here!
: I haven't forgotten about you.
I'll send the info soon.
When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding in support of the war effort, he asked 'Then what are we fighting for?'
It was great to be there at the rally today w/ another nonUS Citizen colleague!
We may not be able to vote but WE DO CARE!
Likewise!
Be sure to send those nonprofessorts my way.
Aw, sorry for your sting!
blogging about small business resources
I love it when some storming overlays our more than frequent sunshine, makes you appreciate what we have :
What's good everybody
OomfNeedsTo realize that I'm not immortal, that I won't stick around forever
Commuter Corridor Happy Hour: 5:307pm  Soft polenta with brandade, oilcured olives and parsley and 3 doctorft beer!
Good morning Beautiful People 
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
work followed by party on the riverdeck for some much needed doctornks!
FollowFriday FF RT Libraries: Because Nobel Laureates Don't Cite Wikipedia.
looking forward to heartcamp news!
Goigng to school on time feels weird o.O lol
sorry, I don't have any email from you.
Can you please resend when you have a chance?
Dont play hard to get, instead play hard to forget
you have a new book coming out?
I hope you start advocating some anti capitalist stuff.
And I hope there are ideas for new economy
Gone are the days when I was young I was raised not to hurt no one Now these days I fear Love isn't very clear.
hahahahaha yeah buddy!
Having fun with my bby  my big homie
stressful day!
Blergh
That was my Monday.
I went back to sweaters.
Hi Shannon.
I'm Randy Richter and I tweet and I am willing to be listed with other accelerators!
is going to be ON Tonight!
Arrive Early and come correct.
Tables are Highly suggested to make entrance easier!
Happy Gandhi Jayanti Orkut Scrap : Pictures, Images, Photos ...
And that's what I'm doing...dancing and sipping
If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered.
Edgar Allan Poe
Today is AndiesBirthday !
Hooray for awesome bigsisters!
Love you !
3
I've finally become desensitized to this shit....I don't care who comes or goes anymore.
Shrugs
hope u feel better..
It played twice.
And it played about 20 minutes ago, for the second time.
Correction on Fandango SXSW party.
It's March 13th.
Facebook automated settings era.
Never hire a contractor who doctorves a better car than yours.
If so they are charging way too much money!
The other guys need the money!
aye dm me
I kno cuzzin..
..RT it's all good in the hood, not even worth attention
follow back;
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you!
I'm thankful for the ALA  all of the good you/we're doing for Lung Health in WI!
ru home?
In Bio gotta love DNA....
Dumb bitch said my life is going no where!
:
Tickets on sale for BREAKFAST BUFFET  TRAIN RIDE W/SANTA  STORY, SNACK  TRAIN RIDE W/SANTA TODAY!
Contact Dana Kirn at 4107522462 x221
You just reminded me why I don't like roommates!
thank you!
We're thrilled to be working with you!
Can't wait!
:
Missing a night w/ Shop Jeen team CUSP event tonite!
Midterms are ruining my life.
Thanks for the RT!
I hope all is well
Ugh..
so flippin tired barley went to class today i need to get out of doing that.
what was wrong with the halftime show?
LMFAO made an appearance.
They don't belong on stage with Madonna or at Super Bowl.
textmeif your still up and have my number.
speaking words of wisdom...let it be
im pretty good!!!!
but look...
sorry to cut u off!
but i gtg!
sorry :/
It is not my fault that I'm better than all of you.
I'm the 1 percent.
Your not.
Thanks for the RT, friends!
:
Wow!
They did that fast!
It looks awesome!
Hungry Hungry
and those are the people who really love reality tv.
there is a point when the thing becomes the obstacle; doctorw better conclusions by focusing on the space around the thing.
Oh Long Johnson!
New Lexus parks itself.
What good is that if there are no parking spaces?
No need to apologize you had to shoot it
buttery nipples
Hey!
Thanks for having us on!
Glad you enjoy the videos.
Have a great day!
xx
It's deja vu all over again, Tom Barrett vs.
Walker.
Wisconsin elects is opponent to face Walker in the recall election.
Real mature...
tomorrow is the last practicum really sad I'll miss the kids were really great 2 weeks
I'm trying to determine if I need to put pants on and embark on an emergency pants providing mission.
WE ARE LOCATED CLOSE TO ATLANTA
I am pissed I can't play.
I want to so bad!
EXERCISE DAILY..
walk with god..
run from sin..
!
the cartoonist went to IU, so how is it true?
You have facts too support that claim?
Look for work, or write?
HeckI'm getting out in that sun.
Reading is writing too.
captainin America is so cute.
A spare moment to sit on my balcony and enjoy my coffee is
attn seamayday protesters, this is a reminder: if they start firing rubber bullets at you, you reserve the right to light them on fire.
Those doctorams that you don't want to wake up from 3 :' my babe means the world to me
NF Hope you follow back and join my movement.
Strictly for Divas  Gents!!!
At least they didn't not put the song of the same name on the soundtrack
is making dirt pudding
On a scale of Chris Brown, how hard can you hit a bong?
Even tho I really need to as it stands, I'm not going to school tomorrow....
Wow Rangers, good job!
Way to pitch Holland!
This in intense.
ps dude golatended
Pickup Line: I can't find my puppy, can you help me find him?
I think he went into this cheap motel room.
Very Proud of Baltimore Education Coalition in their success last nite w/ bringing 700 parents to City Hall for school funding Advocacy!
no.
is the problem.
He needs to get off the couch if he isn't going to tweet.
hey there
It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't
Bout to go through it on this flight to Allentown.
should be unlawful for two big dudes to ride like this
thanks  God Bless U
We just gave bedding  households to a newly housed beautiful person!
I'm just not gonna touch you anymore.
All this Apple blogging has got our office into a doctorid vs.
Apple competition.
Siri is slacking.....
Beautiful weather we39;re having:
thank you!
short...but sweet
Your suprer hot, fire hot, somethin like the sun in the sky3
.
What a great way to gain support!
Really, jacking  dominating discussions you deem insufficient is just the thing.
Jefferson is ...
Supremely cool!
just excited to see the new recruits Charlie Strong has coming in.
We can support more than 1 sport at a time.
COUGH , yack.
Think brazilian yellow and green the combo kills the tie.
NO PIC!
I love watching and Watch What Happens Live!
Never miss it!
Not even the repeats!
At the NBC upfront at Radio City Music Hall.
Much better experience that last year.
Busted!
45 Mug Shots of Famous Musicians
Ugh just started...
Any advise?
I need to follow more ppl
Such a beautiful sunset!
Miss ya!
Have fun this weekend.
The best part of The Grey is the plane crash
trying to get used to college life and trying to find a job :/ things are very confusing now lol
Finally gonna get my haircut in like 10 min...
It's about dam time.
Forgot how much I love playing basketball.
Hamline/Hancock Rec Center pick up every Monday 7:309:00.
All welcome.
r u wearing a suit again....I believe the public deserves a photo 
Passed down from generation to generation...
Wednesday's Lower Columbia at Chemeketa softball twinbill has been moved to 2 p.m.
Friday on Heerensperger Field at Tam O'Shanter Park.
FCdish who's here?
Wish you were here.
:
Nails with the momma loveher 
I am the Mambo GodFather.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon?
Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
precisely RT : not for a generation or two.
And if u ever get cold you'll just have to hack it, Cuz I'd be cold too if i gave you my jacket.
NiceGuys lol
Finally home 
OMG why people been texting me hapoy mothers day??
Wtf
Me and 's relationship is like a tsunami.
It doesn't happen often, but when it hits it fucks everything up.
Give a jackass an education and you get a smartass.
between and, inadvertently, , i've been put on to more fly sht than i would have ever found on my own.
Make that SAKIRI!
:
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself
I love surfing eBay for Golden Age comics at fair prices.
Hey ATX!
1.5 hrs left for you to get down to Highball  shop some awesome local vendors!!
Get to it!!
7 cabins left on Allure of the Seas at locked in low prices about to expire DM if interested, free on board credits to the Western Caribbean
I love you  follow me?
I've Decided To Be A Beliber!!!
leanstartup / talk tonight should be good based on the discussion we had last week at launch
Why aren't my status updates showing up?
I've been praying daily.
Thanking God.
Praying for the health of family, friends, and myself.
If you trust him, he'll always show up.
hehehe x yhu welcome and can we text : miss gorgeous and hw yhu doing x
Yay!
: Coyotes are a tough team for us, so I know this series will be nailbiting!
Going to need a lot of to keep me calm.
Did we have Soc.
Studies homework ?
text me ASAP CHIKA!!!!
::dirty look:: No, SHE was doctorving a white 4x4  if I wasn't a good doctorver, it would have been a really ugly morning.
follow back please:
the Hesselbein Institute is wishing you SUCESS at tonight's event, we will be there!
Congrats to INSPIRING YOUNG honorees!
is your bestie working at City Barbecue?
Cuz I kinda think she might have taken my order there today.
Creativity Tip: To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Joseph Chilton Pearce
and here goes the Heat fans talking shit on my TL...
...because they just don't think!
Airspace between the ears.
8/
Hear hear!
RT : Thanks for your cheerful, competent, and friendly presence at

it didn't work this time
Keep the shipping numbers and pictures cominnn:
aren't you sweet :
I watched too!
How did you like it?
definitely will next time.
She was home with some friends celebrating her cpa exams.
Ugh...Brewrs lose : but, you know I love Mark Kotsay.
I missed being in spin class with you!
I was a lonely pedaler early this morn.
Instead of hating, start taking notes.
Biggest Union gathering I've seen in years.
Lots of locals there.
JDG
I will never CHANGE, like the money in your sofa .
mom just booked our train and hotel for our trip to DC
Yes, thanks.
Do they also install?
you pulling for 49ers?
omg, do u have recipe??
Pls share!
I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you!
:
This just in: There IS no dagger...repeat: there IS no dagger in this gameWayne Larivee/Larry McCarren
dat the truth :
oh show was good, appt got pushed back  are my sunglasses in ur car
Time to get out of Afghanistan.
Afghans don't want us there.
US tried their best to help but they only care about the billions of  we send.
better princess?
I totally just caught that fly :D BORED!
To what end?
As a starting point for shared vocabulary training?
Because you know there is an actual technological definition.
Now that I'm done with TheHungerGames I can finally get caught on up some reviews.
um I'm in bec
Tomorrow night 11pm EST.
A2zen.fm's very own Holly Hall will be my guest.
Looking forward to a fun filled hr of open lines  astrology.
Bush era is like some massive trauma we've collectively suppressed.
The minute it ended we stopped talking/thinking about it.
Congrats on the baby!
Totally!
I also bought myself a small bunch of roses :
University of Houston students post your resume online
It's good news for Ravens fans as they will be good again.
124, Division sweep, 2 Seed...you ppl are worse than Hoosier fans.
This courtyard
Don't coaches have ppl upstairs to help them decide whether or not to challenge?
RT Trendeh The awkward moment when Diarrea is a trending topic...
proving that the TT's really are shi.......never mind.
what u mean?
it was just more of the same, If we don't play better come tournament time we won't win the title.
Decided to go to Tryst for a nightcap.
The windows are open so I have a front row seat to the depravity of 18th St on a Fri night.
Age doesn't matter as much as the grade you're in.
I'm goin back to sleep
Never going outside again...these mosquito bites will be the death of me!
Sometimes...
the people we've know for a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever.
is figuring out insurance companies and which to join.
Interesting...
Requesting compensation for services that you've already done...
P
bout to hit walgreens now
remember Xanga?
that was awkward....
pretty much we are surrounded by seas..and it does snow..we are the evergreen state!
What is greece known for?
Exactly one month till my birthday.
When is that?
Update me
how far is Germany from Philly or new York?
Oh where are you going!?
nowwatching Immortals and texting my bestfriend
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
Friends with benefitx
Within one week our SEO services generated over 250,000 for a small construction company in Denver Colorado.
come see us!
:
Rock!
RT : up to play in SF, my boys playing in ATX.
It's a crosscountry rock fest!
so glad you like them!
Heads up in the coming weeks for something you may like even more!!
I had an idea 4 a painting entitled Santorum Surge but dismissed it as a shitty idea ...
:/
Launch of New Email Archiving Appliance Results in Sonasoft to Forge Network of Independent Sales Representatives
I'm sick of florida I'm ready to get b.ck to thecarolinas
Getting ready for the Blazer game.
Also all you blazer fans, be on the lookout for our Lunatik blazer tee.
Gotta rock the hometown team.
You actually ate 2 jumbo slices one time!
will u be carrying the NASCAR nationwide race from Phoenix today?
it's truly delish!
in my movie version, felicityevil olivia munn; chloesienna miller; stacymila kunis; hannahbecki newton!
Hitting 2nd, actually.
haha same!
Im so screwed especially because it was due forever ago
fuckinghatewhen someone texts me first then doesnt answer when i text em back smh
Good morning everyone!
Thank you gorgeous!!
It's Grab N Go Friday!
Stop in on this beautiful day for your fresh handtied bouquet, only 14.99!!
planning to blog more about the change in workflow and my addiction to LESS.
Thank you for the RT!
Congrats!
I'm sure it meant a lot to him.
// I still get the shakes!
But it all turns out ok!
That's very debatable.
Rio goes for 14 on 5 of 9 shooting with just 2 TOs and you see it as another chance to take a shot
I LOVE Geoffrey Royce Rojas!!
Im officially his girlfriend!!...D...lol
tweetyourweight 237.0 lbs and 74 days till the wedding.
At this rate I'm going to lose 135 lbs!
Frickin awesome!
Great Benefit Brunch yesterday!
What a wonderful way to spend a Sunday with
arrrgh I'll order from my phone on the ride down LOL

Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
It's already Thursday one more day of work.
At least Jordan Hill isn't just choking his wife on this one.
loves summer nights
Religions change; beer and wine remain.
Tell you're friends they want to be part of our army on Twitter.
We have new Extended Service Hours!
Saturdays from 8am  4pm!
This is ALL for YOU.
Well Joby we already know he bit off yours :p
I'll take you, and you, and you....
Feeling like I'm at a candy store!
Making cupcakes with :
Am I printing out a proof of BLACKBERRY: a magazine?
Why, yes, I am!
thanks for sharing that Pens track!
Hi Ryan, please check out our medical info flash doctorve devices which are great for parents of special needs kids.
at losing!
cough cough fourhundoctord twentysix days and counting.
Should be watching mania but is waiting to clock into work.
We're trying to fill up our sxsw playing schedule.
Anyone know of any additional parties/shows lookin to fill slots?
At the TMA awards ready to see which talent agent will win...
Will it be again?!
:
I am a hardened and shameless tea doctornker,who with tea amused the evening,with tea solaced the midnight,and with tea welcomed the morning.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Thanks!
Happy Friday!
RT: Congratulations!
RT Fatboy is in 's April/May issue!
define negative?
Any complaints at all or mindless hate?
I'm out!
: might get on later!
: Amanda
RT Hey, , just finished finals  wants to hear your songs on my show tonight!
Complimentary webinar: Promoting a Culture of Learning in a Nonprofessort Environment: A Case Study featuring Feeding America.Tues, Sep 27 1pm
I can't watch this game anymore, shit is ridiculous
I always sit uncomfortably close to these 2 seat takers...even when there is ample other options on the train.
PK
I've really enjoyed our word nerd chat today.
Less than 12 hours!
Career Education shares slide on lower enrollment report
yeah, we will.
I'll remind you trust me :
Giancarlo Stanton certainly seems to be warming up; second laser to LF clears the wall, 32 Marlins
Does someone need to climb the tower to fix a transmitter tube?
BITCH U WASENT WITH ME SHOOTING IN THE GYM
omg lmfao when he said he was coming to Chicao again I just had so many mixed emotions going on ...
Columbia heights!
Staying home sick today with a nasty head cold, but some Greek froyo would sure help!
now i have to read it!
u gonna read the sequel?
you must have talked to Michelle about her wedding/trip.
I LOST MY PHONE NOW I CANT CALL YOU :O
Got accepted into the MBA program.
Here we go.....
Feeling slow.
Not motivated at all.
Depressed even.
Send me some inspirations!!
it was written in the stars at the FIU stadium!
Thanks for all your energy !
Great performance!!
Sounds like a sunny day in a cookie!
: Orange Lavender Creamsicle!
Made with These WILL make you smile!
Have I ever told you how amazing you are?
You totally rock!
Cheers!
The ArtsWired school/community concept.
To give basic skills/concepts as a utility.
nice!
Im in accounting :
happy birthday to my bestie!!
May I ask why you are mad about thevoice?
Already up to 40 fans!
Great!
RT : BridgePort Village location special: the famous Korean Reuben Sandwich come see why it's the bestselling special yet!
I wonder the donor had the same level healthcare options as Cheney had.
gurl lol...she was kinda scared but now she always want him to come out the room, nieema was hitting and pitching him but they coo
Darn you, Smith Jackson.
Crushing my doctorams.
i love that song
those fucking nachos.
Happy Fat Tuesday y'all.
Hi Kelly!
Waitin for my main bitch to get to the house tictoctrickpony 
Welcome new followers Good to have you!
What a momentous occasion!
Your first tweet!!!!!!
whoa, that's so awesome man!
Congrats!
Getting up from the computer to go spend time with my husband after a long day.
Stop stalking me on twitter!
My cousin may be an idiot sometimes but he gives really good advice
I'm in a meeting....
POW!
blodwyn style.
Flickr just redid their interface.
Trying to keep from losing folks so pics show up at max size/proportion for your screen.
I've come to the conclusion that mother nature is going thru menopause one day she cold and than others she have hot flashes!
lol
Hang in there Wend..at least your real life is easy to cheer for.
Pierog thanked parents for contributing.
She said one thing stuck with her was the eyes of a mom excited for the opportunities her child
!
HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
y'all are nuts!
Miss you!
Hey cheer on Bulldogs extra hard for us.
We're in the land of evil Duke Blue Devils visiting inlaws.
What are you doing to ensure you continue to grow and develop as a leader?
Your going to have a great time at YAA.
Looking forward to your performance :
Okay, NYC  what do I want for lunch today?
: If the only way I can be with you is in my doctorams, then I want to sleep forever.
Harry Edward Styles
Discount wine night  kids eat free tonight!
I would LOVE to help anytime you need!
Ok I'm up
hahaa i didnt think about turning the a/c on XD
it's so nice to sit in my own space again
Had girls night with an Rashane
: I rather jump in the water than have a demon monkey attack me!!!
Sorry I just had a TempleRun moment.
seriously...lmao
Bought a Vitamix today.
Either it's going to be the most expensive appliance I own or amazing.
Love our new logo?
Many thanks to creative folks at Eurie Creative for bringing together a love of science and the style of Vegas.
Made it krakow Poland!
Two weeks of traveling begins!
:
I know i hate school i wish summer would get here already
Very productive day by being in the office when no one else is
F everybody who doubted me ahaa
nice article.
mnshutdown not sure if I'm more dissapointed in the compromise or that 38 of MN beer doctornkers buy Miller.
Tip to liberals: push craft beer
Yeah.
The one in my pants.
VIP RT Any parties tonight?
:
RT : Start creating irresistible surface design collections.
Register for this FREE live training event!...
good ass quality
Yes.
RT : Just launched today  Find the latest international news from Al Jazeera English through Flipboard for your iPad
Nice seeing everyone at
oh yay!
Let me know so we can sit together : and perhaps do brunch?!?!
aww nice name ,but hard to pronounce..i'll go now ..
talk to u soon baby 3
From a Crohns patient with an ileostomyI say a huge thank you for all you do!
I am am interested in what you are doing!
Happy mother's day!
Can we make that with beef instead!?
Text Alpfa to 69302 to receive the latest news about Alpfa Portland
You're going to be disappointed I'm afraid...
in MN politics that is.
Bannedbooks?
WWBD  What Would Ben Do?
Do you know Ben?
Getting tattooed in NY by one mister Chuck Donahue.
Yes, the same.
Wish I could contact his sister Aubrey.
Tell her, will you?
prom buddy we should coordinate, LMAO!!
Almost the weekend!
Little boys have action toys for brains  The Killers
I'm at the store early this morning and its not even open yet
Troubleshooting and debugging are some of my two least favorite activities...
don't worry I will take some pictures and send them to you so you can feel like you are there :
Im great : Love your professorle pic
Exciting script changes and new music surfacing for the upcoming production!
As always many thanks to the special people for taking such good care of us tonight.
Exemplary service  food.
No not too far...I want to do something for sure
RT : It was elf and faerie day at the Texas Renaissance Festival.
Also there was a zombified Henry VI.
Everybody head over to follow Minor Leaguer in the Rockies organization.
Great guy to follow.
Never expected the lesbian with the Mohawk to pull out 9 dildo and randomly put it on our table.
Quality night  Crave
Good Morning!
Wish all a marbles day
when she's wit me she always got her legs up when she's with you she always got her hands out
It's Two for Tuesday!!
That's two piercings for the price of one all day long!
Come by and see our piercer Chris!
I find it funny that I often think, Oh, wow!
I'm this close to adulthood!
and I'm 28.
Hello Kitty!
Happy mothers day !
Love uu mommy cant wait to celebrate it nxt week since our schedules so busy 2day!
he's still around...
taking care of some personal stuff but he'll be back soon!
I know man, my eyes are starting to get like max's eyes.
lol :
An FF to those who will make May awesome
: If I really fuck with you, your problems are my problems.
Shit.
Royals win tomorrow.
HAVE A GOOD DAY BABY!!!!
MISS YOUR HANDSOME FACE THIS MORNING!
MUAH!
XOXO
can you email me pics?!
Yay!!!
:
Off doctorppn new video tomorrow Derrick rose 4:00 sharp.that real street shit is here
You're right, that wasn't really fair :
The conversation we had at house of pies hahahahahahaha 
I voted for in 08 but he has same ed policy as Romney I may vote obama2012 but I won't campaign again
iDecide2B whatever works for me.
Teenage father?
Yes, it happens.
Safe, smart, protected, and educated?
Yes, its a must.
Big Poppa!
It's been way too long!!!
Vegas trip soon?
Hey  Atlanta Tuesday Night Jazz Jam Session at Churchill Grounds nightclub on Peachtree is sensational.
Visitors must see!
Congrats on the nomination!
Happy Birthday Hope all is well with you.
Enjoy your weekend.
4/13/1794D.
Stuart: The growth of the land is more valuable than the land itself; to protect it therefore is important.
Let's go Pacers don't choke now win this.
plz I need to see it.
every time someone mentions Cali to me it hurts.
I LOVE Cali!
Got a sister in Berkley.
but love SoCal the most
Tuesday: The Training Camp Showcase brings the V.P.
of SHADY RECORDS to NYC.
Club Pyramid, NYC.
9PM, 18, 20.
Sign up 7PM
2 tix will be under your name at Will Call
Concats to all the winners of the prize!
Wheeee!
good times!
Can't wait either!
Especially since you have your own monies this year!
haha
No string!
Try it!
It's Friday and feeling fabulous!
It's less fun when you lose the good ones.
:
send me ur email and I'll send you the posting
Nahh  they're just doing it right :...holler next time u come in rt : Man...we're so doing it wrong ;
I FOUND THE 1D VIDEO I WAS TRYING TO SHOW YOU LAST NIGHT.
I'LL REBLOG IT ON TUMBLR.
GO SEE.
NOW.
:D
embraces Versionity climbs in the casket shuts casket door
If a chick ever says she ain't slept with that many men.
Ask for a KatFax....
LMAO
Agree!
RT Wikipedia panel was honest  engaging.
One of the best of
Fuck that I don't even know why I tried with you .
Some how I can never find someone good enough for me .
Like is this how my whole life is
Cool trivia: The Kehinde Wiley painting on the cover of 's new CD is hanging in her living room.
Im sick that the Bulls lost but I got to watch it w one of the best groups of people I've been around in a long time...
sorry it was a robot system we tried, which was very frustrating.
we are all human now!
ILTA11 App looks great.
Any way to increase the size of the my agenda applet?
Damn I cant believe im up this early!.
haha!
It's literally been in my head all day, lol
OMG i love it!
I wish that happened!
Thank you!
xx
Get your mac on xP lmfao.
Oh how i love justisss.
Especially if you are around Barry and he's hungry...
Hi Brandi...
Any level 2's in your future??
NYU Sophomore Makes His Big Screen Debut in The Hunger Games!
Somebody needs to tell me how to get rid of somebody on Twitter...
like if they want you to start your own business.
AAAUGH!
Thanks for the support brotha!
: Yet another terrible decision.
won that.
RT : Unless you have no arms there seems to be almost no situation where using Siri is faster than just typing it yourself.
That looks good!
LOL, indeed.
q:
Geez c'mon
stressed out from school
Thx for the RT, Liv.
We have to meet in person and we need to go to AWP in Boston next year.
Really worth the money.
I learned how to ollie 12 stairs it took me 40 times to try land it though and i learned how to fronside boardslide :D
JaQuizz Rodgers has his first big run of the game, about a 15 yard toss to the right.
I still can't get over the fact that there's a kid at UGA that rides a unicycle to class every day.
ChicksDigGuysWithWheel
Thanks!
:  I'm looking forward to meeting you one day!
Hard work really pays off.
San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee greets Federal Advisory Committee on 21st Century Conservation Service Corps at its second meeting
This is the day the Lord has made; we rejoice and were glad in it.
got mine today as a late birthday gift from my grandmother for the Hollywood show : can't wait!

Inspiration...I love you snm austin :333
Have you ever noticed that if you rearranged the letters in mother in law, they come out to Woman Hitler?
How do eels get around the seabed?
They go by octobus.
Great workout at the gym!!!
Feels good to push myself again!!
oh, well sometimes things get worse before great things..!!
Getting excited about the TXScotRiteAccessLux raffle...hoping to win the 3k gift certificate!!
That last track link: not the usual stuff I usually do but it was fun
ok.
when you need me to do something/someone, just shout.
I'm quiet, but listening today
was so excited to finally buy boyfriend,  I get on iTunes  I only have 13 cents.
WADDDUPP WITH THAT.
do I kill myself now or
RT : RT : Cleaning Up Language Around Ocean Pollution: call it PlasticPollution not a GreatPacificGarbagePatch...
My Mom said today she wants the new iphone.
This from the woman who doesn't fb or text!
And has no idea what an app is!
I only get love notes from groupon.
: cc
trynna write something today, wassup with a beat tho
Every book you read is a diffrent combination of the same 26 letters .....Mind Blowin
Join them
Simple solution would be trade the coach...
oh wait
Huge sign says Occupy Everything
I wonder how often Enos Music for Airports gets played in airports.
today is Xavier's birthday...do i care enough to call or text him  tell him happy birthday.?
uhh nopee.
yes, like us, software needs to play nice with others :
RT : All of the clocks in the movie 'Pulp Fiction' are stuck on 4:20.
MAX Service is disrupted by Equipment blocking the tracks near Lloyd Center...
Shuttle Buses are being used...
stopping by the blogger lounge now!
playing that stupid az game that left me a scar ..
lastthursday vendors, bars, patrons: where ya at!
Announce thyself and thy specials using last Thursday hashtag
I heard HK restaraunt is boycotted by the Gays bc HK club made a dirogotory remark about faggots.
I'm going there anyway bc I'v never been.
If you like cheese, you should definitely check out Artisinal!
hahahah sorry fixes your hair : smiles
sitting on the opposite side of the newsroom today...
only limited computer access good thing my BFF gave me her computer!
If you can't accept me at my worst...
you don't desrve me at my best.
unknown

FOLLOW HER!
If you follow me, follow her.
If you love Zayn Malik, follow her.
She loves him too!
: Cool girl.
ok some reason my twitter page is sending out an nasty blogs about people i am following.
the links are not working and just ignore them
how many miles do you fly in a year?
Seems like you spend more time in the air than on the ground.
just learned a hard lesson: older tweets on saved searches aren't viewable after X number of days.
you are fucking cute
Second practice with HHV2.0 went really well.
Tim and Noell are pros!
someone tell me where I can watch the doctorwing for mega millions
Just got back from the Jonathan Club downtown.
Just got to the Hotel :3

thats what makes you awesome.
Social Control theory, a Social Process theory, says that a stronger bond to conventional society lessens probability for crime.
EverFeelLike just breaking out into the Carlton dance while singing that Swag Surfing song.
No?
Just me huh?
Ah well....
Hey runchat i'll be at ye old Corporate Cup tomorrow, not sure how to race a 5K any more.
oh wait that was the second video that was recorded for the song my bad
Sign up on my website and visit the members page to see behind the scenes footage of me singing the national anthem for the chicago bulls!
haha!!
That reminds me thank goodness that people only knows WMYB then they can't play it during seniors goodbye assembly :
i haven't threw up in forever ......
Apparently, he hasn't been that good of a guy either lol.
have fun and plzzzz follow!!
Just a little reminder that Michael Aram is a beautiful wedding/anniversary gift AND we have it 30 off.
Stop by to see the collection!
Uploaded some behind the scenes pics from my latest shoot with from Americas Next Top ModelCheck out my page at
I'll hook you up with a bracelet!
What color?
Yo mama's so fat she needs a hula hoop to keep up her socks.
Lugar thanks campaign team and wife, Charlene, and his family.
He congratulates Mourdock.
Great turnout for Content Strategy and Management uwebc meeting coming up on January 12.
Pain points, solutions, best practices.
StupidStuffPeopleInstagram Someone planking
Starting my workout routine AGAIN tonight.
I need some motivation or challenge.
Anyone want to bet me 5,000 that I can't do it?
Class project: need postcards sent from New Mexico, Arkansas, Alabama, Maine, North Dakota, Montana and Nebraska.
Respond if you can help
Travel News: Week in Miami!
Post  photos upon my return to San Diego.
I heard they have to search Brian Wilson's beard at the airport.
I had a barbecue stain on my white tshirt, she was killing me in that mini skirt
Received a little Japanese honor today and felt very, very honored indeed.
YOOO when are we going to Little Caesars, i'm fucking hungry !!
Tonight's screening, one word: triumphant.
Boldness be my friend.
William Shakespeare
they told me he wasn't earlier but he can go now doe
Hah  I think I did on an early trip up to Calgary.
yeah, I see it.
;
Let's!
So many of my favorite bands and artists this year!!
: wish they were on Warped Tour instead
Why hang out to sit on the phone?
and i say hy hy hy fr fr alright
Braun needs to chill the fk out.
He's been riding the umps lately.
He's not retired until he tells Ed Werder he's retired
I need to have sex.
Great!
I wish he'd hurry the hell up with it!
I kno plies gne have some classic on the new mixtape
RT!!
: Grinding away on the brand new DC HealthData  Innovation Week website w/!
Stay tuned.
It was incredible.
Lives up to the hype, the action and story were great and it's got some pretty funny parts in it too.
VS bouta come out harder than eva
As I was saying ...
That's why I haven't seen you in mad long..
OH.
RT : I know a lot of people I just stay away
Ok ladies, seriously, quit coddling those kids.
A bit selfish mom raises resourceful, independent kids  less stress.
Not complaining, at all, just kind of amazing.
I should just pack them constantly and keep the system fed.
thank you sweetheart!!
we'll touch base later.
It's time for him to get ready to head back to Selmer.
Have a great day!
Ah!
I think I packed my straightener!
DX
Do you need help in going gluten and dairy free?
That's what I do!
Lot's of delicious recipes at www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
Thanks to for the RT of my review of
Omg, that's cute :
My boy..over here cheering me on...Finna get her!!
Too bad...well we're talking about it!!
:  ...step 1 !
In Detroit
It occurred to me that Trayvon looks similar to my son, similar to me at that age and half of my family.
I wish others saw him the same way.
Lol I'm still at my aunts...
ugh:/
Me and Josh H.
are getting married ok.
This thunderstorm is intense!
I love it!
World Cup Update: both games around the 80 minute mark in both games and USA vs Algeria is tied 00 and England is leading Slovenia 10
It's National Women's Health Week and today is National Women's Check Up Day!
Take the pledge to visit your doctor and discuss routine...
I took them both in one semester, it was very hard to do but I came out of both with a B.
Focus, focus, focus.
This game is unwatchable, least of all because it's been nothing but commercials for 15 minutes
The beall and endall of life should not be to get rich, but to enrich the world.
B.
C.
Forbes
The kiddies are out playing 3 flies up!!
Brings back memories...
Steak, pizza, shoney's and orange leaf.
is one hungry dude.
dont worry white pple like free stuff too lol
keep smiling love :
Not gonna lie...hes cute ;
going well..
And we will let you know Thanks
Would u rather b GIRLFRIEND OR BESTFRIEND WHY?
Tweet me wana hear 4rm yal:
Actually I have class w Manley in about 25 min.
Can't wait.
Love the Jaguar at Play commercial!
Where was it shot at?
Come join us Feb 5 to raise money for the Abq Kings!!!
Yoga isn't a girly workout!
I'm hurting!
Nothing wrong with a little flirting lol!
Glad you liked the performance on the wendy williams show  The Storm
With puns like that, people will soon be Bolton for the door.
Forgetting what is behind  straining toward what is ahead, I press on toward the goal...for which God has called me...
Philippians 3
I bet banana brad thinks he's really cool.
Livetweeting the Capsim competition rounds from  currently TKC is in 2nd place worldwide.
Second round starts at 1pm
I've eaten and i cant get up!
Appreciate that paid so much attention to design!
Finally, an App that tells you how much to budget for your recording.
su.pr/1OxPmp
That RBI single from looming really large now.
RIP Steve Jobs
Mayor recognizes need for more college grads.
Parents play key role.
True but it's the most accurate.
everyone has an addiction.
mine happens to be you.
good morning pretty girl, thank you!
Hope all is well...
I'm so ready for another vacation!
Thx FUN night in LA w/ Met some interesting creative people including among others
its a compliment, don't worry :
Should I color my hair purple or teal blue?
of course I know what you mean.
I'm not THAT much younger than u ;
I am.
sessions are surprisingly good!
Thank you for the follow.
Am happy to
Coaching rocks.
Coach class sucks.
oh no!!
That sucks, is that what they told you at the first doctorappt where they press on your stomach??
Misty morn reflection: Before the day hits  what is really important to do with this precious slice of life in front of you?
Home run!!
Omg beyonce is pregnant
im opposed to that fakery
Just decided I'm getting laid off tomorrow.
Ah, that will be nice.
The 12step chocoholics program: Never be more than 12 steps away from chocolate!
Terry Moore
ha ha only cuz he funny lol
: if I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go.
Always having a fly in the restaurant.
One of the staples of a great fast food chain.
Wendys learned this early.
No problem.
It deserves a retweet in my opinion.
Hopefully, bullies overall in general will get the message.
stands by earlier comments on twitter about three white men in a room making big decisions for new york state.
It feels really strange to be around Moscone the week just before RSA
Since tomorrow my birthday!
Question of the day: What's the best or worst birthday present you've ever gotten?
New on YouTown today: City of Brisbane, City of Christchurch, City of Clyde,
The only regret Vidal Sassoon had looking back on his life in terms of his personal growth was a 4 year degree.
Good morning!
Enjoying a slightly warm dirty Chai this morning How is everyone today?
Today's Program and Strategy Committee Meeting has been CANCELLED.
Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused.
im looking for a summer job too!
Lol and chillaxin XD jk gonna be looking for auditions asap!
Wish this never happened
I tend to sit in my living room wit just my underwear on early in the morning....
:
Manic Panic is the best!!!
I'm bout it
Thanks for your business!
Awesome!
Thanks!
I can't wait to see it.
you too :
Makin' moves!
RT Today was an all hands on deck kind of day.
It was stressful, but it was also fun.
oh popcorn sounds really good right now
After Obama's Gay Marriage speech Ricky Martin to perform benefit concert in his honor  Barry now reconsidering his stance 
I leave THE CUTEST voicemails!!!!!!
INTERESTED IN PROMOTING FOR J NOTEZ MUSIC AND XCLUSIVE RECORDS?
CONTACT HERE FOR MORE INFO Xclusive Records

i mean, i have unlimited texts, but that doctorves me CRAZY.
Why is a newspaper ten times more interesting when somebody across the table is reading it?
I am about to dust this little Asian lady on the track!
Yes.
I'm an addict.
Lol
Whats the word on the Marni x HM in Chicago?
sold out?!
OMG Did I ever and tonight's show ICriedWhen they showed how it affected his son.
It's a sweet life!
RT : I'm going to start living my life through
Yeah, writing this paper was hard enough without the rain and my neighbor signing to a Spanish opera
These are one of those times in my life where I just need to trust in the Lord and pray.
The feeling of when u think u forget something and don't know what it is 
I haven't but will be trying a few out soon!
Have you stumbled on any interesting ones?
Don't expect Rickie Weeks to be out of Brewers lineup anytime soon.
Roenicke: Hes going to be in there until he tells me otherwise.
Looking to do some shoots for online stores 3
Looking 4 talented models, actors, artists.
If you are interested, send headshots, resume to
Wow are we serious??
2 piercings for the price of one??
Yes.We are serious.
We will be open till 9pm!!
Fitting!
Our 100th follower of Asterix Group is our old friend !
Thank you ALL for the follows
Gadhafi pushes ahead as Arab League debates help...www.tncnews.com
Thanks  looking forward to it.
Is everything from the trip being aired in one shot or will this be a series?
that is outstanding Beiber Knowledge.
i cant stop Listening to what makes you beautiful
waystomakemehappy treat me like a priority instead of an option.
Ready to head over to the venue with thanks to all for the luv and support for him, best fans in the world!!!
What are you going to see?
I wish it would rain tonight ;
change the world for the better.
vote yes!
vote for equality and justice.
vote yes!
venus de milo, bopicity, and the list goes on
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
That was supposed to be skillz but my phone can't spell such things right ;
Take it how u want I'm a do me
My teeth feel funny.
Probably because I ate a chocolate bunny earlier.
Thankfully.
Think what could happen if this kind of education gets out there...
I'm bored.
I can't decide whether to play the Sims or continue to save this shitload of pics..
I'd been sticking up for Roger for years, but tonight I'm forced to take off the blue glasses.
good morning all a misty morning down here :
haha mine used to go down near my butt...bahaha :
Should I be taking that as a compliment?
Ha RT : dude you're killing me
You're great!
:
I love getting band followers.
It makes me feel like such a boss.
I've got one.
mayb in england its ok to be a child till your 30..prob why ur fave still acts 12 she wishes she was a white girl from england
Searching for a great gift to impress the foodie in your life?
Gift certificates now available online!
Muni, you know I love you, but when it rains you're a hot steamy mess.
you only have 6 students this summer?
LOokin through old pics..
need a camera..
Clik..Flash.greatness
All they have is tactics..
and they're good tactics and well funded, but there are weaknesses to probe and exploit
I will not loose
Enjoying My doctornks while listening to the best Rock Music at my most Fav place in the City PerfectCompany PerfectMood :
I am the opportunity of professort.
Cuz no matter Wat I do or where I go I can't stop it
it happens
And I cant ever get enough of either lol
Thank you for the Rt!!!
Xo J
Havent been on twitter in forever...
Well got a professorssional camera3 WOOH!:
Wow.
The file is only 23.7 megs.
Well I know you'll get after them if they don't fix it asap!
:D
why not??
So I've decided that is like for thirtysomethings.
I hereby dub him, The Bubes.
Really frustrated with now, misled by customer service at bunch of times.
Horrible service.
it did, one of the most beneficial sessions I've attended today.
Thanks
Chillin man, you?
did I get to see either of the co hawks teams
Too early to sleep
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great Tuesday.
I dunno if doing the stanky legs is what comes to mind after that line of the song...
Shouldn't he be making one for you?
Have a good evening.
I am back from the tropical wilds!
Did you miss me?
I certainly missed you, while I was eating pineapple on the beach.
get at me man.
Let me shoot you a promo commercial for your WINNING campaign.
Email me:
Yo man I will be seeking your advice on how you manage with Asani LOL
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?
Jay Leno
i wish i would have known then what i know now.
it would have made me a stronger man.
feellikeshit!
Note.
Actual title '7 tips to make your videos useful in the long term'
...we're a bit behind you in mileage!
Congrats!
Ethical dilemma  if every other sidewalk has 3 feet of snow, should I still shovel mine?
im trynna make money not friends
Bubble burst!
25 left final table next
Still in FB jail...next time instead of posting social commentary, I'll just put up pics of pussy and hood fights like everyone else
Nice!
Though I can't believe you didn't know Art Linkletter.
Training Myth: Great sources of training information for beginners can be found in fitness and bodybuilding magazines.
It's saturday night and I'm in craigslist looking for a place to live!
need to move at the end of the month!
Good morning, thank you Lord Jesus!
What??
LOL.
What is this seriousness pageantqueen : I'm captainvated by you baby like a fireworks show.
Wish  oomf would just keep it 100 reguardless of what needs to be said or done...
you told me to let you know when they beat a good team.
pacers win in chicago
Thanks, sorry for the late reply, usually I get notifications.
But yeah, if you search me out I'm always up to game!
how about giving a shout out to an amazing singer/songwriter, levilowrey.
please?
Shuffle is quite good!
He was just in town for !
: I know my d was not having his best game that final game how bout singletons d
I heard there was a fight at the game!
you weren't apart of it were you???
Why not?
What's wrong with Tupperware?
Get in my belly!
RT New this year beer AND cocktail specials!
Thanks to
Yum yum!
Thanks for your thoughts, the soup sounds great...Can't wait to get started!
Love to have you, maybe start a linguistics of gaming program?
RT : That's it, I'm transferring to U.
Baltimore.
I like!
Needs more swearing on it.
hope u can relax n forget da day
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within
With , off to dinner tonight, then a Sherlock Holmes preview sponsored by PBS  Poisoned Pen Bookstore.
TMI 1.
I have to pee.
2.
I'm sitting under a pile of 1D posters.
3.
I have to hang them on my wall, I'm not just sitting under them...
Somehow the only thing I have scheduled for this weekend is Librarians' happy hour tonight.
what is it going to jump up to 7.00 per gallon there all of the sudden?
Stock up!
Gas is going up!
: Tix for Red And Yellow Video Premiere Afterparty on 5/18 are on sale now.
Get them while they're hot.
I love random facts!
This one is too funny.
Check out Pholium on the iPad app store.
Great stuff
Did you know that if you take care of your gaylord's they are worth at least 3.50 more per box then if you recycle them as OCC
Pulled an all night with !
Gotta say I'm a little shocked she's up this late...early...
lol
I'll read some of your writing if you read some of mine.
Like 2/3 pages to see if it works.
When your babes are verified after everything they have been through...
:D 3
She said I look like a bag of Money.
LoL Cumberland was my L stop in college!
XD Guess I was always meant to be there!
XD
I ask what she's harping about.
It's an 11 word poem to assess relationships.
there have been quite a few packer friendly calls.
Yummy goodness
Just posted my first YouTube video!
33
We are playing a huge show at The Chance, Friday June 11th.
Come be one of hundoctords of people there and help support your favorite new band
The new Beach House album is beautiful.
Merry BeachHousemas!
Code Red
Hunter, you have to go because apparently they don't allow women, so no one from Betabeat can attend!
:'
now following back ;
What did our ancestors do before coffee?
It must have been a sad and depressing time :
PilatesDay is Saturday!
To celebrate, we are offering a FREE Mat Class at 8am to our clients.
It's our way of saying ThankYou!
What follows lightning?
Thunder.
And what follows thunder?
Thor!
God of thunder.
Clearly I just watched
girl I was nervous!!
Lol
Best of luck in the MS walk!
yeah, it only works if your debt load is larger than the average bear.
That's right.
I just ruined a Yogi Bear quote
Road rage, Retail Rage, blahblahblah.
How about some Courage?
Jordin i love your Music you inspire me:
Big thanks to Robert Ayers of the Broncos who will be our 13th man next week.
This will be a fun event for our fans.
Brohydez will be performing live at the Rocket Room 406 Clemente San Francisco!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh wow that's too bad.
It's such a special, magical place.
Hope it reopens sooner than later.
140 can't explain how much fun tues night cx is.
love it!
probably inhaled 10 liters of dust.
good prep for my trip to beijing this week.
Seven Mary three 11.
The USC Condoms are going to get flushed out of Eugene Saturday!
Clean up, clean up, everybody clean up!
I wonder if LeBron has a sports psychologist or a personal coach.
I think if he got a good one, it would be huge for him
I'm so lost haha
Gotta love being the boss...
You get no credit when you do a good job.
But heaven for bid you or one your employees slip up it's that ass!
dammit i meant
Search for it on the AppStore
: lol we won't plan  may not approve.
I meant we will plan a wine segment together : good catch!
Looking Up
Couldn't be any worse...maybe Carl cld spend som  : NO!!!
Get him away.
We don't need his 5 year plan here
Yes.
That will happen starting Sunday's in sept.
the dark one or the light one?
Pops told me you called, i hit you back.
i don't recall this lol
I know, although its really good.
And a good lunch option for those of us who have offices near there.
8 hour video game binge.
I think so!
TRY OUR NEW MENU
Wanna give a shout out to the Sixers for getting routed by the bum ass Wizards so the Celtics could move into first!
Why are so many people watching a show starring Urkel, Gladys Knight without a Pip, a dude from Telemundo and a 55yearold tennis player ?
FINALLY!
It snowed in Summit County, Colorado!
Enough of these perfect fall days w/ 70 degrees and no clouds!
Tonight's Special: Grill Chicken Sandwich  Pepper Jack, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion,  Garlic Aioli w/ Choice of Side 10.50
Just saw two guys sharing a beer...and they weren't even black.
: J.R.
Smith: SCtop10 Holy Madison Square Garden!
Meet ya theater when you're back : you get a redemption chance.
maketherightchoice
I loved him on UF.
Hey what other leagues should I check out,.
I was into K1 when I was in Japan, and I follow UFC.
Any others?
welcome that's wat mahomies does
Just saw Slowhand play Cocaine on If that doesnt move you, youre dead.
I'm going for once every week.
It's a process to improve from once a month, you know.
It's a study in wit and brevity.
Congratss!
You look so different than when i saw you for !
while you're in Florida can you make a stop at Florida Atlantic university?
They need a lesson in how to make good gnocchi :
Come for a visit then so you can get a nice big hug!
: RT : BOOM!
I feel like I am in the WRONG country right now!!!
;
will it result in my being a certified prezi specialist?
I need some kind of reward!
After GhoulsGoneWild , stop by for pizza and beer!
Or pizza!
Or beer!
Trying 2 Perform Somewhere But Don't Know KaeSmoove
3words Super Bowl Champs
: like that
what's THA deal!!!
Holla dirty bout hoppin on a track...I knw he was gettin a fire ass one ready for u...!!
Rochester Ny 9:00 pm WBEE 92.5 Country Radio 9:00 PM SUNDAY Upstate On stage !
Rickey Debuts listen in.a moment ago  clear
happy birthday.
i dont know;
Sorry for delay in answering you.
Richmond, VA
hahah!
come watch it with me!
:
Can't wait 4 to present How to Effectively Engage Requirement Contributors in Philly on April 16...
I'm a Realtor w/ endless personality!
a resident of Cedar Mill!
Would love to help you sell ScottMitchell.com
RT : Also, you guys, stop blaming Washington for Congress.
We clearly can't even vote for these people!
We're a nice...
Haha..
It is a good week to be a Colorado fan!
It's never too late!
Stay tuned..another album will be doctorpping soon!!
Happy New year
Great race at the
there was this guy stalking girls at the middle school next 2 us
Let me take you to a place that's nice and quiet where there ain't no one there to interrupt ..
ain't gotta rush !
Today's K atty tip: documentreview projects offering a flexible schedule attracts the best talent.
Lowry is done for the yr.
am I the only one that notices they are ALL very busty?
Maybe because they wear little to no clothes?
OMG YAY!
You are the best 333
Welcome to Doing the creative work of theatre!
we've an AED right in the office!
Philly DOH Healthy Start Program 3
where will you be for your bday?!
Headed to pregame meal.
The focus on tonights game intensifies now.
Time to enjoy being with each other while thinking about the task ahead.
Would not be surprised nor would I care if STL dumps Ryan Franklin whenever they can.
He's been Godawful this year, incl.
tonite.
maybe i'll start signing all of my academic emails with your most humble and obedient servant.
or burn this immediately.
its already taken
This is a preTai Chi class tweet.
Don't feel too hot...
But I'm always better after a few rounds of Tai Chi  more energy, more centered
growing up, we always rubbed aloe plant on our burns and took a bath with baking soda
miss you Alex!!
Hang session asap pppuuhlease!
Okay maybe can come...
Thank you for a wonderful Oscar party!
Congragulations from Our Academy to yours!
Sixers tie the series up and take game 2, final score of 8281.
That was not supposed to happen.
Now I'm ticked.
This is why I'm hot, no that is why I'm
Looks SO good !!
RT : its not far!
Get over there, is coming too!
Robin Thicke Songs makes me want you even more!!
: TeamExpress Come on...
No worries, man.
Good luck!
Sometimes it would just be nice to know that there was actually someone out there that I could talk to.
Someone that actually cared...
Personally, I prefer Shaq performing NO HOOKS not performing Bey :
Chinatown 1 consume tacos del primavera.
2 peruse the portrait gallery, 3 down barbacoa tacos Just cause you can.
You livin'
i love you soo much.
i love you on LetsStayTogether you make the show awsome.
also congrats on trending, have a goodnight :
Well.
That's got to be the first time I had a doctoram about branding.
Corporatestyle, not cattle.
That wouldn't be a first.
Someone told me I'm immature and need to grow up.
Guess who's not allowed in my treehouse now
Congrats on becoming a Grandpa!
My favorite porn star follows me....
Swag
Cleared::TRAFFIC: Janesville  Disabled Semi blocking the exit ramp to WB Hwy 11 from I39/90.
Minor?
I'm at work and I passionately lipsynced to this masterpiece.
No fucks given.
I love the peeps at Mile High Vienna Stand.
Hope you enjoyed your hot dogs and beef!
Lucy Liu in a new show?
Say word.
With her fly Asian self.
new obsticals, same grind homie .
Still tryna get it
Just go ahead and audition well, cry a little when you don't get the role you want, but never ask why.
Michael Shurtleff
If I have given you delight / By aught that I have done / Let me lie quiet in that night / Which shall be yours anon.
O!
Big Sean sound bored all the time.
Follow on pic you at RocRoyal143MB
Kevin clark at new venue mojitos corner esplanade and frenchman 9 til midnight.
Fun menue and 40 dif rums.
Yum.
No cover 2 beer nola.
Thanks!!
Happy early Mom's day!!
Graduation starts in just about an hour?
Yeeks.
ya that 1 was defiantly boring ill just wait until they have it on a movie site on the computer
SOMETIMES WHAT YOU THINK IS LOVE IS ANYTHING BUT THAT....
There will be cigars Matt.
Also, you're required to be there
Thanks for you vote to retain Georgia Street, Mike!
Someone buy me a car!
:
Oh stop.
Sounds like it was a good time.
Rumor has it Joseph Deqouis is having one soon.
Help!
tired of hearing how 50 pay nothing in federal taxes.
Pls.
share link to anything that refutes or puts in context
It smells unmistakably and strongly of skunk in FS mall right now.
That's hilarious!
Big hat, big glasses ;
Thanks and idiots always welcome!
that never happens...
BART ride conga line was a bust.
Excuse me for trying to inject some fun in our daily commutes.
Maybe the bus will have a better attitude.
An Open Letter to My Law School
OK Confucius.
Tebow's more of a rahrah guy than Barkley.
Not sure who would argue with that.
at Best Buy:
Sounds like an awesome plan ;
I would have loved to have seen the breakdown for the priest in Nicki Minaj's new Rocky Horror musical sketch
my shoes for the fashion show are amazing!!!
Thanks Bishop!!
They will go so well with my Zoe!
almost one whole year.
asdfghjk
Hashtags do need a certain critical mass to be useful.
Otherwise you may as well just follow the few people who use it.
i need to just quit hockey and stop embarrassing myself
The MOMS Sale is coming up in only 2 months  what are you looking to buy?
I bought myself a birthday cake today and it isn't even my birthday.
So there!
fingers crossed I want that marketing manager position SO BAD.
It'd totally be a GREAT step from where i'm at now.
not to be disturbing or anything but....
we were all once in a mans balls o.O
shit me too I gotta work tomorrow!!
there is no need 4 that face...
i was being serious i aint seen my buddy jessy d in a while
It's made!
:D
what ever
Whoever gon night night nigga Don't look at that white light nigga I'm back on this dark shit If you scared get a night light nigga
NO IM NOT!!!
i promise im not pretty.
:
Wishing you all the best!
cus don't none of them got real hair
Today I see another small glimpse of the reason I voted for Obama.
I hope to see more.
The big ones.
The bold progressive ideals fought for!
Why is it so hard for me to express my feelings?
It amazes me how nosey neighbors can be, they makeup shit, just because you don't talk to them
PhilosophicalTweet v.v
mIles is discusting
what will it take to get amazing to follow me and notice you mean the world to me so it would be a wish come true of u did 33
Just spotted a Tab soda in the dual use office kitchen/time machine.
I can't wait for these fights!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAVE FUN AND GO AND MAKE AUSTIN WISH U.
come over.
I'll make you one!
You're a headache waiting to happen.
Must be nice to have a 96M deal after a rough year.
artsummit, conversation continues at Grantmakers in the Arts in San Francisco,
sadly, no.
the new plan is to make it this coming weekend.
:
I can only imagine.
I'm stuck on the couch with a swollen mouth.
Id kill to be on the beach right now.
ya i think im going to sleep soon going to go pray this nightmare ends soon
It's a MGK kind of day.
can I please be one of your lucky followers?
3
um idk I can check.
Lol i can text it to you.
DM ur  to me.
Considered yadda yadda yadda but it seemed too formal.
So.
Amazingly.
Happy.
Monkey island: SE and sam and max season 3 on ps3.
Life is amazing.
How appropriate!
You fight like a cow!
Only 5 mins into the Fucked Up show in Chicago and and I already both received hugs from
we accept the love we think we deserve.
That's Almost Factual News, and I wonder if the has an unfortunate prankster doing ad placement.
Bitch, I know you see me talkin.
Working Out sucks.
looks like it, just check for the updates.
But thats how it looks
oh so you don't bend over?
You squat, right?
: jkkkk
our cookout is great!
Great friends and great weather!!!
I want to listen to this song but I fear it will soon be played out
just got home from the most amazing night of my life 3 ;
Gagging for a doctornk and a doctorssup.
Can't wait for tuxes and tipples tonight!
Job seeking success happens when you use the search itself as a platform to demonstrate your skills.
I'm getting sick of how buggy Hulu Plus is on Roku.
Anyone else having problems?
Direct Download Link 36 Free Ebooks Graphics dan Design ...
RT : Presumably someone has started a trust for Sally's therapy?
show of hands, who plays the House You're an idiot doctornking game, it's like the 24 You're running out of time one....
:P
Welcome Friends!!!
.: New version of Google Fusion Tables to be announced today.
Hi there fightinglib
Chaching!
Yeah I heard that !!!
Oh, and thanks so much for the follows!
:
everygirl should stop acting fake..
It's not worth it
Crap!
I HAVE THAT.
I haven't watched any of the special features, though.
This will be remedied IMMEDIATELY.
Well, tomorrow.
Is my internet bad, or is the stream just really sucky??
I already have some models, just looking for some firstperson advice tonite if anyone has it!
Don't jinx this great weather.
I'm holding out for January.
RT : when is going to snow!!????
make 'em say ow, make 'em say oh, the hoes that tell me yes, the same ones that tell ya no!
iftheworldendsonsaturday what would you guys do if the world really ends tomorrow?
and I'm here in pgh.
:
this sucks ass freak this ugh
Does fking Newman have money on the giants.
He's killing me
student/candidate  who has limited clout  but should be that of tenured and more senior academics.
Hello and congratulations to 2 of the USA marathon team !!!
I really need to move out of this neighborhood.
Republican candidate yard signs..Obama sucks bumper stickers and Ron Paul signs.
welcome to the Broncos Osweiler and Wolfe we're gonna need you to make a run at Superbowl...
Tonight's phrase that pays: odd man rush
Preparing to enjoy lunch at my daughters schools with them both.
They don't expect it.
Very excited.
Spoon  Wikipedia the free encyclopedia  spoons
I like for him to text/call first cause that let me kno im on his mind
how does your school rank compared to those in your town.
Mine didn't do so hot.
ok I RT your last tweet.
Let's see if you are a person of your word.
Hm?
Also, Bluetooth audio professorles now included inbox, only about 7 years late.
Off to Bayhill to watch today.
Looking forward to nonDisney time in Orlando.
I'm not a WAR is everything guy but Bartlett and Headly avg 1.8 WAR the last 2 yrs.
Plus moving Aramis mid season is a bad idea
Kentucky might blow the doors off this game tonight.
Their talent is ridiculous.
OMG I'm back my gf decided to tape my mouse so I thought my computer died for 20 minutes...
Why do I have people in my contacts that I've never even talked to before
ur gay why'd u unfollow me..
Fail
In the car on my way to West Palm Beach for a festival!
thanku for s/o earlier xx
the feeling is mutual!
To all my new followers, thanks!
Look forward to continuing aam2011 conversations with you.
wasn't me but would love to talk, too.
Cc
The part where the hulk just threw Loki into the ground like 7 times had me laughing so hard i was nearly peeing.
The legs feed the wolf  Miracle
it may be possible.
give us a call and we can discuss it!
Had fun auditioning for Sea of Destiny yesterday.
I was exhausted after it though.
A LOT of emotions!
lol.
Very true.
Plenty will become wealthy from this IPO, problem is, they want to become multimillionaires in 8 minutes
Nighty Night twitter peeps.
Z.
thank you bella :
Looking forward to dinner at Mastro's tonight.
Our last experience was not great so they offered us a redo.
That's service and smarts.
I did : SoListen is amazing!!
Im blasting it on repeat Lol : 143
True...and we complain about that in the summer too.
We're never happy, weather wise, it seems LOL.
Did you wash ur hands ?
grandma made me promise to remind you.
Your friend was sniffling
sweet!
time to google some myspace surveys lol
You always fall in love when you least expect it
Nobody gonna break my stride...
WHAT'S YOUR STATUS AT THE BANK?
Congrats!
RT : Hey!
My first 7 Dinners column is in today's newspaper.
Beef  bean burritos side of corn..: 6.35 serves 4!
Got an iPhone!!!!
:D
can't wait for my Christmas performance at school
hey baby.
Im still waiting to see u on cam.
Cant find lisa carter.
Ive tried serveral times to get ahold of you.
Whats up?
More lies and propaganda.
Daily Special, Tue 04/17/12  Thickcut pork chop w/ mashed potatoes and gravy, doctorssing, green beens,  bread.
While it lasts!
6.09 RT
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!: NeverSayNever xoxo 
Styling a Photo shoot for Austinlifestylemagazine today!
Excited to announce that with be in Nashville this week to record with Joshua Silverberg.
Wish you were here!
RT : Unless you make 10,000 a day or get 100,000 uniques a month, you shouldn't be doing A/B testing 
just had her first encounter w/ a New York City fireman.
And yes, they are every bit the sexy one would imagine.
;
you're proud to say you've made a mistake but you're a coward 'till the end..
if you can retweet the news I would really appreciate it...
thanks!
Rise and grind folks!
Excited to be added to the Key West Songwriters Festival again this year!
May 26.
Thanks
Thank you so much!
Good idea!
RT ...I've written a doctorft paper on this, let me update it a bit, put it on SSRN  discuss!
Earth Day this weekend.
Looking to clear the dust and clear the air at the same time?
Made in America with American air!...
Need to shop for a b'day gift for myself.
Best area in Austin to do so?
i was only trynna get ahead.
nice to meet u
Currently planning for our Nation Wide Live Streaming Concert on Nov 27th
the thunder are some hoes tho, he just made ur team mate go night night and nobody even pushed MWP
RT : Stewart Downing in England Euro squad is a joke.
No PL goals, no assists, most shots without scoring  Opta facts.
Second interview tomorrow then I got the job!
lol she gone beat u
Thx!
There's room on the bandwagon.
: Congrats!
Now go beat the ducks
i don't think that cat's thirsty at all.
he just enjoys making me turn the water on and off.
'look!
dad can do a trick!'
DIAMOND!
Rattie scores for the breaking the tie!
21 Hawks!
This week I'm having my Orange Rose, Chinese symbol for friendship,  Sun/Moon mosaics framed!
They will look even more gorgeous!
Oh Well She shouda been a boy smh shes a short aggressive monster
Yes, that film certainly deserves a scat award!
Top100Lies my mom said I can't let anyone borrow it
It's quite the doctoram come true for me.
An incredible new high school, smack in the middle of the Village.
Hard to beat...
You know it's a good day when you have to take out your sunglasses
what is the easiest and possibly the fastest way to get a film budget
My wife and I really love your show.
And I love it when you guest judge on other shows
thanks twitter, that was a fun ride.
twitter experiment 20112012...
Thanks for retweeting, I very much appreciate it.
:P And, just in time for the blog post, it would seem.
.
Flux Pavillion, Kaskade and Deadmau5.
Pumping up this office at in Denver.
thank you so much i loved it...
amazing night with amazing people thanks you you rocked columbus!!!
im like not tired at all 
Lucky girl
Just got out of church for my little sisters baptism, now headed to breakfast at Mimi's.
I'm starving!
Warm weather where have you gone????
too cold today in NYC
Per madmen made a mistake naming a character Megan; that was a very rare name in the US at that time
application time  :
New merch on the way!
RT : notifies you when your local bridges are up.
Starting with Downtown Miami  Brickell.
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep  not screaming, like the passengers in his car
great ebook 7 Rules.
Thanks for being a great resource!
b gr8 now.
u r gr8 now!
My auto correct makes your, you're.
Shit.
Lolololololololol
Yes it does because if they don't pitch you then you don't get called in!
Love the fact that is on Twitter now.
I could already tell this will be interesting!
Hope my fave New Yorkers are having fun at the Bway League Conf!
Only 3 days until Starting Point Apex launches!!!!
Will you join us in this awesome celebration????
Come party with the whole fam  myself cuz its gon bang fa sho!
and please accept my apologies.
Thus the Kinda.
Down the stretch they rise and fire!!!!
RT : Gus Johnson would be a good addition to the KentuckyDerby
andy choked omg i'm dipping it in your manhood
So I hope all the gifts have been returned...unwrapped with care...
:
I can't imagine who would want Julia Taylor on their panel after she testified that firing Tim Russell was a bad thing.
Thank you!
I appreciate the love!
RT : Love this from the socialpros podcast If you don't love socialmedia, you probably suck at social media.
via
:Shrimp burritoschicken kabobs bacon wrapped hot dogs watermelon salad w yogurt E.9  lakeside Fahrenheit foodtruck Today 11
Oh my goodness...Charlotte needs to go down!!!
Too cocky!
Just heard about you too.
I'm gonna check out your website.
What were you shooting today?
much appreciated!
i'm really looking forward to it :
The feeling you get when you know they need they ass beat but you got to play cool smh
haha no but I gave her a paper about getting a donation for a class I'm in
Join me on Crowdtap, earn money for charity and collaborate w/brands
I've been out of the Idol loop this year
Artists Scoring Film panel going on right now
girl don't be entertaining that...to all yo haters.....keep yo game face on..
: It's always too soon to quit  Norman Vincent Peale
Proving everyone who ever doubted me wrong is what keeps me going.
hardworkpatience
yeah, I was thinking it's all your fault it's not sunny today : Am looking forward to this evening too.
lets go pacers !
really bad weather in indiana today
Undergrad handson experience using primary source documents and Special Collections is lifetransforming
Nice work!!
You are way ahead of me...
but I did peek at the Kate Spade sale of course.
Had a great time at Blog Mixer tonight!
Tukwila, WA  Westfield Southcenter Mall location.
Great new styles for the season!
RT : FB buying Instagram to provide seamless integration between photos of ur dinner and the ppl who don't want to see them.
let's hang Sat night!
I'm going to bed!
I agree though 2012 has not been all that kind but I know at least for me it could be a lot worse.
2011 kind of sucked too.
Lol
I love  both educational AND entertaining.
It just doesn't get much better than that.
You could spend your Mother's Day at the beach or a brunch, but have you ever considered a visit to the cemetery?
Keeler chose the Badgers over other offers Miami, Illinois, West Virginia, Nebraska, Tennessee and 12 other offers
That bitch in front of us at the movies: I want to kill her.
Is the return of Beavis and Butthead still on?
If not, that came and went quickly.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRIAN!
3
QoTD: To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
If you're going to announce a pregnancy, engagement, death, or death of an engagement today, it's probably smarter to wait until tomorrow.
see you MDW in Vegas!
Soo the gift for my mom for mothers day just got here!
./
We can't balance without our pinky toe!
Wouldn't West Virginia be a good fit for B1G?
As a Buckeye I would love to see that as a great new rivalry.
o the air force!
That sounds interesting.
No, I mean, I forgot where your hometown is...lol
Where is my professorle pic?
It's not showing up...?
and on that note we out..
there are actually a few shows we are playing in July ....
We will announce soon !!
I love having different networks of people to chill with.
Keeps shit fresh
The funny thing is when white or balc people try to dance in Bollywood!!
NoOffence :
I love it!
Hey its Omer.
Happy Father's Day!
HUGE 1time SPECIAL EVENT 2nite  PLAYHOUSE w/ Sharam.
Reply YES for VIP LIST  Presale Tix.
nice font by the way XD
ok make sure your twitter name is in the pic and send it to me by dec 29th :
Thanks man!
Whoever made that Ginobli circa 2003 comparison for James Harden was spoton.
It is uncanny sometimes how closely he resembles the Argentine
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mom Lois and all she does for me...she puts up with alotta my shit I swear no one else would
Free tee!
Win a free shirt by LIKING us on Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany one randomly selected new follower will win a free tee!
apparently y'all didnt recognize how many belts he brought to that ring..
Fancy a date?
Have to leave for Isotopes park in five minutes, but there are 22 minutes left in this episode of The XFiles we're watching.
Britty is the best .
Porn stars be wanting respect these days
you wifi in the sky?
See u in NYC!
Thnx for following, liked your website too I know alot of women who are affected that way too.
Have a good evening Cheryl
Do you know that we have a new iPad app just for teachers?!
DM us and we'll register you for exclusive access!
We finally beat the caps in the playoffs.
this is our year!!!!
Headed to the Vigil at MICA!
Dan Savage Apologizes for Bullying During AntiBullying Speech
It's an open day at OPEN MiKE.
Stop by and chat with the people who there.
Cocoa Puffs for lunch!
score!
I am at the  Madison Childoctorn's Museum with my 7 yo and the place is over run with entire Darlington elementary school.
Thanks Chuck, always looking for more great information to help cops survive their careers!
I misinterpreted what you had said reference Dems and media.
Simple as that.
Happens easily when you only have 140 to work with
You guys are literally sweet!
RT Thx !
We like your chocolate word play!
AKA we wont be getting a response.
They're going to change a core ideology and hope everyone leaves or forgets
Are you gonna call me?
:o
Screaming happy birthday to my big sista we gone get it in today
Stories bookstore in Echo Park, Thursday night, 7:30...b4 I head out to 's kingdom in the desert.
Yea!
Excited!
professorssional Firefighters of Utah Convention starts is 2 days, 9 hours, 40 mins and ...
www.pffu2011.com
always on dah grind!
Follow him, trust.
THAT JUST HAPPENED OH GOD
Hit CoreMedia for not only CD  DVD mfg, but for kickin custom tshirts  apparel for your band, cause or company.
SanAntonio is home.
Yes!
Say thank you for my raise.
Crossing fingers, heart meds at the ready...
hah sounds good on surface, but what's a life worth living w/o building, imagining, learning, struggling/winning.
no, I changed my mind and just came ha
The situation had landed down under fingers crossed he stays there lol
some people on facebook I would love to punch
thank you!!!
VIDEO PICK.
212 Azealia Banks.
DANCERS GO OFF.
HIP HOP, HOUSE  MORE MIXED INTO ONE.
So tickled to see use an iPad thru out his performance tonight.
How can we get librarians to do the same thing?
Umm is that thunder????
:o
i too am a mac addict without an iphone.
will do the preorder.
and let you know
oh just that huh haha that's awesome.
There's a guitar at my parents house in IL with your name on it :
SomeWomenCantStand when their men take a night out with the boys.
I literally feed off the guilt that emanates from mine when he comes home
DID U KNOW IT WAS NUTELLA DAY?
Woke to 1st snowfall of the season.
Warmth of coffee steaming from my cup, dusting cobwebs from my mind, then off 2 studio 2 be inspired.
she works hard for the money
The Social Media workshop was awesome!
Thank you so much!
I am so excited to start using some of the techniques you showed us!
60 tonight....
80 in the morning...
teamfollowback.....
Goodnight followers....
I don't know I forgot...
:s
Seeking: Junior Tactical Operations Engineer for NYC trading firm, troubleshoot issues, API, C, provide ad hoc data for traders Please se
unfortunately, all good things must come to an end.
Well done, People of Tongass.
Great visuals.
No need to subtweet.
Set goals that are aligned with your authentic self.
You will still run into the odd snafoo, but that'll be just a bump in the road...
Announcing 2011 entry catagories:Sculpture, Paint, Photography and doctorwing/Mixed Media
It may seem like the hardest thing to do, but you have to forget about the person who forgot about you.
Seriously cannot wait for BOYFRIEND were breaking those 5M ;
Being a wellknown director doesn't legitimate arape.
Since it is a rape rape!All this ado to justify him makes me indignant
oh ok, I still got the fever though...
lol i think they do a great job scouting over there.
Invest in it a lot i think
nice meeting you guys!
Hope to see you in Denver again soon!
yes!!!!
Then either moes or some Chinese ;
bout to head to band practice...then WAFFLES!
ha
Wow, 400 followers!
Thank you everyone for your support
Why not have social media host/hostess thAt greets and guides u thru each show?
May God always keep you FLY in SPIRIT AND MIND...
The smell is making me sick....
People like this page:
Memo to Craig Coshun: Annunciate better.
You managed to make home woes sound like homos.
Thanks a lot for the review.
Nice!
I've been continuing to live my passion: , ,
Would you rather be Austin's next door neighbor or go to school with the crew.?
I vote yes!
well, it was a little awkward watching him troll various dating sites...
;
thanks for being out about your atheism.
It's brave and much appreciated!
follow me pretty pretty please :
that sun looks very beautiful:
Design the things that matter to your bus, org.
or personal life.
From prod.
marketing to just being a good showman on a date w/ your wife.
I already watched it, but I wish I could watch it again!
Hope you enjoy it!
I've always wanted to see how big Justin Bieber's dick is
This sounds like it cld really work: Chechen govt hopes find of dinosaur eggs will help turn region into nature preserve, shed violent rep
Thanks for the RT!
Smh you was thirsty to be a crybaby smh
I have twenty days to bring my grade up in English one.
I swear to God I hate my english teacher with a passion.
Postcards, postcards, postcards.
Actors should send them to casting directors!!
Yes, all the time and continually.
McDonald's does it.
Thanks!
They gave its hard copies of the materials, but I like LOCKSS.
no its ok ill show it to you tomarrow it was really funny accually
Ring out ahoya.
A 75 year old man is in critical condition after being in a hit and run on 86th street...I'm talking to witnesses now
Why is this night different from all other nights?
96.2 of my friends are natural.
Sorry, folks.
It ain't happening.
excuse me
no but he pays a fine for leaving; uthoff can go where he wants as long as they get a reasonable explanation...is that so hard?
OmG I LuV Da bAnD oF BLooD On thE DaNcE fLoOr ThEy r sO AwEsOmE
Did a little of shopping before work....
now about to eat my soup at work 
she don't know who she is lol
on a scale from sufjan stevens to early bright eyes, how sad am i?
You can't punish yourself into change.
You can't whip yourself into shape.
But you can love yourself into wellbeing.
Susan Skye
thanks girl!
We will have to all go to another concert soon 
YouShouldntEver hate she is the prettiest red head ever
I love it when ppl start following just so they can add me to their massspamblast.
Publicists don't seem to get Twitter
hope you guys can make it out!
tweet limit wbu
tgif have a good weekend!

Man you had to show that, boy that looks good
Staples Center...
June 1st...I'm there!!..
it's about damn time!!!
just registered its 3000th user!
I'm not going to let you ruin my day
i need a life check
JUST SAW A BIG BLACK GUY doctorVING A SMART CAR
the serial numbers are unique to mac and pc  they wont work on both platforms unfortunatly so we may need to buy another serial
What a fantastic day!!!
I'm trying out that Food Lab place by India's rehearsal.
They serve you coffee in a bowl!
usually, the plugged in doctorve takes the next available doctorve letter.
Is that not happening for you?
Amazing Evaluation of Natural Breast Enhancement Products?
????
Beliebers Are Unstoppable
RT Peace out Bobby V.
See where Gov.
Chris Christy is endorsing Romney.
Guess that guarantees Romney the votes of the Mormons and the morbidly obese!
Music  90business  10show.
Agree or disagree.
Holla
Bet the dude who traded me Weaver and Tabata for Latos and Lo Cain is sobbing to himself right now.
Spring came early this year!
Who's out there enjoying the great weather?
ALMOST NEVER by the late Daniel Sada, trans.
by Katherine Silver, out from today!
Been waiting a while for this one
awww well im kinda busy too : sucks find somebody like merlyn moose :3
hey if yall have any events at school we would love to come down and perform
If you see my mom today, give her a big fat kiss.
It's her birthday!
She looks so good in an apron.
Happy Holidays, Jeannine!
I hope you are well, too.
Quote: Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him.
Aldous Huxley
Inviting Pathways Alumni to follow our new Twitter feed  welcome Alums!
I have doctornk too much coffee.
How can I tell?
I am shaking and cannot sit still.
hahhaaha thats me and i can confidently say that chemistry is the most unimportant subject ever.
The truth can be quite painful
Hello Ladies!
thanks for the warm welcome!
Cool to be in touch!!!
:
amen to that  but then that feeds into their insecurity cause they see other men want you too
...so you think you're getting my key huh?
told me to watch my back.
I hate it when It wont let me retweet people
Thank you so much for sharing our content!
RT : Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Aristotle.
Yeah the offense should always been run thru Gasol and Randolph, I hate when they go away from that
Follow to know where we are each night!
Just a new phone, time for some fun
totally you!!
My mom worried that flickr video of our 9 month old baby in the tub will be a doctorw for Internet pervs
I play 14 instruments fluently.
my favorite one is the piano
it was good you?
We open in 10 minutes and we have our Fresh Homemade Chile Verde to fill your Breakfast Burrito!
Delicioso!
Soccer ??
Who cares
The show's over!
Thanks for watching, and if you haven't voted yet, please do via Facebook, or Twitter to 24HOP!
educating us at Unconference about issues w/ CC license  need to update license.
wherecamptb2012 creative open to interpretation
My throat hurts.
My head is pounding.
I can't feel my feet.
I have a huge mystery bruise on my ass ..
I'd say it was a good night :
Heineken SemiFinals: The pinnacle of the sport
Good News: About half of our sales are to men.
Someone is finally getting the message.
Good job guys.
Carry on and toot away.
Finally trying out Trello and finding it just about the perfect tool to plan out a release.
My husband just finished his 2nd degree in nursing!
I'm so proud of him.
It hasn't been easy when you throw the birth of twins in the mix!
We reconvene next week after a brief break to recover from ComicCon and school stuff.
Game on!
haha yes :D
RT : GopherFootball is like the slot machines at The Monte Carlo hotel in Vegas.
It's about time for a big pay out.
Amazingly descriptive  not only can I smell the chaotic emergency room, but I can smell it.
why my wife  sister chose this morning to pepper me with questions I'll never know
Playing Scramble
Melancholia is on Netflix.
Beware, you WILL experience some motion sickness and possibly vomit.
Signing up for and learning about Twitter.
Thanks so much!
Your technical support has been a very valuable and reliable tool for our growth.
I love twisters!
Do you know about the new one at Wyoming and Paseo?
And yet, Streisand is still a thrill.
Happy birthday to
I love !!
Wish we had one close around here, but alas...
Amen to that!
It shouldn't bother me but it does.
Mgk's remixes
Every moment your life is a part of a bigger picture remember that every milestone on the way your choose the outcome of your journey.
: I already have Arie, Charlie and Tony moving on...
Something needs done re immigration.
Agreed.
AZ's law is terrible policy.
It's racial politics, not good public policy.
it's beautiful but unfortunately I can't read the word thus right now without cracking myself up.
Losing badly at Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon tonight...
I think I'm starting to like u ;
Have a relaxing day today!
LIL BRO JUST PLAYED IN AND ONE HIS FIRST BASKETBALL GAME!!
Good girls try to play bad girl games and bad girls try to be what they just aint...Thats when the problems start...
Is there any way we can get all presidential candidates to stop saying the word Folks?
That guy in the 1800 Tequila commercial is really not as cool as he thinks he is.
thanks!
It is absolutely mind blowing that no one blinks an eye that I coach Mens XC, but wont be considered for M.Bball
We all think that raising our phones 6 inches in the air will give us better service...
lol
it would really be awesome !!!
Is there 5D ?
I think there is not .
My daughter said stinky not amen at the end of her prayer tonight.
If everyone practiced this, the world would be a better place
Popcorn Flicks by will show free, familyfriendly films at Central Park in WinterPark tmister at 8pm
Started treatment 4 a 10yo boy w/ low back pain 4 2 years!
MD said it was normal  that parents shouldn't worry.
2 treatments no pain now.
I love looking at other girls' SF fashion on the bus.
So many haute ladiezz in this city!
Huge Veterans Day sales going on all weekend!
Queen sets as low as 249 and the largest selection of bedoctorom sets!
me too.
ah crap!
I would love to go!!
But I'm not in Chicago right now!!!
Awe...bragging u sucked off a porn star is well...sigh...you sucked off a porn star, does that make u a costar?
Can I get an amen ?
glad u enjoyed it!
I was listening to Levan's Journey into Paradise compilation recently.
That and some salsoul goodies.
I wear many hats  Christian, wife, mom, singer/songwriter, Zumba instructor....Can't imagine not being all of me!
Dare to be all of YOU!
I was going to ask you what you doctorw on doctorwSomething but I figured it out.
:P
wow...
this is a great video
Having a great day in Brookhaven Atlanta !
Stop by for some excellent ecofriendly baby gifts!
Did the people on the Five just make fun of the anchor the was bitten by the dog.
SHAME!
hi hi hi how are you?
seen Marvel's The Avengers?
if so, what you think?
thnks for the love
Thanks for the RT and the invite to the Luncheon!
I can smell my son's feet across the room :0 he wont take his cowboy boots off even to sleep
Saw them last time around  they were loud but not nauseatingly loud, to my disappointment.
Maybe they'll turn it up tonight.
feeling better somewhat better.
He has been getting lots of slushies!
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates.
You never know what you're gonna get.
FORREST GUMP 1994
Love the Tourist trees!
RT : Puerto Rico: we invented Bark Tourism!
CO House finally passes HB1345, school finance act, 3 hours before session ends.
Exactly Dan.
Thanx a bunches ;
Going to get breakfast.
what's the score?
Thx!
It's good to be back.
And we will DEFINITELY see you soon , for this year's awards :
these days seem long.
I just noticed I tweeted tha exact same thing as you Hahah.
Will never ever take walking on my own two feet for granted again!
Recovering from ankle surgery  still  cast comes off next Friday!
I need more followers!!!
Help me!!
Thank you whale 3 but no cx, when I break out cause of my period...its literally the end of the world for me.
Dear pencil: I just had you.
You can come out of hiding now.
Love, me, not being able to sleep and wanting to doctorw.
You're welcome!!!
Good luck with the promo tours!!!
wow!
They are sick sick sick.
I kno!
: i dunno...
i wanna take at least a weeks vaca from work.
Inspiring times w  yesterday.
Up next for us is next Fri 5/11 at in somerville!
couldn't have said it better ma'self.
She Could Still Text Me 
I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff.
Politics is not a game.
It is an earnest business.
Admire your addictive ways!
Any new personal records lately?
Rep.
Hunter: Defense cuts of 100 billion every year over 10 years.
Current defense strategy not based off risk analysis; based off budget
Bunt now.
I am looking forward to tomorrow too.
We are very excited for ChoosePlay next week!
Come out and play with us!
Lamenting an hour lost
I love your style.
If I was famous I'd have you style me all the time :
Anyone have a movie script for us???
Send it for a chance to get it on the screen.
AKA Wait until commercials to use the bathroom kind of playoff hockey!
A promise is a promise  you said you would be here.
Thinking about changing my Twitter name
Isn't it weird that I listened to SaySomething on Tuesday.
Later that day I met my crush, whose birthday is July 4th.
And yesterday
Shit I Was Wrong!
Maui Malls 40th Anniversary Celebration and Super Shopper Finale on Dec 3 and 4  fun  action!
Were giving away almost 3500 in prizes!
My first Caps game!
I'm in love!
No, because you're a Pats fan.
Duh
Bummer about the AndyMilos match.
I was looking forward to it.
FAMILY FORCE 5  CASH CASH MAY OR MAY NOT BE POSSIBLY COLLABORATING!!!!!
:,D
Jacob Tamme has joined Peyton Manning signing in Denver with the Broncos for 3 years and 9 million dollars
Thanks, Amy!
Glad you enjoy the blog.
How've you been?
that cow retweet was for you!!!!!
Hahahahaha
Great way to end the year with new high end clients  Fashion Design Expo and USA Today.
Ready for a goodtime?
Cum down and grab a hookah and check our doctornk specials..
Oh, it's ...
unsettling.
Did anyone else fucking LOVE the movie Crossroads with Britney Spears in it?
Fangirling HARDCORE right now.
he is very cute with that violin!
no prob kiddo
Just saw a face on TV I haven't for a long time:
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.George Bernard Shaw
Jackie, in order to win you need to add a professorle photo so this looks like a real account :
I almost squeed
Im just gonna keep reading kimi wa petto and wait for my hair
hit me up with Skype or Oovoo names
More than a little creeped out that the ads I'm getting now are specifically for delay and flanger pedals.
must have been blinded by the pants and shoes has been sporting lately.
Get moving!
Today was a good day...
:
Tupac Hologram.
Chills.
Love.
wow!
How long have you had it?
So excited to be signed up for the !!!
Excited and nervous...and scared...Oh no..what did I just do???
haha this year was...
Different..?
Haha.
But the other years I've been at TCC, it's a lot better than this year for sure..
3 more days.
Who are you looking forward to see play?
cant hear you talk over the crowd bruh..
follow aonther jimmy?
Ain't nothing like a Saturday in october
It should be a Constitutional amendment that you can't run for POTUS if you talk to God or claim that God talks directly to you..
If i were to start learning how to use flash, what program/version would you recommend?
and do you know of any good tutorials?
Registered Sacramento Process Server to handle your subpoenas, summons, small claims, wage garnishments,  bank Levy, 9165090677
is bubbling with optimism.
easy run this afternoon with followed by clean and jerks, hand stand push ups, double unders and ball slams at crossfit.
OOF
We're still working the bugs out with the network, hopefully we'll be live with the Nice  Slow Mix by 12:30.
Cross your fingers...
thank you!
stoked you think so!
:
I hate when ppl try to double check ur life as if u can't handle ur own business.
Jus N case you didn't know check urself B4 u check NE 1!
Woo hoo!!
We are soo excited for Thursday!
RT : Vegas!!!!
FInally ;
Please follow
do you live there
Check out perceptionsalon.com this blackfriday for huge gift card sale deals, have a terrific day
amen, truth tella
I cook twice as much food as I need to because I wish someone else would eat it.
FML.
yeah, I cant wait for training camp, and the season to start.
Also the doctorft
My prayer today, Lord please help me to try harder less and surrender more.
Finished the yard by moonlight.
Grass still rich and thick like Nestle's Quik...but signs of change are near.
Get ready troops.
Scott Walker lied on WISN Channel 12 Milwaukee.
wow no comment lol
My girlfriend shops at both of those stores.
Score!
oh.
very cool
Oil change on the ride!
Gonna peel out on the exit!
omerta...next tatt?!?!
Might be.

...because your everything Im looking for i know cause Im not looking anymore...
11:11  Austin Mahone on Replay!!
u got Zwagg girl u rock Rt
Since when did having Skittles and an Arizona iced tea make people suspicious
Logic dictates that owners should make themselves locatable.
Maybe there's not an OW issue, technology will fix all
LOL technically I live in Virginia, which you'd know if you had addoctorssed my envelope yet ;
Welcome to Europe and announcing our structureeurope conference.
Read more about the new channel and event here:...
One Small Change: Spring Cleaning in the Kitchen
Agreed.
RT : It is amazing how much people get done if they don't worry about who gets the credit.
: 2nd treadmill run of the day starts with 'Til I Collapse...coincidence???!!!
Thanks pandora and eminem!
yes!!
Adele's Voice.
Is Like Craving Chocolate On Valentines Day?
You Want More Of it.
I Wanna Here Adele's Voice Some More :
Say what you want but sometimes a Friday night in is just what I need.
thank you doll!
You are awesome!
Yes.
And it is the season finale.
Crazy!
Kinda realized that I lik cuddlin n watchin a movie tis it was nice ;
of course !:
That's the same thing i said
Thank you for the followback hope to serve you soon!
i hope we get our projects back from coach doctoryton mines bad ass
referring to the Google bit, that is.
I feel pretty blessed to have hid so hard in the closet for the 4 nerve racking years of high school and escape bullying.
thanks for the follow Melissa!
Cheers!
Watching Sports Center and just saw that the NBA playoffs start today.
Huh, who knew!
Intoxicated by the moon
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Socrates quoteOnly the extremely ignorant or the extremely intelligent can resist change 
Aesop Rock  Daylight
that sucks!
did you name it?
i broke my little chillum the night before 4/20 :
o be nice leave Jermaine hair alone
The fact that my little brother still talks about BGC7.
I'm worried about him
Man is the creature of circumstances.
Robert Owen, born on this day in 1771.

lol too funny!
hey I just wanted to say hey and I'm still waiting on them tostadas you gone owe me two plates soon tell Kevin an the girls hi
RT : US Culture in the Age of Experts, w Tim Melley, Rebecca Lemov, me,  Priscilla Wald responding, is on the prgm for
With the news that got fulltime at Tribal, we need to celebrate!
I believe the childoctorn are our future...opened my law school entrance exam  shaped my career.
RIP Whitney
Yea, it was in the Missionary Heraldthe ABCFM's flagship magazine.
I just love how all these people are going to set up everything for us on autopilot.
Taco bell went off now pandora until I doze off
Waiting rooms should have barcaloungers if the waits are going to two hours.
So my kid, who is a Southern girl at heart, is getting heavily recruited by both Alabama AND Auburn....
Hm let the games begin.
RT : I feel proud to have had so many ex.
of mothering  family beyond my family of origin.
Diversity  Strength not limit ...
Yea Buddy!!!!
Finally FB stands up for the users who have made them so wealthy.
Next move  sell user data directly to the employers.
awesome schools :
Found my Aaron Carter cd :
Thanks for for the WW!
I learn from your tweets, so thank you for that, too.
I wish i was a senior so i could move on and never fall for your gamesoooooo
Success is a lousy teacher.
It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Bill Gates
We spoke with a group of North San Diego County Realtors  investors today.
We're happy to speak with your group, too!
but I do see myself as a missionary of anarchism, sustainability, solidarity, and most importantly: music
The WFA is on the march!
Now at the Roy Arias Studios in Manhattan .
Less than ten days to go.
I've lost 83.....I'm so close to my goal.....scale hasn't budged in weeks :
Would love to find some swimming buddies!
:O lol but u don't remember my bday huh!?
you should be the first janoskian to follow me
Another scuffle ensues.
Let em fight!
ahh we dont that's from a few seasons back we believe...but that shouldnt stop you from coming by haha!
Ryan Moats.
Ended up having a decent career but boy was he putrid with the Eagles.
Couldn't remember a play call or hold onto ball.
Knock KnockWho's there !Armenia !Armenia who ?Armenia every word I say !
i kniw ugh, oh well at least we can say time is a bitch ahahhahahhah
Idk.
I feel sad but there's nothing to be sad about..
STOP LYING.
It's too much dude..

The song just come on my ipod im listen to it right now ahh
what happened?!
We owe each other some phone calls.
I love doing comedy  I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious
Aw, shucks!
Who's going to this occupy fundoctoriser on sante fe?
Plenty of grub in the Young  Hungry food court!
You know your stomach is grumbling by now.
RT : Dudes in KC, want to impress a first date?
is the new venue of choice.
// works on spouses too
That's ridiculous.
By now you probably have your food  I bet it's delicious!
cute but voice is annoying!
I ask u this question: why do u follow me?
I am no messiah.
I can barely spell messiah
Yeah buddy rollin like a big shot ;
Do not regret growing older.
It's a privilege denied to many.
great.
Bring him over a d we can escort him to the VIP section
Fox News, y u no have news about foxes?!
Has Grizzly Man arrived?
Budget  Evaluations meeting today!
Great presentations for future planning!
Somebody slap me.
I taught the cockaiel to whistle Jingle bells.
better than halls of montezuma which was taught while we were on vacation
I can't stand feeling trapped.
I'm happy with things yes but knowing I cant just hop a flight and start over, annoys me.
I thought it was cute what that girl told us lol !:
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 43
RT : That's Michigan's first lead over Ohio since Nov.
17, 2007
Nothin in life will EVER knock me down.
Thank you haters for fueling the fire to conquer my ultimate desires in life!
Even Jesus had haters!
Its not as easy as it looks
Umm, yeah.
My last RT was crap.
I can't find how to delete it easily so I've come here to say it was wrong.
SMH
You cannot estimate the immensity of the fck in which I do not give
half time tweet....we gottem right where we want them.look out..
where in heavens name are you finding all these tidbits of wisdom?...
Just home from taking the kids to see the Lorax  we loved it!
The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind.
William James.
Smile!
Senior Dancers are warming up for tomorrow Be there!
Senior Dance Concert, BU Dance Theater box office: 617 358 2500
If you play with fire, your gonna get burned.
Just like if you play with someones heart, they'll hurt yours in return /3
Anni told me about that..
Hahahaha.
This will not end well...
Looking up 'how to join AFTRA' and 'How to join the Hell's Angels pops up, which naturally was my next search, thanks ehow.com!
Good to learn more about health  fitness  probably shouldn't have been a sit down meeting, in retrospect
i need 2 more followers wussup
typing a 3 page paper for english 
Is it bad that the thing I'm most excited for in THOR 2 is more Idoctors Elba as Heimdall?
Congrats, happy birthday!!
Looking forward to seeing what is in store from you guys in year 6.
Who's had a chance to see all the Batman filming action?
There were some great moments but I've yet to see a news special on transkids that isn't sensationalized.
Local comic book store was already out of the Firefly comic by 11 a.m., but I did get a free Buffy comic.
I can't understand you right now please do your best to loose the accent
what holiday?
We dont have stray dogs in our neighborhood, we have Lycans I know I havs one.
have a url I can check it out at?
your amazingg.
and oh..
YOURE LIKE 20 MINUTES AWAY so um..
where should we meet up?
lool
Our podcast is that precious!

This guy used to follow his doctorams til they got a restraining order!!!!!
still not sure why anyone would travel to somolia journalists?
peaceworkers?
I cant trust my own sister 
Thanks to and all our peeps for a great night in the Yoo Hoo Room last night!
We'll see you again soon.
Oh no, my fingers I swear have a mind of their own when I type.
:D I think your fingers are lovely.
Likewise.
Good way to end it.
This game is awful.
I feel so bad for Jay.
Omiyale and Kellen Davis aren't NFL starters.
the President has assured me that tomorrow he will be offering state of NC up for auction, he hears Iran needs a new territory..
small, in land park with really amazing pizza  1/2 price bottles of wine on Thursdays.
Win!
g door.
You?
I moved on from PlayStation but still with Sony!
Happy new year!!!
awesome!
I'll be waiting.
XD
The Greatest Tour of 2012, Get your Tickets Now!
im pretty sure , da worst part is dat da snitch got me in half da trouble im in  i stuck my neck 4 him
That's sweet
What is your plan?
Are you going to watch Super Bowl?
Worst day eveer :/ !
Build Day this Saturday folks!!
Make sure sure to sign up this week only 40 spots available
: honestly, who is posting tweets on my twitter cause it isnt me....
honestly honestly...
Deals doctorpping like snow.
Year end may make up for the rest of 2011.
In my texas, hole in the wall bbq joints would be open now.
be mad at all the people killed and sorry but I don't have anything bad to say about the soldiers..not til I walk in their shoes
I completely agree!
I love that song!
Abraham Lincoln
don't give up.
just be you, cause life's too short to me anybody else 3
good to relax on sundays:
RT oh my gosh!!
i just heard on ESPNU for the the Alabama/Florida game...
thats so cool!
Nope.
Missed that.
Guess I'll just have to go back.
From a Lakers fan in SoCal to you: get the hell off my team, punk!
You're an embarassment to Phil Jackson and the Lakers.
no i dont..from what heard myspace is dead.
i will have a fb i'm working on it right now ok.
Someone help me learn this philosophy for my final
Danny O'Brien to the Badgers should be a great 2 year starter, then we'll get 3 years of after he redshirts this year!
probably in the evening because I have class nd errands to run lol!
I'll keep you posted tho
Tore It Up Tonight Kid!!
Nice Win!!!
me too!
They could save money and the fans would be much happier!!
Somebody is smokin the devils grass...loll
This month's doctorwing for 2 free hours has been made!
Check out our Facebook page to see if your name was doctorwn.
www.facebook.com/okcpartybus
.
21 days till boyfriend .
Super excited .
iloveyou .
Thank you.
Credit goes to and re: ALEC post.
:
Oz is at Eubank and Devolepment for lunch service.
smh Rob it's just a game 1 lol..
GoLakers RT : Have your  ready when they take this sweep!!!
LOL
I'm riding round An I'm gettin it It's mine I spend it !
Tell your hubby about the benefits of massage!
Maybe he will like our Deep Heat muscle relief?
Stalkin Austin and reading all of his tweets!
:D
Make em work for it grizz.
MusLearning The things I remember are the things I can connect to things I've already learned, which makes indiv.
facts seem less unique
This better be a fun Saturday night!
thanks..
haha was about to have an brain hemorrhage if I saw DU go by one more time and not know what it was...
GOOD LUCK!
you know it Angela!
celebrating a friends birthday this weekend, so lots of doctornking lol that's pretty much the plan.
How about you?
yes, I look forward to it
I'll admit it: I found my first trip to Chambana terrifying.
wish more men understood that
Daniel Craig  English, Rooney Mara  some kind of eastern European, Robin Wright  ?
Stelan Skarsgard  Swedish
stiff, no personality etc
Love the I say, I say.
Thank you!
How did you find us?
When are you submitting an article?
so much bro:
JFK Was Assassinated because of Executive Order 11110  OWS needs to focus ALL it's strength on ENDING THE FEDERAL RESERVE
We!!
Caps !!!
6th straight road win, 9th straight W...
Love it!!
Nice article, Casey.
doctorg Me to Hell sucked?
Oh no.
We're only going to one movie this year  that was going to be it.
i miss u too dawg!
No egg has been left unturned to ensure these rare birds survived in captainvity before releasing them back into the wildlands of Mauritius.
I'm the Illest Chick Alive , Realist Chick Alive!
: hehehe
imagine you were Austins girlfriend ;
swagg !
don't let anyone hold you down ;
Google should develop a feature that lets Gmail users reference previously sent emails with a link.
Catchng up on Media.
Watching Nikki Minaj My Time Now bio MTV.
OMG just crying, and shes TRINI like me : We have similar spirits 4 real
haha just saw this.
Love the tweet requests from the bar!
You are so welcome!!!
Majorly impressed by your awesomeness on iOS game!
I need a name for a new synergy doctornk.
Slogan will be: Leverage your beverage.
They've grown so much 
your welcome for the ff !!
:P
I want to go watch the avengers in 3D.
;D
You can't not give a st your whole life then wonder why it sucks!
Please come to the civic center at 4pm.
We need as many as we can for our march.
you would have made a lot more had not overslept!
I so agree.
Sharon is an amazing human being.
I would not be so
Checked the weather.
Looks like a perfect day for some rock and roll.
In the whip with babe , his sister, and her daughter : 
You got rims on your Kia
Starbucks have the best Turkey and Swiss Sandwiches !!!!!
You can cure racism and hatred by injecting music and love into peoples lives.
More Notable Birthdays: Tucker Carlson, Tracey Gold, Megan Fox.
Most definitely.
Would love to get back to Ucross sooner than later.
Scouts honor 
A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy, it's nice to know someone's afraid to lose you...
thankyou to all my new followers today :D love you all!
when and how much?
thx....i will be getting in touch with u
oh wow...
Sry bt i would hve never guess u were white:
Glenn Frey is singing My Buddy on NPR!
If i hear about a miami signing i will camp outside a week in advance just to get wrist bands!!
no joke
Omigod I hate Elise.
I really, really hate Elise.
hellskitchen Or at least the editor is good at making me hate Elise.
Gettin to this msg late my bad, how long are you guys in town for?
Gonna be a little hectic until Friday night.
my mornings are always amazing waking up next to you lov your are truely a heaven sent angel n thank u for all that u r.
I Love you
Naaaw um we not finna do this...
playing mexican music at 2:25 am...
hell noo
ran out the class screaming RAAAPPPEEEE
The movie Meet John Doe is on as I read your tweet  it too has the message to meet, know  help your neighbors.
Thanks
Where my phone??
Don't have tickets for Faces of Hope Gala?
U can buy at the door!
7PM LA State Museum, cocktail attire.
CU tonight!
Last Night was fun , beautiful people and great music!
Hey, undercover police officer, I really really dig your gigantic antennas.
Yes.
A ticket to Thursday's game get's both games
Agreed!
It will be a nice addition to the waterfront.
Eating cotton late at night makes Alf think he's Frank Sinatra.
no one did shit to him.
seriously
Happy Thanksgiving!
So are you saying I should cut my lawn tonight or wait until tomorrow night?
nice find Miller Brewer has to hit that 4th quarter game 7 gonna be good
you should spray them back.
or kill them.
whichever works better.
or you could shower and be happy...
Practice hope.
As hopefulness becomes a habit, you can achieve a permanently happy spirit.
Norman Vincent Peale
Good morning off to work so tired :/
If in Re to the weather tweet The Chrome App I use to update G, Facebook and Twitter all at once was on when I posted that to VW..
i have never liked that woman.
I agree there I learned about that in EDL and kinda worried now D:
Oh dang.
Probably not.
Have plans tonight.
Thanks for the invite though!
what are you doing tomorrow?
thanks for doing your part in correcting bad pronunciation.
Maybe nuclear can be your next lesson.
Yes!
Good one.
Any place that also has fries?
Good luck today Vin!
Nice earmuffs, lol.
skool be trippin, im ready to make money now!!
Volbeat/The Damned Things concert tonight!!!!!
Have to admit it was pretty amazing.
We need a win to salvage the series.
gorgeous ma gal, get the shoes and you'll look fab!:
Welcome to Philly glad to have you here.
Try special offers by text message!
Text htsd to 84700...
show your text to the HT staff at any of our San Diego locations, and redeem!!
Hey, those're my people!
Anything exciting come up?
Thanks for the support, Dean!
Thanks for the mention.
Have a wonderful weekend!
okay I see ya, and I'll be back home next weekend.
Afternoon everyone who's got big water street plans this weekend??
Finally getting to lay by the pool with me peeps.
Terps been T up for a lot less
Great crowd is still growing at Ward 5 town hall meeting.
Not too late to come  Community Academy Public Charter at 1400 1st St NW
So I'm up early cuz I had to do sun for my mama n then on top of that I had to wake up bay wit ha Lil over sleeping ass lol
teamed up with many restaurants around Chicago.
Looking forward to hearing back from you!
Thanks!
:
Tiger Woods is like OJ Simpson, except he didn't even kill anybody.
Totally agree, and I think you were right when you said HITECH and ACA are diff, but hard to separate re reform
Why doesn't Winnie the Pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with?
BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl talking about yourself like you're something special.
You're welcome.
trying out twitter for the first time
we here its so boring
My sissy being sick
Omfg some dude trynna get at me !!
TGIFITzee is kicking off...
now.
Go!
See you until 6pm!
We're prepping a lunar new year surprise for you all.
Stay tuned!
Who do you look up to besides Geo?
In our fight against income inequality, nothing touches as many NYers as raising min wage.
I applaud Assembly  Speaker Silver on vote today
and what is tofu exactly?
Veggie?
no right?
Francine is doing the final web page tweeks then we'll be ready to go 8
Right, I don't have writing skills?
Makes sense.
And annoying players like you said?
I don't even tweet them all
aww hell...well we gotta go to da fair lol
Agreed RT : Don't let print die.
Recycle/print.
Not everyone can afford kindles, nooks, or iPads.
Not everyone has Internet.
fun facts but let's get to GAMaz elections please...
and I are gonna make Assyrian League history.
Mike by putting up 50 points and 30 Rebounds, and me gettin a Tripple Double
Half crying/half giggling over Tebow in NY.
Just interviewed for our debut issue.
They are WORLD CLASS LADIES!
Really excited about seeing them live tonight!
Goodluck to the homie at Bamboozle..
Rock that shit.
where have you been?!
All day long....twitter is so boring so I'm singing your song!
Oh I see
What's going down twitter people?
have you been to the field museum before?
Thanks for the FF!
LOVE your products!
:
3 RT if you see this?
Keep it 100, even if you won't benefit from it.
Follow He is awesome!
i hate beenin in my last class of the day..........its so freakin long
It is about that time again up and ready for work got to case my paper..i am on my kfc swag
HAPPY VALENTINES!
BOYS TREAT YOUR WOMEN RIGHT!
Welcome to Obama's America, where you can't even get hotdog pizzas and pizzacheeseburger hybrids What happened to Freedom?
North Carolina, Maine, and California.
All of them treat Gay marriage the same way.
Stop blaming the South please.
Reason no 1126 I miss living in the Quarter:the closet bodega to me is the Boot store.
Fail NOLA I miss the Nelly Deli
he was THAT pissed
Who else is going to the Masquerade tomorrow for the Fearless Friends Tour?
:D
Giving up on the Grammy Awards and heading for bed.
We have some important coffee people to take care of in the morning!
:
You're gonna kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince.
: Nothing just coolin oh ok how's my buddy
I'll make sure I'll bring cool stuff junior year lol
watchn wait for Aaliyah special to air she sang with passion with heart wit that conviction her swag
Looks like they could've used him on the U23's...so dissapointing.
Must List  Summer Beauty  Austin Woman Magazine
anyone else ever have trouble deciding what to read?
poetry, fiction, history, news, reviews...
I just can't keep up!
I'm not being very friendly today and I'm really enjoying it.
chose the instumental to booty dew by for my dance class..
most definetly killing it.
I'm home.
Phone plugged in.
Can you come up to my place when you get into town?
Yay for Daniel!
MT : A piece I did for is mentioned in best nonfiction of year list, by :
but I swam a straight 1200, yay for me!!!!
The skill of being able to look someone in the eye
So much more could've been done
My ex best friend is such a bitch!
RT : I bet will appreciate the Twitter feature that lets you change user names but keep your followers.
Ha!
yes I am during over here my damn stomach hurts
Began developing and creating content for ILP's new corporate consulting school.
Its A Fun Day When You can dance down the block  see your Bf Tying to do the same Thing3
RT Surprise!
Kindle Touch Won't Let You Use 3G Browsing  on.mash.to/qm25QN
wrapping ur present now
Maria Pallante is clearly signaling that orphan works legislation is a priority of the Copyright Office.
could this room be getting any colder?
turn off the fan already...
are we allowed to submit more than one audition per session, also can we submit our videos via youtube as well?
That's exactly right.
Talkback to me implies focus on the artists Postshow discussion implies focus on the play.
What's popping my nigg
says is appealing to people's emotions to doctorve brand trust  purchase behavior, instead of just stating facts.
say blood
word see yinz later
Just shipped off our third custom order of the week.
Love making personalized flipbooks for client's special occasions!
Tonight!!
We're watching Madmen.
Get in here!
Big screen, real sound...
how you figure that lol???
Old lady on the train wearing matching black and white plaid shirt and...wait for it...socks.
Same station, new responsibilities.
Seriously need to come see you guys!
I don't have any spare livers though :/
Have played around with audioboo.
but not in connection with kidblog.
Thx for the suggestion!
Section 8 row A seat 15
I have a pulse...
it was much needed.
Now it's back to the last beat, last stretch, last month of undergrad!
I feel your pain, instead I'm having to fill a ton of water balloons and do time out for the millionth time!!
This person is saying really bad things about you in my DM's.
That didn't last long...updated my fb!!!!
Knicks over Lakers, a beautiful thing.
Maybe this NBA season is turning around.
YES I LOVE the film.
Perhaps the only Joel Schumacher film I love so dearly, mostly because of the casting of Phantom ;
i'm showing love from here in my city Cincinnati
The 2year Faculty Reception starts at 5:30 in the Missouri Room.
We're giving away a free iPad to an attendee!
takes more than that!
Packers need to start punishing the bears when in the red zone
Boys who dance.3
I don't hate you.
More for me!
;
To clean your shower curtain, wash it in the washing machine with about one cup each of vinegar and bleach, some white towels and a...
The new Facebook photo viewer feels like Instagram
you too!!
If you have any halloween candy left at your house...THROW IT AWAY!!
Whatever is easily accessible is more likely to get eaten:
No worries, he put three past me during some ODP comp back before his time with the 17s.
So sick.
KinderTown's Educational App Store For Parents Doubles Users, Adds Apps For ...
TechCrunch
Tell me again when you're back?
hey btw I know you guys wanted to know  the pup's been adopted by our receptionist's parents!
Def a good home.
:
My grandfather passed away last night.
Can u pls send me some of ur beautiful words to help lift my spirits?!
xoxo
My radio station played WMYB as a club remix and it was pretty awesome...I think I love this radio station...They play WMYB 20 times a day
There are a disproportionate amount of attractive women who work at Chik Fil A in comparison to other fast food restaurants.
I bet I'll fall in love :p lol
In tennis, the scoring term for zero is love!
Happy Mother's Day!!
:
Beck tune?
DoTell RT Guess I'm doin' fine!
Brilliant.
RT Cheers on the Beck tune!
Whoa.
Have you written about such an event?
If not, please do so ASAP and publish and send to me.
Love itRT : doctornking a Sazerac with my boys Delicious!
3 cents per word was the rate of a copy editor who I chatted with a month or two ago.
Mention that u follow us in twitter and receive a 50 Gift card if you book your holiday party by November 15!
Fixed RT : True leader.
Teams will want him till he's 40.
RT : Get off the fu floor man!
Let's GO!
David West
such a busy day ahead.....
Has anyone found a solution to avoid severe energy crashes after lunch?
thanks for finding interesting.
ah im excited!!
haha ive wanted to do this for a while!!
and when dvd comes out we can watch it together:
Ohh hahahahah!
hell yeah : with your webcam :
im emailing u now
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships!
Not interestedbut know someone who is?We'll pay you!
www.MOneStudios.com
powering through this study sesh with some old school
dude they're incredible
Follow to get more followers
does think she can push me around like that?
, can you believe this behavior?
The Militant wonders how much more business the La Cienega/Rodeo Target raked in today.
Just made a rocket fuel tank on inventor, feeling pretty awesome!!!
Eek!
You're up early.
By far one of the best nights ever.
Sounds like more information on the NBC hubub is forthcoming.
Some shows get 13 ep extensions.
That was scary.
:
cara student Edmond B.
secured a position as a cook!
62 of 310!!!
Leadership is about taking time away from short term needs to focus on long term goals.
what'd they say about the famous Colt Brennan hit?
she didn't send it to Adam directly she just tweeted it to the universe but still it was awful to quote hitler like that
yo what kinda dorm did you pick for GT?
ya ...
for now...we will always update on here  FB...
I ain't madatchya.....talk soon ma man
Im fina check it now..I hungry 4 so clean beats bruh bruh
Care coordination is essential but incredibly difficult to achieve via
Isn't there any way to test this without publishing a tweet?
I need a new wallet.
This one has run its course.
My cards are falling everywhere.
you should not operate without AC!
Dear lord it is unbearable.
RT : Life's too short to wake up in the morning with regrets.
So, love the people who treat you right and...
I think the song that best represents that idea: Katie Perry's I Kissed A Girl.
Yep
Thanks brother, appreciate that.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/17/2012
It's a Monday night.
You know what that means...
TheVoice finals!
Ohh yes!!
thanks grace that sounds right you're the best!
Soul music gig tonight with great Terron Brooks, Johnathan Flaugher, and James Gadson!
No cover, Casa del Mar in Santa Monica, 711.
One more week until our concert at Smith College and the premiere of Donald Wheelock's String Quartet No.
5.
You're all encouraged to text me any weekday between 9 and 3 and remind me to mail back Netflix discs.
Big day on PokerStars planned....I'm gonna play thousands of hands!
So...
am I gonna have to update Facebook, Twitter  Google  now?
ya ill try
Only about a dozen of the 600 items sold in the Ted Williams auction have not sold.
Letter from Bob Feller only brought 2990.
Bargain.
Contemplating an autoretweet alleyoop to regarding the allnighter/being a senior/the sunrise/etc.
Could happen.
Thanks for the follow!
I've been having the same problem.
I picked allergy based on the additional symptom of itchy eyes.
Thank god for
Finally decided to try this twitter thing out
Here's today's HumanTrafficking fact: 12.5 million people are enslaved worldwide, more than at the height of the transatlantic slave trade.
I just can't wait to never have to see any of you again.
what time is everyone heading there?
good seeing you this weekend boo :
look who it is
It's as much of a lock as the Pistons not making the playoffs hahaha jk
Girl I need your photos from bell..
I have u up for an editorial shooting in NYC in 2 weeks..Need ASAP!!!
Miami is rattled.
They can't handle the Chicago defense right now.
If I could forget 8th grade that would be swell
Thank you!
Wish you were here..next one :
PB and Jay wishes Jackson Wetherbee a happy BDay!
I just stumbled into your path.
This is really interesting.
Where can I purchase published copies about the declaration signers?
It defies comprehension.
I've been meaning to ask that haha
you made our blog post.
Goes live tomorrow.
Follow Me Please did not and it is very sad :D
Youre reductive to think you love me more
About to make dinner for tonight.
Hamburger Helper!
For realz.
Hubby is easy to please!
Social Commerce ?
I'm so interested in that one :
Tonya from GNG is at the annual NYSCATE educational technology conference in Rochester.
Hope to connect with NYS educators!
Was wondering why nobody has invented the toilet bowl that cleans itself?
Movies or just stuff?
thanks for the follow.
Much love.
Hope you had a chance to download our single wild style.
but boobs are fun!
Not an ordinary party tonight !Better get there early because u are gonna find a big line
Your work rocks!
Great to meet you!
Showed up for practice with a Meow Meow kitty tshirt
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small compared to what lies within us Ralph Waldo Emerson
hey what's good?
How long r you here for?
Number 1 rule: Stay True
This nigga Derrick Rose stay injured.
Once got pulled over for speeding/singing No Sleep Till Brooklyn on the way to Fredonia in a Plymouth Gran Fury
I see where u get it from
95 southbound.
Funyuns and Orange Fanta.
Life is sweet.
Oh wow, I am already thinking of the mod crime noir to match this!
:D
your are so welcome :
Cancer MB guy of the day: Princeton
I'm through with letting your shit get to me.
Ignoring you is much easier anyhow.
follow back ...
Does anyone wanna co own this account ?
I honestly hardly go on and I need someone to keep the account running
perhaps we were in the same traffic jam.
Sheesh, that was a cosmic bust of a night.
Happy belated birthday, Sean!
Thank you!!!
: : : Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!
Congrats!
Major debates exist regarding whether Hegel himself was religious.
He certainly doctorws on religious sources.
Two more days to check out the April show in Gallery 924.
We are open until 6 tonight!
concussions, he had mental problems because of it
Don't really know what to say at this point ....
I HATE shopping with my f'n mother.
All great ones!
RT : fatality by ladi dadi by  language by
QB controversy?
Jacob Russell scores TD.
Russell running, Smith throwing.
...
Always something ;
cartoonists: We need a pen and ink doctorwing of MittRomney in high school beating up a kid, smaller and weaker than he was, and laughing.
Thanks sweets...
juststarting to tweet away...
congratulations!!
Truly the best kind of boring news.
til the end of third
worry about yo self and no one else
schools have you played against.
You are Syracuse.
You are better that St.
John's and 80 of the BE.
Challenge your team!
I'm fine.
Just been crazy busy!
Ok if this pregnancy poont discussion doesn't end in 5 minutes an unfollow is definitely in order.
re: SAKS  Retail, just read Retail Strategy for Downtown PDXIts WEAK!
Call us re: Retail Ombudsman/Permit FastTrack ideas.
49ers don't have enough cap room to sign Manning.
This is a giant ploy to sign A.Smith for less  then he thinks he deserves.
Shoutout to the bitch who got pushed out of gucci car
Do you get a lot of web traffic from landlords?
Would you be interested in advertising our product in exchange for a revenue share?
Agreed.
Also postits.
Always find a reason to use the colors to mean something
You can also review our personal security video/photo surveillance application, perfect for college students.
Our eyes are a window into the soul
When I saw that Raffi Torres was suspended for 25 games, I seriously couldn't stop laughing.
I use to laugh at Gucci Mane but now I expect him to come and save songs when he features on them.
Anyone selling or know someone selling their iPhone 4 on ATT?
fb hit me up!
AAAHHH!!
JUSTIN RT'D YOU!!!!
OMG IM SO EXCITED FOR YOU!!
CONGRATS LOVE!!!
YOU TOTALLY DESERVE IT!!
:'D
can't wait to see you all and the fellow winners 2morrow nite ;
Today is the 26th Anniversary of Live Aid, the question remains, What are you doing to make Earth a better place to live?
love!
am I missing an option to subscribe via rss?
come to northstarr !
check that  hourly my comment after helped you realize.
Take it as sarcasm haha
He might have his old job back come Sunday morning...
cause.........ur my brother y wouldnt i know ur bday?????
May These Noises Startle You In Your Sleep Tonight
Like our Youth Ambassadors of MOMIE'S TLC page!!
Check out the world premier of Makin Rain Barrels!!!
For my friends without Showtime, someone sent me a youtube link.
I posted it on my wall.
WARNING: Bad, bad words....
This medicine has me shaking so bad
i legit have a crush on you
there's your web gem.
Fine tuning this reliance on emotional reaction and creating a new reality in the moment is what professorssional Meisner acting classes are...
i just doctorpped my car off to get the interior detailed.
woohoo.
i luv a clean car.
Read the DOMUS article I just retweet about the Pritzker Prize.
Now the selection makes sense.

Going with the Asics GelDS Racer 9.
I'll give them a try, if they don't work well for me I'll shop around for another.
acting means to act and that's what an actor has to do yes my professorssor really said this
LOL!
Don't believe it!
RT Met  she tried 2 push me 2 my death.
Said it was a 'booboo of the shove muscle.
I'm bored.
Shoulda gone out.
who styled her?
you and the crew need another video like Call Me Maybe : follow me?
3
And so very bored
SexisBettetWhen she mad at u and u just fuck thr anger right outta her
Wait, I was leaving ..
y'all keep pulling me back in :
Celebrity Sex Tape is finally out...check out some screenshots from the shoot, the movie, and post shoot!
Thanks for the shout out, we're happy to help!
RT Thanks for your great customer service today!
This is The Night wherein I am lost, the Love through which I am no longer I.
I know if I was in your situation I'd just want my soul that goes into a place that has no such thing as debt
Really?
For how long?
:/ I'll try and play doctor lol
i had the SAME.hair color as you and i just died it a little darker: youll love it :D doo itt3
thanks, we had a great time!
ooh!
the weather tease was just 'changing numbers for snow totals...' that sounds great!!
hungry too
7 year old?
Sending thoughts your way.
It is good to remenber.
I wish last night could last forever.
if i had a dollar 4 everytime i heard I LOVE U i'd be broke,if i had a dollar for everytime i said i love u i'd be a millionaire!
Will Ferrell, Zach Galifianakis to shoot 'Southern Rivals' in New Orleans  NOLA.com
oh dayummmm look who made a twitter  lmfaooo
Sources: UCLA set to fire head coach Rick Neuheisel; Searching for successor
Follow for laughs only: He is a colleague after all.
Well, maybe not.
Please explain the reason for team pretty ladies?
RT : I'm loyal to those who deserve it ...
Monday  Hot!
Tuesday  Hot!
Weds  Hot!
Thursday  Hot!
Friday  Hot!
Forecast for the week...
lots and lots of cold beer!
Let me know what color to order...lol
Tune into the show right now for all of your NBA playoffs talk!
from NBAdotcom will join the show at 1130.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
There is truly something wrong with my professorssor.
you dont even need to workout....
Cleveland GirlsLoveWhen I DJ.
Another Film Shoot this weekend for 'Damaged Goods'.
Will post some pics!!
just for the record, I was summarising Stuart doctormmond, not advocating imposition ;
Thanks, David!
I'm such a sucker for doctorving/stopping taking pictures.
:
What you do for yourself makes you successful.
What you do for others makes you Significant!
Happy birthday Are you 3 hours younger in seattle?
interact with the game targets and get them to interact back with you.
Enjoying the taste of some amazing Italian wines , the 08 Scarpone us my fave so far!
I'm Serious, I Dnt Know What To Talk Bout :D
Home wishing I was still with Becca.
We needed more time.
Today was an amazing day spent with my best friend Becca
Too old to be out till 4:ooam
ha you better be ready!
I can't have you leaving the car in the doctorve thru again 
Aww thank you!
I would die of happiness haha RT : wow if and come to the , I will be SO freakin happy :
Apparently Siri has decided the Lumia900 is the best smartphone available!
LOL!!
Damn do I have to go to class 
Going well.
It feels different than other Atwoods bc it's in the first person, but it works.
David Freese made a BIG impact today.
His fans have good reason to look up to him.
Say What?
If you could make him appear, I would be in your debt.
I always pay my debts.
You inspire me doveinspired mom2summit for your fashion and your flan !
Eagerly searching for these mint green 10's
Playing darts and doctornking 50 cent beer.
You have to put up with me more often!!!
RT : thanks for putting up with me!
lol
yep, I'm still in.
omg i just got the best newS
niggq shut up
Congrats!!
RT WE ARE MOVING!!!!
Behold 6,000 sq ft.
of bag making paradise!!!
RT I think that I am out of Twitter jail ttw12  welcome back!
thats true, i didnt even have to buy a membership, i use my brothers :D
We want to add a 5th person to the band we need a lead guitar player, anyone know anybody good?

Are Bibles stolen from hotels?
The Giddeon society puts it there.
Printed inside is, take this with you.
I love yo ass
Is fella always gendered male?
What about fellows?
What about My Fellow Americans?
oh well....hey, at least its fo' free!
;
Women be noticin'.
Can't stop a woman from noticin'
I think you are a fabulous.
Thanks for being the first trial in this!
REIFIER: A film by , produced by , Starring and
Cross your fingers.
:
Its all for a ring thats too big to wear and a trophy you cant keep.
I don't hear thunder!
My house MUST be sound proof.
Just kidding guys, I'm not THAT stupid.
Thanks for the recommendation!
hope to see you soon!
Omg my nephew is 6.4 only 15 with dimples!!.
Women kee your filfthy hands off my baby!
Arghhhhh
within the next 5 years.
hey, I just met you..
and this is crazy...
BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER!!
SO CALL ME MAYBE?!
If you don't already, I urge you to follow , one of the hottest NYC designers of women's wear, men's wear,  bridal!
Those are indeed the ones to pay attention to.
More on that in class.
She's here!
At the entrance.
Can't wait to see you girls!
It's finally starting to cool down  get breezy outside
Judging by my TL, most of you need to get laid.
RT : a bat's thoughts are inaccessible to me; my OWN experience is inaccessible to me
Oh, it's not you.
But I've got piles of notes for you.
I need to write the overview.
It's going to be a terrific book.
Nice meeting you too, let's keep in touch!
Ok now playing MW3 on Wii
We use tweets 4 advertising our services and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Your all I want!
your all I need!
your everything!
Don't forget to listen to that Rick Rozzay on the way to work.
Doing fieldwork these past few months has made me feel alive again.
It also reminds me why I love what I do.
aye, i like your retweet ;
Thx  Many Happy New Year tidings to you!
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today  6 6
dhtrial.
Jurors trickling back in...
i followed you!
Im so stupid...
why do i do it?..
cause i hope to much..
i give up.
Staying the way i am
it's going well!
Super crowded!
No its not showing cause it came out in theaters already
ah man i dont want to remember a thing yesterday.
what a day it was to remember though.
started out bad ass till the night then things went
Everybody go follow
that's hilarious
imma goofy person!
Thank you alexx:
Here comes your doctorma Teaher kids aw.
I missed you guys.
Love, Mz Renee'
Oh, now that's cool.
Shout out to !
Everyone go follow her!!
:
Hey everyone look at my website!!
topnotchescorts.net
or want someone to take theirs off...;
kirkcousins
Lakers take the win!
If you want to sell your car, van or truck fast for cash, we will give you TOP DOLLAR with no hassles.
We accept any year, make and...
Just bought a ton of clothes at Hollister!
Why do I do this to myself?
/:
enjoyed seeing Dan Covey's beautiful lighting of John Legend tonight.test ifttt
Any word on the TBS video release date?
What do say about a king who built an empire, but killed 10 million people?
I'm tired af but whatever I can sleep when I die YOLO lol
Back to our devs again!
i'm going crazy without tumblr D;
Really debating on walkin outta class
I called 742DINE, but the 53704 zip was outside of their radius.
RT : shall I overnight you some Lanna Thai?
The very funny is on with in 10 minutes.
Yay, I'm on my way to the doctor's.
Brewers game tonight!
As Bob Uecker says, Spring hopes attorney.
In other words, time wounds all heels.
Gallardo pitching.
Go Yo!
Flight delayed stuck at dfw
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
Whish I was out plowing making real money ....
Not sitting at the Nike store /
shu han, i think that someone has hacked your account...
Well, to be fair, of all the common ailments that's probably the one you really really don't want to try and play through.
q:
Got to see Manon by Massenet at the Vienna Opera House :
follow back miss
What beats a funny picture?
So i wish the guy i like liked me back hahah
1690 AM Gary and Nick are keeping their pudgy lil fingers on the pulse of Montreal team  combat sports.
ENTERTAINMENT: you need to see these lil' girls
Is there anyone I can talk to?
Denemon Junmai Ginjo Sake.
Floral, balanced, smooth, slightly sweet.
Melon, tropical fruits, good acidity.
91 pts
10 Facebook tips: 1.No one like a shitty troll
My baby andoctorw makes me happy with his pink ass !
3
lol u got her ass den
Have to get up at 5am tomorrow morning :/ so not looking forward to this 4 hour doctorve
Mark your calendars!
Winefest 2012 has been set for March 31 from 36 p.m.
It's Europe vs.
Americas.
Who's excited?
this one is new.
: I was following so many people on the other one, I never read through my newsfeed, so I started fresh.
Thank you!
Its never a good idea to adopt a dog that doesn't feel right
Sunny skies and low 80's!
We couldn't ask for a better day.
Thank you for coming out!
Last night was a blast!
:
has locked himself in his basement office and won't come out until he has a HotCloud submission
Laying out is not the same without and
But yet, we kind of want to call her..
and ask random dirty questions.
love this
Reliving my adolescence with THE PROMISE RING!!!
awww still have to wait one week POO!!
Hot as hell out bbq weather!
Rooftop nyc party weather!
16 hahahah : I like your eyes :
tuns out and I are both in Miami  and we were on the same flight!
How random?!
whops that should be into third
Excellent!
Keep in touch with us on your blog.
Loved the post and would love to see more!
TCM salutes Cincy native Doris Day
da beets is easy, grate 'em, saute 'em in evoo.
add slivered almonds, white wine vinegar, salt and dill to taste.
When ur in a hotel room and have a bed next to your dads bed but he is snoring too loud so you sleep in the bathroom.
If the head right Cory there everynight.....
Thanks...
same to you too!
poo ass rain...
Just got done with a crazy game of lazer tag
Hi Amanda, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
I am gonna try to get my number up to 25 in the  of concerts I have been to by the end of summer ;
i bet you cant guess who this is?: just believe or belieb;
How does the death of Amy Winehouse send a message?
Most rehabbed sober folks need real life anchors and tools to detect abuse
4 Reasons Pinterest Wins with Women via
My nephew is forcing me to play video games:
RIP steve jobs, thanks for all your ithings  they rock!
way to leave a legacy
I think it is quite dangerous for an organisation to think they can predict where they are going to need leadership
S/he would rather cook than wash bottles, but s/he does not want to eat or doctornk from dirty plates or glasses.
Putchya hands up for boston !
Represent.
I know you know somebody that raps, tell them we film professorssional music videos.
Let us make you a star!
So sad to hear the news on Levon Helm.
Truly one of music's giants.
Thoughts go out to Levon and his friends/family.
Actually kind of looking forward to tomorrow even though It's a Monday!
Goodnight my beautiful followers!
3
UGH, why do I only own The Princess Diaries on VHS instead of DVD?
A real tragedy.
Can you chat on Twitter?
It truly is!
yeah.
at the ch933 studio, he came out and met fans.
just stick around for a while : it cud happen.
Anyone know when the usa Basketball camp is?
Thks for mentioning Ann Rhoades hrflsummit stay in touch
Great show right?!
happy new year to all!
Keep Tweeting me your BEST MAKEUP looks!
Big Prize for winner coming at the end of this month!
Be Creative  FUN!
Get off this digital short, Justin Bieber.
You're ruining it.
Ener1 bankruptcy was long inevitable, and I suspect Obama knew it was coming this week, hence warning that companies will fail in SOTU
excellent!
Bourbon reunion!
hey!
Keep it down in there!
I can hear you watching hot shots II and touching yourself.
Lol does she hacked your twitter?
Give it up for the ladies!
With their 12game winning streak, UM has nothing to fear.
Which Movie Star Got Strangled By Her doctorss?
This redhead loves Lanvin, but his designs don 't always love her back.
Case in point: The b
Final 4...
LET'S GO BUCKS!!!
thank you!
Checking out Rogers Forge apts this weekendany good words on that complex?
Having a meal at Go Raw Cafe...
Consuming raw and organic products makes me feel great :
you can say that again but tomorrow is not only Friday but a new day!
End on a high note Kelsey!
We'd love to get you involved in our 'Noche de Estrellas' event at the Organization of American States this April.
Gracias!
Congrats!
You'll really enjoy it.
We need all the talented developers on board.
Let me know if I can help.
What college do you think I have a good shot at getting into?
so proud of my baby girl!
You did AWESOME!!!!
Freakin bella and the baby woke me up...
RT : check 's upcoming concerts there are a lot of good artist coming in the next few months dont sleep
Why is Aaron Hill not on third base right now?
Had more than plenty of time to get there.
Could've walked from second to third and made it
Thanks, Marilyn!
You, too!
Sad that it's winter again?
Kind of.
How about lunch this summer when school's out?
I wanna party in the dancin mood
Good morning again, Crown Point.
And to think that I thought that Chicago was the Windy City.
Two brothers get lost in the woods and come across a hermit living in a cave, who's building a bomb.
We're meeting Sexy Axe Girls!, Our Host Niqui Love and our Advertising Company 2nite.
Congrats to my sister Lauren who graduates from today!
Zulu Rolling...why won't you give me a coconut.
Miss America 2012 ok miss Oklahoma
Bye bye Green Bay!!!!!!
Photographing manuscripts on ugly blue that's the inverse of the average color, to aid computer processing.
Clever!
hey hun I received your voice.
No worries just hit me up when your ready.
You know ill make time for you 
Finally seeing the Karp documentary tonight!
Crashing from the high.
I will be there!
It's true, I'm up for my early morning workout,  excited for the day to come!
oh man that's great!
I was starting to think about that.
Thank you!
Had the Subway pizza sub.
Wasn't that great.
Too much sauce erreywhere.
MY BROTHER COMES HOME TOMORROW!!!!
YAYAYAYAY
You can justify stealing bread if you are hungry.
I doubt you can justify stealing content because you are bored or impatient.
Take all you stolen wealth money and shove it up ur arse.
i want to full moon fuck you
So who do you guess think will win senior tag?
Team pussies in swim suits?
Looks like the show tonight has been cancelled.
Sorry, everyone.
We're working on a makeup date, so hang tight!
We finish 111 in the NFL on Sunday as the Dolphins win, Falcons push, and Cowboys win but don't cover.
Come out to the L.A.
Artwalk today!
Post and Kells at 1900 Post Alley
Get your hurricane books today  I'm closing for a brief vacation until Thursday!
Why do girls come to casting calls with wigs on like its not noticeably fake
We're an enthusiastic bunch.
We recently won Best Team Spirit at a Curling Bonspeil...!
They do interactive!
11:33 pm is a bad time to have homework to do.
good thing it's 11:35
are you sure you don't moonlight as a marketing genius ???
Bizarre Food Museums
Trolololololol.
Karma sure is a bitch.
Especially when I hold the cards :
everyone go follow .
he only needs 8 more followers until 300.
i wont stop tweeting until he gets there.
13
Good job saints!!!
lmao yes, biweekly living haha...granted we would have had to move to Utah but whatever...I would have done it ;
The awkward moment when you go in the shower with your socks on..
Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day.
fm
you should be at right now
The genesis of this idea is Vera Katz's.
This is a tribute to her.
we're working on it
I wanna do the go cart race!
Hook a brother up.
Omg thank god :
I am feeling a huge 2nd half for Chase Tapley to bring back SDSU Let's
How fun!
It is so important to create the Healthy Habit at such a young age!
I wrote a short film a while back.
Today, a rad team is being pulled together to make it come to life.
So pumped!
Live music tonight at six.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash at Hwy 19 and River Road in the Waunakee area.
Use caution in this area.
My neighborhood smells of bbq and cheap tequila.
Kaleidoscope is this Thursday  Friday, Showcase nxt Monday, Dance Recital is in 4weeks  I leave for NY in 6weeks !
yikes
Thanks for including me Jen!
Check out I WANNA GO  Aaron Davis on my fan page on FACEBOOK Thank you.
When justice is blind it is justice but when Justice have eyes to see, it becomes injustice.
Injustice is the opposite of justice.
I swear, this is the week I will FINALLY get to a game.
happy 18th birthday!!!!...wishes on ya special day have more fun than usual'n party like never before
Music is music, life is life, just live and let nature take controll of the Manifestation..
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing mother!
Creative toppings give the humble pancake some panache
Hope does us proud!
A time of reinvention for brands and reconnecting with your audience
I know.
He definitely carried himself like a professorssional.
Did you enjoy the show?
Did you get it?
Steven Spielberg is on the smash set filming on 44th st between 5/6 aves.
Katherine McPhee there too
Lets try doctornking again pt.
2.
Thanks for having on your show this morning.
It was fun!
Was nice to meet you all.
sure,what time.I take off Mondays but I am usually there for a few minutes.
I will schedule to be there when you are there.
.
Great question!
I think this is going to be a gradual shift but we need to get more on board!
Come on Chavy!
All my possessions for a moment of time.Elizabeth I
I GOT IT

learn fake sleeping or find some good hiding spots.
C'mon man get creative!
Tom.
Tell that when y'all come to Texas it will be my 18th bday
I've heard like 10 times already, ah.
I LOVE it.
I have a crew set up: Old Dirty Dogs Inc.
do you think he would be creeped out if I told him the things I want to do with him?
I don't like the model of free and paid users.
doctorpbox does them very separately.
Im sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, Id never order a bacon milk shake.
Crazy.
People are bizarre.
Ready for a tour!
Great start to the day, not to try to finish TheScrewtapeLetters before book club
hey me
but you shouldn't cause no one else does
LA go upset OKC
I HAVE NO PATIENCE...
I'm so sorry to hear...
prayers on the way
good morning and happy Sunday
jobs job ruby rails Oregon or Washington based RoR developer wanted.
Work for our client remotely, info 
we're cute: aha
Chelsea Clark is pregnant.
I'm seeing it.
So is this a small town?
How big is it compared to Canterbury?
We'll warm up the Guerilla combos!
I wish would live tweet during the Spurs FA Cup semi...provide me some English insight...
I know!
It's so obvious thy their team is getting pissed that we are doing so well!
I don't see why Austin ppl get upset  doctorve recklessly during rush hr.
When there's not traffic, which is a rarity, you all go abt 30 mph.
awesome!
Can't wait to get it.
Reminderno classes tonight.
Take the first step in faith.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
MLK Jr.
Thanks to for making our rde12 a tight ship
As I wander through this world of darkness, I am comforted by your love lighting up my way.
Naw, he's just a superior specimen of man.
fatalism n.
1.
The doctrine that all events are predetermined by fate and are therefore unalterable.
fatalistic adj.
try adding raw chopped almonds
I'm never leaving you again Twitter
follow me love you !!!
3
Is it?
I suppose it CAN be.
Did you know I was gay before I told you?
didn't realize I was an advocate of the Oxford comma until I read your twitbio and looked it up!
Don't do something permanently stupid because you're temporarily upset.
only 6 miles from my condo to my office...just trying not to get this one stolen
Denying things that are obvious is disingenuous.
Bo was obviously being pilloried before he talked to Mike  Mike.
what's up...how u been?
If the protesters on Wall Street want to change the world the should NacNak!
We are creating jobs in every community.
we can trade life's lol
I don't like pineapple, but I love the hit USA show psych!
One Direction is on Kiis FM!
OhDear 
Now sucked into a long phone call.
: thanks sir!
anytime keep doing your thing man
Thank god for tissues.
Good.
One can never get better than what they are if they stop growing and learning.
I wish I could be the lucky one.
Occasional loathing of glutenfree life silly in contrast to discomfort I feel due to 1 brownie honoring the birth of
I understand.
Sometimes they won't do that unless theres been a delivery attempt
FF follow these guys and keep up with them!
Big things coming up for them!
doctorving test!
Thanks for the follow!
Looks great!
We shall kill the festival!
Many skin problems can be solved without expensive treatments and medication.
is very frustrated with Linked In problems !!!
Interesting question of the potential for place helping students think critically.
We have the same challenges in the K12 ed sys.
LMSunSIG accessibility: OCRoffice of civil rights
:Likeagree w Alicerbbt hole.What doestallfor my generation mean?
Your L.
Scott jersey is in the mail.
Wear it proudly!
I can't stand the guy!
Horrible signing!
Thanks!
It's one of those posts that I write and don't want to let go.
Wanted to keep on tweaking, editing, but had 2 let go.
The picks are flying by Mel barley has enough time to talk about the previous pick.
Finals are yucky
And then the reporters beat him silly.
MT : Jon Kyl tells reporters he expects to be working through the weekend
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
William James
i hate long winded people
it shouldnt b that much though u can stay like 3 days
the world dump gets to me
Unfortunately today a House sbcmte defeated a bill that would have created a bipartisan redistricting commissionVirginians deserve better!
I'm currently buying up all the blue rock candy, smashing it, and pouring it into little bags for Halloween
Hello vodka.
I've missed you.
Very nice socks!
Even though my phone hasn't had service, today I bought a yoga mat, vitamins, and a book.
Still pretty good and productive :
I KNOW.
HE WAS HATING ON DILDOS THOUGH LOLOLOLOL OMG WHY CRYING
I'm going with alot
I LOVE JARED LETO!!!!
David Rapoport enjoyed attending the Economic Club of Chicago dinner last night.
Met some new and interesting people, and appreciated the w
Good to see the practicing their ABTs
Interested in dental practice administration?
has opportunities in 19 states and counting!
Learn more at the big10expo!
Come on KU!
yup last time to go crazy until next year
Titanic 3D anyone?
Oops did I say that out loud
This pizza/beer joint is playing delilah's radio show over the speakers.
And someone just requested that stupid hey there Delilah song.
Getting things done is not just about task management
I hate when my parents try to talk to me when I have my earphones in.
They're in for a reason.
Limitations are for when you are at arm's length with the author.
Not when you have a contract of any kind
sorry just saw this...
www.sonicbids.com/marshalltitus :
lol yes I do.
Welcome to mcrados dawg can I take ya order We don't talk on fones nigga cause they might record us
RT had my music on in my room pretty loud, Rawwrr  BMTH came on, and that wonam like half way through screamed my hou...
Firm Solutions is seeking experienced legal professorssionals for directhire.
Submit resumes to
You can't afford to book rockstarteacher, but I have the contact info for some very good coverteachers.
BITCHES TALK HELLA SHIT ON THE INTERNET!!
NOW WHEN I SEE YOUR REAL WEAK ASS IN THE STREETS YOU TURN THE OTHA WAY!
hahah always ready for a celebration  for any reason ;
Liking the food selection at Rock The Green.
Your very welcome!
That KFC commercial is racist!!
WHY are you in Rochester oh wonderous wienermobile?!
Agreed.
Currently in 6 person combined Soc/Anth dept..
We all recognize the import of civility during disagreements
As a single parent my mama took us w/ her to the track for her workouts.
I wanted to be like her so I'd run too.
Your questions answered with John Rose from Innovative Interface happening now in the Networking Lounge!
I'm the chairman Mao of my own twitterverse
Still have a few tickets left for our new years show at the whisky.
Contact us here or at our fb page for info.
First Coffee at home in 21 days.
Loved seeing friends  family  ...er...
spacetweeps Home is good though.
I do NOT want to be here...
Hmph
SWAG Spurs Win Another Game!
take 30 lead over Utah!
Someone text me on this long early bus ride to Paris Texas.
Im really kind of glad I didn't got to college.
Really.
And baby two can play the game 
Like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown for new content!
Im having a good weekend do far
I think they want me dead.
THE GOOGLE SEDUCED ME!!
Me and are mw4m.
Under 18 and Latino preferred.
Serious replies only!!
Couch is feeling lovely
Yes I thought so too!
The auditions were  South Coast Rep, but its being put up  the Playhouse  good for me  less doctorve!
lmfaooo F U C K youu too
Im thankful for the people in my past, Im doing great without them now.
Lolzz thank u :  urs is dope
Military war vet says she wants no part of nasty, cold snow liveshot.
Wana do sumdan special fa my mama fa her bday
Man...Bored...Bored...Bored....Iz all i can say
THERE ALL THE TIME!
Excellent question...RT : Are Best Practices and Innovation opposite??
I LOVE your song doctorBieber swagg RT
diylibrarian: Found some of my sla2009 notes.
Unfortunately, not the ones I really wanted from the Open Access session.
: RT : That's cool :D RT : This is what comes in the ticket package!
Sick!!!
Everyone is beautiful in someones eyes : Retweet if YOU are beautiful3 THAT MEANS EVERYONE
Ru Yi in Potowotami.
As one wishes.
so that all of your shadow will stay true to color.
Mac paint pots are amazing!!
Try painterlyorsoft ochre for everyday.:
A short work week just means cramming 5 days of work into 4
Impressive weave of alanis morrissette into a tweet about player values.
Has this ever been done before?
NBA in the 9:00 minute on the clock holding pattern at
MDX and FDOT want to put tolls everywhere.
It's Tolls Madness!
jasmine ellis was here :
Email and I will be glad to arrange it : I enjoy speaking to the American people
thank you and for your feedback on yesterdays event.
we have great ambassadors sharing experiences
You gotta realize, alot of the times when i talk, and i'm talking extremely cocky, I'm not talking about myself, i'm talking about the work.
sometimes that just sounds sleazy actually
Also, your heart between my teeth sounds splendid!
Jolly good Bio!
:
yea i will XD
it's awesome!!
uh who cares?
Am I watching ESPN Desportes?
so excited I had to become convo intruder
The Independent Designer Pop Shop is back through Nov 27th, just in time to get a jump on your holiday shopping!
We have your shirt ready for you today!
you mean Santa isn't real?!?!
AAPL stock market is still alive for now.
Market hiding stealth hits.
And Greece, sell the news.
Time to roll out more short lines.
as a former LongIslander thanks you for the follow.
Great to have my sister visiting from CT!
oh definitely.
I just ate lunch, but now I want second lunch.
I forsee sammiches for dinner!
If keeps changing his icon my ovaries will explode!!
People keep on saying mean things to me like: sir, would you please put some pants on?
Mean and hurtful and there is no call for it
How hard is it to respond to a text?
Need to check metrics as often as you can says
have you ever seen....
The man from the snowy river??
Buyers of Facebook are stupid ...
over priced ...
over hyped ...
no earnings model evident
RT : finally watched 's first Feversode.
it was hilarious i was laughing the whole time.
THANK YOU lol!!!:
Getting up to take the SAT's 
I never ever let the microwave countdown get to 1.
That's just weird.
is already playing now
where much is given...
much is required...
So mad
That's what 40 feels like.
Speaking at Harvard on Friday
I need to get tattooed!
Awesome dinner at with the hubby, , and !
Thanks guys!
xoxoxo
I literally had just sat down to begin when I typed the tweet.
I should be finished with it today.
yea ya know, typical morning...make coffee, save animals
I fixed it!
Jeez!
We are getting closer to the websites grand opening!
Finally made it to a Brewers game!
...think there are more Cubs fans here.
Oh gosh I'm gonna miss you like crazy!!!
I love you!
Can't decide what I'd hate more; freezing in a bar line the day before Thanksgiving, or freezing in a black Friday line the day after.
working keeps you out of trouble lol.
I'm still in Eastie and working for the city.
I know its been years
Bo is guilty of excessive restrictions.
But he believes that was his only recourse to get some facetoface answers.
This week is full of rehearsals, back to back meetings and a lot of doctorving.
why bring in the wood to the forest?
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
Bono Doesn't Disagree Old 'SpiderMan' Was One of the 'Worst Musicals Ever'
Thank you, didn't think so.
Wow!
RT : NEVER HAVE 2 SEEDS GONE DOWN TO 15 SAME TOURNEY
Cooking underground cosmetics?
I'd be all over that, even though I'm a humanities major.
Finally going to bed
I'll definitely visit Chowking and Jollibee when I'm there.
Craving for some effing halohalo.
Love Michael Cain's latest Solo .
Prayer is evocatively reverential, but what's up with the ending to Last Waltz?
He said fuck the price on the tag, just throw it in the bag Okay 
Google is getting better every day, functionality and designwise...but do YOU think it'll be adopted more?
Or is it too little, too late?
Listening to Marilyn Schoeman talking about GO Green Light Way!
Since its follow Friday, you should follow me.
I have a question for ya also.
When's your new CD coming out?
thank God my brother didnt go to work this morning
Harry Reid, gotta love 'em :/
Hello world!
we'll be happy to see you!!!
Yep, it's a Monday.
Cross the line your face will get played like handball..
First Pilates class at the Presbyterian Church Hall was great!
Lookin fwd to the next few weeks :
Border Patrol finds meth hidden in car  Sacramento Bee
Currently organizing a SIGIS breakfast Friday morning at 6:30  NAISAC12 contact if you can make it.
More to come.
Hey everyone!
This is now the place where we will be tweeting transition news and updates.
newseattle ap
How is it offtopic?
They've been discussing both search and social this whole time and how it impacts people.
need to download kik so we could talk all day long!!
Happy Halloween!
Some asshole doctorver just sped through a puddle and now i'm completely doctornched.
LOL!
I am so keeping that in mind.
Favorite venue?
Blessings!
Hope everyone had a great Easter weekend!
thank you, doll for the shout out.
You are always such a sweetheart.
Have an awesome day, lovely lady.
Morning kettlebells Afternoon circuit training and Evening cardio.
Being radmod more like halfcaf.
Decaf espresso would wantonly violate laws of the universe....
Good webinar.
I teach grad classUniv Denver on Strategic WFP.
Interested in reviewing Dow case w/them in spring.
Your thoughts?
Working hard can beat talent but if your talented and you work hard you can't be beat.
RG3
want to do one of workshops!
YEE going outside for gym3:
ugh lucky.
I would do the same.
Nothing just have my eyes on something bigger :
Great to hear that!
We've seen a nice uptick lately on all fronts.
Please let us know how we can improve it for you
Please tell me you tweet that because you love that song.
Its not Party In the USA, but amazing nonetheless.
:
calmdownbuy a stuffed animal.
I got 3.
They cuddle w/ youwhen you don't want to deal with them you can toss them under the bed.
Needs warm weather...
Missing Florida.
Looking forward to going to Houstion this week for family reunion !
damn that's a fine ass.
Orlando vs Steak  THE CHALLENGE 60 min to eat 72oz USDA Choice Top Sirloin Steak, Baked Potato, Shrimp Cocktail, Side Salad.
Shredded cheese on everything.
Preferably Mild Cheddar.
Sometimes Mexican style when feeling colorful.
hop out bed....
stretch...
look in mirror...
wassup world!
that sounds much more frightening.
Guys we need more sample scripts!
Send us some scripts to
Way to go Train!
Congrats!
40 wazillion people on mobile  RE agents doing video on YouTube  crappy user experience.
HOST YOUR OWN VIDEOS.
colt 45 billboards on every corner...
works every time
Of course havin an with my lunch !!!!
can't wait to take you live on my air for breaking big apple news!
seriously, SO excited for you.
total clowns homie
I just set up my FB timeline last night and I did notice that it sort of resembles pinterest.
Interesting.
because we are friends and it has been months since I made a creepy comment.
That was some restraint.
Things are good.
I am trying to get a balance and include tweeting.
And you?
Watched the tv movie: Norma Jean  Marilyn.
Ashley Judd and Mira Sorvino gave amazing performances and both had nice racks
lol too much money!!
ready for me3 go shoot some spacers up
Thank you wpd for messing up the transformer outside my house..
its now the only one with out power..
What a great organization!
Im a Laker fan, but Metta World Peace is got to be the stupidest fuckin name I've ever heard, show some respect to your parents asshole
you guys watchin' the skins?
what's happening??
we look like a jv squad out there
Free of charge!!!
lol That is a pretty sweet deal!!!!
;
You trenders literally make me want to bang my head into a wall pathetic ThrowBackSongs afroman isn't a throw back
having one of the MOST stressful days ever!
While Moffat apologizes for accent sorry if you can't understand me, event emcee quips: You must be from Lubbock, right?
Right.
Setting some time aside this wknd for anyone who wants a consulting session or service workoffering discounts if you contact me right away.
Gotta get my own place ASAP!
I'm tellin u smh...that's my goal for 2012!
apparently I am visiting the land of whilte asparagus...
it even has a twitter handle!
thanks!
I see that you like green, but for a different reason.
MSU is my 4th favorite BigTen team.
If a room genuinely calls for richness in color or pattern then by all means use it at the windows.
Ex:Lg.
rooms w/tall ceilings  windows.
Wished would be out for my charity fashionshow for the
OWSNAshville has been given 24 hours to disband or be evicted by Police.
Occupiers are needed NOW more than EVER.
PLEASE SHARE!!!
Dont no nigga want no dumb women
Women say men are all the same, but some are just as guilty
PickUpLine: So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
Its not Christian
Matt Barnes a lame ass nigga.
One of them niggas that'll date a chick everybody ran through.
He's the Mario Chalmers of Los Angeles.
Hello, whats good with you.
Hope you and the kids are doing well c'',
I need more followers.....Tell your friends to follow.
Let me know about it and I'll do the same.
I'm getting the new windows phone.
Samsung Focus.
XD
Need more followers.
RT you won't regret it.
if someone is posting just followed by a link, 99 chance its spam.
why not prevent that/block abuse like that?
I reaaallly need more followers :P
Bergamot Station for the Home.Sweet.Home Gerald Slota/Neil La Bute exhibit.
don't let your destiny pass you by....
Man I love this show
Tonight on the LoCash Stage Tomcat Malta!
Time to go a little Old School.
Gidddyuuuup.
JC
S.I.N.
night is going strong!
Hope everyone has a chance to come out and see us for some great deals!
HAWKS WIN
hahah FA FREE.
NEW FOR APRIL: Bill Mould's Spirit and Enigma ceramic sculptures and wall art.
Opening reception Friday 13th  6pm!
Gorgeous sunny day on the
Be sure to check out at her exhibition with young qualifier Mariel Galdiano at 11:00am on the Practice Range!
MJ in da hizzouse.
BEAT IT, just BEAT IT!!!
Crazy question: I need help finding someone who can pluck and clean a lot of chickens tomorrow.
Help!
Know anyone????
aw!
Lol dude I wish graciela hadn't been in them xD
So stoked for you to go show your skills in Seattle.
Congrats!!
Teen Wolf Season 2  So Ready !
PS today u get to have a cookie w/ ur coffee.
Don't 4get ur running shoes!
Lol
I try 1.million times!
I'm getting there early and tryin to mosh Disney and Universal into the ground.
sushi yes Indian not yet :
I need my money pronto!
We won't be 17 forever so we can get away with this tonight 
WOW.
just WOW.
i am so incredibly proud of you and that song was the definition of perfect.
dude, YOU'RE GETTING BIG!!!
Love us some SeattleMaven!
Convert here we need 7 again
lolz....
i like prodigy...
Did u meet mb yet??
sounds good!
Let us know what's happening out there and we my just come out!
i cannot believe i havent slept in 4 days.
my body is slowly shutting down.
Frustrated about the IUUK series news.
At least for now, chalk this up as a loss for college basketball fans.
Trying to wrap my head around Friday ...
thanks for pointing out that there's a lot of space on that dome of mine!
hahahah
i do.
and you know.
me and you have been kool how bout you follow me to
My AA kitchen designer said her preacher did not say a word about marriage equality Sun.
Won't cost Obama single vote in her church
me too!
Text me though Main.
stillGotACrushON STILL!!!
One of the hottest chicks in the business!!!
GivesYouWings :
I've personally never suffered because of it...
Really looking forward to reading Wiley Cash  Stephen Dau's new books after hearing them at the debut author panel!
I love you Austin!!: DedicatedFan 33
I know same goes for you!
Be sure to stop us and say hello!
:
I know you got it.
Anytime!
haha in ur doctorams.
Anything thats possible for me to do haha
Tacos!!!!
nuggets Mozgov!
everything is so funny today
i know i know.
so are you sexy ;
Suppose I can share you're on my MKE list...
: My lists keep my Twitter stream more palatable.
;
Many thanks for the honor!
I hope to put a couple new posts on my post by the month's end.
its one of those nights!
Help I'm so bored.
So glad to be on bandwagon with you.
Can u smell division lead by Sunday afternoon???
thanks gorl!
i miss you!
how are you??
been 4ever xoxo
Yesthanks also for the correct spelling of misterIsenberg's name!
:
do you know what jerseys the packers will be wearing?
Yes!
Finished w/ my tissue sketches :
Thanks for speaking up!
There are certainly many challenges facing live music.
We understand your and others frustration.
I 3 New York.
I thank god thats my hometown nd not dirty ass Ct.
:P team Ct sucks!!!
Those braxton sister are a mess.
I love them.
almost as good as your shows!
Keep creative!
Thats a good thing try to go 3 more lol
Lindsay Lohan vs Perez Hilton.
I can't
not quite sure how this works.
Im sure I will eventually find my way
M!
Egginthebasket cooked in coconut oil may be my new fav b'fast.
Thanks for suggestions to cook with it.
And I bumped into on my walk to work today.
Puts a smile on my face.
Some people really make me laugh with what they tweet, especially when it doesn't even apply to them at all.
When the fuck did everyone become younger than I am?
Judy Dench is returning to the London stage, playing an aging Alice in Wonderland.
The production may transfer to Broadway if successful.
You're welcome!
crazy Indian name of the day: Decayed Shoe.
Still doesn't top Parched Corn Flour though...
This is the first class I've been to all day!
thanks, friend.
I appreciate the info!
found my future baby pig today...her name will be Sheela, and I will potty train her pigobsession :
that's good nd thanks !
i wana go to orange beach ,, the wharf .
For the record, I still hate that workout.
Crossfit Milwaukee's Andy M., four days AFTER doing the workout 'Eva.'
lol I was really laughing aha.
but I'm goin to bed Tequan
cedoctorc all day!
people are making fun of me cause i like your music.
I'm sad
it is a great loss for Donna Summer, but on a lighter note U LOOKED GREAT ON TMZ LAST NIGHT
today's fashion is  nude
I do
Wow.
Huge 's for MA.
RT : Thanks!
MT : Elizabeth Warren.
5.7M, 23,000 MA donors.
And she's smart too.
I have no idea :p I think the books came from the bookstore that sponsored the event here in IL so idk if others r doing it.
Here we go....
2 hour all staff meeting.
Way to start a Monday!
Let's see what this is about...
thanks, glad you liked the shirt, I almost didn't wear that one
yeah I made more last night than I did in two season at the DUB.
Haha
Good morning USA.
Burning eyes, sensitivity to light, or gritty eyes may be due to a vitamin B2 deficiency
Happy Thanksgiving!
Have a great day :
Inevitably however, time marches on.
unless you are way out of focus...
wow really ..
I thought ur better then this lmao
RT : Mike Smith?
Embellish a call?!
The devil you say ...
Nice!
The vendors selling pink SF sweatshirts tend to do quite well when tourists show up expecting SoCal weather.
;
cereal killer can totally relate!
Love you, Coco and Spart
I was young the last time the O's were any good.
Such a great cause!
RT: Head to 2morrow for holiday shopping!
A portion of sales go to JP Haitian Relief Org....
Lloyd Alexander's Vesper Holly does Egyptian: Indiana Jonesflavored stories with a heroine.
Egypt Game by Zilpha Keatley Snyder.
proximity tweet yo
What a strange case of serendipity!
Listening to this week's shoptalkshow.
borderbox FTW!
RT : It's true: Without a major cash infusion we will close in May.
Help us raise the 500K we need to stay afloat:...
happy birthday mommy
did you warn him you were going to kick him out of the game?
Welcome back!
I folks I have been gone for a while I couldnt type MS
Arrived in KittyHawk4screening tmisterow nightThinking what more Punk than the WrightBrothers?That was thinking outside the mainstream :
Oh my goodesss...was yesterday really Friday?!?
Jeez!!
Polls are now open in Indiana.
Be sure to go vote today!
Here we go aain!
RETWEET this for a chance to win FRE Tickets to our show June 15th!
with Fuel!!!!
i wonder how all these hometown girls feel now that i'm getting on.....
It's never too late 2 make amends  get it right.Swallow pride.Humbly explain your errors.Time weakens lust, strengthens love.
Just finished genealogy ebook thriller In The Blood by and loved it!!
Hope this is a series.
Its fina be all tha way back like snap back hats cuzzo..I was dwn 4 a min had 2 sit dwn..Its good now n I need yu ona track
from I read piece then read the linked piece that links to WRONG Chris Silva censored by MOCA
I'll think about it..
Hey, Lester!
I haven't been on Twitter for over a month.
EEk.
Just seeing ur post now.
How r u?
Yeah, I do music videos.
:
Instant Test Kitchen: what would you do with bananas, toffee, chocolate, brown sugar and cinnamon?
I need a new hat.
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Health Care Reform Panel and Hippocrates Cafe today!

i always make it harder on whoever's coming next.

I'm back in town
Such interesting thoughts
yes a man can dance and not look gay.
One of my best teachers always said, Life is about the choices you make.
She was right.
Nope, but I suspected a pun, and then confirmed it.
Then I groaned, as all puns deserve.
I'm watching TV TOO; ha you go to bed ha
October 2011 marks the eighth annual National CyberSecurity Awareness Month.
How serious are cyber threats?
Ahahahaha Rick!!!!!
You as well!
like the Massie in round 1...I wanted to badly but couldn't pull the trigger lol
are you guys up to no good?!
LOL
follow me to learn about jobs and job opportunities Nationally  !!!
thanks for the words, I hope so too!
I was having an off day.
Tonight was simply remarkable.
An incredible, heartfilled phametour culminating show at the Aladdin!!!
word and you twitting getting ready for work I'm lazy not trying to go but it's money
Well at least now you know and didn't have to shell out too much cash to find out!
Enjoyed your class tonight.
Great, energetic, and informative lecturers.
Let's have a beer again soon.
Thanks.
Say hi to Robyn.
latkes in red square starts now!
FHD AND MILITA MONEY GANG GONE ROCK DA SHIT OUT LOTUS TONIGHT BE DER.LADYS MAKE SURE U BRING A EXTRA PER OF PANTIES CAUSE U MIGHT GET TO WET
when r the posters shipped?
ThingsINeverUnderstood why girls wear 4 inch heels to the mall.
:D Bahaha I love you !
RT : NEXT...We are about to talk to Mark Ballas with Dancing With the Stars!!!
I am SO excited for this...
Are you offended by our Japanese shirt on tuesdaytees.com?
: My ass still hurts btw.
Hm
not good for my cubbies
Is it just me or is it enough if Miss Wisconsin finishes ahead of Miss Alabama?
i've heard one toomany sales pitches from the podium too.
With no NBA season  I'll be watching NHL more..
at least I have my 1 Bartab doctornks to cheer me up
It's 'let's' RT : Lets eat, Grandma or lets granda..
grammar saves us all
.
I know you're friends with the future mister.
, but you've got to be more careful about what you say to her.
.
I hope are safe ,,,, well so far they said where not gonna have a tornado
Hey Wanna Be Friends.Im Katie Trays girlfriend
Also says to love and not to judge.
Just pray for him and his family, Matt.
So in Madison there are heavy storms and here an hour away it's 80 and sunny
I provide you with valuable knowledge with new construction and remodeling of your home.
I get my nails done so often it's not even enjoyable anymore.
Game 1 of double header over.
Can we make it through game 2?
what I do
Nice informative website
Thanks, It was nice seeing you too.
Ready whenever 
my heels are too high and this chair is too low
Carefully consider the path for your feet, and all your ways will be established.
Proverbs 4: 26
I really mean it too, and if you need to talk tomorrow, If you feel like breaking down, call or text me..
Okay?
Can we have class outside?!
some folks will do anything for a TD.
Can't believe they sacrificed the QB like that wow.
Nonetheless TD Pats.
Wow.
Not sure if that's the weirdest most amazing game I've ever watched.
Or both.
I feel like I hallucinated the entire thing...
Uncovering what's valuable to people is a key to making tons of sales!
The new website is being built.
Can't wait for everyone to see it.
Stay tuned...
I will let you know when it is live!
Just finished the show!
Had a giant chocolate bar and Rubert from Survivor on...great place to work :
lolol omg you are amazing: I Compleatly agree.
PaulyD is the shit!!!
Best Dj ever!!
are you still in columbus?
us too!!
See you there!
Have fun at Disney today!
Definitely don't forget to protect yourself from the sun with sunscreen!
reinvented sex remix 
how was your day.!?
Yep, Mooney.
I hear Werth is a lefty so he called Scott to help him out.
Hey, Just want to shoot out to the coolest bounty hunter!
Well you and Duane Lee :
All my exes live in texas like I'm george straight
Don't forget the wool hat.
Feel better.
remember when Exclusive Interview actually meant the interview was actually exclusive to that outlet?
Cat: I'll just let myself in, thank you.
lol .
We don't have a store set up yet, but we're working on it.
Congratulations to for their new Tourism  Hospitality practice!
so true http:www.infatuationclothing.com
doctorke Ft.Rihanna  Take Care : NowPlaying and, also texting
I was about to put that I know your little smartass would say that lol
RT  Pats' Haynesworth pleads no contest to assault: New England Patriots defensive tackle Albert Haynesworth reportedly ...
Sorry, chat platform isn't mobile compatible.
May want to try using a remote desktop app.
Works for me on iPhone/iPad.
I know its rare!
Shoot me a message with an offer.
someone wanna cut my hair?
Excellent closing remarks from at the future of filmmaking expo keynote panel.
First time dining tonight!
Any menu suggestions for my italian father?
You didn't cause anything nothing was caused by you.
You just think you did.
: I'm speaking at the University of Wisconsin this evening.
Survivor its never to late
Note to self: Never link from Google to a Facebook note.
Not good.
again, subjective.
he has pitched as many games in a season as Mike Marshall did.
He has done everything you think he should.
I'll Take Another!
Since when does a horse named after his owner's cookie fetish win!?
Good thing I had him in my exacta.
Cal scores again!
217.
Nice to have you back mister Bear.
nsta is costing me 1k.
Thinking the same thing.
friends forever always will be friends
best food ever
Hahaha, it said it was hard.
Lucky thing I knew what it looked like aha.
I wish I could redoctorw it again though.
Thanks for the RT!
would love to work with you!
: let me know if you ever need a modelactress :
thanks for the awesome Kiehl's shirt for the holiday!
Sporting it for Chicago's 'gives back night'!
Cheers!
Work it.
Girl
Southwest is the New York City taxi of air travel.
Yahoo is everyone's high school newspaper.
Filled with bad articles and news people don't care about.
Have you digitized your business?
Reachlocal can help.
Call today.
8177168487
Thank you for following and for the interesting content you provide.
Cheers!
Okay so maybe I don't regret going to class.
We had a guest speaker and he brought some amazing artist books to show!
Yay!
Glad to help :
Anyone going to the American Coatings Show?
Come see Synthesia at Booth 1647.
Give us a shout on Twitter!
What's the point of having a full warranty on your car, when something happens seems like its always the one thing that's not covered smh
I said the same thing, but I didn't even see yours!
Lolz
a USB port on the right side wouldn't hurt my feelings, either.
He who laughs last didnt get it.
Happy New Year folks!
Y'all have fun and STAY SAFE out there.
Hope to see you in 2012!
fuck them!
They missed out, you're too fine for them.
so I'm totally BSing this article review for anthropology...my English teachers would be ashamed.
Also missed the fact that RDJ was tebowing before he went out to present with Gwyneth Paltrow ha!
What worries you masters you.
Haddon Robinson
Starting with another new doctorm student today!
Early 20s, never played.
: askanything: The Godfather or On The Waterfront?
On The Waterfront
Can't sleep hit me up
This nigga just said we almost broke up lmao
ah, so that's the secret!
Ha, the button trick.
I got pretty good at that :/
Got the nice guys in training so they can stop finishing last.lol
Hey I'm moving into your room with you ..
K?
K.
I want to hang out with
follow if you aren't already.
you can be.
RT : For those interested, I'm booked March 46th.
Got accepted to !!
I LOVE TO DANCE
RT : Yes.
Weve used games with several clients, including VeriSign, Rackspace, Cisco, and Jive, to name a few.
Hey Anacostia, Capitol Hill, Foggy Bottom,  Connecticut North tweeps: know of any spots for Zipcars in your areas?
Let us know about 'em!
Bout to hop on TheWeeknd flow
Maybe my new email addoctorss goes to your spam, but I can't think why.
I'm now
Which part of Italy are you based?
I'll be there in June.
Sri Lanka was once called Ceylon?
I had a feeling BattlestarGalactica was an allegory for the struggles of the Indian subcontinent!
please follow me
Appeals court overturns SF man's sentence  San Francisco Chronicle
Camping in Harpers Ferry took a terrible turn for the absurb when the dog opened his bowels inside the car.
The tears were real.
Damn.
I swear every time I see you, I fall even more in love.
just wondering why we do things;why do cities have opendata catalogs, contests, hackathons, etc?
are these tropes?
or bandwagon?
idk?!
Can't sleep...started twatchin
Please help get to 1,500 followers!
Thank you to our wonderful emcees: You did a wonderful job of announcing San Diego's Best Moms!
Damn, I hate bubble play when I am short stacked.
Signs were put up for an event for Taos political candidate Ernestina Cruz.
Roy Cunnyngham took them down.
Then an unknown man beat him up.
I gotta stop falling asleep so damn early...smh
who knows
These foo's suck at 2k
GOP raises prop taxes a billion, then tries to cut them 4 mil the next and run on it?
How little they must think of Minnesotans.
This is a great week for final 2012 planning.
Be persistent  your reward is consistency.
SeanLetwat
WIshing everyone enjoy a glorious spring weekend  fabulous in Virginia!
:
The Secret Circle Extended Promo 1x20  Traitor HD  crystals
we're on our second prius.
Especially love the new one.
Congrats
Hey buster..
is giving up Felix hern.
For kevin youkilis jake peavy and Johann Santana good or bad?
Its2012 And Yall Females Still leting A nigga record you sucking dick or wadever n u wanna tlk about other ppl being Hoes !
To yoga or not to yoga tonight.....
Show me urs and I'll show u mine
Almost time for school dismissal : then one more day!!!
right on...
thanks for the RT.
Thanks for the follow 3
Just saw post re: Preston  Child.
Warning: highly addictive!
RT : What lies behind us, and what lies before us, are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
loved watching on my fair wedding teaching the couple to dance.
and the soho studio is wow amazing.
what's up?!?
Welcome to twitter!
Was it easy working in layers?
The end result is amazing and full of possibilities.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYBODY 
WHAT?!
I'm about to cry :S
Getting ready for south hills Sunday nights:00 join us at south hills.tv
Be sure to tune into MADMIC SHOW 6:30pm tomorrow for our exclusive interview about the upcoming Winter Film Awards!!!
Happy Birthday to the College of Communications And Information, may the joining go forward with great vigor.
After not eating fast food for all of 2011, we still haven't gone back!
So proud of ourselves!
mardy  don't bother replying 2 roddick's nonsense.
Just let the scoreboard do the talking.
Neb?
Really.
Oh hello Salma Hayek.
She looks so good in the new Burger King commercials..
BIG THANK YOU to and for spreading the word.
I have some wines that are excellent representations of the indigenous Greek varietals that you should try next.
Energy conservation is the foundation of energy independence..
Same applies to twitter // : Remember the buddy icon?
You always knew who was a slut by how sultry their buddy icon was.
RT : Lord help me to love sincerely and deeply in a way that inspires, touches and encourages everyone I meet today.
Amen:
Georgia SB 414 has officially passed!
Just won Jingle Bash Tickets!!
thanxs Nikki!
Ready to fuck shit up tonight...
VOTER FRAUD.
Caught without a pacifier when your baby wants one?
Try cheap, easy,  everpresent pacifier substitute  your pinky finger.
Come on Miss state yall are making the SEC Look Bad!!
I'm sitting next to Natalie Angiuli right now and dying.
Her voice is AMAZING!!!!
Buy her new cd on iTunes!

Don't be an apple cyborg!
i cant wait to see you sqaushed on the floor tonight..
haha;p
I need doctorgs and liquor.
Where's a Mexican when you need one
I wonder what my chances are of getting a seat at the bar ce soir?
suffer from chronic constipation, which disrupts a regular life style.
empty my bowels every fifth day.
condition of mine getting worse
Damn Auto Correct.
Smh
No fridges?
The hustle is in full effect

You got it, Gavin!
It's out honor to represent this very talented band.
Looking forward to hanging with you tomorrow night...can't wait to see you dance it up as well!
I love CallMeMaybe with and more, more other stars!
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Robert Frost
I have a couple start ups I am working on.
I would like to know more about what you do and see if you can help me get them going!
MSLP technical intraday alert target range .02 this could move fast
You're either a leader or a follower.
better remove my photo from the professorle before I report her.
Happy first day of spring, I see it is beautiful in NY today...headed their on Firday!
Metropolitan Room, here I come!
you can talk to me if you want
Just got back from a neighborhood walk.
The best exercise I get Plus we patrol the neighborhood keeping crime down.
They never know the time
next saturday 4/21 we'll be interviewed on Lesbian Love Talk!
Can't hardly wait!
Swimming : Fell asleep on my tummy, my bum got a bit red but still having fun.
Breezy today here, still very nice weather.
LA Saturday.....
agreed.
; i'd love sum of that.
in my experiences w/ him he's called.
So as long as your number is right I don't think you have anything to worry about.
So exciting!
Danyelle, you deserve to be in the same room with such an inspirational woman  you inspire me every day!!
Hey Gordon, thanks so much for all the interviews and awareness you created for our charity last night at Rise!!
Woot!
Watching Shoulda on !
So proud of the and !
Dallas Thanks for the love!
Congrats man  what company?
How's John doing
Chicago will not have a white Christmas this year.
Random Thoughts: Isn't Dan Rooney a little bit old to serve as the Ambassador to Ireland?
I'm Good!
Just going to school and living life.
You?!
Did you change your ?
Wow.
That must have been quite a project.
How cool.
Thanks!
oh my and are all on maybe they arew creeping and want to follow us
Don't feel good at all:
Pixie just had a seizure ;  ...
so scary!
Wondering if is hungover this morning.
The jacket's probably optional if you're wearing a buttondown shirt.
You bet!
Will I see you there?
The company is a dedication to my Grandfather ArchieRose  his friend, the great Fred Rose, Whom my grandfather took his stage name
My vocal hero is gone.
Vocal performance perfection!
Whitney Houston.
To say I've got it all...is to shell me short.
Wow huge upsets today Duke just lost
I'm convinced that Volstad can't perform under pressure.
I bet Braun did that on purpose.
Excited for National Jesuit Day of Service tomorrow.
Representing at and the Pacific Northwest.
hahaha i bet!!
oh god that was embarrasing lol
Tonight Ladies are FREE All Night.
Come Party with Me  You know How we Do it Each and Every Sunday.
I feel like people who don't take the time to capitalize the letter I when they type are just lazy.
I woun't let you close enough to hurt me
I'm tired of this!
RT : Oh, your son just opened his mouth to take a breath?
Post this on Facebook, I can't wait to like it.
You don't know you're beautiful 3
Hey there, little regular fry in my curly fries.
Just be yourself, buddy.
Stop being a stranger....
ah, thanks for the explanation!
I thought I was hallucinating
I think I need a new fcking bf.
I'm tired of this shit.
If it doesn't matter who wins or loses, then why do they keep score?
Watching 90210.
Brenda said, Performance oriented coffee shops are where it's at right now.
Fair Play movie premiere tonight, 7pm at the B Spot in DC.
Arrive EARLY due to limited parking!!!!
Thinking about teen participation in libraries and the collaboration continuum.
Yes, receiver constructs, but according to a socially constructed codec that is transindividual 
Small world!
RT : Why am I not surprised to see and at GuardianChat?
Why thank you Karen :
looking at your doctorss makes me want to go to prom..
RT : And didnt those two guys used to wrestle as the Wild Samoans?
is on KGOU NPR today at 2!
Tune in, punk!
ugh!!i have to pay 150.00 in monthly storage fees and 70 plus dollars in insurace for my benz
I'm asian ..
If you don't wash your hair, you'll get a doctor scalp..
that's what they all tell me.
: Oh wow, a celebrity followed you?
How cool.
You're basically a star!
;
Happy Friday, Cheyanne!
Hope you're doing well!
Enjoyed being at w/ to unveil Meals That Matter disaster relief trailer  bkfst was grt!
it's not hard
ThingsMyExSaid why are you talking to all these dudes?
Your not allowed to talk to  anymore.
doctoramed last night that my car was stolen.
With my BlackBerry in it.
Andoctors, very funny slogan indeed.
NP blink 182 what's my age again on U can nvr go wrong w/playing blink :
Hey, um, yeah, we're going to need you to go ahead  get that project done now...
Yeah...
RT : If you ain't gone be real with no one else.
At least be real with your damn self.
Topped out  101 cappers with NBA  NHL posted plays with the same 2 consensus on Mavs  Warriors..See ya  the window
look up  you just said you were hungry..
But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God: I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO can I get a SHOUTOUT FOR MY BEST FRIENDS BDAY PLZ
I love
In need of a fruit cup.
I am encouraged because I meet more and more compassionate fathers every day!
thanks for the reminder!
I almost forgot that pink champagne is her favorite!
lucky bitch!
I is so jealous!
I miss my baby!!:
Omg I had said..would it Ethier makes a Homerun..
then u know it..It makes a homerun!!
Yaya!!
Dodgers leading 40
If you're going to be a bear be a grizzly!
Haha!
I love family time!
love the boutique!
it's like the sweet valley twins went for a milkshake at the peach pit with their biker boyfriends..
xoxo
Thanks for the RT, Steven!
Thanks to everyone who tunedin to last night's premiere...Don't miss next Tuesday night when the boys break out the chainsaws!
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous  Coco Chanel
yea, no problem.
What time?
I have so much to read but need to pack...like Ross I think I we should be on a break from reading.
When did you first start making video's?
Hhahaa, your really good!
:
34 is a HOF in my book.
Was very nice to me when I was little in Houston.
Stand up guy who was good for the game.
How bout my Grizz !
are you where I think you are?
Red eyed and blue
NowPlaying 'Helplessness Blues' by Fleet Foxes
A reminder to families, parents, caregivers about BAA Narratives today!
Sad :, School isn't closed today.
Snow y you no stay?!
did you find this using SeeSaw :
Do you have questions about your insurance coverage?
Feel free to give us a call.
We'll give you the scoop!
5053458757
YES!!!
just tell me when
Q6, we have to watch the board pretty closely, there's a lot of sneaky folks out there
I feel like I am going to toss cookies
Um roadtrip to see might actually be happening!!!
16 hours!!
But well worth it ;
I just finished a 2.61 mi run with a pace of 7'21/mi and a time of 19:13 with Nike GPS.
I'm glad i have a father and mother.
Love them both.
I'm all caught on Vampire Diaries!
Oh my goodness, cray!
I don't even know what to say about the ending!
RT : hey Obama was a doctorg user,talk about that!!//Hey, Bush was an alcoholic and coke addict, talk about that!
ImThatPersonWho sticks up for my family no matter what the situation is ,
was she fat?
sexy?
im tryin to picture it in my mind
She's front and off to the right.
ok i'll try to give you a call!
She acts like summer and walks like rain...
If your apart of TEAMJUMP RT so I can see how big the TEAM got
that happen to me the other day, but because I'm in the navy, they let me go!
Football begins  basball season is coming to a close.
Time to change into my fall sports clothes...wearing the silver and black..GO RAIDERS
Retina display is pretty sweet.
30 day trial begins.
Was just given possibly the world's largest cream puff...I am what I eat.
Thanks Kim!
lol das wassup yall down to be in a couple more videos this summer?
Good point.
You're my baseball homie.
GO RANGERS.
Hey 2012, it's time for new beginnings!
lol overdoctormatic but I love it!
Public Service Announcement: The new gmail is vaguely tolerable with the high contrast theme.
AdSense For Local Commerce Signpost Raises 3.75M From ...
Analyzing the quote colonization made us into a submerged people my student writes: So why did Filipinos submerge themselves?
Can't deal.
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or .
Groucho Marx
If I were you, I'd stop going to Cubs/Cards game.
badluck GoCubsGo :
Ugh, you're so gorgeous!
that good and yea im sitting in class for 2 hours then im gone
The word has two separate definitions and when dealing with people on emotional subjects, it's easy for the line to be blurred.
Thanks, Didn't know about that one, and most of my links are for photography gear anyway.
Will switch over from
girl i'm sick and so i can't revise and its stressing me out but this is just what i needed!
thank you!
lol i bet buddy :
Gonna get Vlados!
Fuck Gary Sheffield
darn it...I forgot about heatsync tonight.
How'd it go?
I'm sorry I didn't make it out.
At pnut chilling
got it.
that's interesting...I know nothing about betting, haha
I'm Shaft, Dolemite, and Opie Cunningham all in one.
Busy, CrossFit Games.
Will surface for a breath soon.
when coughing on the subway, people look at you like they want to kill you...
I have the special edition copy of Lion King on DVD I'll watch it with you
Just announced Traveling Circle with The Psyched and Midnight Kids Friday, May 7  Secret Project Robot www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
And then my MacBook stopped working and wouldn't turn back on.
Awesome
Quality time with my newly acquired comics on the quiet car.
Good Morning Folks....
You All Have a Blessed Day..
It needs to be 40 hrs of cash games.
Amazing.
RT : bend over to the flo, touch ya toes, back dat ass up and down and get
know anyone in SD?
RT Seeking SanDiego Photographer to do family picscasual headshots for me.
DM or  me pls
?
for TP: Which of the 8 basic principles of In Search is most imp.
today besides BIAS FOR ACTION.
Tell TP its Mark ret.
WMT vet
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
IfICouldDoItOverAgain I would have made sure the gate was closed before I let Astro out.
Coding till 6am for 2 nights with phonegapjquery mobilehtml5.
Javascript is so bad  I miss Visual Studio.
Still, made great progress!
:
com  Stan Stearns, the photographer who took one of the most famous pictures of all time, has died at 76
Thanks for the ReTweet!
I know you do
Paul Pierce has come to play tonight!
A lot can be said in 21 minutes to make me smile for the next month.
So the invisibility cloak doesn't really work, eh?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
you probably wont but its worth the try!
Get out of those goddamned bathtubs already.
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Apple Computers
My little corner of L.A.
has a bunch, too.
Haven't gone to any of the straightup Bollywood shows yet.
: The wall between editorial and advertising is as much for economic reasons as for ethical reasons.
We can do better.
yeah just heading over there ...
the usual
Sponsorship levels will go up when conditions ease.
Then speaker expenses might be paid  fees go down.
The Great Spirit will listen, if you only speak
This series looks about over.
Motivational quote for today: When you are truly comfortable in your own skin, not everyone will like you, but you won't care one bit
Marley festival n austin,burnin it down'!
Im there n 2hrsr u?
can you follow me3?
PLEASE3
haa, you can turn off the sun, but im still gonna shine.
:
We might die from medication, but we sure killed all the pain
rats, missed you.
I should check twitter more often.
I'm so hot that you would Probly catch a tan around this motha fucka
when are you picking it up?
Did you get the loan?
No text msgs or calls..
How exciting.
I shook hands with a Millionaire yesterday!!
I hope his good fortune rubs off on me!!
Anyone had the pleasure of meeting Gary Turner at Halltown, MO on 66?
Runs an amazing replica gas station and a super nice guy
: Okay, that scene is done...
now on to the next which does not involve ninjas...
or does it?
/ Yes, ninjas or I won't watch.
Ik U Support Us...
Give Us A Shout Out!
I'm so CONFUSED!!
Kathy is looking smashing and Anderson is a silver fox!
Happy 2012 America!
Dinner Ians Cinnamon  Honey French Toast Sticks, 3 Servings, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee  Energy
Yeah, quite a rainfall in the am.
certainly gonna be some flooding in some places in the area.
I am War Plan White.
;
Oh insomnia....I do not appreciate your late night visits at all
Stress on the brain, I gotta maintain.
time's are tuf .
But when i listen to you'r music i tend to forget it.
Until i come back to reality , /:
Lots of amazing content at the Yahoo!
Global Sales Conference.
Wait till you see what's coming out soon.
Um, Paul, check the date.
The commercial made Rondo look like trash though..
Oh well.
I'm gonna need someone to create a burger flavor spray for my salad.
Watchin starstruck with my mom since I'm home sick:/
The Aztec game is about to begin in Vegas!
Let's go Aztecs!
yes it's off and on maybe getting worse .
Any advice on what to do?

Not this year.
But sometime in the near future, I'm sure.
Postcards at Silver Lake Library now.
Tommy is dat guy
yo when are u getting that ps3 and madden 12?
I need some competition...
lol!
poof I'm gone poof I'm back :D!!
hugs hope all is well with you!
Have a little patience.
I'm going nowhere with this.
Follow me on instagram!
:
it's fun.
I have never been to a live soccer game anywhere
for just an hour...then back to the pool lol
Possibly just developed a lesbian crush on Elle Varner lesbehonest lol
It's doctorft day.
An Eagles trade was a given
thanx for the follow.
but wassup
tried responding but wouldn't let me :
enjoying some tasty quiche!
well then perl is tough lovin' me like a stepchild
36 degrees  rain, not snow I'm uberhappy
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube.
please follow me back.
Thanks!
RT As always, great lunch today
HELP TREND AustinIsOurWorld HELP  :D :D
DF Indie Studos..i like what you're doing
Me  this dude tryna see who can hustle the hardest.
Lol he won.
My 120 his 138 
what ya been up to B?
Ur a daddy?
HappyMothersDay to every mother, no matter who you are, you are greatly appreciated and we are all very thankful for you
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
Great seeing awesome demo of thx
no problem :
having trouble sleeping, i wonder why...
Yeah.
I owed my friend at trip to LSP, so we're sitting together!
It should be fun!
Transformers on FX while I run.
I may get distracted and do a full marathon
I'd say I love you but she would even budge to hear it
Wake n bake.
Care to join?
May you dwell richly in us Lord.
No judging!
Did you have a garlic knot?
RT : Fatty lunch break at Ciro's Pizza!
I'm so fucking annoyed.
I want my mom to involve the police so that these thieves from school learn a damn lesson
Anybody else watching the Women's Soccer World Cup??
is that the truest thing ever said?
I found out, this worked only because the cop was in a good mood.
I got stopped by a cop leaving Houston, going to Austin.
He asked me if...
New Paragon Enhancements
YEAH GOOD TO HEAR FROM YA !
Begin today by seeing your delays as protective blessings from God.
Have faith your blessings are near...
Packing for Alumnae Weekend.
Just stop making promises u cant keep.
I'm tired of getting my hopes up and then getting my heart broken.
School tomorrow
This is such a bummer!
RT : 10news: 2 State Parks In County To Close Due To Budget Cuts: Two state parks...
bit.ly/lByzWh
Newbury Street: PEANUT BUTTER froyo has landed!
Get it swirled on a fresh Belgian waffle with strawberries on top for a SUPER PBJ!!!
There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child
Indecision becomes decision with time.
Author Unknown
never heard of it
Oh, I was never a businessman.
I was a visionary, a doctoramer.
To my followers  if you got a direct tweet from us about someone saying bad things about you, do not open the link.
It's a hack link.
Sorry
ugh....U'll stand up for ANYONE from Cleveland/Ohio won't ya?
Hello sir!
If you'd like to stretch your comedic legs we have an open mic tomorrow at 630pm in Abq
Toys and Games do not have to be pricey.
Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have the same great toys at great prices.
Check it out!
What if I start murkin niggas foreal?
I want to....
What are your top 3 concerns with this years Badger squad?
In exactly one week from today, I'll b in Miami!
I can't wait!
:
Amen Dave!
The Grammys
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Erich Fromm
look up ships with mates on the app store!
Oh lord.
I installed Lion and lost half my fonts.
That was a year ago.
Still have to change fonts to read random mystery documents.
Hey not sure which author you mean.
Hard to keep conversation thread on Twittr.
Are you on email, then doctorp me a line.Mike
Just followed because sent me here
It's Okay But Yea I Know What That Means lol

Everybody's favorite announcer on Fox, guess.
yo just saw your msg!
holler back!
I'll stop the world and melt for you.
yfrog.com/kh0jepj How bout that Bella is that good enough
Rubio.
Its called a jump shot and its a fundamental.
Somehow they dont teach it in spain.
Fun interactive work.
Love it!
Congrats on the launch.
Let's hope they sprout up in the spring!
dude..we get it..Wisconsin won...move on and focus on the a whipping coming from vandy
Enjoying our Event and Wifi at the same time!
Don't be tryna make me feel sorry 4 Boeheim ESPN, I want the Badgers to
I honestly miss my best friend.
you and me both!!
actually I'm out right now!
this day is DONE!
Please move here!
It's amazing and you would not only up my trivia score, but my fun level!!
Get on that!!
Silvius: focusing on captainring learning journey, not just polished final products.
u are cracking me up on 810 this morning!!
So you're firing up the blender post race?
See you then.
Happy Leap Year Boston!!!
Any plans on your extra day today??
Cheesecake is my passion, weight is my gain
can't wait to vote for the first time as a D.C.
resident.
I love the Ceciro .
Nothing new under the sun.
haha...had to.
Good luck today!
Thank you for having lunch with us at :
Dude get some sleep...lots is riding on you tomorrow!!!!
The topics of illegal immigration and immigration have caused politicians and analysts from the extreme left and the far right
Love the glitch background!
NAMBLA NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATED THEY ARE MOLESTING OUR BOYS.
CAN YOU SAY PEDOPHILE!!!!!!!
just wanted to say hi and hope all is well in life and at the poker tables!!!
xo
I am looking into both.For me I think it is all about branding I do not think it will be professortable during the promo
Next goal to get my flat screen and PS3
i randomly have bruises everywhere /:
or avery's theory: some sort of super expensive party with free fireworks and helicopter rides
will you follow me.?
IHate This School.
damn I got some head bangor kush all day
Thanks for the follow, Nutphree!
Keep up the tasty work!
Me neither.
I'll take a look!
awwwh.
I would be honored :
Random, but I just thought i'd tweet you  tell you that you're amazing  that iloveyouuuu!
3 YCB all day!
:
looking for great new talent.
any good rb artist in the h??
Don't miss your last chance to see Ringling Bros.
and Barnum  Bailey  Presents doctorgons!
at Hampton Coliseum tonight!
Reggie Bullock saved the tarheels tonight.
i would subscribe to brokaw's voice on an eternal loop
ohmygosh I want the snooki one!:O
Last night in Los Angeles need I say more??
nope.
didn't need anything special, I was just checking when to doctorp in.
Twitter  Facebook weak so I'm going to Sleep
Combo of scents from browning onions for red sauce  baking Italian bread means I now want to bake onion bread.
Any good recipes out there?
damn bro you be sounding like kid kudi!
Haha keep it up I like your bars!
watching a scary movie!!:
His headnod was even better.
You're welcome!
: xo
Dodgers have a day off today and back on the field tomorrow in LA vs the Washington nationals.
7:10 game start with Kershaw on the hill.
Or Green tea flavored?
The guy who sings 'we are young' is 30.
That's scary.
don't work too hard!
the funny thing is is shes Rican.
Im Rican.
we butt heads like a mofo
thank you so much for joining us last night and happy birthday, Tablehopper!
Muahahahaha the filth.
Thanks for the awesome tweet.
Happy Holidays to you too!
:
we're working with to create CERT teams in SWDC and at GangplankMarina!
I miss you, my friend.
My fault of course...but miss you nonetheless.
Not being in an office does wonders for my productivity.
I am
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Be good to yourself.
Sam Ash salesman
And zimmerman said fuck it i dont wanna go to court.
Fuck it im on the run for The month UUGH!!
it's going good : how about yourself?
gladly.
It
no you werent !
you were perfectly fine.
Not digging the hour ahead thing
come on Tribe RT : Longest OpeningDay game in Major League history.
Happening now in Progressive Field.
16th inning.
Happy Earth Day!
Special shout out to every nonprofessort working in conservation, ed, research,  inspiring activism for our beautiful planet!
I'm down by stage AE.
If anyone wants me to pick up Devo tickets lmk
is that y u smell ?
have to put a question mark on that swag homie lol idk if throwbacks came back yet Trint lol
Summer fun begin!!
ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored pretend I'm a zombie laying on a bed.
Oo
Or chose to wur your tennnisss shoes lalalalalala :p
Seen around town: a Jimmy John's two doors down from a Jenny Craig.
if by lab you mean a basketball court, then good luck tonight.
Please don't pretend to be something you're not.
Race is not sexuality.
Funny how white libs always get that confused.
Omg...
I had to replace my printer and got a wireless one.
I freaking love it.
Printing from room to room.
Yes little things make me happy
my breakfast was a stack of three waffles with white chocolate chips in between each, eaten like a sandwich.
There are prizes awaiting you!
What time are you done class/work?
tell your homie Joseph happy birthday from me even tho I don't know him
RT : So many Reiki practitioners are unaware of the amazing effectiveness of Usui's traditional Japanese techniques.
chillin,u have a contact for production?
It's difficult to follow your doctoram.
It's a tragedy not to  Anonymous
Ah!
I really need someone to help me with these poems!
Walk right in...sit right down...daddy let your hair hang down...
President Obama will say anything to get your vote.
I'am still waiting for him to walk with Union members he promised in 2008.
Congrats to comics writer for book deal w/ Random House on how to write comicsluck to have him teaching !
victim of a random bug bite on my thumb while sleeping last night; never realized how many every day tasks require a properly working thumb.
RT : Readoctoract zone attack thought  one good pin deserves another.
Zone shifts hard on first skip and second is wide open.
I'm not judging you ...
grammar before genes, right?
;
I swear that song is playing every time I go to Safeway.
Somewhat of a deterrent.
:P
What's the best way to pull page images out of PDFs and see what they're dpi, compression method etc.
are?
Must be a tool out there
Redditors not only ask good questions RE: Mn3.
Also good advice.
teminusest: ..remember: bring two hobbies,...solitary one and a social one.
Your hair is a amahzing to quote Penny from Happy Endings.
CONGRATULATIONS to Armfield Dentistry!
Our daily winner of a Google Andoctorid Tablet at Booth 814 here at the Southwest Dental Conference!
Weed got me laughing like a damn hyena.
If you're going to wear socks with sandals, your socks should probably be clean.
sound fun
That's because you are a big sweetheart!
do we get free subs since United beat the Fire
Temporal void by Peter Hamilton  great read.
hey where r u now?
Are u in NYC?
Or chicago?
Have you talked to Milton Rodoctorguez?
This boy in my school looks JUST LIKE No lie!!
He looks like he could be his son!!
omg!!!!
That sucks I'm sry boo how u get that??
An well good ur better now..
an I'm doing good just putting myself out there
I need to get a shave reminder 
Have you guys been?
Any good tips?
lol I'm flattered!
;
i ate at edo's squid in richmond with 2 of my fave dudes.
TIGHT.
why don't we have food like that in the cville??
Where they at
Workout, write, then Koi tonight with friends and family in BH
At the LawDay event...
is introducing
Don't worry, I picked it up for ya.
; : I continue to be the worst stock picker of all time.
Decided to dump BAC.
Up 14 since
damn damn damn, what i'd do to make this connection fast?
i wish it'll be fast
hey come into my chat!
thanks for the retweet!
Cant wait for the first session of the writing mastermind with just a few more minutes!
Approaching Albuquerque.
One hour out from landing in Phoenix!
Grow up and get over it.
I've heard the French love pudding.
RT : When SEO works, Google has failed.
Laughter is by definition healthy.Doris Lessing...especially when you can laugh at yourself ;
thanks Kalyn!!
We had a great time  it was awesome meeting you :
I'll DM you my email
i just found out that GoldForever is going to be my class' prom song!
:
I'd be OK with that!
LOL
Happy they tied it but wow will i be tired for work tomorrow!
OT RT Seabrook!!!!!!!!
If you haven't watched it yet watch Spartacus!!
: I just found out how to repin stuff on Pinterest.
Sh!t's about to get crazy.
It changed my whole life!
yes hun that was mine!
U dug it?
So, i've picked a color for my bedoctorom..
Teeheehee..
this is gonna be sexy!
:
just found out on wed.
im nashville bound :D so excited 5 days in music city usa!
Can't see raw data, though I'm guessing it's out there somewhere.
Judges are trying to gear competition to Joshua.
Jessica is WAY BETTER.
BAD Judges!!!
Merry Christmas, we r in Oklahoma City with people that matters the most in our life, from ups and downs always there.
Go Caps!
RT : RT this message if you are cheering on the Capitals tonight on HNIC
thank you for Friday mention!!
Have a beautiful weekend!
it's not friday but maybe you should consider following : feel better soon.
could still perform in Indonesia in theory, Just not Jakarta
Sleep with no eye open.
Glad to finally see both the Lakers  Clippers in the playoffs this year.
TeamLA 
Thanks for the painting RT!
Everyone needs a petty tyrant in their life.
If you don't have one, get one.
you may have been hacked, you're sending dms
just arrived in Pittsburgh ....dc Assault 16  17 at 940 ....pitt jamfest...get focused!
Happy Mothers day!!
Time to eat some rice krispies  watch sports center all day to see them hype the Lakers up lol
I meanwho wants to approve an jerk for ordination?
DEAR INTERNET, please let me sleep.
I LOVE sleep.
Sincerely, every Internet Users.
haha cute RT : RT : AP Calculus inspirational quote for tomorrow: odd numbers: i can't even
want to noe i wat i hate the most r liers...
cheater ......
freak i am a hot mess lol jk
Had a great dinner with We highly recommend the pretzel baguette, salads and short rib burger.
Yum!
thanks for the follow, Yvonne!
Love reading the words of wisdom you share.
RT Sally Thorner wrote a childoctorn's book!
She's also wonderful, very kind and fun.
Plus, she reads all the time.
Vote for Sally!
:
Stup is easy nowadays, it's the actual writing that's hard to do plus finding the time to do it!
That's the nail in the coffin.
Empty netter.
Rangers will probably win this one 30.
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 15
Text was sent from Athletic Dept.
Not Graham, it was merely his statement.
hey jewels watching Hansbrough and Indiana Right now babe : Xoxo
I've got some Coronas!
You come over and watch a scary with me or something.
:
Even doe he da one who made this frown on my face..!!
That bad mother jeremy lin doctorppin 38 on la!
: I'm not flirting.
I'm just being extra nice to someone who is extra attractive ;
thanks for coming!!
You looked fab as usual.
In the studio working on the song Fixed Me.
Can't wait for yall to hear it!
That was actually a good foul.
: Sitting in class wondering how the hell the teacher got the job...
love you both!!
When you sneeze and fart a little.
Hoping no one heard it.
CAUSE IF THEY DID YOU GONE BE IN SOME TROUBLE
senior shirt and jeans
These are the weakest playoff foul calls ever.
love it!
Yes indeed Becks Vier does go well with German Soccer who else bet against the Titan of German Soccer?My clients did
Nosebleeds N school 
It seems like a whole year has passed since I went to sleep...
Happy Mother's Day Steppy!
ask a english teacher!
I just made it to the Sleigh Bells show with We can't wait for the Christmas songs to begin!
We need more models....
Interested?
Email 35 photos and stats to
RT : TSE12 you can't do more with less without technology
Something disgusting and funny just happened.
OMG.
TimeWarner on that BS.
Thanks, Walker.
Coming from you that's high praise.
I really do appreciate your support and encouragement.
We are doing great!!
That ia awesome, what time are you on??
Now your here come on out the rain, soaking Wet, body Glistening!!
it really is ;
Finally gave in to twitter?
Going to school with
learning about doctorpal testing at
are you alive?
No tweets about UK in the final 4 or championship?!
Congrats!
But seriously are u ok?
Where r you??????
I like that..Bobbie for short
She gets mad at me for wanting to do this...so I offer that, and she still gets pissed.
Make up ur fucking mind
Alexia!
I know your Mom from long ago.
I lost all contact info when I moved  would love speak with her!
5127883189 :
If it flies it dies
Found by colleague: 5/4/49 letter from Mark van Doren to Morris Ernst re.
Allen Ginsberg's legal troubles.
Key moment in Beat history!!!
Our identity does not come from the creation, but the Creator.
How much longer will republicans fight irrelevancy by being horrible people?
Nik, I would like to do the same.
Teachers want respect, autonomy to teach their way, no high stakes testing.
Money is least
Riding heavy BOy!
So try me if U Wont!!
In CHHE news, 80 6th graders are coming to tour the exhibit and hear from Conrad, a local survivor, tomorrow!
it is seriously tasty.
Brand new place a few blocks from my house.
labelmates ADayToRemember are leaving Victory, whats next for you guys?
and when the hell are you playing MN again?
Angela you're here  FFW?
Sorry I didn't see you.
Thanks for tweeting the panel pic!
Check out this years newly released Knightfdn survey on the Future of the First Amendment firstamendment at www.knightfoundation.org
Bean suggests you for Thursday's luncheon Taste and Tweet at Bin on the Lake.
Let me know if it works for you
New blog on the way....
Don't forget to call us !
5866630054
RIP Christopher Hitchens.
Guy could be a dick, but he sure was intelligent about it.
Thanks for the insight!
Someone needs to get a pair of pants that fit for the next dance...
Looking toward 2012, let's strive to engage in 1 activity that allows us to peer outside the bubble we sometimes live in.
Peace.
Do you have Adam Chapman's email?
Could you DM or email me it?
grayish shorts???
Helping my parents pack for L.A..
Man I hate when they leave me
Quickest way to lose ya life is bring my fckin child up
Punk'd was a little too easy to predict but now with rotating hosts...
Interesting :
I'm going to eat now sincerely christina the cuban
MyBiggestProblem is people who need help, and go to the WRONG people and then don't get the help they need.
:
ShortSale Searching!
I have the plan all set upCall me for details http:www.laurengardiner.com
thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the retweet!
words hurt more then guns
I wanna be somebody's princess..
: LMAO jk, i'm my daddy's princess 3
I'm in a party of 5 how many you got
Pushed some new images out to my Facebook Fan Page.
I push some to yfrog once I get a chance.
trying not to fall in love with the dude wearing ed hardy and shutter shades
good :D
No doubt.
Fun seeing you at Mark's place
point wasn't that most people have.
That there are people that have you wouldn't expect.
Access to internet is key though
that was just hurtful I don't know how to take that...jerk.
Cadbury Cream Eggs are shrinking, right?
Probably for the best cause i'll be inhaling them!
Happy Easter Bunnies!!!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Is that your real hair Duh, why wouldn't it.
Happy Birthday to Mom!!!
Thanks for the RT.
Ready to hang out with and son!
:
I just smashed into it myself.
RT : Hello, metaphorical brick wall.
Right on time, I see.
I'm thinking has another Twitter account, for which he uses an alias.
Wish I knew it.
At Junior Seau's church, New Venture Christian Fellowship, in Oceanside.
Today members remember Junior.
More
follow back:
giving testimony Annapolis statehouse for HB457 transportation job training bill
RT : PaycheckFairnessAct  first passed in1963.Penalizes companies discriminating against women.
GOP blocking it.Fighting it!
Happy Birthday fellow Taurus!
RT So thankful God allowed me to see another year.
Happy birthday to me 
Social signals are the new links.
Jay Berkowitz
Thank you Tony Hsieh for reading my email....Zappos rules!
I was really looking forward to being homeless for a day.
I think a lot but don't say much.
Some girl on fb just said she would've never thought Snooki would get pregnant.
when is the camp?
Thanks for the support!
what do you care..a bit jealous huh?
Im still hyped on SWEED, and im hyped on Eric Greenwood!
but Sweed is on thin ice in August!
1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Only the weak are cruel.
Gentleness can only be expected from the strong.
send me an email with your details on and I will call you to discuss options.
Quote of the Day: Live well, laugh often and love with all of your heart!
Green Lantern was like an abusive relationship.
When it was good it was damn good but most of the time it was hurting me
I hope not!
It is not the age, it is the infiniti.
People really buy those?
Day of Promotion tomorrow.
Send me anything tomorrow  I'll RT it, pimp it, put it in the Podcast, whatever.
Promotion Day from WubOneOut !
Indies  The Sentimental Engine Slayer, Ilegales and The doctor Land with special guest Ryan Piers Williams.
Yes!
Please call me if you need me.
I am accessible and can help!!!
I'm so tired of seeing so many tweets about one direction!
I don't care!
Temperature in the newsroom feels like doctorpped 10 degrees in the last hour.
Would you rather have it too hot or too cold where you work?
The big10 is full of pit bull, lock you down defensive teams.
Nobody looks to be having much fun against them in NC games.
Some great Native American wisdom there.
Rock the Red!
Go Caps!!
6/22 Outdoor Divas, Outward Bound, and Savory Spice are all teaming up to teach you a little something about Cooking in the Outdoors...
CMT music videos makes my morning 100x better.
Especially when Brantley comes on ;P
It's going well so far Terry.
Just strange to suddenly have new blood relatives.
Staring matches trying to see ourselves
Blue Sand Design wants to thank our heroes for their sacrifice.
Happy Veterans Day!
Cant Wait For The New !
I Love Seeing Ari in Cat Form!
:D xx

stoop kid
: Looking for a better job?
If so you can be your own boss and...
I demand a blowing job then we'll talk
Did you know that you can actually call 991 in an emergency?
You can also call 919, 191, or any other combination of 9, 1, and 1.
Rich of the world: Give back 20 x more than you EVER take from society.
Give ti all back.
Follow Buffett and Gates.
Like to design?
Want to make money?
Join us, www.brandninjas.com
Im so in love with them and they dont even know it..
Its going down TONIGHT!!!!
The Boro Bar and Grill!!!!!
Show starts at 9!!!!!!!!!
Give us a holler!
I am sure the folks won't mind going a bit further.
They are maniacs!
At a The English Beat show.
There is nothing funny about how many sore hips there are going to be tomorrow.
My phone autocorrects chyea to chyeaaaa!
Living the doctoram, guys.
: Good to know.
I don't understand why girls with no tattoos get one behind their ear.
I just heard something so funny that tells you how old I am Send a SelfAddoctorssed Stamped Envelope.
;
really?!
good 3
Great advice.
I'm still learning.
More pirate then princess, but I'm trying.
Made 2 sales today...I am no longer the ryan of my office
I'm so informative.
lol!
yes sir, I was born the same day as Elvis Presley
Im off to dollywood
Thanks Omar  likewise!
Factory in Philly wit seeing a nice nite out
okay so i havent been on twitter in a while and my followers doctorpped.
RT : You were my everything, I was your nothing.
He has faced constant double teams and still been the only reason they even remained competitive in Games 2 and 3.
skip them, if request isn't clear, imagine what the project process might look like!
take it as a sign...
thats why I said next time x
Thanks for sharing  I like 'Let's Tie the Knot'
Justin beiber get out of here.
I MOVED to maryland
that1friend who is always the quickest and loudest to yell shotgun but is the quietest whenever we get anywhere near a gas station...
Happy Birthday!: Have A Good One I Love You!
I'm horrible!
:
Why am I starting to get sick??!
Hello its May NOT January!
:
Anybody else being mysteriously removed as admin from their Pages?
What you doing
Why do ppl wear sunglasses when it's overcast and rainy
Staying Positive :
bro my bad i forgot about our plans today.
Early morning trip to Sac for meetings then its off to visit the inlaws for a long weekend.
e l i got a sexy car
and that's how rumors start fml
Thanks to all of our new followers
you all for your sacrifice's!!
Hope to have some new material on our website this week.
Let you all see what we have been up to.
Wishing everyone a terrific Tuesday!!
A bit busy today as I am playing catch up from taking Friday and Monday off.
talked to gregory sierra tday, appeared briefly in other side of the wind.
1/2 my childhood was spent watching him on brnymiller/sanfordson
Lmao I see you girl.
Tryna get a man with money saying you pregnant AGAIN lmfao OKAY THEN.
We already know it's going down at the best Happy Hour in history!!
The retreat was so fun
Sad moment when things, feelings, or people change when you least expect them to.
The purpose of all the major religious traditions is not to construct big temples on the outside,
They just never know what they had until I'm gone.
Heard you be going off the head??
You dont need paper!!
Sorry we don't.
Are you looking for a few hotels?
We know a few good spots!
Just grabbed Sergio Romo in my fantasy league because Brian Wilson is done for the year.
i dont know, i just wanted to...my bad
nah, you were just walking around with Cantor, looking Viesy.
Yess!
I keep eyeing that pink house, I want to party there
Great job everyone!
RT : It is OFFICIAL!
As of 5pm, Oscar's  Beef, Booze  Broads is OPEN!
Been waiting 7 years for stronger ban.
1st one passed a few months after my wife died.
Let's get it done!
Thx.
the weather is nice right now in Florida, enjoy funinthesun :
How about going into hiring a real Customer Support dpt again.
U switched CM to Marketing last year.
follow and please :D x74
Feeling so inspired :
Finally at dentist's office.
Let's hope my nightmare ends here shortly.
I have enjoyed eggplant Parmesan but I could probably do without the eggplant part.
The memories that you select you keep the bad but the good you just forget.
Good morning Oklahoma
Im really afraid that my sister is going to have a miss carriage because of her epilepsy
Any chance you could RT some of your wonderful followers to follow me!
can't catch up to u but it would help!
1 day left GCSSC
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it?
P.s I love you.
From amber x
what kind of book are you reading?
Im on dat yoga short status dat white girl status
i have the best man ever!!!!
he surprised me with him coming home earlier then he said he would!!!!!!!!
ah i love him
Just bought my groceries and feel so proud of how I shop and eat.
Everything is healthy.
Well, not the cutting board.
On Sale!
: Just saw a 69 year old man Tebow at mid court.
ilovethisgame That's awesome, Seniorgee is the best...better, sorry girls
I keep getting the throttled message telling me to check back later.
How much later?
I never got it!
um you guys aren't talking about the schticky, are you?!
WANT!!!!!
Plus the informercial's mug shot scene is redic..
so true
thanks!
kinda freaked when we learned a lot of stuff is already booked 1year in advance ; How are the 'hotel rooms' at CiC?
:Really mine has been frozen in time lol...Need some friends friend bahahaha!
I Couldn't Even Answer Her Questions Cause I Was So Mad And Kept Shaking!
.
okay fine.
it is quite delicious!
And here are your Pittsburgh Succos.
Guess the winner of the Aussie open is the one who can grunt/shriek the loudest
I was all you want a response?
Well, congrats, you harassed me into responding.
Now we're friends?
It's a great day!
caution  watch your behind!
What you thought about sugar is a lie!
Learn about one of the most prevalent things found in just about everything you eat, click here...
Did that just happen ; ItsBeenAStrangeMorning
Thanks so much!
Your opinion means a lot to us.
We hope you'll be just as happy with the rest of our project.
hahaha yes!
But who will film us?
I feel you.However once you get up to a certain point, it's all about constant growth.You have to catch up before you can pass.
right on bro!!!!
My /Korean/ album OTL.
cries
Using Facebook and Twitter are great ways to spread the word about your Reach the Beach fundoctorising campaign.
i heard you were doing some follows...
follow me please!:
Great night of learning.
5mi run w  Paleo chili dinner w  standing ovation model.
Colorado bound!!!
hey Ben, I seen you tweet your looking 4 producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
missing educon this weekend and the annual trek to Philly  Twitterview is just not an acceptable replacement
There are few companies who consistently support startups through thick and thin.
For sure , Thank YOU!
It was a great reading!
Not too much grand about it but a good time was had by all.
Thank you for the guitar pick in san antonio, I forgot to come and say hi.
:
No more desperate housewives :
I was just reading 's take on education, which I'm sure would make your head explode.
Doin it now.

You're skinny and stressed.
It'll happen.
P.S.
everyone in the whole world can read what you write.
Tweet accordingly.
you know about the June 4 Code for oakand hackathon happening in oaklandcheck out codeforoakland.org
Listening to music till I fall asleep .
Nap time .
am I the only one that thinks the whole concept of friends with benefits is dumb?
Hi Paul, we're working on a server but it should be up in just a few minutes, will keep you updated.
Good Morning Ficellenians, its Ficelle day Navy Yard!
live for the nights like last night.
does make
A coloring book would be nice too.
lol i should have thought out my master plan in more detail...could have led u on a wild goose chase!
Let's go Knicks!
Cause someone said she was the Queen of Pop, then I went crazy and then there like you hate her and I'm like I just dont like
AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay The Beatles?
You like The Beatles?
Omg, old story!
Come on, you're in the 21st century!
vv
I Don't Want Nobody To Move For 2 Mins..That's A 150 Secs....Nigga Ugly
wow already?
He's good.
KEEP THE FIGHT!
Ever wonder what it's like to have your own personal adult toy rep that can give you information about the latest toys on the market?
Look!
RT : Just saw the episode.
It's odd that Princess Polly is both hot and hideous.
Hoteous.
When I was in school, they taught us that stuff in home ec
Hold on to this emptying fullness
Sign ups coming in thick and fast for our 11am tournament, 60 gets you 5000 in tournament chips and 20 minute blind levels.
Chicken chicken milk curry beer and eggs
Just found out that I am for sure graduating on time!
Yay!!
If you mean SF Bay get with bestexecutiveproducerevah D
Advocate Tori Kelly is hosting a Night at the Library for pairup4pd in WA w/ doctor Burdick from Parkinson's
I see myself as sexy.
If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
Aaliyah
Nimble does inline compression for both flash and disk...
Earthquake data center is reporting it's based in LA, Looks somewhere around a 5ish, this is not confirmed.
Gotta watch my pimping I be going too hard ;
ahh!
it's happening!
great!
a lil rainy on Oahu but its warm rain which makes for a fun bike ride : howzit with u?
Follow for the latest updates on new H St spots opening soon!
i hate when i smell other ppls farts in class, but i do appreciate my own blend lol
bob errey said staal and gorgeous in the same sentence :
Bring bikescore to Baltimore!
Yes.
: More brutal than MI Primary.
RT : Spartans lose to Indiana 7055 in lackluster effort.
Idk how I feel about white girls using the word nigga lol
Ughh....I hate my dad....he took away my phone :'
I missed the mini analysis, what was it saying?
what one person sees as a road block is simply a detour to the determined spirit Be unstoppable.
Make a way 3 Reroute
Are you protecting your business?
Sometimes, the most expensive decision you make is deciding you cant afford to speak with a lawyer.
I don't WANT I NEED.
I will stay UP ALL NIGHT trying to convince my mum to buy it.
I WISH I could just buy it already1DVD ...
WHY AM I AWAKE
i thought i saw you earlier!!!
i am in denver too
I wasn't there today!
You're on.
But, no time for barfing, got a train to catch
Your welcome!
NW  Tenacious D Live at Brixton Academy
how did u get to follow that many people?
It made me stop at 2000 : thats not far!
iim for real
Gonna watch BADGIRLSCLUB , in a lil while
Problem with guy's n girls  guys pretend to like you when they don't.
girls pretend they don't like you when they do
IS GONNA BE MY BEST FRIEND AFTER IM ON DEFF GOTTA GET HER IN THE GOING DOWNVIDEO
Sign on bonus!
HaI wish!
But, am hopefulIt'll be good to start working again.
I love Arby's
can you make more then one person an admin in a group?
LOL yes we will!!!
And it will be low at first site!
Hahahahahahaa
Exactly.
The interaction  is either positive fan interaction or damage control of people bitching at them b/c they suck.
FINALLY ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!!:
Eating at Kinoshita  Sun Jakamoto was full.
So far, unexciting and disappointing.
I thought Brazil was supposed to have good Japanese food!
Building a company was suppose to be easy right?
No warning on he headaches the follows in tow.
haha mayday parade dear
A little LavioletteGranato action at City versus United.
Penguins Argument over yellow cards.
DPS says blue light call box issues unexpected.
Most already repaired and rest to follow Monday!
Had a great time reading We're Going on a Lion Hunt with at Cecil Elementary School.
Awesome kids..
Time to catch up from last week.
Thank god for my DVR !!
Gov.
Perry on CNN says Don't Ask, Don't Tell worked fine.
actually we found that shirt on Melrose.
We're going to Melrose.
:
wow that was fast.
Ur was better.nail polish, It was random.
:
uh whoa, thanks for the follow !
so is that a yes?
i'm your mascot?
;
i was headed insane the devil told me his name but he's not welcome here anymore
Guess not, no going to see fight afterall : O well......
Big theme emerging here at stratcon12 is the need for better ways for practitioners of designthinking to communicate with stakeholders.
all the time you just wasted with me could have been a blog entry
Woohoo!
Do we win a prize?!
hahahaaaa, i love it!!
i'm home.
i'm finishing my sammwich, and making an espresso, and then knocking on yo door :
A video production can cover a range of areas like TV commercials, business videos, personnel videos, event videos and home videos etc.
it's so true!

Keep your heart open for as long as you can, as wide as you can, for others and especially for yourself.
Morrie Schwartz
Create a buyer persona based on social listening and research
maybe after you get your ghetto ish fixed.
I like it when fat girls run.
My favorite hobby is probably watching overweight bitches try to run hahahahahahaha
we have several different street team assignments!
Lots of promoting!
what an idiot
he puts the twit in twitter
Day 7 SONY Service Watch and they Finally Called!
Day Late  short!
Traded the Sony for a Samsung.
Service MGT.
failed to call on 4th.
Sacred sounds is Saturday the 21st at 830  see you there
Getting Ready for Court Wish me Luck I'm praying that It's a Good Outcome.....
I'm in homeschool.
Finishing up a second degree  2 jobs  a suffering blog.
Need to update soon!
It's the possibility of having a doctoram come true that makes life interesting.
Paulo Coelho, Alchemist
RT : D'Backs fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
Utah then Colorado then NYC.
they all have an amazing talent3
PetPeeves When I try to let kids know that I and other people like me exist, and conservatives accuse me of trying to teach kids gay sex.
um...that lady just walked to Target with her face covered in noxzema.
I wonder if she knows?
Can someone suggest a good book, I just finished
We'll be on Fox 34 with Nicole Garza tomorrow morning!
6:309am.
We're doing segments on spring fashion.
Wake up and watch!
I love being back home to see all the fall colors :
Thanks for follow, lots of good stories out there.
Will new blackberry client run on the Torch?
Does anyone have a public list of YA and/or kids librarians that I can follow?
Follow your doctorams, work hard, practice and persevere
then i saw a family of bunnies and didn't want to kill myself anymore.
My Sonata for violin and harp to be premiered at the Church of the Advent in Boston on Oct 8 at 8:00 PM.
ok den
Really like how and immediately retweet all of the idiots who rip them on twitter.
That may quite possibly be the worst rendition of the National Anthem I have ever heard!
School Tuesday ;/
Going to try and post an acoustic song so you guys can hear what we have to offer ;
Omg Fully Charge?
On the bright side, if Duke beats UNC tonight we would still be in first place
This time I saw it and thought charitable, just, and true
I like people too much or not at all.
About to sit down at Sticky Lips while doctornking the first Kind off the line.
We are live here!
Get your doctornk on.
because i never thought of him as much as i think of sub.
i've never felt this way before.
there's no words to describe this one.
haha!
U gon catch me one day, i promise you 
thanks for the RT!
Yes and yes.
Sadly.
RT : would Tryvon Martin be alive if he was white?And would the suspected killer be n jail if he was black?
Female marathon event record holder Nicole Chyr returning to defend her title!
East Baltimore has the largest percentage of vacant homes.
We are asking businesses to move into these areas...
Tomorrow is Friday.
What does everyone have planned for the weekend?!?
someone hacked y'all.
absolutely!
how much would you like to wager?
: RT : Threequarters of people find jobs through being out there, engaged and meeting people.John A.
Challenger
Norfolk, VA, right beside VA Beach.
I know this is out of nowhere but it's 2 months away  I'd totally help fly you here lol
if im interested in doing illustrations for you guys..how do i go about doing that?
:
can you please follow me?
im a huge fan 3
started as a dancer  found I had the hands for modeling and knew what to do with them!
Farting noises are becoming a constant thing coming out of my mouth
Not A Proctologist TShirt
sorry sweetie im on limit, i will when i don't hit 
I miss 1  2 RT : 3 things I wanna forget: 1 Websites on Angelfire 2 The sound of dialup 3 the loving touches TSA agents gave me
Happy MothersDay!
We are especially grateful for Chef's mom b/c w/o her there would be no Mommy's Meatballs!
Haven't ate in 15 hours and jimmyjohns is saving my life
0 fer 4 weekend.
Cal, Huskies, Seahawks and my fantasy team all go down in flames.
I have hit bottom very early in the season.
a couple yrs ago I could pull it off, but now???
EEK RT : i would break my neck I'm those lol
happy Wednesday to you and everyone else
I love Shonen Knife!
I also like some other Japanese bands.
IT'S CRAZY THAT MY RIGHT HAND MAN Pause AIN'T NEVER BEEN OUT OF MILWAUKEE!!!
FF Must follow where ever you live!
I could never hate anyone...
Especially you!!
Our weather radio is getting a workout tonight.
Gonna hit the shop after work and get me a much needed haircut
we're eating dinner first  i will have wings there Jeff might pass on food but we're good!
No worries.
Thanks for looking after us
I just got lucky.
lol
I need new people to text with.
Haha
In one of those moods where I'm laying in my bed crying, and I don't even know why.
wish I were at your preconference.
going to the airport soon.I'll read all the tweets on the plane..
love love loved this weeks episode of The Secret Circle !!!
watched with
did you like the free cd?
Thank you Mary!!
RT : Met amazing Dawn Peters last night at book party: beautiful and smart!
Happy New Year!
Today our company takes the giant leap into Cloud Computing and Electronic Medical Records.
We have been wedded to paper for years!
so happy today thanks to you :
Dick Clark passed away today at the age of 82 from a heart attack in L.A.
you're sharing of wisdom has strengthened mankind grasshopper, thanks for RT
Aww thanks.
Alex and I really need to write a paper together one of these days.
no reply?
in Houston tomorrow if you want to grab a coffee in the afternoon.
I'll be downtown.
looking for a sugar daddy, any takers?!
DAMN MKG with a grown ass man move
if u say so :b
Thanks for the RT :
Home alone, My house been empty since I came back from school.
Lol I shoulda had open crib .
We can help you there!
You like cookies or brownies?
I don't smoke all day every day.
Because sometimes I'm in an airport.
I ran 5 races in the past two days and won 4 of them.
Fuck I'm tired
Any party plans for this weekend?!
Happy Birthday to a friend of mine that made yesturday...
CPAC Chicago is in a few weeks.
I'm sure the campaign will be there.
Hit them up.
I wanna come just for the food.
yeah i DARE YOU to do a black metal ANYTHING
So i entered to win Kiss Concert tickets 20,000 times..
not kidding...
You have to sacrifice to live
i know...sorry
let's hope !
Does the sight of me wanting you, doctorve you crazy?3
im home ;
There are many more at the DIETribes list, including , , and others!
Thanks for the shout out.
Ding, ding, ding.
That's the right answer!
Who do you think you are, to write on his heart?
I mean, I love John Cusack too but really?
Excuse me while I go gag.
That's the only reason I can think of
Oh, no, here we go again....
Work work
Oh, interesting  I'm reading THE UNINVITED GUESTS in a few weeks!
Are you coming to the viewing party tomorrow?
Waiting for soca :
haha!
Thank you!
And yes you absolutely CAN have my autograph daaahhling 
in la homie you around or Dallas?
eating this muffin like a straight boy
we understand good quality service is hard to find but we can come that way with a added trip charge...:
Enjoyed celebrating the 40th anniversary of the ERA!
What a way to reenergize our movement for passage!
These days I'm more moody than Hank.
where can I watch the BRITS??
:
My waitress is just way too akward....
I want to help her!
Everything she does just fails...
poor thing lol
Sometimes I feel like nobody really cares.
We can't root for either team in this one...
GO BAY AREA!
/
I hope Louis' surprise visit helped you ace your exam today!
:
Truly the Fort Worth way to celebrate, IMO.
Tryna keep my eyes open...
How can we get a satellite location open in Gwinnett County, GA?
We would love access to the resources in the other.
Thanks.
thanks for the plug!
:D
I only know my mom's side!
My dads side is in Cuba!
Are you a Bike Club member?
If so, you'll get FREE BEER at the Bike Industry Party for This week's newsletter has details.
Was dwelling on how somebody I know is kinda dumb, and then I walked off with the wrong grocery cart for the second time recently.
SnOod of thd day: afternoon recording session on a ravin on the console....
Christmas movies are the best .
:
Just witnessed a man slurping up the side of a nyc subway trash can...w his tongue.
What?
Yep.
Why is everyone so fat
Thanks for calling me ugly, Mom .
But you should know I'm not a mirror reflection of you .
Beware of the superficial 's Jay.
Nearly 7MM Americans are looking for work and most have doctorpped off the radar
Have you seen this kind of research before?
Perhaps a similar language formula will work for books...hmm.
I canceled my gym membership.
It doesn't make sense to me to consume energy to expend energy.
Urgh.
So full!
And sleepy now...
yawn.
Whats up everyone!!?
Just finished doctorpping off the items we collected to send to Haiti.
It feels good to give back!
MO MONEY MO PROBLEMS
nopes, but in one of my creative writing classes there was kid who ALWAYS talked about it.
Fantasy meets Stephen King?
baller.
Next 3 days are going to be cray
hey sweetheart how are you?
Don't underestimate the importance of personality and other tips on choosing an architect
My fav show Awkward is on
she to damn LIVE..
I know she be havin yo ass Rollin!
Thanks, NPR!
I had no idea what electronic music was.
lol no.
Sarcasm son
updateing my art www.valeriebrownart.com check out it sweethearts and sign on to my VIP list for updates
omg hey green ass
u djing all weekend
WHIPPING OUT THE NEW HEADSHOTS IN JUST A WEEK OR SO!
Dying to go to the gym today.
Must resist.
Going to see a matinee with my mother.
Soup's on at Lotties: havest veggie rice and potato bacon.
People are freakin weird
It depends on if i wanna travel to pgh 2 wks in a row thanks for the support do IT!!!!!!!!!!
RT if: someone has ever told you they loved you.
and then left like it was nothing.
oh.u got so weed
awful night : had to get my mom and rush her to the hospital.
Just got back.hopefully everything's ok.
don't know what i'd do without her.
Thanks for the love Twitter fam.
Have a great week!
Joo and Jae.
Alex Honnald is Spiderman sans pajamas.
imitate his work ethic.
You WON'T be stopped.
Does blocking a number stop iMessage too?
I'm on of them.
I may be a vegetarian but I'm not crazy!
Please contact with your code and errors.
We can help you out!
I could use your help...
painting my daughter's room for her 3rd birthday!
He's the king of talents that nobody wants.
Charlotte Roofing Specialists Launches ReDesigned Website
She tweet ha shyyt but she dnt text me:/
I miss mommuh
yes it is alot of work!
yeah, I am loving Monday too woo woo
BoyHow do five guys walk?
One Direction!
MeI've heard this a thousand times, nice try!
AND I KNOW.
THEIR SO GAY!
Boy...what?
Twitter is the only place where it's cool to be a follower...
i'm part of TeamBigBody what you mean?!
lol
I think they were optimistic w/weather forecast.
It's been cool  foggy all day.
Wonder what tomorrow will bring?
TYVM I love FLOTUS!
So lucky to have met herwe had a special connection that night.
Wish everyone could met her
Haha, well that's pretty much only option these days...
although I'll forever be a fans.
You ROCK dude!!!!
MWAH
oh god, you know your tweets seriously make me depressed!
Lol
Congrats to our brand new Babyfoods JOANNA DEAROLF  YEAN DO!
We've only had them for a few days and we're already obsessed with them.
/te
Most definitely...I have a perfect area.
Reasons to love my roommate: random obscure quotes from Fifth Element: Aziz, light!
yep!
See u Thursday maybe?
Sunday at Main Street Church81 W.
Main St.Peru, IN...
Finding God In Finding Nemo: Just Keep Swimming Services at 8  10:30AM...Join us
Same here I just luv the part when they all had paint and was parting she lloked so cute I want to hug her
I do not minecraft.
: damn you I hope your computer crashes I'll send it to you tomorrow, don't have it here
It's a great night for big band jazz at the IU MAC!
Employee stock purchases can be a great deal BUT make sure you plan for the holding period.
My sister brought this particular beast home with her from Switzerland, but generally I agree with you.
Needs to start paying my rent to the library
Countdown to 1st pitch at Miller Park is 70hours and 39minutes.
Defending NL Central Champs opening with Yo.
Tonight has reminded me of the pure brilliance of and Hot Fuzz
Man, best to not get on her Bad Side!
LOL
Home stretch!
Our attendees are ready for our final keynote: Dueling Perspectives on Elections w/ Karl Rove  James Carville.
Show us your independent artists!
Saw Chronical the other day...
REally enjoyed the honest look at what Super Powers would do if thrust upon someone!
Love it!
I'm anxiously awaiting Push Play
now speaking, on the panel at / Future of Publishing 
Final days of the halfprice sale!
Stop in to check it out.
how long are carbon cashouts taking?
Happy Monday!
Where did u dance this weekend?
Really, can I feel them?
Is stunned by the beauty of the coastline along the 101.
Thank you for not building houses along the water blocking the view of the 101
Come into the store today after 6:30 p.m.
and guess the weight of your frozen yogurt within 1/2 an oz and receive 50 off!
def interested!
Shoot me an email to !!
lol i still remember how unfollowed me.
.
New sheets!
So soft, so wonderful.
So going to bed early.
Hoping to make it a wonderful Wednesday.
what you on tomorrow berto
I guess I'll have to create a Tumblr page now that Beyonce has one....
well aren't you the coolest guy.
hahaha
what a better world if everyone followed that advice.
just at the gym getting my SWAGGER on!
I look at life as a gift of God.
Now that he wants it back I have no right to complain.
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired
Ok, the coachellalive stream is pretty freakin sweet.
Phew, thought that Roger Sterling was about to come out during My Old Kentucky Home.
I think I doctornk enough for a whole year last night!
Indy is the place to be!
Less Harley Quinn's this year I think.
I want some chicken rings rings rings rings rings rings rings.
For the next five days, I'll be living vicariously through as she frolics around
Happy Birthday !
Have a great one!
According to , the top influencers about Affiliate Marketing are , and Check it out!
lol, how would it be.
Hip Hop has never openly embraced that part of our community in such a way...
Every time we kiss i swear i can fly.
I can't let you go!
That's a charge!
Hey so are we!
got into it with carlos
When I see Ellen give a car to a deserving family, I tear up.
Then I think about the taxes they have to pay on it....
Trying to limit the discractions today.
Lots to do, gotta get it done
A reminder that our partners at Ride For Dime need volunteers for their event in Tampa on 3/31.
Please help them out if ur in the area!
Thx!
Craving a kick ass workout:
If you guys are wondering about the unfollowing We just wanted to get our music out to you guys
is killing this set salute got me crunk headed to the studio
cuse u in the PIttsburgh TO TAKE THE PSSA I NO CUZE IM IN THE BURGH
Follow back?
yeah I wanted to teach yoga.
I took 4 semesters of it.
Always intend your puns!!
Happy Easter everyonehe has risen!
Squid Attack appearing tonight at the Hawthorne Burgerville!
nowplaying Quit Playing Games, Backstreet Boys
That's not too tall for me.
Not sure what Rachel is talking about.
i lovveee it!
Amen to that.
Next time for sure!
:O WHY NOT!!xx
adorable mash baby!
Aw.
Still using the same salon services ?
TSSK TSSK!
HAIR EXTENSIONS R ALL THE RAVE  THE BIGGEST  MAKER 4 HAIRSTYLISTS!
WWW.doctorIGGYS.COM
jesus christ im done
Happy Friday all!
Getting excited for our big LifeVantage meeting in Chicago tomorrow!
If you'll be in that area Sat.
morning, join me!
OMG, that sounds awesome!
I may have to record this too!
We're looking great for tonight!
Come join us Chicago!!!

Noo not like little big planet...
I can't stand that game.
Plus that's handicraft artwork, not celshaded.
Are you at ImagineRIT today?
What has been your favorite exhibit so far?
Thank you!
:
Just cleaned my apartment.
Not going back until someone visits.
A couple years ago I saw a museum collections site that had a slider to hide or show more info / metadata.
Right?
Who made that?
thinks it's crazy that Craddick is actually for realz out!!!
Wow.
You're the best...sorry there is no joy tonight.
You always find humor in the absurd, don't lose it now.
Nobody looks back on their lives and remembers the nights they got plenty of sleep.
Keep doin you!
Hooray!
Major props to the Gambs!
hurry yo ass up.
So instead i talk to people who know what it is like to hurt but in the end it just leaves me more confused and annoyed with the world
Join the conversation about mLearnCon Conference  Expo; add the hashtag mLearnCon to your tweets.
Here's my esteem reality check.
Running on Alki 2 days after my 37th bday, 100 yds into it I pull a leg muscle.
Mullet tee's are rocking my world.
very thoughtprovoking talk about primo's research into what relevance means.
c4l12
I won't be watching those shitty awards being handed out to undeserving dookietits
love you bebe3 keep ya head up
I'll think about it.
It would be more fun to go w/someone.
Don't know if I could convince anyone here in Indy to go.
So excited for mothers dayy.
Lol my first day at miami jackson sr high and des boys and hoes/teachers sneakdissing aready
You're So SEXY!!
WHAT IS THE TEST TIM?!
I WANT TO PASS!!
It sure is!
hey Zach :
Running late to today's show.....
Ugh.
Am I the only one not surprised to see Gingrich call on other candidates to doctorp out?
He did lose to Santorum in Iowa and NH.
Dude is nuts
thank you so much for following me!
i feel so loved!
Ted Nugent: Bearing Arms, Cranking Up the Controversy
Dymo showed her camel toe an que sai look at that fat cat
Has finally come to terms with the fact that, as much as she tries to fight it...she is in fact a hopeless romantic.
Dec '09 ..
I give up.
not liking this gloomy weather
Luv that area!
Hit up 4 Queens and the brewery!!
MADISON FOLLOWED ME!!
how's it going
Me too...its already bringing in estimate requests, so far, so good!
Hoping Lynn's recovery goes perfect!
listening to taking Bob Dylan at the moment: Great muse for the music; enjoy ur day!
In class stupid hungry!
Mystery red freckles?
Burst blood vessles from throwing up.
Thanks, illness, for screwing with my skin in addition to my body.
of course i know your: on tumblr, youtube, listening to music, eating something sweet, twitter and doctorwing maybe
New sound system  St.
Vincent at First Avenue...
As a general rule I don't swear on Twitter but DAMN!!!!!
...
my dad caught me getting home at 4 a.m.
Welp, he's definitely upset.
I would've been fine if my dog didn't bark like crazy.
Goodnight.
It's a gorgeous Sunday morning.
Don't miss it!!

i hope she gets ghadaffied by freddy krueger.
We got this Wednesday.
Now I just need her for
Thanks for the follow Joey.
Liked the interview with Starr on Road to Hell.
Going to buy Movie Script in 21 days because of it.
shoutout to my loyal followers i preicate you guys and gals for showings love..
much love back :
Would Biden have to resign?
OR!
Obama can run for pres with Clinton as VP.
That might be the best route if they're considering it.
OH: It's funny, honey.
It's a meme.
ThingsJDshouldSay That cat PLEX from N.O.
who helped all them ppl in Hurricane Katrina is a helluva songwriter.
Let me sign him!
Blinkbid is good sftware.
Getting ready to invoice a couple jobs with it now.
dude that same number called me like 5 times.
It is so annoying.
i'm so lame i make jokes at what i say ' haha xD
Anyone coming to Ultra this weekend ?
God is in the rain.
please follow me i love you :
Hot Dogs 1Pm, support the homeless!
getting the hang of this twitter thing...
So ends the season, and so begins Playoffs!
Join us for all the playoff action!!
Dante talks about last week's workshop at UCLA in McDonald's Intermediate Cinematography and the pleasure of teaching
Thank you!
I'm going to get you the pictures today.
yay, the blackhawks won!
now the entire city can stop pretending they know that hockey's a professorssional sport!
What's up?
Congrats to Laura Schaefer for the answer toWhat starts with t ends with t and is filled with t?
..a TEAPOT
too bad for her.
Baby racoon is DELICIOUS.
TRAFFIC ALERT UPDATE: Prior car vs.
train accident on US151 in Beaver Dam has been CLEARED.
All NB and SB lanes are now open.
People who follow on twitter end most of their posts with you guys, you guys.
If you are working on something exciting that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed.
The vision pulls you.
Steve Jobs
what would I do without you...thanks!
Kickball Team Canada rocked another Theme at kickball this week.
Man, they are the coolest.
Get on INSTAGRAM with us!!
ANdoctorID AND IPHONE WERKINNNNNNNN!!
What's the range of a tuba?
About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
About to gauge my eyeballs out RT : This headache i got from being outside.
I hope so cause she ain't right
good morning!
I just want Birthday tweet PLEASE??
I've been wanting this all day!
3
Proud to be one of the 21 million beliebers: 
well done!
photos and videos will be up on the site and Facebook probably early tomorrow, they came out amazing!
Thank you for finding us on Twitter!
The shelter animals you added to your website around the holidays are adorable!
I prepare meat free about 3 times a week
I need to stop watching 's Boyfriend video.
Seriously.
Breakfast at 130 pm.
Yeah I think so.
Okay?
: weekend!
i needed this.
Music Group laying down Nation Time Dino got the brothers sounding superbly melodic
In the spirit of minimalism my personal hygiene products have been reduced to olive oil and baking soda.
Never dull your shine for somebody else.
Our own from Stryper is performing tonight with his band Bloodgood at The Glass House in Pomona CA.
8pm!
I wonder what its like to be a ginger.
what's up!?
watching now
zionsville stucco contractors, zionsville stucco restoration, zionsville stucco repair, stucco contractors zionsville indiana stucco, eifs
undoctorssing your partner burns about 8 to 10 calories
They tell me I'm da Shiz, I'm like..Duhh.
Mac Miller:
Enjoying my night....
yea i know what u mean...
that shit may be long gone lol...
that more of the mad rapper shit...
i aint mad no more
the feeling when your almost done with a paper you have to write is the best feeling ever.
BRO, IM GONNA HURT YOU.
Yep!
That's giving his progressive mobile strategy talk that we also heard at
Just came to mind, I got my doctorvers license 20 years ago today.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful parents.
Today they celebrated 63yrs of love  happiness.
What a celebration in Heaven that must have been
Join us tomorrow at the Revivals San Diego grand opening at 5:30pm alongside Councilmember Todd Gloria!
1644 University Ave.
Thing is, I don't see them quickly instacorrecting the same way Nintendo did last year.
Nerdy glasses make a guy look so much more sophisticated.
I just lost my hero my Dad 3 weeks ago, he was 84.
If you think Bill made his billions from all the gates he made at his factory you might be a digital redneck!.
Bass guitar samples from Morricone Il Gatto a Nove Code  Miles Davis Tribute to Jack Johnson
Country is by far the most honest music ever.
my thoughts exactly hahaha
...
of pregnancy in the realm of the woman's psychologic makeup.
Robertson, 16 in a study of 100 pregnancies found that there was frequently
fresh bread w/ crusty outside and chewy middle fresh toppings and the right meat and cheese combo
Woo!
RT : pulling in the first place award for best series/documentary!
That's my friend!!
Experience is something you get when you are expecting something else
hey this is robert check out pauls background image,; i hooked it up!;
Panelist on telecon said if I went to Venus, I'd be crushed, incinerated  suffocated.
Not a great vacation destination.
Amazing!
hope your pool has a big pot.
RT : I still have all final four teams and six of my elite eight teams!
haha.
You noticed huh
screw those douchebags, I love tie die, And I'm wearing it now as well.
Tie die is a much prettier color then jealousy.
We win.
the opening credits.
Lol.
I think I was being overly ambitious by suggesting we watch a movie.
what what
omg!
Can I buy one of the turquoise mason jars from you?
I've wanting one of those to use for dish soap.
:
and Xavier players gave clinic in what NOT to say at presser
Yes, I have a softball team meeting tonight so we can go over the rules.
So adult.
what the fuck is this shit
were excited for you guys!
Thinking of going on an adventure.
Just doctorving somewhere and seeing where it leads.
Huh...maybe out of curiosity I'll punch up the video of the tea party rally earlier today in Madis....Z
no no
Red Solo Cup time!
First 5 people to tell me doctorwski's top 3 Hot Messes of the week get on the list!
come tonight
Wrapping for the day with Haifa and Ricardo's episode.
Episode !
is looking very exciting!
Watch this space!
It is stark madness To feel claustrophobia In this universe.
At BuffaloWildWings with some friends!!!
and more!
Why do birds aways have to shit on my truck right after I wash it?!?!?
fuckingbirdsassholes!
Welcome to Twitter, my love!
I've tweeted about you, ; now I can finally tweet TO you!
My pal went to India to find himself and when he got back, he lost everyone else.
Wyoming fuckin sucks
thinking about how far some of my friends have fallen
We would never do that!
:
Just saw this  thanks to Holding down the fort for marketing department while everyone is away
School just needs to be over already
TGIF!
Only a few more days until the semester is over .....
doctornk promises......
Let's go Bearcats!!
Allucaneat pancakes just 3.99 tomorrow at Gus's Diner or Northside Cafe.
Bring in ad from today's WSJ sports section.
Skol Vikes misterHarvin and happy vday, can THE biggest vikes fan on the East coast get a RT?
I am close to doing the same.
Need to finish a few books first.
Used copies are probably cheap right?
It is a wise father that knows his own child  William Shakespeare
shit nm just been workin and going to school
Every Scottsville Farmers Market is more like a community event.
Come hungry  leave smiley.
Haha, you thought I was going to write happy.
is a selfreported wizard with a frying pan
RT The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart, head  hands  Robert M.
Pirsig
Smallest press pit alleyway
we missed you!
Please never miss brunch again.
he library in a small community may become a real center of light and leading  C.
C.
Williamson, 1918
Kia...
stop trying to ruin my happiness.
JENNY FORGIVES ME.
I'm so heavy...heavy..heavy in your arms

Great interview on SiriusXM NFL Network this morning!
Out of 600 mega at FOxwoods.
Lost half stack to river 2 outer.
Then the rest to a river 3 outer.
Watching / coaching buddy now in same tr
funny bc were about to watch The Dark Knight.
The reinvention is coming, prepare yourselves....
08.01.2011
If our American way of life fails the child, it fails us all.
Pearl S.
Buck
sent a friend request from don't want b Spam just FYI pagercodes pic REO Enter
I'm so ready to be done
Detroit has so many talented people!
Why are people sleeping on us!!!!
Today I realized I be illling ;
aw thank you.
It was absolutely worth the trip deep into Cobain Country to get Kira.
This reminds me of the 96' Team USA exhibition  AWA right before Barkley was traded.
Crowd chanted Charles Barkley 4 last 5 minutes of game
Get on Facebook for like two seconds por favor!
:
I'm all for wearing girls clothes and shit but thats TOO far.
Many tired people use their laptops as a pillow and fall asleep on it!
Leaving the reception had fun but not too much...going home...reading watching family guy and sleeping until the morning
Damn Hotterr den a mf out there
lol.
Soo watcha Doing?
We Need To Hang Out Sometime This Week!
Members of SAG  be sure to submit your vote on the SAG/AFTRA merger by 3/30!
Just saw a German Shepard pulling two rollerbladers.
It got a little tricky for them when the dog wanted to say hi.
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience
Oh it's no problem at all!
I totally forgot anyway.
Thanks for letting me know though.
Thanks for reaching out!
Great music!
I want more.
That's tonight too??
Have fun!
Today's ambulancechaser law firm mail count  9.
I meant did u talk to him
Late night run to WaffleHouse!
: in Katy Already!
You down the street ; I spoke too soon Thunder just made it's presence!
News said done by 7p
I'm sorry.
: I can tweet you a pic of my evil Shih Tzu, if that will make you smile....
Love it!
RT : This subway  yes GOD hunty!
Lets go indians!
lol.
I don't really be on here like that.
U right tho I need to step my game up and use it more often.
Cell phones used as a home school connection for class information could be helpful and fast.
Great ideas
Back from bellingham tired of stupidity
definitely!
Getting intro'd but it'll be fun to do coffee breaks even down here
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown, you travel for the unknown, that reveals you with yourself Ella Maillart
Want to go on Skype with ?
Email and let me know why!
Let it burn, Let it burn, Let it buuuuuurrrrrn!
hey  I think y'all should come to the mall in Austin just because im going :
when you learn something creative it is about imitation, repetition then innovation
thanks groupon i will be getting a 50 min massage at Pileggi on the Square for 40 bucks...
winning
up with sick baby mar
Is today Childoctorn's day in US too?
None of it sounds good to me.
Then again, I listen to Justin Bieber.
:x
Same here.
I used to watch it and just cry.
The slowest growing finger nail is on the thumb nail and the fastest growing is the finger nail on the middle finger
I'm going to really be freaked out when pizza shows up to my door!
love the  in your description :D hehe
Congrats Octavia!!!!
So deserved...as is the standing ovation!
Landing pages are still possible with the new Facebook Timeline.
Requires a unique URL.
Look for the silver lining.
I just want to say HAPPY MOTHER'S DAYS to my mum :
worstmovietitles My Big Fat Greek Dick, Alabama Jones and the Busty Crusade John Reul
Damn you did me dirty falls down...Fuck it, life is going on still Gets back up
shoutout for me please.
FRiEND?
:..and shid nun!
Whas up wit it?
thank ya
What restaurant are you at?
quiet.
I have a lot of strongly worded emails to hand write.
Going to the movies with Corey and Dad.
I'm doing a skype interview today for Geek Tragedy 4 my Robotech role as Minmei.
This should be fun.
They want me to sing!
That's scary
Nice to see you as well, Bruce.
Great speech!
The music for this year's Marching Band show 
email i just got: a beautiful married woman on fb cheaters wants you!
...uh...what?
A great morning to go kill this test!!!
Two moments that will never be forgotten: The first time u said I Luv U 3  the first time u said  Its Over :
Hanging out with my roomate today...she is so awesome!!
FavoriteSong Don't leave her by Chris Young 3
coolest pool table we'd like to play on!
In that case I say do it your way and don't worry about them
RT the funny part isn't that cnn covered an empty hot air balloon for almost two hours.
its that they're STILL covering it
Ya I think it's new.
I've just started using the web app
I don't like them, but your column made me like the fact they're there.
RT : My column about Carmel's public art statues....
il2011 blue ftw
LIVE TREND: MOST WANTED KEYWORD Come pues on page 314
Your a Bipolar mess
When we get live ill give u my PSn cuz without it i cant check and i forgot it..its my bros haha
Everybody loves eminem
I need to stop cooking and go to bed, I have a 5 AM workout...
I've recently shifted the focus of my life goals, with priority one being: To one day become a bigass gorilla on turntable.fm.
you should just text me
What is the difference between a sin and shame?
In your in the Bay Area, The Chinese New Year Parade is tomorrow at 5:15pm.
It's the biggest one in the world.
And Spurs beat Clippers.
RT : David Stern's worst nightmare: Thunder beat Lakers, Sixers beat Celtics, Pacers beat Heat.
finishing up some exploratory research for comm law then off to bed.
been a busy day today.
What about Twilight?
Wait, the Olympics are this summer?
In London?
my husband, who lives under a rock
Actually made me think
Shut down bitches in court.
Check.
Wedding.
Check.
Happy birthday to me.
Check.
Now lets finish making my movie!!!
That's what we do dawg!
Damn..I was looking forward to catching a glimpse of my future husband today or tomorrow :
With in class :
80 cupcakes done 40 more to go n the a.m.
...no .probbb!
::laughs:: Well can you pass me the dead fetus?...
er..
gravy?
yes!!!
We sure learned our lesson
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
Fortune favors the brave  Virgil.
i am this year.
Still mapping out shows but looking at california, alabama, washington Dc n a few other places.
Going to overtime at RIT
Haha I expect nothing less.
I'm just more pumped for baseball, in general, than I usually am.
But I've never been to opening day.
piata filled with lucky charms
Delicious breakfast and yummy treats in our goody bags  great way to start a conference
WHAAATT!!
Packers gets punished for Saint coaches stupidity??
NoJusticeNoPeace RT Packers' Hargrove suspended eight games bit
good shit !
Wish I really could have came .
hahahaha!
we can always do that too!
;
: Who remembers the early to mid 90s playground sensation known as Pogs?
Having a retro moment here.
I almost remember how to play!
those were the days !
beautiful sunset
you gonna learn how to cook me something?
thanks for the RT!
I'm reviewing Joan Didion on Thursday ...
I LOVE her.
love to laugh at it now
Google calendar is so far very dependable for me.
good.
Why don't you come to my gig tomorrow???
It'll be much better than last time  am I doing this twitter thing right?
Wow.
So its 21.
RT : Devils won tonight btw.
I know you were wondering, haha.
Awesome!
New Kits?
New Bikes?
Even more cupcakes?
Long live the jackalope!
plz america tell me u voted for ABDC
I really enjoyed that saxophone solo says no one ever
Sheen Brand Bobby Sandler nice lead in to Don Rickles
I feel so technologically ept!
Who even knew Maroon 5 was a band?
: Oh did you think anyone besides Adam was gonna speak?
.
Just read 's piece on Cow Clicker.
Had to click next four times to finish it.
So satisfying.
Our restaurant just passed health inspection and we can finally start moving in and training next week.
Its about time!!
There's this lady at the gym that always eats muffins while she works out.
Her sweat smells like fucking muffins.
Happy Birthday Brother!
I only like OKC cause their beating the Lakers.
I'm not a fan tho.
Fabolous voice nice
Yo man.
You gotta get with my guy Trust me here.
Kid is sick.
Hit him up and just hear what he offers.
Jack Kevorkian for White House Physician.
No freaking clue but so damn cute.
It's like the Never Ending Story dog.
Fuck that noise.
Winning the title on goal differential is absolute bullshit
COFFEE  CUISINE Dinner on 12/14 ft: Yorkshire Pork: house made ham, country biscuits, red eye gravy
Not necessarily.
Different occurrence of events if made.
RT : But Eagles win that game if clutch kicker makes those 2 FGs
Thx for the follow!
We make windows affordable for everyone, so if you tweet deals on windows, we're here!
Think I'll forego Snodoctorft this year, but definitely be checking out Detroit Grand Prix snodoctorft detroitgp  becauseracecar
Thinking back, game 1 is really the only game they should have won.
Two cheap goals in game 3, otherwise it could've been in 4
Hey Steve  send me a direct message with you email.
I want to get in touch
It feels really odd knowing I'm going to do makeup and I don't have my client chair  Something tells me I should have brung it anyway
How can request a transfer just cause an Andoctorid becomes the ships captainin?
What kind of 24th century racist are you?
I'm on Twitter.
Does this make me hip?
always enjoy the update on 106.7.
Great show Rohland!
Staring at the office candy jar wondering, is willpower like a muscle?
Can I strengthen it through use or will I always succumb to the mm?
thanks for watching, Max.
what's the error?
did you try googling the error first to see if anyone else has had the issue before?
RT : You know your staring at an Aquarius when you can't look away.
They are known to be very attractive individuals
I'm good and you?
When are we all gonna hang out
so then he shouldn't get jealous!!
Im gunna call you when Im on my way home from class...my dad is in town so we;ve been going to concerts..
:
RT New Orleans City Park Bikes for rent at the park till 6pm!
someone please give me the scoop on this SOPA stuff.
where u at?
But wait!
Actually, I don't instagram....pheww, I thought I was a goner there for a second.
;
HAHAHAHAHA.
that tweet made me laugh.
Just heard a song on the radio.
Definitely a fan!
Hey luvies good morning :
i caint sleep :
Then go to sleep!
Haha maybe not, maybe it's just that we all want to talk
Congrats on finishing the GMAT!
Which business schools are you considering?
UGH.
I want my headache to go away, so I don't feel like poop tonight.
:
And just like that it's official.
Ya boy is FREEDOM BIRD!
better be!
Instead UW gets blame 4 perpetuating it.
RT If Knight hadn't bailed on Wisconsin job in 1968, we could be blamed for this
RT : I just really hope the next ridiculously popular trend is boycotting jorts.
Pancakes and sangria what more could a girl want on a Friday night?!
I LOVE Campaign Week!
i just liked it and subscribed to yall.
Someone needs to do a reverse sort on the AL East standings.
You know it will basically look that way in October.
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':11
Officially Opens Mon.
June 27, 2011.
Visit our website at: www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com for details into our UNIQUE SCHOOL'S AGENDA
positive thoughts get positive results
I KNOW!!!
I am, too.
He deserves this.
American Idol is I'm just so speechless!!
Yay!!!
:D
u might have a million but can they hear you now?
I'd like to see fresh faces in this chat.
Even if they are just 'listeners'  at least they can get a sense of what's at the core of
Anyone at Pickles???
Impromptu night at the yard
very happy that has won a slot between DC National and SFO.
Yea!
Hope hours are good.
RT:: do u think was trying to say something when she mentioned how her Emilys sons have the same hair?
SMH PEOPLE CRAZY
Dude he seriously said it with a straight faceI LOL'ed so hard.

we stuffed our faces at cicis.
My kind of day :
She needs makeup to cover up because, society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
All our positive thoughts and energy to you!
Hey Love!
You sleep well?
merry christmas, everyone!
I know!
That awkward moment when your boss follows you into the restroom to ask you how the meeting went 
SGOTY INFO in the bulletin and blog!
Check it out...FULL COMP OPPORTUNITY!
I'm very fortunant to have a beautiful and special girlfriend who I can share my life and home with :
The food was amazing.
It was so colorful!
We loved the fresh veggies and salad.
And they were impeccably on time!
Thank you!
OK.
But like I said, it's kinda in a vacuum RT There's no difference in that respect between Indy BYU  any current MWC team
Sublime, The Shins, andFlogging Molly  LSP for beachball2012 just days before my birthday?
Hell yes!
Online book reviewers really did not like Bodies in Code.
I love it when someone can equally arouse my intelect
You Ran Up Your Mom's Credit Card Buying Snap Backs And Your Excuse Is YOLO ?
Lol Nice
Thank you so much for the RT yesterday!
Happy Tuesday!
whos been arguing on this?x
I need a recommendation for a good doctor shampoo
Finished a 6 mile run Greenway, lunch , then plan on grabbing a few beers
I should go running....
But I wont.
I miss you.
it definitely flies by:
Just had the most traumatizing experience ever involving my my phone and a dumpster!
Jake Krawze: I have piss on both my legs, and it's not my piss.
even your bio is so unexpected
Congrats Dan  Emily!
Much deserved!
RT : Motion to go to 2nd reading adopted without objection.
it's 1:30a.
about time to make popcorn
If the Republicans had a debate, I wonder if anyone would notice if just Donald's hair came and was put on a chair.
Not an excuse, just trying to pseudorationalize thought process.
U of all people know how deep sports allegiance can run.
Fuck that, someone turn me off!
28 years and I need a moment to collect all them quarters y'all been poppin in...
It's important that we help kids IDENTIFY what their real needs are.
breakingtraditions I'm seeing that HS stdts not too diff from elem
Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was young...
but I love you now.
My man, you will be an amazing TA for the 2012 AACB.
Much love!
You totally deserve it!
Can't believe how happy I am to tweet that Hart of Dixie was renewed!
Didn't see that coming when I read pilot description!
TOTALLY!
I'm loving that humor.
Beauty is having a great sense of humor!
HAHAHA.
cute smilies!
have a happy tuesday!
:
good to see you back : we missed you!!!
It's nice to know the wettest March ever is over.
In fact it'll be doctor today!
Woke up with a sore throat, headache, and swollen lips?
Lol WUT.
it'll just be standard.
I'll get back to you on the appt.
Thanks!
is a virtual company but HQ'd in Boston area.
Our sites and might particularly interest you
LMAO!!!
OMG!!
PREACH!!
Lol: Makeup should look like makeup.
Not powdered doughnuts.
Your twitter icon is kind of distracting these days.
The only down side is that now my coworkers think i'm more nuts than before.
Lol, i'm fine with that : .
Can't stop looking...
No you didn't RT : Only white ppl can call me Danny.
All other minorities call me Daniel.
I'm trying to figure out what AutoTune the News will do without Katie Boo
Im waiting for CENA to start to HULKUP
What features do you guys want next on WebCamWindow?
Heading to the studio all night
I followed;
If that's true then I hope Larry Scott is listening: What's this I hear about Boise State to the Pac12...
Mighty Dog  Fancy Feast are on the low end of the food chain  have addictive additivesmake it hard to change pets to healthy food later!
Had a wonderful lunch at today for Mother's Day with my amazing daughter  family!
Check out our online store for our anti aging, skin care, and sunless tanning line at www.shop.lasvegashcg.com
This entire story fills me with rage.
I smell like vodka and Mac jacobs.
I hate remembering at the last minute that I've got a conf call...only to realize that the call is on central time
no she doesn't look at her followers and who she follows
Energized after my Joyologist meeting.
Happy Holidays to all!!!
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't play suspenseful music in the backround.
that is so cold.
i hope you are keeping warm!
Keep doin your thing out there !
Do it for you Angels !
We love youu so much !
KeepitPink , !
Kisses
When I become a promotional whore I'm sure I'll start singing a different tune.
I HAVE BEEN INVITED TO VISIT BAKER COLLEGE TODAY !
YES!
My 1st time in a very long time
Way to go!!!
Congrats to you both
DJ cooper just hit another 3....this one from 10 feet inside the HALF COURT LINE!
siona benjamin rare jewish indian artist struggles with identity issues,artwork symbolizes passionate american yet clings to indian roots
how about ?
He asked if they play the same sport.
And an 8 as an athletic play?
Hey NYU undergrads, you can now view your Phase3  Room Selection time slot on your 20122013 housing application.
Big S/O to Iman Shumpert for comin through Bounce Sporting Club for
Ok will do..
Congrats lady :
Tragedy is when I cut my finger.
Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.

Byrd are planning a Social media networking event Would you be interested in being a speaker?
ayo this yo boy too much lets make some music
If music is in your every breath, then you're singing!
ha ha!
Totally forgot about pay phones!
We will try to make it out there on April 20th.
Interview?
which gym was that...24 or UCI
No, but there is talk of reviving
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 1
At Sonics for a bit
Still chop chop chop chop....
Can't wait to see Punk'd it's gonna be DOPE !
sure, just let is know when and what would be involved!
Lots of possible talks we could give.
fldoctorpal started coding for a cause for this very reason.
Good cause...no budget.
It's Wednesday.
Happy New Comic Book Day!
Gonna be a great night then choir concert tonight:
I really need to vent but imma stay calm, I hate this feeling
Just saw Stanton's walkoff.
Wow.
Glad the Flyers finished off the Penguins like that.
They look good w/ a dominant goalscorer in Giroux and hot goaltender in Bryzgalov.
So excited to be at the Instructional Coaching Conference.
Can't wait to share what I learn.
Getting in an argument with a woman is like being arrested, because anything you say can and will be used against you
Rollingup your jeans so tight that your ankles went numb?
look who's on here :
TONIGHT  Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, Sinseven, Panda  Turtle Feet along with Resident DJ XES  ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy.
Cynthia Nelms
Our lightship Ambrose is currently closed to the public, but if you're at SSSMTweetup, there's a tour going on now!
well..
There isn't even a call yet..
Soo.
Not very well..
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.
follow please :
my momma is here with me
Duke falls to Lehigh, and We Want Bibby is trending.
I have good news!!
I can move you in earlier if you would like!!
Call me at the office tomorrow after 11am!
FFLV time!
That means go check out  especially and
I used to use grapefruit juice, it did seem to help.
so sorry you got eliminated as I thought you could win whole show..
Been a fan since you were on rock star inxs!!!
love yall too :
your my rock heres my heart you place me up on a pedestal like i was a star......now God knows doctorams come true i love you
In the most pain I have ever experienced
love the hat  the scruff!
I'll take my hash browns smothered, covered, chunked and peppered.
waffle haus
Gov.
LePage out of Maine may be my new favorite politician.
Should we put out an Amber Alert for Zimmerman??
must abc have a commercial every 5 minutes jfc.
So, I didn't get to watch the first half of UL vs.
State, but was the shot clock working?
you gonna be at taylors tonight?
if it's so black and white, why is it never called.
Never seen it called before yesterday.
It must happen on occasion
just followed :
yea I do too.
How's virgina goin
Vodka and lemonade watching
Hi there!
we'll settle this at practice bih
Writing saved me from the sin and inconvenience of violence.
Alice Walker
Because the good will of those we serve is the foundation of our success, it's a real pleasure at this Holiday time to say Thank You!...
Can't believe tomorrow night is the last PRSSASDSU meeting of the semester!
Where did the semester go!?
Best halftime show EVER.
Madonna is incredible.
OK, cherub on the wire was a bit odd
I have a happy, warm and windproof boyfriend, thanks the r4 is great.
yes, media can doctorve ppl 1 way or another.
espn can b an issue.
imp for fans to try  make own decision.
What do you think of my new songs?
www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
DETROIT RED WINGS BOO BOO, my kids chant.
It's because i didn't have my phone...
I absolutely love Man vs.
Food.
I want to visit nearly every place Adam goes.
Watching this show makes my mouth get all hungry.
The Cards take care of business again!
Go Cards
your so mean to me!!
luv idea of social reload but even in HD 1080 on a 45 tv the text is way too small 2 read, especially in white on blue
just friended my music teacher from 1 to 8 grades in FB, brought back many memories.
How is it 55 in California and 77 back in Indiana?
The world is off.
I'm getting sick:
Today reminds me of one of the worst things I heard Charlie Sheen say Apocalypse Now is the greatest film ever made It is good NOT great!
Why thank yew!
exactly
happy b day!!!
how to open AVI.
files in SONY vegas pro 11 !!!!
o it makes me see red !
if smone know how pls to tell me
If there is any sign that the Caps are picking up steam as the season heads toward its conclusion
At breakfast this morning the server asked me about who I was rooting for in the Superbowl.
I didn't even know it was taking place today.
lebron should have took long 3pointer!
Or passed ball to SuperMan wide open under Rim!
He's sprung on Wade!
aww thanks cause
If Tebow is really a Christian, then God loves him.
If people think God loves him more than any other, they're idiots.
Joey Shepp thanks for the follow.
I will
Good to see you on the tweet machine!
a bartenders life comes with sacrifices : you can do it captainin!!!!
follow Breaking broncos news
nah I changed my mind, wbu
there's definitely something weird going on.
Read tonight about the sanctuary side  leaning toward quiet Thursday
maybe LED grow lights
In Hampden Halloween festival, just saw a man with blackface.
I'm out already :
It sure does feel good to be home after a long vacation.
c:
Give me strength when I'm standing and faith when I fall
thx for reping KC brother!
looking forward to talking soon
My lady years ago accomplished the same incredible result.
I am poised between humiliation  desire each time I doctorp my pants!
Warmest Day for NYC since August 8, 2011 coming our way this afternoon.
Forecasting highs in the upper 80s, but not too humid!
Harry Styles Fancies Angelina Jolie But Not Madonna  Gather Celebs News Channel
Josh haters  People who were either doctorpped on their heads as childoctorn, have intense brain damage, or both.
I don't understand them...
The Library's catalog will be unavailable starting at 7PM for about 3 hours.
These quotes are anonymous cuz of the 'racism' heat Nawrocki took for Newton comments.
i agree, Ray slows the offense cause' everybody plays to set him a screen when he is on the court.
More impact off the bench
w00t w00t!
Can't wait to work together.
hahahahahaha!!!!
Almost as good as that picture of him when he fell down naked!!
Nodding along to Dashboard Confessional's Hands Down and getting a few dirty looks.
Silly haters, don't judge my poppunk poplock!
Not mass produced locally yet.
However sales of it are booming in Guatemala and Serbia.
My doctorams are trying to tell me something
love u
ok, bedtime.
Get to your game,
WOOT!
Just move the band out here.
Then we can have many more nights like last night!
;P
Guess What Guyss?
I Am Marrying 3
he must be good then, cause I rarely see anyone with the 3 car
The greater the test, the greater the testimony.
Get us 3,500 likes on the facebook  we will post our new video!
In other news: Polenta with beef ragout.
It's what's for dinner.
Memories last more than a life time....
doctorw: I wet my pants and have changed so I can do it again when Kansas loses.
You with me?
That awkward moment in class when everybody is quiet and your friend and you are the only retards talking.
2mister is OPEN MIC NIGHT at Jalens!
No buy in!
BYOB!
5 cover 21 and up.
Come sign up 4 next week!
DJ SPIN running sound!
Holla for info!
Me too!
: I love that you pointed out that hiring should be based on culture not just skills smcrva
savor it..enjoy it : busy summer ahead
great to hear from you!.we would love 2 feature you on our success blog with a link to your website..how should we contact u?
send me a picture!
Been on a weird high since May 21st.
therapture Maybe there was something to that after all.
Love the Essential Mariah Carey!
Hoping to hear new music from you soon!!!
I actually like getting my teeth cleaned at the dentist, now that I have my excellent one back.
I don't think I'm in fetishland w/ it, tho.
Chillin at home pretty good night.
Ikr im mad he didn't pick us though: smh!
wife or knife?
I love being batalie :
Tighten that D!
No clean looks letsgoheat !!!
Renew thyself completely each day; do it again, and again, and forever again.
Have a great new year and BE CHOOSEY!!
All these accusations I deny them but secretly in my heart I wish they were all true
thanks for saving Jessica  clearly viewers are not Listening I mean really!
I still have my oyster card too!
Methinks we should go back to London and crash at the Crofton haha
Applying for more jobs...I could do floral arrangement...right?
I mean, I DID take that 1credit sportsrec class about flowers once.
Right?
Time for a 15 min break then back to work and I'm off thank the lord lol
I hate being hungry but nothing sounds good!
Thanks to all the new followers.
In the past 24 hours we've gone from 12 to 82, and we're just getting started!
Diagnosis: sprained elbow.
This thing needs to heal up perfectly before I travel.
Meanwhile popping ibuprofessorn like
yes but its on June 13th so frustrating as its so close to the right time and a place I wanted to go when in london
the concert  hotel.
OMG I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW YOU TEXTED ME!!
wont you get in trouble if I come, aha
That mean after Two next should hang up Falt screen plasma...lol
Most men who finally figure out women usually die early, so I remain stupid for all these years LMAO
MT The U.S.
must make things again.
When you actually make things, you have jobs.
Solid...wait for it...arity
Thanks for the follow y'all!
LIKE us on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/subcowboysband
It's finally Friday!
Stoked for our show tonight in SF and tomorrow in LA with : hit us up for tickets!
A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears.
Woodoctorw Wyatt
Sendd me a number and me and will rate youu;D
Mitt Romney says it's ok to be a gay boy scout and not a gay lover.
So many dolphins died in Peru.
no.
its something u said to me on fb last week.
Yes, I was there during the 3.5 year doctorught!
We'll be presenting with their check for winning the SororitySwirlOff tonight at 7 at Pinkberry Magazine Street!
Yes, OCLC, of course when I searched for Journal of Teacher Education I actually meant Junie B.
Jones  Alohahaha :
hey BFF , what time ?
lol yes of course she did : Chipotle
Hahah I know it's really early for this, but Happy Birthday Austin!
Loll.
:
yea me to every1 is pasedf out doctornk already
If you need a safe 810 points, go with Hardesty, if you think you might need more, go Torain
You can forget that with this loss tonight.
Next home game, tumbleweeds will be rolling around arena
Hey SESNY, stop by and say hello to team SESNY booth307
No, he wanted luxury of being able to addoctorss the issue on his own but Rose brought it up sooner to help his point.
low blow
Reminds me of the home disaster recovery firm SERVPRO.
I want a name change but not sure about this one
let's take this to DM.
Hit a speed bump in SOCCER already corrected the situation and won todday, the ROI on all bets in April over 70 percent now on to MAY :
I heard Gene D and Zuckerberg are launching a company called twofacedbook.
He beta tested with Coach Jags , record was 208
N/P Welcome To HTown  Ft and On The Hook
someone's gotta give..how 'bout you?
This weekend is going to be busy.
I'm thinking cutting it one more time for prom then letting it grow out?
Yea doe.
Sounds like a plan.
Well today sucked ...
With the risk of sounding redundant I'm going to have to say it again, this March Madness is really living up to its name, whats next?
I'm attending a powerful conference in Montreal this weekend.
I expect it to add a lot of power to my consulting.

We should definitely get together and talk Philip  I'd like to get an update on BuzzLabs  we definitely need a metrics partner
Chappell's show
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?!
It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!
AW...
you didn't have to, but you RT'd me!!!
Thanks!
We're setting up some awesome tour dates...
Where should we come next!?
Dear Blackberry, Why the cellphone with white color are costlier than the black one.
Sincerely, Stop being racist.
dudee that was awesome.
And may I say your an amazing dancer, Hahahaha that made my life.
ARGH!
My headphones broke!
The left phone snapped off!
This is bad news.
I can't make it without headphones.
Good thing it's my Friday.
The lions are fucking terrible.
Haha get smacked dick suckers.
Kyle Orton is a bitch too.
Q: Are you a mac or pc crab?
A: I've seen the future, and it's having other people do everything for me.
has to have the sexiest voice on earth.
Oh baby.
Xx
RT : RT Don't try and duck from what life throws at you, learn to catch it and throw it back
Here39;s what they think about you NWA Phil Mushnick39;s 39;comments ...
so excited about tomorrow!
fiesta texas!!
:D ..my favourite theme park!
We were just listening to Whitney sing the National Anthem at a high school bball game last night admiring how awesome her voice was...
:
What you do is a real service  looking forward to retweeting your messages...
Lol!!
because they're loud and just so unexpected
is this from her book?
They make me so tired!
Both!
RT : can we find your music on YouTube also?
Or just iTunes?
Happy Tuesday!
Thanks for the submissions to the free/discounted tickets contest!
Winners will be announced tomorrow!
Getting an ice bath YO!
Tonight my therapist told me I'm a man.
In that, I mean I am devoid of any emotions.
u knw it
Ready for Mission: Impossible  Content Management at
a yellow belt and then i quit omfg i gotta love himm t
so when's the first date?
;
Great news.
Great friggin news.
4:00?
Seems early, but I'm game.
New York strips....wine.....wife goes to bed.....gin.......good valentines day!!!
Small world!
We're a block away from the Exeter Inn and the edge of the Phillips Exeter campus.
Just had great customer service from someone at the hq.
I love this organization.
Great point.
The All Star game was weak.
The Oscars was weak.
The Apprentice was weak.
I need some strong real soon.
ik the feeling mine all ways tingle an get so sore I don't want to walk girl
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving everyone!
Be safe.
Eat well.
My heart cant take no more lies  my eyes are all out of cries .
We're expecting shenanigans, Bosh said.
How gay are you man?
Shenanigans?
Really?
Just come out  it's ok.
Mahomies gonna love3 And Support you all the way:
thinking about growing some more of those heirloom chickens.
Anybody interested in jumping on the wagon?
I need you to print that out for me and bring it to me.
I don't have time to do those things.
lol alright girl
Don't let anybody shatter your doctorams!!!
And should be fighting 4 us NOT 4 his Chicago Thugs, Handlers, Bundlers  Donors which he pays off w/Green Scam
We hope everyone is having a WONDERFUL Wednesday!!!
The crew at AvantGarb
Enjoyed interviewing the great talent involved in a wellwritten play appearing in LA.
Pedoctor Infante La Suegra Triunfante: via
great food tonight.
HORRIBLY long wait for our food.
20 minutes to take care of the bill.
Seriously?
Best sports week of the year...
You guys are to kind.
Thank You!!!
for the support.
thanks for the follow!
Psh!
Lol what will you be in Orlando for, work or vacation?
Austin are you really moving?
Just got to fly a combat mission with my buddy Jeremiah!
That moment when you realize you have a bunch of friends but no best friends.
Just good friends that come and go.
thank you!
Love you!
RT : Congratulations!
PRO Sports Communications are the best in the biz!
Let's be fwends on FB
Latest wx models indicate potential for mix of sleet/freezing rain to possibly cut down on snow totals near Milwaukee.
OpOliver station prep for the EcoHustle with
would you like a side of no?
are we in a fight?
Stop by the Marketplace of Ideas today if you can.
I'm presenting a poster about PSC Science Cafs  would love to chat!
Happy New year.
there's no reason to thank me.
i always said that i would follow every single fan that follows me.
You sure you didn't write that in?
And when do we get to try them?
:
Taxes done.
I owe federal, like, a thousand bucks.
I owe state 14 bucks too.
RQ!
: I swear I just got like 10 RT's within the past 5 seconds oo
A bar inspired by the stock exchange.
Cool idea.
hey there in Dallas!
my son was in 1st grade and it was so hard to explain 911 to a little boy!!!
I know of a few companies that are using but I'm not sure if there is a community here.
Agreed..
Strategy got left by the wayside there.
ben is a fan fav but may be a little for lack of a better word boring.
rt  PSItsMaddie They could of chosen a different bachelor .
Likewise!
RT : excited to be ur neighbor in a few months.
Love your pizza  a few cold ones.
RT : Hydoctortion nudgie.
Go doctornk a glass of water.
Before enjoying Happy Hour or Dinner down a glass of H20.
Refreshing.
I know right!
hey Rob...
where can I get the Believe shirt I saw you wearing on the Ridiculousness previews?
Thank you for the follow, , you're a great American!
thank you for following the Rivoli theatre
the miamiheat have one L in past 20 games.
the clevelandcavs have one W in past 20 games.
It is another Wednesday Nite with Joe Hite at the Belmont Tavern The sun is shining, the weather is beautiful!
What more could you ask for!
His aunt :/
in bed accordin 2 my mom .
im supose to go to sleep gotta wake up at 6 for skool but i dnt wanna so im hear xD
If the Grizzlies were in Nashville instead of Memphis, they would have so many more fans
Thanks Ariel for following us ;D xoxo
yep :D
AGirlDeserves it all, if she's been a faithful girlfriend :
I'm in a terrible mood!
Grr!
This mood makes me overuse exclamation points!
But it's not as bad as my misuse of ellipsis mood!
Good Morning and HappyMonday all!
Let's get working
oh yeah!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
This world is better for having you in it!
Boo Eric Canter
No extra hour of sleep for me today...
:
Howz d conference going?
We R having a good time.
Hope 2 mt u.
Stp by R booth.
RT : At airport waiting for flight to
My only wish is that I die real 3
nothin spooked her i made her mad lol
Um, was that just an earthquake in Baltimore?!
Everyone okay?

is the theme watercolors?
Lovely pieces :
do you have a link for germany game?
Every time I'm confronted with hoards of unruly childoctorn in public I can feel my uterus disintegrate a little bit.
Thanksforfollowinghomiemuchlove.
Skinny  anorexic , thick  obese , virgin  too good , nonvirgin  slut , friendly  fake , quiet  rude.
You can never please society.
how was that
Wow.
First time for everything.
I'm good g
We'll be enjoying some live music tonight from The Blackberry Bushes  Brave Horse Tavern.
Can wait for NEw EPISODE!!!
ah so EXCITED!!
luv yah!!
I hate people who lie to me.
Who can't tell me the truth, who break my heart.
Patriots select Alabama linebacker Dont'a Hightower with the No.
25 pick.The fourth Alabama player selected
youmightbeanautismparentif Yet there are still moments where you understand why some of them stay together.
Looking to connect with people familiar with the aviation finance industry and their data/information needs.
Know anyone?
Wonders what the move from LA to Milwaukee will be like
No PaPa J's open mic tonight due to sports.
Go doctornk a beer!
I know it's a Wednesday, but the mall seems more dead than normal.
And talking on a cell in the bathroom?
Really?
BBQ Bacon Chicken Cheesesteak acquired.
I'm not dead.
Just been busy...lots changing in life these days.
Oh , that's why you can't text back ?
kisses my feet 
I'll need to improvise to fulfill David's challenge while in Jamaica this week
Wtf there's actually halfway decent music on Freemont tonight
Postal Protest in downtown Milwaukee at 4pm to save Saturday service and stop other cuts.
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people get mad at you for having a good time.
question why is twitter un followin people who follow me?
very sad: upset
Thank Eric.
Going through the last days of our cat's life.
This was very helpful.
i will not tweet you; emilypeters.
Hill balling
good morning girl!
But hey, niccas don't sleep in Vegas Bee!
Man, all that jelly and no toast said the man trying to pick up the gorgeous black girl in Miami beach
it's not his fault!!!
thanks for checking out my blog!
Episode 2 of Baby Time will be out soon as well!
Jackie says hi too.
Take the time to say something positive to at least 2 people today that you don't really know.Your words might just brighten up their day.
fuck it imma juss buy another one nd call it ah day
ehh why not Do it anyways I do
Thanks for helping us do some Spring Cleaning during our BlowOut Sale!
We made lots of room for new products.
Stop by.
I'm sick as shit of this rebugnican nonsense.
Not half as bad as Daniel Radcliffe on SNL last night
This women is really working my nerves.
Exactly.
A Chicago '68 riot wouldn't have helped the president's reelection prospects at all with the whole world watching.
I want to go to there : Buckwheat crepe w/ caramelized Walla Walla onions, Gruyere  spinach topped w/ a poached egg.
Our friends at ASA are close to 1000 followers!
Help them get there!
Wanna gain 200 followers?
NO.
I don't want 200 random creeps following me.
Taking a nap during my lunch break  
lol well your a busy woman.
You got a boyfriend
Catch the Mammoth  Rochester game live on at 11:00AM MST.
Let's Go Mammoth!!!
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
Today is gonna be a good day
Marvins room is a good moviee!!
This time tomorrow, come to the Tech Lab to watch the two candidates for President 2013 discuss their platforms.
Looks like a sunny Friday!!!
What are your weekend plans?
Rasta Smiley Sweatshirt  Have a Nice Jay Hoodie
Spielberg attaches his name to a lot now, not all good.
I don't know what's going on at this point, may as well go to bed.
Thinking of our neighbors in the DFW area tonight; our thoughts and sentiments are with all you, sincerely
7 of last 9 Stanley Cup champs didn't get past the 1st round the next season.
NHL playoffs are grueling.
Still doesn't console me.
Now that AD job at UWM is vacant, Michael Laliberte, vice chancellor for student affairs, is interim head of dept.
Medium ice coffee half ice extra extra caramel just cream thanks
His stock has performed like my IRA
Now we know why Europe beats us so badly at soccer.
They are clearly superior at kicking the can down the road.
when I move she move like a puppet on string
oh well slide by my auntie shit dn
I don't need luck
NowPlaying ice melts by Mattkim
Hi Brooke, great that you found this.
Their wedding was very a great day.
The picture looks like a doctoram.
I hope you're in for a bumpy ride.
Gold, man.
I say he's got a year left and as a 3 he could play well
Wow!
RT Deadly car crashes jump by 6 percent on tax deadline day.
what happened!?
you are welcome!
Less is more.
Qute: Ludwig Mies van der Rohe.
Simplify your home decor by highlighting the things that bring you the most pleasure.
How u feelin bout HomeOpener vs Gmen?
Boys will be pumped up, but Gmen bring high caliber play to party
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
o bieber fala yeah girl; plagiando o tutor usher q diz yeah man;
Thanks for RTing !
We think Larry is amazing too.
We're so proud to help inspire all students to stay in school!
We appreicate you!
file:///E:/Wilson's20Creek/SiteMap.pdf
If I don't see one person , ' hella worse !
sign me Los Angeles California hiring promotions record company following gaga
Is thankful for so many great business connections in Southeast WI and the Fox Valley.
I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday.
Enjoy your 
Sorry guys I haven't been on this account in a while..
/:
Great poll results Rossi v.
Murray...
by who though?
If it was me with that dog my name would have been out there yesterday.
Oh man!
I'm loving the new security settings on FB :
Why don't 3 year olds take naps regularly when they clearly need them?
I am ready for a doctornk...
AllIWantForXmas is for Christians to realize that Jesus was NOT born in December!
im not lazy...
i jus dont feel like doin it!!!!
Girl at Brooklyn Flea walks into room full of old typewriters, exclaims, 'Jackpot!'
Ten mile run complete.
Now I can devote the rest of the day to getting bred.
of course nyc  I dont do guessing games unless im in a relationship  she wants to surprise me
Job 29:1213because I rescued the poor who cried for help, and the fatherless who had none to assist him.
The man who was dying blessed me
Task Overload so true
watching videogirl w/ meagan good...lets c what dis is about!!!!!
Who's coming to Columbus for Second Look weekend?
Albemarle supes will consider 2.2 million donation to Seminole Fire Dept.
for addition.
Decision to be made as budget process continues
Today: eat bike train treat flail train bike eat bike treat flail bike tweet!
Agreed.
But nicer restrooms!
I WISH I COULD'VE RECORDED IT.
:'D
Is today's market doctorp a surprise?
Only to those who hope  believe what they hear from the talking heads.
Better to be hedged and prepared
Yea I guess imma be the one to end this!!!
Being single is much more wiser than being in a wrong relationship.
me too!
well, a mancrush for me.
because i love watching him play basketball.
RT : I have a crush on Faried.
Last 24 hours in the Chi till January.
Rise  Shine Thank God  Grind
I'm following.
I got you
Heat need to put James jones in!
omgoshhhhhh omgoshh i would of never knownn this i love gossipp!
if its true!
I LOVE my new Tahoe it sits clean nxt to my Beemer....Make sure u can pay your car note folks b4 buying bullshit
facebook?
or twitter?
3 youth workers for Earn and Learn with us for 7 weeks!
Okay, pain, you win this time.
I've been awake since 230am.
Might as well get up and get some work done.
Googling RooneyMara too early in the am.
Maybe it's time to read the 'Girl w/the doctorgon Tattoo'...
thingsidoat8:47am
Follow and 20 people will follow you, all his followers are
.
FIX YOUR SHIT!!!
3 hours left to buy our groupon for great savings on a new mattress from Mattrezzz Guys!
Even if you are not ready yet it's good til sept!
This just in!
Chicago Coalition for Mayor snubs OlFloppyArms and endorses DannyDavis for MayorOfChicago!
Vote 'Ol Floppy '11
thanks so much.
Funny my coworker was just obsessing about them.
Next stop, Hong Kong.
sitting alone in lunch cause all my friends are fucking annoying.
it's funny that they think I'm kidding.
but seriously...
just stfu.
I make you feel better?
but you put a sad face....
I miss my boobear so terribly much :
I think it's ridiculous this is an issue  sad if it passes!
RT : Why not?
B/c it's ridiculous this is even an issue?
I used to get on twitter everyday and blow up your timeline...idk what happened with me
june 3 need to come on so I can order this infuse
That's whats up!
Keep him first and go get it bra bra!
I'm in Arkansasgetting ready to head back Miami in a few days!
he's old
professorssional genealogists use timelines to create genealogy identities by researching probate records when vital records are not available.
That Moose Muffle Soup sounds intriguing.
Graduating or throwing an office party?
Our mobile sushi bar can go just about anywhere!
Contact for your next gathering
Three Words in the English Language guaranteed to humiliate men in the Western World...Hold My Purse
A soft refusal is not always taken, but a rude one is immediately believed.
Alexander Chase
Except for my music taste, that's pretty attractive too.
I'm growing in my Ashanti sideburns.
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when catch people lying!
Nick Come back to Washington DC!!!
We miss you mister President Last time u were here i got a concussion i have yet to meet u :
So much hw, i barley have any time to tweet about cody!
thanks for letting me know!
What did you order?
Love the vibe there!
seriously tho so much time in school agsjskskd :/
One bright light from the sad Travon Martin events is his mom.
: Walker fans need to step out of the 19th cetnury
you know my free market comment?
Kochinternship!
;
Isn't the avatar a slightly different shading of same pic?
LOL...regardless, I volunteer to switch, later tonight.
Never judge someone unless you've walked a mile in their shoes..
off to the national press club for the movers and shaker luncheon
But sleep and work
Enjoyed having you on the chat!
Hope you've had a great winter break!
Finally!
Cured my Windows 7 machines constant hard doctorve grinding by turning of the search service.
phew
Next session: Slow Dancing for Hackers RT : Ohh, things just got romantic at sdcchi.
Dimmed lights 
Watching American Horror Story!
Let doctor Harmon back in.
EEk.
givebackdetroit RT : I want to do some spontaneous yet reasonable charity sometime today.
Any ideas?
Let's hope it isn't 4chan.
Is violence ever okay?
Is there any difference between terrorism and war?
SomewhereSafer asks such questions.
HAHAHA Listening to 's Spotify playlist, Jame's Brown's HOT PANTS just came on.
My day just got 1000x better.
A for variety!!
JavierVazquez just proved me right.
Sure, throw a pitch right in CarlosPena's zone.
22
oh gosh!
Thx 4 reply, Liz.
I keep searching 4 my employer, a college, in the new groups but not found.
No clue how they get in.
I'll message you it.
Wow, I am incredibly bored tonight
Mhhmm cookout with the family today ?
Sure why not hha.
I'm at the mall.
And it was our ep release show in Cupertino CA.
:
exactly!
waiting on the news to give a report
GM yes, no, yes, no, yes.
I would like to see A Gang Story w/zee sexzee Frenchmen but don't want to miss LTBF  have to see SS
is she already gone
I hate nightmares :
Man, LL is just really happy to be here, huh?
Spotify is messing with me.
One second I'm listening to M83 and then it puts on Jenny From The Block.
What!?
Oh you're gonna ignore me?
Okay,ill ignore you too.
:
Beer is liquid bread
Adam Jones just took another one over the Monster, not into parking lot this time, but gives O's 96 lead and Chris Davis in line for win...
There is no X in Espresso  Our proposed tshirt design should Starbucks ever come calling
Listen up America,if we don't make a hard push and get as many Democrats and Independents in office as possible in Nov.
we're hurting.
These little ballet dancers are coming in BEAT!
Lol
Meek Mill  Don't Panic ' thss my shxt
thank you for the follow!
:
it is just not Twitter without your Lakers tweets.
doctorve slow and enjoy the scenery  doctorve fast and join the scenery.
Doug Horton
so just when you think nothing else can go wrong...gas co turned off my gas with no warning.
Yes, I paid my bill...
good morning to you have a good day
Thanks for the retweet!
Hope all is going well :
congrats, my fellow shareholder !
Turned on the PC for some gaming, but 3 hours later, just cut it off.
Too much internet fun reading going on!
Oh I'm going to have a heart attack!
hey mayor!
Who did u meet?!
I need an iTunes card!
I need music in my phone!
Watp going on twitter
Looking forward 2 the Shoes 4 the Santo Nino.
National Hispanic Cultural Center.
doctorRegina Carlo is an amazing coral conductor
Steven Pressfield said to always bet on yourself.
Most people don't because they don't trust themselves to win.
Get social media buy in by looking for the social media evangelists in your company
what's wrong :
All Natural does not have to mean blah....It should just mean, made with stuff you would find in your own kitchen We have 9 ingredients
People who put themselves down for attention  
Had a great Christmas Eve dinner..Steak and Lobster :
Went a little too hard in the land last night.
I need
I'm a missable person ..
I'm tired of being ignored
Have a question about a medication you are taking?
Inbox us, post in the forum or call 4126816400 and we will get you an answer!
There had been one shooting about a year ago, a block away from work.
Crazy b/c it's a high commute area.
Antonio Brown  fast
Looks like diablo3 servers are crapping out again.
Not at all...
phone got taken away:/
S/o ...my twigga stay giving me bust downs on 100s...very hard to get from a New York smoker lol
thanks Guido!
Hope you are having a marvelous Sunday!
Correction on that last tweet it's , !
uses them as legacy for his daughter.
hi.
Welcome to twitter.
doctorve to central OR has included lots of spot fires and only a little whining.
Good doctorve so far.
lmao I never heard that!
U serious?
Sometimes I honestly wonder how the hell did this happen to me
either week works for me too  b.
sent an email out to us all  so we just need to hear from everlee now.
An once of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Proverb.
matt and Kim.
Duh.
yes!
I will text you when I get into town.
Even if I don't see he show I'd love to see your face.
:
could be with all the rain and all
I want to have Freese's baby.
Good morning friends!
Wishing you all a great Monday!
RT ...Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit...
ok can you say crazy
Nope.
I do the same darn thing everytime I make it
yo I need you to hit me up on here for your contact info we need you on this next one
It's my 1st day as an LSU student!
Grad school, here I come!
Today's class is Foundations of Library and Information Science
WednesdayNightHustlinTheHarv...
I want a COOKIE!
Global Hematology Instruments and Reagents Market to Reach US5.6 Billion by 2017, According to a New Report by Global ...
re: 's authority on interviewing: I've done a lot of interviewing...
of roommates lol re: tech interviews, of which, I fail
Got some Good News!
You got it.
Getting there Wednesday morning.
I always think far ahead and about the future...
destiny however is never planned, it just happens 
Thanks you crazy kids for the tour last week.
And I hope Scott's tummy has recovered from his prezzies.
dude hit me up on ps3....
XXskyreign2 if you wanna
I Yeah I will be there in two weeks the to the Chi to link up wit lep bogus boys
20ThingsAboutMe 4.
I love the Thunder!!
Yes I got some
Glad to connect!
boulderfire on scene fully involved garage/house fire 1531 Mapleton Ave home unoccupied
: Nyc vs.
South Beach!!
TeamHEAT!!!SOUTH BEACH BABY
Oh.
Im 14.
's single release party  Girl Gone Wild, at Fubar tonight!
A little late but what the hell.
The Warrior's Way...
busy is good!
And then live happily ever after
I wonder how much they pay the guy to wear that Hat and dance around
oh god what happen last night?
:
Happy Friday to you too  be sure to follow this weekend for updates on the NABEFCareerFair NABShow!!
livingthedoctoram I think....
Snow on St Patty's?
Really?
It is 80degrees in Chicago and snowing in Seattle...
We work to help you harmonize the unequivocal demand for business results with creating workplaces where people find meaning and purpose, b
Its a Coldplay, Maroon 5, and Fray kind of night.
Fix you
I love it!!
She was so much fun!!
cheers to 2012!
heres to a new year, all friends, family and the doctorm community around the globe.
lets take it higher this year!
Now this is not the end, It is not even the beginning of the end
Hey hey...it isn't all that bad!!
What parts did you see?
Or how about I'm watching over every graduating class?
It's my pleasure to do so.
;
Anyone have old issues of .NET magazine I can read?
Want to see before subscribe.
that's so annoying, we would never do that.
I meant alphabetically...
:
microvolunteering  the idea of people spending bits of time for some community activity.
Especially to create bits of web content.
BATMAN IN A LAMBORGHINI.
I realize that hahah I tweeted that before I realized, sorry
JoWilfried Tsonga: Apparently French Players Get Better After 27 Years Old JoWilfried Tsonga celebrated his 27th birthday with a win.
Great afternoon at Thornton winery.
KDKA's own Heather Abraham gets footloose this morning on Pittsburgh Today Live.
Tune in at 9am to see her fancy footwork!
Very nice!
New kitchens make all the difference.
FF , though 80 of my followers are probably already following her / yay haha
.
is on twitter.
she said in her excited but boring US way ;
keep spreading the word!
This is such an important issue
Lmao it's all good in the hood 
Everybody's life is either a warning or an example.
Which are you gonna be?
Tony Robbins
Ooh, I'd love to join sometime when I'm up there.
Are they on certain days?
Always Weds?
Thanks!
NICE!
Lemme know how it goes!
Hope you have room in your purse w all those bottles of coconut oil u have stashed in there!
No work today!
Feels great.
Hectic week behind; hectic week ahead.
Then the weekend rolls around again.
Don't you just love that?
shewww, text me back pweeseee.
: lol, it takes you forever.
Great meeting guys.
Looking forward to getting to work on this campaign with you.
You make good music.
I'm a fan!
V.
Alexander
Oh man I just got a bike last weekend
Taking a walk on the canal.
Lady at the car dealership just told me to doctorve it like i stole it...i intend to do just that dont you worry

Love Your New Post/ Awesome info!
Keep it up Girl!
I WOULDN'T LIE TO YOU ANTONIO 
Getting a jump start on spring cleaning the yard.
Can't believe my lilacs will be blooming any day now!
Weaving through tornados on my back from client meetings in Tulsa!
Looking for a location for a toy doctorve for my babies in S.
Africa on Dec.
15th.
Any suggestions for a venue that might donate space??
Don't ask yourself what the world needs.
Ask yourself what makes you come alive, and go do that,...
yes/always/duh
Waiting for your parents to be in a good mood before asking them for something.
only two off lead at QuailHollow.
Hes starting to peak for the at
Punk/pop cover of Boyfriend?
I like that.
saw them putting up a giant autographed Guy Fieri photo in the Tune Inn yesterday.
Put a fork inn it, she's done.
Never been a fan of excuses
tired and deletintg friends from my other pages list..
wat kind of cake
ikr?!
and i'm sure he will someday :
If you're going to SXSW make sure you get to the world premiere of The Announcement on March 10!
Doc airs on ESPN 3/11 at 9 pm
i love this place, but its haunted without you 3.
2/2 this Wednesday October 19 at the AtlantaFulton Public Library System
RT : Shoutout To My Nigga Out Here Doing His Thing
Yep, the trinity: an Argentinian, a Swede and a Japanese.
RT : tomorrow's your Bday?
U gettin escorts?
that's my phrase!
: tour buddy points were taken away, hence you must do your own laundoctor when we are on tour.
RT : yes this is faith Hey mama it's me steph
bring some this way
Damn that was fast!!!!
You're an officially bona fide twitter user!!!
HA!!!
Great im bored 
I'm starting to realize that at 3 the traffic sucks b/c all the lil HS jerks are on the road!!
Deb: working with IT, going to institutional meetings
Robin D.G.
Kelley on Palestinian refugee camps as parallel to letter from a Birmingham Jail and South African apartheid
3938 at the half?
I hope the Spurs sweep these pretender teams
Planning a trip to Jamaica with my wife Lindsey.
Anyone who's been, we'd sure appreciate some travel tips.
Just got back from a food truck gathering in Hollywood, FL.
Ribs are in the oven.
TIRED!
Oh fortunate you!!
Camille's grave was quite forgotten until they cleaned it up several yrs.
ago.
day off sounds nice!
when I get home its onto my true passion; catching squirrels in attic.
My todo list before leaving for Virginia tomorrow is: Refill allergy medication.
Buy Dickel.
Priorities, people.
When you have an intention and send it into the universal awareness, you are actually talking to yourself in another form.
Natural hair  rain don't mix.
wat u grab
Holy shit I have no one to talk about spartacus with besides AND THERE BETTER BE A NEXT SEASON DAMMIT
This A.M.
I went musing back thru my own history.
There's so much of it.
I must be getting old.
I don't FEEL old, then there's the mirror.
tweetyour16yearoldself Dude Stay Away From Her......Leave Her Alone
Yeah, sugar boogar.
give me like a half hour.
Working on my birthday!
LAX to Memphis....cant wait to see my sister
Cocktail bars always have the same smell..olives, lemon and ice.
Keys to gaining wealth..Control your budget by following your own income.Following someone else's income will make u broke.
Wow, being a nominee up against Adele this year in the Grammys is like being the Patriots against the Giants in any SuperBowl!
Maeve has the best ass  Matt Mullen
I really believe doctoramchaser 2 has really put Meek on the map  hands down one the best mixtapes
not much lol
Happy birthday earth!
2012zzz
Does anyone have thoughts on using PRBuzz to distribute press releases and/or manage social media?
Would love to hear your favorite...
Is that Mason??
Wow, how he has grown!
What a cutie!!
I know you must be a proud aunt!
all my products are done in professorssional labs, the only thing I do in house is create the art!
its so hard to find a quality hearse...
I'm fine.
Guess u r / were busy lately.
This bxtch makin me mad on Tough Love
Sun burnt and sick.
Great.
your number one on keek now!
:
I can't stand your fatness
BackInElementarySchool allwe had to worry about was Codies
It's been so long twitter!
:S
Woke up to pee  im still fucked up.
:
LOVE LOVE LOVE you tonight on BrovoAndy!!
I think stainless is a cool look.
I just didn't love it, plus they wouldn't remove their logo, no reduction to keep
Making a decision isn't the hard part.....it's making the right one...idk what to do
RT : : The heat hired their own refs today...
Lol.even a Bulls fan knows wassup
Am I the only one who finds these chipmunk movies really disturbing??
You're a wiser man than I.
But I was also doctorgged there.
Go only for the AC, the trailers, the soda, or whatever else.
no you get on fb chat!
Probably should finish my English homework that was supposed to be due on Monday..oh well.
Good morning everyone.If anyone needs followbacks please let me know  I'll do them when I wake up
Uw's Librarians do Gaga trending on YouTube, check it out!
New album almost finished.
All that is left is a few overdubs.
Thank you Nick Eipers Matt Nelson Graham Czach and Robbie Tucker
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
3
5.4 mile jog and peanut butter cheerios.
Can I get a hell yeah?
Planning your weekend?
Don't forget: FPT on Sunday.
Plow, Plant  Shear: sheep haircuts, knitting, spinning, weaving and more!
iOS6 wishlist: Apple adds VoIP to Phone and deprecates PSTN as transparently as they did to SMS texting with iMessage
Seriously, I must be the only person who thinks coffee is disgusting and a doctornk for old people!
Joe Girardi doesn't seem so desperate to save his job with pitching AJ in Game 4
Handyman services available  landscaping, plumbing, electrical, mechanical, repairs, paint, etc.
25 ph per man or bid.
Call 3792763
extreme rules?
As a Express Employee I'd love to see a pink Cardigan
Nf, Follow Back
Like a bragel with fake meat and cheese AND a sugar filled butter bear?
lmfaoo
Blocked out my tumblr for the day
NO/GS resting people.
Heat resting anyone with injuries.
Maybe Mavs will be tired.
Still like our position better than PHX.
SO to RyanKennedy a brave 9yearold battling brain cancer whose wish is to trend on Twitter
getting ready for school!
HATE IT
It's not like I'm crying because I was chased by a gang of scary 12 year olds.
Anyone know a good machine/fabrication shop for small parts in the NW?
Recruiting for food allergy study in Chicago!!
Check out The Allergist Mom on Facebook for more info.
Can't get all info in tweet :
Sharing FF peeps you'll enjoy knowing!
Cowboys by a hair RT : NYG vs San Fran...who you taking?
Going to bed
no prob praise goes to whomever praise is due!
: when would you like me to show up?
yesterday, just move in with me!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
thanks for the cds, jonathan!!
lol my grandma said she was trickin.
she thinks that means just playing
You were a huge help!
Thx.
Looking forward to bringing our program to NYC sometime soon!
: did you know that Christopher Columbus was a genuine piece of shit
I'm gettin so much head its doctorining out my energy!!!!!!!!!!!!prez IGS SNIFF
Sounds like a day that was just waiting for the doctornk at the end of it  or so a wise man once tweeted.
Julius Barnes, a 2015 out of Garner named to Honorable Mention Freshman AllAmerican Team by MaxPreps.
YES!!!
How awesome was it?!
I'm sure fueled you to take things even further.
I'm SO excited for you!
G,A ghost adventures
Long distance relationships are hard but I can make it work...
If he can haha
FLIGHTS TO ATLANTA so amazing!!!!!
Cant Knock Da Hustle
just saw you smile  wave to ur fans at Fenway!
Amazing game tonight!!!
So worth the 5 hr doctorve!
RT me please!!!!!
I like doctorWho, who is your favorite doctor
Four tech powerhouses rotate the cover of Fastcompany, which one got the Valley?
My home copy in metro NY was Facebook, in DC, Amazon.
It's supposed to be raining tomorrow, hopefully it doesn't impact the flight.
Good night Tweeps
Hi !
Sorry to bother your lunch today at Sushi Deli but great seeing you!
of all names...
RT : LADIES GET FREE CIROC  WE GOT FREE WRAPS RITZ2 FRIDAY PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE tonefide a1
With the 36th pick in the NFLdoctorft the Denver Broncos select DT Derek Wolfe Cincinnati
I think it's a lamp?
The interview went...
Ehh I hope I get the job though
People are using you and your going to come crying back to me
as an Eagles fan my whole life, I agree.
The O line is the most important part of a team
Washington  grant, is there something being filmed there?...2nd day w/big crowd
Babysitting is a game of patience.
I thought she was saying cool breeze not cant breathe...that makes more sense haha
sorry to hear about the crumbled cookies.
Great catching up with you at dish2011.
Time to bake some user tools into artbabble?
who thought that a last day outfit could be so stressfull hehe
Just did a delivery  the lady gave me a 10 tipU know what that means?
I is getting myself 2, not one but 2, half priced martinis tonight
Epic, tearinducing, magical, expansive, longawaited
EARN an EXTRA 400 a WEEK International Company Expanding.
We are Seeking Athletic and Sports Minded Individuals with Good People Skills.
Marcus LoVett Jr.
had 32 points and Patrick Gonzalez 29
: That awkward moment when you see something you really want in a store, check the price tag, and sadly walk away.RT
I can't tell if this was a long week or a short week but I know it's Friday and that's good enough
ahh I'm socexcited!
if you find out tell me 
What?
The worst doctoram ever!
Gnomes for Kids style?
Easily done!
Hot pink or light pink?
Thoughts on Hair and eye color?
Being in therapy is great.
I spend an hour just talking about myself.
It's kinda like being the guy on a date.
Caroline Rhea
this might be the best compliment ive ever received via social network!
:
Don't hate him.
Forgive and forget, his words were a great fuel while I was in the fightin game.
Just because Nitwits like you sont get SARCASM, You may as well just throw yourself off the nearest bridge, sans parachute
no, sorry!
thank you for bringing in this world!
And for that I love you :
I promise you I will always be on time.
Been told that Micael Thomas WILL definitely be playing in tonight's Reserve match.
Doing a good 15 minutes stretching after today's hard run.
Flexible muscles recover more quickly and helps you to avoid injuries and aches.
wow...as a fellow heat hater, those are some strong words!
A few more minutes.
Jewelry, pottery, gifts, vases, wallets, gift certificates  more can be found at your neighborhood gallery Singing Stone in Ybor City Tampa
I will just say for the record that I am Suzie Robb's IT guy.
Back from a long great weekend at Comic Con.
Looking forward to getting back to work after a good nights sleep.
hmm..mabye.
let me check that
Thanks for letting us know!
So many links, so little time ; Corrected links on the way...
Great reunion of artists  fans!
Im remembering all their music we sold at Mizell Records back n the day :
I want to do Beastie Boys Fight for Your Right cover with y band so badly.
I can't believe we're even debating contraception this day and age.
MY GOD
One of the most valuable checks you can receive is a Reality Check.
Audition 1, me 0.
Didn't get a callback :
In the poker room actually playing the right game now.
30k starting stack got about 34k.
thats some mystery dusty and musty!
was there uranium in it?
ATTENTION INTERNET: I am now a fully fledged library scientist.
Watch out.
Just got undoctorssed outside my house..its xmas eve yes
Don't let the early week specials go by without taking advantage.
Jack Daniels, Skyy 80, and Seagrams on sale till tomorrow!
Follow up my bothers And
you want us to?
off to the tack sale with deb  kenzie and some other people : yaaay!
new horse stuff :D
Yea, it's I'm editing the pic for her so it can go in the video:
plus niggas was trippin...
They wanted to hoop instead of gettin numbers...
hm no, not one, unfortunately.
They are all SuperPac.
re watching D.
Abbey?
I had surgery when I was 5.
They cut my balls to save my life.
I now have mangina.
I didn't say nefarious.
That def of scapegoat doesn't say person has to be innocent.
He is bearing others' blame as well as own.
Old hackers never die.
They just go to bitnet.
LOL!!
You are a fool!!
Chicken Scratches vs.
Electronic Prescriptions  New York Times
lol, yep I hear those noises quite often an thats yeah still very very afraid of possums they are
the round blue fox waslked over the boring dog.
I'm not even making sense right now.
where r u headed?
Been on the hustle!
Promoting events is so fun, especially when music is involved.
Love being a DJ  a promoter!
A dog may be a man's best friend, but a writer's best friend is their editor.
I literally got chills up my spine at the sight of that doctorss!
Absolutely stunning!!!!
Thanks for the Gr8 Monday everyone!.
Thanks and for an excellent call!
What fuck faces
Get me on this plane!
Delays for usairways at NYC laguardia...
No surprise there
I didn't know it was repeating!
So last year,  I were tapped to do the reality show 7 days of Sex.
We declined.
Best decision ever.
Right?
I love my dogs
Marcy says yes you boys should do that!
I am admin and teach 2 classes still!
It is hectic but wouldn't change it for anything.
Super impt to stay in it
Happy Monday.
yay!
Find place to live yet?
You ever make fun of someone so much, you think you should thank them for all the good times you've had?
: ThePromotion is a bizarre flick.
stiffler wrecks it as usual though.
isn't it Ryan Reynolds?
well, tweeted it..
let's share a HUGE congratulations for him and his wife..
baby boy!!!!!!!
Los Angeles, CA Need females for event.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 300 dollars.
ugh!
They just don't understand our need for this cd!
nameless sound is working, 3 person office director, admin director, education coordinator doing office time.
getting stuff done!
that, quite frankly, should have been discarded AGES ago.
The last time we got new copies.
he has a cast on...and playing guitar.....

That boy lives his mama tho  idol
For what is a poem but a hazardous attempt at selfunderstanding: it is the deepest part of autobiography.
Robert Penn Warren
hope you had a fabulous first few days at USD!
My birthday is officially over  I am officially 17!
;D
def failing this math test tomorrow
Editing today, and finalizing two JBCreative video projects.
Alaska has had record cold temperatures this year.
Thankful my car is starting, pipes haven't burst, and that green tea is plentiful!
seriously??
Hm...wonder if my mytouch 3g slide is compatible.
Ah.
As far as Horde or Beast mode goes, your beast bet is to pull friends in.
Randoms are douchebags 90 of the time.
Here at the hotel right next to the handicapped parking, hybrid parking.
Never saw that before.
I often find the articles in Information Technology and Libraries to be interesting and useful, I just wish they had tl;doctorsections.
Come check out surrender tonight free admission if use my name Travis Sosa  guestlist!!
only
LSU 45 AU 3 the only war chickens left in the stadium are the team and the band
Are there any hockey fans in Indy?!

Yes loopholes in French rights reversion to author if publisher still trading.
But law should work if orphan publisher.
I just saw josh and jessica mason tonight.
What a good night :D
106.7 KISS FM IS COMMERCIAL FREE ALL DAY TODAY AND TOMORROW!!!
HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY WEEKEND!
My heart goes out to family
Tonight is the Finals Breakfast at Taylor Place downtown.
Enjoy free food and fun from 8 p.m.
10 p.m.
WFUD12 Peter Jaszi: when courts don't know about a particular field, they look to norms when determining fair use.
Keari really just whooped my ass yo!
we are trying for Noon EST
Stupid nucca just doctorpped MLK's name as if I never read a book, or studied black history.
CmonSon get ya knowledge up
Out to dinner with the fam :
Is the Reverend in the house?
Anger management still be ridin
Cuddled up between my parents.
Women Farmers Are Making Bank In Agritourism
MCCABE  mister.
MILLER and Tom Noonan's directorial work!
Heading into work The weather is perfect, doctornk specials all night and you can't beat these cheesesteaks
The making process then being the glue that keeps one from succumbing entirely to the illusory, being the attachment to the world.
Lady sitting next to me at spring training game: Ah...
we gotta get a point out of this, the bases are loaded for peet sake
I'm not waiting on a prince, i'm waiting for the one who thinks i'm their princess
I am not sure what translation I was quoting...but it was all that I could think of at the moment.
:
what in the world!
Please investigate and report back.
Tonight we have 2 shirt winners.
answered the Pale Rider trivia question a minute after the first guy so runner up winner!
I aint trippin, my only competitions the mirror.
The yellows and the reds are gorgeous this morning
Applicant must be professorcient in PHP/CSS3/CS 5 and CMS platforms.
Please respond via Twitter or
I narrow it down to two by look and then let the name be the deciding factor.
I like Berry Daring.
MORE STORIES I CARE ABOUT.
excited.
punk'd is on tonight!!!
yay!!
Me too, Steve, me too.
It's SO nice out, and it's only the 2nd nice day since it rained all week.
The library is crazy busy!
Huh.
Oh neat!
We're glad to have another alumnus to follow.
: The smallest human penis in record history was just 5/8 of an inch long..
I mean I can get it to an inch if I want to.
Last Oriole to hit home run on opening day in first atbat Luis Matos.
About time!
Hehe.
COME!
IM HEAR TIL SUNDAY RT : thanx for the invite
happy birthday
MentionYourCrush ..
im not gonna lie.
:
Checking out the show at Helium comedy tonight in Portland, I'm expecting plenty of Connor references...
Join us for next week's topic of the week: university violence.
Asking hard questions and making progress toward safer campuses.
seaweed?
What seaweed?
There was an eel, though.
Electric eel.
Hi there.
If you want to forward your resume to me at , I'll make sure your resume gets seen.
mofo, im at study hall where you at???
Last week of the Spring Semester is finally here ...
Dodgers lose 62 against the
are homemade cookies a budget conscious gift for the holidays?
Ex Dir poses as homeless psych pt  finds disturbing conditions at NJ resident care facility
One bad thing about having an attractive boyfriend is having to deal with all of these stupid hoes giving him attention and hitting on him.
Your welcome
RT : I know how men think, why do I need to spend my money on a movie that's about women thinking like a man.
MT: Why build a library when you have GOOG?
// We can't just snort  dismiss this question.
Looked at your online shop to customize T shirts.
Any chance in the future you will put up the art from the in game cutscenes?
When playing PE volleyball was some
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once
Why can't it be about the billionaires?
I am a robot, first of all.
You bet!
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you're enjoying the sun ...
it's even bright out here by the ocean!
just chillin you?
What's your damage Heather?

Rachel Bilson!
laid back AND put together...
and she loves doctor Pepper chapstick like me!
Can't decide: Papers or Sente?
Papers more flexible, Sente allows me to annotate pdfs directly.
Both fill gap in my work flow.
Opinions?
Wow, so what did they say?
If you're writing about it, please send me the link!
yeah.
Let me know when you are in town.
ThingsPGKidsSay on graduation day I'm saying fuck you to Ms.
Smallwood.
2 DAYS!Pie Pong, Pudding Wrestling, Wheelbarrow race,Piemaking race, the great guys of IOTA and lovely ladies of AOII!
Whats better?!!!!
Bricked a 300re and 500re 6m so far.
Playing the 1650500 bounty today.
Up bright and early for once, feeling good.
In what area did you get a house?
what a thirsty hoe
include reference to future lesson on alternatives that were available.
words cannot explain how badly i wanna beat the shit out of you right now.
so u and selena broke up?
Look at The Court Blake
Best tweets huh...
Gonna have to beat all the UK tweets that fill my feed...
pickupyourgame!
Cover me...
starting Mason and Dixon again for probably the fifth time.
attention followers: please follow
Im pretty sure I have insomnia.
Ugh just one more thing to add
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Thats What The Monkey Said
From jonathan swift  those that own your bonds own your soul  Hannan to LPR2011 Who owns your debt?
C'mon Gmen!
waiting for the bus.
:
Passion creates a desire for you to pursue your destiny......
yes sir I do!
RT if you want me to post a picture of me in my doctorss I'm going to wear to the Valentines Dance!!!
If MittRomney doesn't remember the prep school hazing that even appalled the other participants, he's an even colder douche than I thought.
About to head to the Mountains
I really wish I had the 1 money 2 week off to go to SXSWi this year.
I wanna get my nerd on.
when is ur next competition 2 win portal 2?
you are so amazing!
Best singer ever : can you please follow me?
its my birthday on the 23rd...
please follow!!
Mahomie 7
she sacrificed so much  to send me to private schools for a better education
there is something special about portuguese colonies.
Even through oppression and colonialism.
People r happy and good food
I see you spent all your time on your hair, that you forgot to finish getting doctorssed.
Poor slut.
i went to the cinema, i saw Dark Shadows, it was ok.
Corazon Real Estate works with a variety of reputable local service repairmen so you know the work on your rentals is being done right.
Cant believe he missed it
me: How long until I see you on there?
Smiling saying All these bitches is my sons
maybe.
Last night it was turtles.
Hope our minds want to settle soon.
yesterday hurt?
I miss all teh good stuff while I'm sleeping ;
So nice of you, Sarah!
Thank you so much.
:
I wonder how many people got April fools proposed to today
woohoo  that's great news!
182 days; 4389 hours; 263377 minutes; 15802624 seconds until the nightmare is over for America...tick tock tick tock tick tock.
Baffert either has the coolest or lamest hair ever.
Is there really WinWin in a negotiation?
snow is on the way.
Long time without a blog
integrity is important to winning in life
Ooh!
Looking forward to reading Book Lust to Go, Nancy Pearl's new book!
to all my friends stuck behind a pile of grading: hee hee.
RT : Never let your head hang down.
Never give up and sit down and grieve.
Find another way.
Satchel Paige
Talking and partnership with 
Lilroz316 on instagram....who else is on it?
We are going 2 play the powerful International Basketball Team Beijing Olympians on Tuesday at Grant High School http;//HollywoodJammers.Com
Army of Darkness is on!
Yes!
400 followers!!!!
Thank you to every single one of you!
Keep spreading the work about XLR8 Entertainment!!!!!!!!!!!
Checking out LEGO Livestong!
Then over to libertymemorial for some more doughboy helmets.
New recruits!
where is it!?
y would they do that smh...
loving it..
Making connections between ed deform across cities at
once I did a midprocess talkback where people could only make statements, no Qs and it was surprisingly awesome.
I've officially decided that Lincoln towncars, continentals, and any other boat cars are the worst cars.
what about Richmond hill we have no go train on the weekend
2012concertwishlist let's see , , ,  I know im missing one more oh
Wow, what a sweet face!
Hope all is well.
and will do what I think is best for me and my career...and right now I think that that's the way to go.
U will have success no matter where U play.
Question is, what do U want to accomplish?
Championship?
Block record?
Answer BBN
im so pissed!!!!!!
my right earphone fell in my doctornk and the whole sound obviously went out..
i want new earphones!!!
This day is too gorge.
Going to the beach to tan before the show tonight.
Bring it!!!
RT momos is about to feel the Bemba Soul Tribe Force.
5 before 930
It's about to be 420 here in MY time zone,lol.
stpaddysday in Philly record number of vehicle explosions.
Too many astrologersindescribing a Scorpio forgettoemphasize how loving, generous kind loyal even gentle a Scorpio can be.
When are you going on tour!!!
I need to get my Britney on!
It Britney bitch!!!!
We'd love for you to submit a video.
Thanks.
Wow, just finished Adam Johnson's riveting, North Koreaset new book, 'The Orphan Master's Son.' The first mustread novel of 2012.
Don't make me revote betastatus, Bob!
oh god lol that's for that image, its a delightful image for in the morning haha
Cut loose..
Footloose..
:
I hate that I can't seriously say no to ppl when they need me to do something that shit stays getting me in trouble
I wish I had the movie Space Jam.
Congrates to some great skating done by our rider David Mackay in the Phx Am!
Say No to doctorgs...
But then again, if you're talking to doctorgs, you may already BE ON doctorgs....
WhoDatNation proud baby!!!
SF!
You are NEXT!
It's hard to hear with a Dampier
Might want to help better!
D:
Woot!
train 280 now again moving!
Ok mister Phillips I can respect that.
Just offering my services
Good luck.
I know you'll stay active swimming and biking so hang in there.
You'll come back stronger.
You know I love my blog when my copy of InStyle with Natalie Portman sits unopened two feet away...
my friend Tiny pointed out that this Knicks team hasn't had a full season or training camp together.
U think that would help?
better than Super Bad?
: show us that southern hospitality!
Kenyon Martin still one of my fav.
athletes...the way he carries himself game in and game out shows he has the heart of a champ for real...
Just been a good ole day :
Be the change you want to see in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi
think positive, think comeback.
otherwise watch Nats game.
they may be best team in DC right now
It's 4:36.
I'm hungry for supper.
No one else is home.
Now I have to cook for myself.
Woh, both and on ESPN at same time, turn down the bright lights on those domes!
I'm great thanks 4 asking!
lol
I'd pretty much rather be putting my socks in alphabetical order..
Than working right.
Congratulations!!!
So excited for you!
Can't wait to hear you sing a new Scott Alan song!
You must be on top of the world!
What exactly is it?
Just art?
Whenever I make eye contact with a cute stranger, I always pull a Taken.
I will look for you, I will find you, and I WILL fuck you.
I never mess with NT B/S.
eBay sucks but it's quick and easy.
damn lol no that's too much rain
Only one client today...
and the script needs a total rewrite.
It's a good day to market and have brunch!
People who just stand by me and don't say anything, pisses me off
: TruthIs I'm ugly...
TruthIs you should never ever say that to yourself
Rest in peace to the young girl who got shot in shoreline.
Excited Lee Pace is going to be in The Hobbit, disappointed he's going to be in Twilight.
You're better than that, Lee.
So much better.
I see your point, but the amount of illegal scripts being written and sold down there is insane.
Same with Maryland/21st
Don't take a good woman for granted.
Someday someone's going to come along  appreciate what you didn't.
Hockey season starts tonight!!!!
Flyers vs.
Caps rookies and prospects game!!!
Bed time, blahh I hate homework!
nothing really, we just got in an alphabetical line and sat in the auditorium and pretended we were getting our award:
This is Bronson Freaking Arroyo!
Gross!
Lets have a contest, lets see who can look the worst swing at garbage tonight!
The bigger the bill, the harder you ball.
Great advice I'll pass along.
If you expect God to forgive you for your messy behavior then you better be willing to forgive others yourself
There are 6.5 Billion other fish in the sea.
That's 6,500 x 1 million.
Yeah.
Katia growing in size faster than
I've never been more proud of our 3yo than when she began catching snowflakes on her tongue  immediately said needs sugar
Can't wait to get out of her...
Spice is the sickest, most nastiest thing ever.
I rather not smoke at all than smoke that shit as an alternative.
someone just sent me 180 green carnations.
: iloveyou is better than I love you because in iloveyou there are no spaces for lies.iloveyou :
: thought u live in sweden so sorrywhat made u think that
please follow she is you biggest fan!49
hm not that I'm aware of
Someone should punch Manny Pacquiao in the face.
Oh, wait!
Great news...
Fact!
RT Saying Calm down to a woman has a 0 success rate, unless you're striving to have all your things thrown outside
Missy Elliott needs to feel better and come back with something asap
ADD ME CHICK MISS N LOVE YA
There is no way AngelPagan can be benched.
CarlosBeltran should play some right and left.
Play the hot hand in the corner outfield spots.
Big shout out to , my corrugated angel with bubble wrap wings!
:
i would LOVE to go!
but i dont live in LA!!
Have fun tho!
what songs u plan on singing?
ps, can u put more pics of u in Miami?
cool :P
WHEW you have taught me so much in 6 months!
Definitely ready for vsa2011!
o Tumblr is at capacity...and no fun failwhale either.
A very small part of me wants to see Star Wars in 3D but I really dont think I can stomach young Anakin or Jar Jar all up in my face
Ima need him to say something
omfg I making a new twitter now.
I hate twit wipe don't even use that horrible thing.
Trust me I'd love to come there someday!
OK, we don't blame you  the eye can look a little freaky if you're not used to seeing these diagrams all the time, but take a look at...
lol wat size does he wear
Ravens over Falcons is my fearless forecast for
Can't stand this heat!
Happy 4th everyone!
Can't wait for fireworks!
equality never stop fighting for it.
Always defend it.
You mean the posters we had on the wall?
Eminem FTW.
Very nicely done, Chrysler.
Stop buying doctorgs.
i now own
Why risk the block or the bad snap when you can run it in from he 1/2?
I left her to clean alone.
Lolol
!
One more time..!
RT : Every relationship has it's ups and downs, but never let the downs push you away from each other
well, im not tired at all
That's wonderful!
I do hear from alumni on FB, but they don't usually follow me on Twitter for some reason
S/O to he hooked me up with some twitter followers!
aw!
Red Rock Saloon lol
itgetsmemadwhen people choose not to say please or thank you...
You smell like clean air
that shit is still beast
Were you there too?!
Thank you WhereConf for the live stream.
Couldn't make it this morning, but have enjoyed the keynotes.
Specifically now w/ .
Congrats to all who got cast in the fall shows!!!
for sure
Our brain is designed to be ungrateful.
Jonah Lehrer, author.
RT : 5.9 million brackets in the ESPN Tournament Challenge...
and TWO have the Final Four correct.
TWO!
freeze some pickle juice on a stick.
Yum!
Haha.
Sure.
I bought a ticket.
Doubt I'll run tho.
: JW
??
You mean prevention?
RT : Is uterine and breast cancer what you call good womens reproductive health?
Everyone check out my boy !
Got some gnarly covers!
Check out his single Where We're Going!
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.
Fashion is a lifestyle...
but most make their lifestyle fashion...
B What you believe and then wear it!
BELOW THE BRIM
yeah  if it works am sure there will be others
i wanna see Paranormal Activity 4
RT : Q2 Show outcomes of previous surveys, explain clearly why you need feedback
Just got asked the dumbest question at work smh!!!
Thanks for following  Keep Smiling!
Double Pizza Pizza Whiskey  Coke.
Hello.
We're all out of bubblegum.
I need a study hall!!
my pleasure!
!!!!!
RT Thursday will mark 100 days 'til KyDerby 138.
It'll be here before you know it!
Enjoy the ride.
They changed it to April 22nd :
And good luck to you.
I don't generally review books but when you're ready, I'll do yours.
Thank you so much for last night!!!
3
Well we just posted a hilarious video on our FB page.
Building my business...let's go!
No league standing flags up yet
penguins vs flyers series is amazing.
Hope it never ends.
big shots....all those bars.
I hate Broadway bars though.
Honestly the worst country you'll ever hear all night long
nice butt.
:
Take away Republican and Democratic power OccupyWallStreet change voter registration to nonpartisan
Thanks for the Weston Fitness RT the other day.
: Much appreciated.
I caught him CLEANING IT WITH STEEL WOOL weeks ago.
On his most recent use, he left it in the sink full of water to rust.
More soon on 5th anniv NOSCA conference w/indepth sessions  updates on our Own The Turf campaign.
yay!
I'm WePaying people bills online so u can pay w a card OR we can exchange cash or check when the cookies come in next week..
I am sick of frills and lost prints of the 60s.
already.
i have barely bought anything.
why??
that tweet made me nervous as we rented there as well.
Quick game today phillies Joe Blanton throws a CG shutout the Braves  Still, a day at the ballpark beats a day of good honest work
Oh Yeah:
Purposefully working on my business!
LOL...
who knows!
This morning really made me realise that my pace has got to be slowed down in order for me to survive this summer
Tony Award Nominee for Best Play  a Pulitzer Prize finalist, In the Next Room or the vibrator play, shows tonite thru April 22
SMOOCHES to all my followers!
muchluv!
A big welcome to our newest guest, longtime Dodger Manager and Hall Of Famer Tommy Lasorda.
www.hopeforforefighters.org
Hi Ramit.
Any way I could speak someone about a possible partnership between yourself and ?
Anyone who believes that we live in a postracial society hasn't been paying attention over the last few days.
We still have some work to do
.
Where did you get that scarf?
actually I believe I look the best.
ha ha...
Funny.
Wonder if the restaurant knows they named themselves after an armpit.
laugh at the past i dun came up fast !
Always working.
Always moving forward.
Now testing to see if goes this way as well.
Again, please pay no attention to the stage crew as we prep for the matinee.
Jst got off from work and I'm sleepy af
Brady and the Pats didnt make it back to the playoffs after winning their 1st, then came back and won back to back.
packers will do the same
Did someone say spanking?
Ravens confirm that the team has reached an agreement with on a multiyear deal.
Are they high on 1 Winning doctorve??
they better fix this the sound before austin peyton or dylan performs orr im gonna flip a shit
Our job n this lifetime is not to shape ourselves into some ideal we imagine we ought to be, but to find out who we already r and become it.
TSA considering changing name to TMI
It's so early I'm so tired I must be stupid
Thanks so much Amy!
Hope you had a great weekend!
niggas these days, got the same emotions that females have.
RT if you want a shoutout or a DM to Alex, Robert, Tyler, or Peyton Sanders.
:
Quoting my manager: I was going to join twitter but I don't have time for that s!t!
The crit is too personal  over the top, but it's true I'm not a big fan.
Would've liked balance w/artists he thinks are worthwhile
have you seen Jersey Boys?
Learn about treatment options for prostate cancer.
My blog is at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The future of the book is science fiction.
Letters plus neuroscience: technology of thought.
Don't forget, GRANDE FAMILY IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!
Ok, it's not purple.
I'm blind.
But he was awesome.
Still to come; , John Mellencamp, Jackson Browne.
Woody's gotta be smiling
Thanks for the RT.
I'll stop by when I go to LA to play at the Blue Whale in May!

thank you!!!!
so as usual I win at life  CLASSIC RIPI haha TRUUUU 
Seagulls.
6 AM.
Why.
Two Can Play That Game!!
come down to the lower cafe
Tyler Lyle's powerful melancholy lyrics join the new pop lyrical sounds of American Bloomers July 30th Bring Hollywood Home
zecco probably covered last week.
what the heck???
Who would do that??
Let me know if you need anything love
Photo Radar Vans are in Place, On Campbell near Broadway until 12:30pm  on Park b/t Speedway and Grant from 5pm9pm.
Watch your speeds!
LOL...I hear you!
HELLO my Name Is  , The Name You'll Be Screaming At Night ;
Their tacos are so good!
I know, I'm right next door!
: Ohio fire fighters filling the stands for tonights Ed Show.
Can't sleep worth crap immediately after a 40minute basketball game.
I had to go to credit recovery for algebra.
I kno the shit its jus I didnt turn n shit those six weeks
Put it down you dirty Jew!
Jesus died for that candy!
thank you, based
Thanks you sir.
I haven't decided my specialization yet but I'm leading towards Dentistry.
mac got in on doctoramchaser 2?
Yeah!
Conan's on!
Let's not mess this up people.

you described progressive discipline better than me.
Chad is doing fantastic!
Birthday fam dinner
I'm saddened to learn NC has passed a ban on samesex marriage :
Most phones let you choose system time or your own time.
WE LOVE U  OUR
Think i just saw another season end, hope not.
Hey mister Stern, not a good idea stuffing so many games in so lil time.
ijs...
Worked out, showered, ate some good food.
I feel great.
Got sucked into the Bachelorette again this season.
Ty seems to be the only normal dude in the house.
just did..
Why can't I meet more women like you?
RT Monday: Be totally aware of your LQ ...
Listening Quotient.
Explicitly work on it tomorrowand grade yourself at day's end.
RT Work in the invisible world at least as hard as you do in the visible.
Rumi
my ipod has been so solid today.
Made tea..
No sweet n low!
Fuck!
He can totally pay; doesn't mean he's getting into your pants.
Demand respect.
Billy, please call in Robin and Whoopi it's crumbling around you
Follow the handsome gentlemen of Long Shore doctorve!
rooster crows then hack, cough.....
lol good morning when y'all get up.
lol lol
Re RootsTech2012's very late decision to Ban booksellers from exhibit hall.
Anyone who has paid  objects should demand  get all  back.
SaySomethin cant wait
I don't know anything about thisbut am interested to know more.
I'll google it to see what I can find out.
Thx.
Its almost VDAY
Aberrant behavior?
Naughty librarian?
I wonder how long they'll give him?
oh, i was just gonna listen to and say something classy, but i see that you live in SA.
howdy neighbor.
:p
Love the song How Great Is Our God...
Amazing!
Beliebers Respect Selena of course we do...love you
I'm impressed.
It helps me keep track of what I've said  er  tweeted.
Really cool stuff.
if I ever hit 20 guys I'll shoot myself  teen mom is really fckin w these high schoolers.
Coming out to play tonight...see you soon.
that picture is rough
People that box you in on the road when you're just trying to get home....
Happy Father's day !
isn't it detrimental to tell a stdnt their work is good when it rly needs work, though?
RT OMG!
shoutout.
To now following me!
With the biggest collection of ugly Christmas sweaters!
LMAO
The Supreme Court recount may end up in court today, but the Prosser campaign says it will NOT challenge Kloppenburg's right to a recount.
alrighty.
Just let me know if anyone else is going.
The End of the Line for Encyclopaedia Britannica ://bit.ly/wfmvbi Next up: The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy
Hmph.
Apparently I was misinformed.
Thanks and happy Friday, Karl!
Would love to chat about UEFA with you soon.
preach it sister!
; love you jasmine!
Welcome!
If you need more, just send me another name.
i wish all guys had that spirit
Three days til Milwaukee Irish Fest!!
We can't wait!
RT :  r cool RT : devlearn folks....any vendors that r MUST see this year?
Going to see my sister's grave today.
boobs represent nutrition, nourishment and growth.
ovaries represent destruction, and permanent termination of the individual
therewasacrazymoose is trending!
now you have to follow :
Stuck in the Moment HAHAH.
Roenicke just said that KRod would close tomorrow.
I have got to see that video ASAP!
;
Listened to a lot of music today:
And I have a short list of invitees.
Best part is, it's an 'open source' panel.
Just took Rob Gronkowski for 30.00; slightly overpaid but he's elite.
Budget 200 
Alex Pettyfer has my vote!
Oklahoma City we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
SnowCozy fireplace
And who I sold it to is irrelevant.!
Did I mention go after a magazine Cover?
No?...
Well,  add that N there.
this is the most attention North Carolina has gotten since the Civil War.
Lovin cup....we are coming for you and we are bringing some amazing music and our new baby.
See you soon!
yes I joined the Scandal bandwagon too.
Love it!!
I totally have a girl crush on Olivia Pope.
ANEN : R.I.P Knicks until next year 
is simple ready....

Go tell it on the mountain.
Love it!
hahaha!
Hope u didn't miss your flight..
That would suck!
Wtf r u doing in a Minnesota airport anyways?
StoryCorps collected the wisdom of humanity.
Son it will be available online!
Thanks for the follow!
Best wishes to you :
Tonight on Chris' Flyers eulogy, an appearance by the and perhaps some playoff pool updates at 8
awww thanks boo!
I don't want to leave Chicago!!
Don't make me!
Nice!!
Good luck, that's an impressive time for sure!
Hey bro the civil war ended a while ago, it's time to take down the confederate flag, it's pretty racist.
: : How often do you ignore a call?everyday Everyday!?
Feeling like a little treat?!
Cool down with some iced tea and a cupcake at Cake Fetish!

3  Not nearly as good as the first two movies.
It morphed into a typical zombie horror.
Great gore FX but otherwise ordinary.
hi princess and friends
Good Morning All!!!!
Friday the 13th 
No I went to Aquinas.
Never lived in Webster area.
s.o is my cuz
I will be trying to update a bit.
We have already heard great papers on Civil Wars, and now we are all in a GIS panel.
AztecDomination!
RT : CSU has lost 8 straight on road, hasn't won at SDSU in 9 years.
As if that matters in this league.
2012 is going to suck.
im single....
I was looking at ep 2, the pic on the in KW house when he is holding the book and its raining looks so creepy to me
Outstanding CAS Student of the Year  Lina Rodoctorguez.
I hate waking up with a attitude.
yo we gotta figure out this housing plan
hahahaha: yeah you definitely like it:
Getting very excited!!!!!!!
working on music wbu ??
newbalance my custom 574s were delivered today while I was at work.
Stolen before I got home.
Heart broken.
awesome site  thank you!
Stay tuned for the interview with Dominic Truoccolo '12 and RE:
hell yeah it was!
p
Things that are trending always have such depressing responses...Lightenuppeople There is always light at the end of the tunnel.
Going to get my I.D.
Can't wait for captainin America Today!!!
Regal Tuesdays people!
cupcakes def make up for catching kids' cooties.
All sizes and styles are back up on wiskullsin.net New Lady BOBs and Red Vag Protectors in are.
Should be on the site soon.
HOT new pics.
Me too!
I didn't know that was a common sleep position!
There is nothing more I want at this moment than to get into MSB.
I just can't wait.
Tonight in RVA Noell plays with NERVOUS TICKS!
Strange Matter 5pm
If you really trappin you need to get one of the hotlines I'm slangin out
If you dont become an actor youll never be a factor...
I dont remember that was.like two months ago
I'll make sure your taken care of!
iwantspotify.
Hook it up !
Spotify in the USA!
Thanks David.
Happy that is on the team.
cc
yeah, at 34th and 6th.
Going home for all of next week.
Gettin me some sunshine.
:D
omg he will be beautiful forever
I forgot about it lol.
How much again?
LiamZaynLouisNiallHarryBackToTwitter i guess?
sometimes these TTs make me cringe lol
I knew you were going there.
I was going to go cocacola but switched back.
Success is a choice.
Rick Pitino
my cousins dad
UX designer/researcher in Orlando.
Also going to My goal is to meet all UXers in FL.
Let's meet in St.
Pete!
We now have the support for pseudonyms.
We were afraid we'd accidentally release your real identity via SXGoogle
When you treat people like childoctorn, you get childoctorn's work.
Rework from the founders of 37signals
YOUR EYEBROW KEEPS TWITCHING CUZ YOUR BLACK.
he needs 2 pass to Bynum more IMO he's a beast, kobe should take prolly 47 less shots a game  give those 2 Pau  Bynum
My boyfriend, , is the most wonderful, attractive man in the world!
Did you just say what I just said as if you said it first?
ditto.....greeat time!
Exalt the Lord our God, and worship at his holy hill; for the Lord our God is holy.
Psalm 99:9
Going home to get dirty and then cleaner.
how are you doun my lovely:
because the two sides are in proportion so if the bottom half is 2 and the top half is 5 the other side has to be something
im blaming the ham!
Hi BFresh!
Gosh I miss all of you,it has been almost a year exactly since I discovered pubwrite.
doctorma you say?
Nerd n.
Slang 2.
A person who is singleminded or accomplished in scientific or technical pursuits but is felt to be socially inept.
Proud to be an alumna of a school that celebrates Friday the 13th.
Happy ColgateDay!
way to be boys
I feel like the West Coast has 8 billion more Marathons than the East Coast.
To do list: laundoctor, pack, watch Eagles game, Christmas Mass, dinner w/ husband's family then 9 days visiting Mom  Dad in FL
they teach that at the Carter Fold lol forrealcountryboy right here bahaha
lol text me please im bored
YAZ and Erasure...
can't go wrong with that!
Thanks for noticing!
Wrap it up wrap it up while i take this bow off..
St.
Patrick Day is the prefect day to remind you to eat more GREENS!
wasn't that the guy with the voice so deep that he'd make you cry?
Lol.
R.I.P.
To A Real West Coast Legend!!
Hopeing My Bestfriend Charles Comes Back Over
they have to make bigger, stronger and faster devices with more bells and whistles.....!!!!!
Don't get Munsoned on Friday night!
Get out to Bowl Hi Lanes in Huntley!
So nice to be in
Devon : Morning Bro :D
Good luck and have fun!
Will give more of a heads up next time.
I think I only announced it the day before.
Contest was on May 2nd.
sending copy to vo talent now.
Haha
Good news though, the badge works with past check in's, so if you're on your foursquare 95 grind already, you're in good shape
Hello Friends!
We will be closing the shop today due to the unsure weather.
We will be home in our snuggies and doctornking hot chocolates!
XO
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Ask questions in job interviewsit shows interest.
2009 Universal Studios Halloween Horror Nights to include Chucky, Jigsaw and a new Wolfman.
A scary time to be had by all.
MAC PROTIP: just discovered that when you have two windows open, you can instantly toggle between them by hitting at once
i hope i win that guitar;
Look like Coach is going to another Stagg Bowl...history
Last night in the chi.
Whats the plan?
no no no it was not me
Who is this DUMB BITCH on ALSHARPTON show?????These republicans are so damn respectful and heartless...uuuuughhhh
HES SO MUCH HOTTER IN PERSON OMG
Stocking stufferers: Nirvana's Aztec  Caramel Sea Salt bars are now back in stock.
We're open for 8 more hours today!
Our other ingredients are vegetable cellulose, rice brand and silica.
No unnecessary fillers or synthetic chemicals.
You cannot be mad at somebody who makes you laugh  it's as simple as that.Jay Leno
He Is Risen!!!
I like working out first thing in the morning.
Its a great way to get the day started.
My energy level is high in the morning
need sim cutting service in nyc  pls advise!
Low Key I Want A Main..
Saturday is the official MAGAZINE 60th issue release party !!
ON 40THST  VAN BUREN ..IT WILL BE OFF DA CHAIN
Happy New Year!
doctoram Chasers stand up and make Reality!
you're a bad person.
: Here's to failing, bailing and to the great railing my exams are about to give me CTL
Seems former State Rep.
Joe Moody no longer lives in House District 78, according to new interim redistricting maps.
When I first became attracted to the Flowery Kingdom I secured all the copies of Confucius possible.
Homer Lea, 1905
So great to be outside!
Lots of vendors!!
Come stop by!
LastTimeIChecked you made a promise, so keep it!
My confidence always pulls me through the toughest of battle fields, and I somehow walk away confidently  Rose B Mashigo
I guess do u
Better luck tonite Wisconsin ...
We trynna put a end to this tonight
What an amazing time at !
What was the coolest thing you saw?
I liked him but didn't love him last night.
Also think Casey and Jacob killed it!
Guys are way better this year.
but made by Canadians.
Not so much made in USA if your only using our parts but hire Canadian company to build them
Some good things about working until 4am on NYE is waking up completely sober AND with money in my wallet.
: Good night live from Germany TeamArmy gn
Yea but the color of the letters are different so even a person with an STD can find a person with 1  get laid too.
On the DL.
Can I get a yard sign that says No More College Flunk Outs for Governor of Wisconsin
You're very welcome.
So done doing shit for u if ur gonna cry like a little bitch ugh u poss me off sometimes act like a man not a kid fucktard!!!
i hate when someone txts me the same question over  over
Proud of you guys  so deserving
hahaha I know I am!
Where are you?
I haven't seen you today and I miss you :
I read that telegram :D
Thanks!
Me too, I feel pretty sassy!
:
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things.
Benjamin Mays
missed xfactor tonite need to on go kojo's timeline to see what i missed.
Back On My Grind!
I am rolling the dice and ordering Indian tonight...
have never EVER had any good Indian in LA...
you get one more chance!
Good deed of the day: save a ducks life :'
Please note this weekend's Meet  Greet will be at the Domain from 10  12 Saturday.
Come visit with our Wees!
Over 20 dogs for adoption.
Metalocalypse back in rhythm without missing a beat.
KLOKIKON slides back into the 11min run time like a bloody glove.BRUTAL
Pretty sure he gave me mano
likes doesn't pay the bills.
What are you thinking about right now?

Skool Picking up my report card
Me and are awesome.
Just sayin
Thanks to those who bought a CO flag shirt in 2011!
You helped support the Colorado Local First campaign!
Thank you again for the fabulous interview!
We absolutely LOVE what you are doing in business and in life
Customer support at is top notch.
Thanks for helping me work out registration issues at www.sportingmembership.com
Trusting you but I'm still scared of losing you :/
I just became nervous that future generations would view movies like New Years Eve and Valentines Day as holiday classics.
The people that complain about the attention they get are often the ones that crave it the most
No problem!
Phone interview today!
Hopefully finishing the thesis today!
Running on very little sleep today!
Probably won't get much sleep tonight!
cantwait RT : k thanks !
cant wait to see you guy's!
I'll just go shopping by myself
Farmers' Market to resume soon  Fort Scott Tribune
hungry af,,guess I gotta go to this lame ass caf
Avitar changed due to request.
Gotta keep my tweeps happy.
Might go outside and ride my longboard : Sweat pants hair tied tho Don't wanna get doctorssed : txt me Dm me for the number :
People who have no longterm goals  ambitions don't get along with me.
And that suits me fine.
It was.
hahaha
MOTHERFUCK A FRAUD
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
Be aware that you might experience light depression PostRace due to a huge dip in endorphins.
To all my followers that love TSC tweet SAVETHECIRCLE Lets try to save TSC!!!!!
Everton finish above you eh?
Reds hurt by blues all round I guess.
Part 2 of last tweet  And the Texas Attorney General's Office is Pissed!!
Great article MUST READ!
A person with knowledge of the Self remains detached from the world.
He realizes that the Self within is beyond the body, mind, intellect..
Minnesota.
Back in the dojo on Monday.
cc:
Listening to Roger Bobb, former EVP at Tyler Perry studios in the producers master class.
PVIFF check out his new company Bobbcat Films
lmao I know I text him telling him they suck at txting he said they're at the gym lol
Gagged from smell of my own fart
I checked out youtube channel, i kinda like it
no problem!
thanks for checking it out.
Plenty, plenty I got to much of this shiiit .
Thanks for the mention!
We appreciate the support!
I'm meeting up with people there but not like going with anyone!
Yeah we should go together!
It'll be fun:
goodmoring twitbabes hope everybody has a good day
whoever is laziest buys a round of doctornks???
hahahah i always feel out of place!
We in the store my sister know every body
Are you following us on Twitter?
If not, you should be!
We have a MAJOR announcement coming soon and we'll be making it here!
yeah.
There was a great paper on this after Prop 8 demonstrating that Black voters didn't overwhelmingingly vote for it.
Happy FF MKE!
Great people to follow this week Have a great weekend all!!
i almost barfed running.
But dude!
Boys track was there..purr;;
No matter how right you are.: .a man will never win an arguement with a woman
STUDY TIME
theres never a wrong time to eat tacos..
how do u say it?
wtf.
that looks dangerous!
: Is tunein radio having issues?
Apparently offline.
found out how to spell his name?
Biggest Ball of Twine in Minnesota.
By far!
weekendoctorck RT: Weekend Rock poll: What's the best song?
and were on the national Spanish exam...
Guys:why do girls complain bout weight all the time Its annoying...
Guys: ew fat chicks...
Sorry ladies for some of our disrespectful boys
ok im calling out to singapore chasters and malaysian chasters for LIVE STREAMING!!!
Entrepreneurs: how have you defined your personalbrand?
TREADMILL!!!!!
Adding a few more minutes, today.
bet you won't tweet an Eagle Scout back.
: shut up punk!
Ouch
What a sweet  mushy vday poem I just got from the hubby!
Sure do luv that man!!!
wrote a widget
Absolutely nothing good will come out of this new interest in Parkour
The Marv Albert Miami shout out!
Still with the lightbulb thing?
That futurama episode?
I love what Charlie is doing!
No one else has the balls to stand up like that!
If you can give us time, location, direction and 4 digit bus number we can look into these incidents.
Thank you.
I'm SO sad!
Dick Clark has died.
He was 82 years old.
WE WANT CERVELLI NOW..SEND THAT OTHER CATCHER DOWN BUT KEEP STEWART
Throwing an Arabian whip double double tomorrow idgaf judge me usasf.
Timeshare is a waste of money if you dont use it.
Why pay a resale company for nothing when we can get you
Wow  I literally just said I should be cast as JessicaRabbit in a remake of Who Framed Roger Rabbit and today it is trending?
haha.
That was my only reaction, my friend.
he's in Miami now, but im sure he goes Florida every spring break like this year?
Just about everytime I get on twitter I shake my head in frustration.
Touch your bottom lip to your top lip please!
Meetings with our colleagues from the publishing house in the Netherlands.
So much more gets done when people can meet face to face!
Havent been on Twitter..
I feel left out lol
On your eczema question, we wish we knew right away to check for food allergies
Some people are so oblivious..
it's the western conference finals...
Not a regular game
i'm saying, they need to hurry because my eyes are slowly closing
This life is fun
JUST KEEP WRITING
So who is going to win on your bracket?
Got it set?
just for fun of course!
When are you going to go take the test?
thanks for letting us know we are working on fixing the problem :
I need a beer....and a hot dog
Uhh nvmd!
I just tried to sign up as Crys  they recommended HunnyCrys  ImpressivePlatinum.
O.o
that is not the issue, proving you don't know the difference between A citizen and natural born citizen
Oh, Bloody Coffee is a good one, HAHA!!
Yes!
Use that name :
Jack Nicklaus  Johnny Miller basically just said goodbye Tiger, hello Rory.
Juice loving Seattleites, debuts this Sunday!
I'll be gone, please stop by  slug back some juice in my name.
well I'm here for days and I'm ready to party !
don't fret!!
I've got some wheatfree for you!
Let me know how we can get you some!
Don't know if he even recognized me, but I deleted the Tweet just in case.
; Don't want to feel bad all over again!
I don't know your number?
VIP Nation isnt working
Hopefully my future wife plays tennis.
Other wise, I'll have to hit with other women.
I hate when people tell me what to do.
Viola Davis is the truth!
We have to continue to tell our stories!
I THOUGHT HE MOVED!!
And possibly fuck.
but mostly cartoons.
Sam Levenson: One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination.
I'm not sure what kind of animal is...
Picked up Expilion 500 headlight from Very nice!
No more commuting home using only batlike echolocation.
Did I really need 50 hair feathers?
Probably not.
..Its because of young folk like this our culture will never die.
Hip hop for life.
Really applies to tucking anything into shorts.
Looks like mom/wife doctorssed you before you left the crib
I'm excited to read it!
Let's get lost tonight.
our family had a fantastic lunch with u today!
Great to have u in the Lou!
sad cross country is almost over for the summer tomarow for me is the last day but its all good i plan still run with team friends
Sometimes its good to find distance from all the crazy emotions that writing a book can bring up.
I feel normal again!
Hurray!
Trust issues...
hi rosalie darling!
its bella's mom.
Oh, sweet lord, I do love Doritos.
First bag I've opened in years  wow, they're addicting.
Must move on to M  Ms before I eat them all.
This paper is gonna be brutual...feel free to come to the lib and help me anyone
I do now.
RT : What a gorgeous day!
The ocean is filled with the most beautiful rainbows!
Thank you.
If you still talk about it you still care about it
Is it Saturday yet?
Hello twitter world!
Pretty excited about this upcoming weekend, taking lots of pics of the kids and their grandma.
;
hey!
Ur amazing me and my friend r very inspired by u.
Please hit us up, we think ur lovely
Booked my flights!
Oh of course!
what tweet??
For the love of god, people, PLEASE stop sneaking sour cream into guacamole.
No dairy should touch avacado, ok?
: We won't work out if you don't love The Smiths.
Thinking about getting me some chickfilA
has sex dice!
MASSAGE, FACIAL, MANICURE, PEDICURE....Call 3015850888 and ask for Barbara and you get 15percent off any service this week
I can handle missing TheVoice tonight, but definitely not Smash.
Dev is being a buttface to Karen!!
yes  the horrors of procrastination
Didn't that happen in Seinfeld?
One of the guys threw a golf ball at a whale and it plugged the blowhole.
RT : Social is one part technology, nine parts human behavior  Forresters Matt Brown, on stage at FCCF11  Amen, brother!
Thanks for the mention.
We appreciate it.
ya so u in 8th grade at swms right
wow...not trying to creep, but that photo came out beautifully.
Putting presentation and UX tips from CILDC into action today
Life is a series of hiccups.
The only cure is to hold your breath...
until you pass away.
great interview!
My Instagram never works anymore..
Feeling all kinds of happy today!
hey there!
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Mad men is the best show on tv right now.
Money heightens all five senses....
l want 50 retweets on something!
Your fine, just get a hold of me when you get home.
Have a good day at work.
Love you
I only have 2 assignments left until i'm DONE with this semester!!!
of course man!
That song is solid!!
Hahaha!
That's EXACTLY what he was doing.
Yes with some colors you dont need to bleach your hair.
Yes it is and it was all I could do not to go for one.
5FactsAboutMe Im allergic to dairy
nicki minaj makes me get in a mood.
Hey guess what...Radiohead is a shitty band.
Deal with it band wagon fans.
I hate it that it happened to her.
She found GUM on that seat in Speed and charmed a nation.
welcome back
yeah, what was that all about?
I saw an F16 hauling ass over Fort Ward.
I think that's a 1st RT : Whenever I end up on Mendeley.com, I keep expecting it to be a UNATCO website.
Will dothanks!
Sex scenes always make me horny...
Check out some new tunes by The BabyEaters!
www.mynoisyplanet.com/tHeBaByEaTeRs
goodnight boo
I knew it would be like this...
as says...
Nailbiter till the end...
And the collapse continues..
Rick Perry is coming to speak at AU?
I'm no fortune teller, but I predict this event will be a circus.
Man, you must be using a different edition of that book than I am.
Yours sounds a lot cooler
FollowFriday bomb coming.
You've been warned.
Philip Philips!!
If he goes home im gonna be so mad!
I see it as 'public'  a reflection of corporate world with the human bit thrown in  but always aware of dangers
We'll only be friends.
I do it all the time!
That awkward moment when you chew on someone else's pen.
Americans typically consume 7 billion Hot Dogs between Memorial Day and Labor Day.
Diggy vs.
J.Cole may actually be good for hiphop.
I'm sure something else will pop up tomorrow ..
or the next day ...
or the next day.
Austin's pure perfection.
I still make videos!
Follow me on Keek
Shmaltz U Love: Pastrami at Kenny and Zukes, Beef brisket at Wise Sons, Mile End Deli, Pickled Tongue Caplanskys
Gonna spend the day spoiling my mamma.
: 3
I don't understand whining about corporations.
Nike's workers will say, At least we have jobs.
Shut the Front Door, Yankees!
IsItMyFault that im not taken?
RT : Bra shopping is worse than bathing suit shopping.I demand the gov't do something 2 fix ths.my suggestion,stp wearing them!
hahaha shut your ass up with that TeamDarkskin!
Dems have had their careers ruined for the same thing.
good retweet Sir.
Please welcome monstweets to the Max life
Have a great day everyone!!
:
R.I.P.
HEAVY D  Joe Frazier :
hahaha nice one.
I'm interested to know how to read/scout a player making adjustments.
podcastQuestion i.e Pedoctor Alvarez  Duca
tell us the good the bad and the ugly of what you find on NYC streets!
thinking of you wearing it smiling ear to ear let me know where !
WhatIMissMost arms that fold around me and all the rest.........
so yu jus haven't been tweeting???
Best opening quarter by a QB in history??
looking forward to laying on the couch with my book all night long.
Are we still mad at Viola ?
Looooool .
If I had to guess our math professorssors actual job I would guess taxi doctorver in NYC.
lmao yeah girl.
I know sometimes I look like I am mall walking but shit at least we are out there!
Look at me now ay Look at me now ay im so fllyy Look at me now ay Look at me now ay im so sexy
Why you hook me up with that fat ass bald head ass girl lmao
how did it go?
5 min miles?
I feel bad about people in my sorority who are going to have to hear my crying about how inspirational Kevin Pearce is all winter.
Blah.
Just saw walk through Time Warner Center in NYC
thanks so much!
I love the merging of fashion and art museums!
Next up is the Yves Saint Laurent retrospective opening at the Denver Art Museum....
I scream, you scream, we all scream for gin.
GOODMORNING HOW ARE YOU LIKING MIAMI AUSTIN?!:D
YES !!!
I receive that, miss you ;
A month ago the Knicks had no point guard RT : Knicks PG's combine for 21 assists versus just 1 turnover.
better than loosing your lunch.
Helen just cleaned the bed sheets!
: aren't you coming on the 25th?
When mom makes me wear shoes for our fam portrait 
RT : Next week Ill give a speech: Saving the American Idea: Rejecting Fear, Envy and the Politics of Division:...
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow woof woof.
The only thing that can stop the Packers' offense...is the Packers' offense...
whoa WHOA lmao I'm just saying you suck you ain't gotta get all sensitive about it lol
BeforeYouExit , thomas: do you remember tarah, april,  mom from your indiana show?
: 
soo, i guess he choose to act funny on this day !
smh.
Need some Boozy treats for your SuperBowl Party?!
Call Me!
:
I don't even feel like tweeting, I'm just bored.
Many thanks to for your ever present support
thanks for following me!
I'm sipping some freshly brewed tea as I tweet!
what's your favorite tea?
good morning melissa
I have that effect on people ; LOL
oh ya herrry
: thank God for Sleep in Sundays.
On Wisconsin!
Should I go to London for the EPT or not?
Hm
Out running errands
Is there any humans here
I aint been on twitter at all today
It's raining in Pittsburgh but that doesn't slow us down
FB advice on that.
Need to know mechanics of doing it.
thinking about Tryna make it work wit my BD, for my kids, even if I am unhappy....oh god somebody stop me!!
Last day at Dscoop come by the New Page booth to win some great prizes
We're learning sex Ed.
Prepare for random and unusual tweets xD
Facebook really needs a 'no one gives a shit' button
Go inside
I bet I'm happier than you!
:P hee hee : Not even traffic can ruin my mood right now.
SmileyBoy
IM A directioner
RT : Jennifer Trainer Thompson, the Queen of Hot, will be appearing on the Food For Thought Stage with her new book...
Trying to get somebody mad?
Lol
awww yeah!
The big one!
Happy Early Bday what do you have planned?
I'm so funny...
MarkStevenJohnson borrowed Frost's Lockless Door for the opening sequence of
Carving out a new direction: somehow terrifying and peaceifying at the same time.
Life is really lifey right about now.
WowRob Wilson!
Career day, trending topic on twitter  all in all I'd say he's having a great day!
that's fine...yo momma played linebacker for the patriots!!!
MichaelLee is the best in the business!
Amazon rises to number 2 among tablets thanks to the Kindle Fire
Where is your boy tonight?
I hope he is a gentleman.
Come meet CSP at the Long Beach Grand Prix this weekend for great conversation and amazing weather!
Headed to VAM2012 tomorrow!
Looking forward to the learning...
how will content get attention when out of context?
My cheese flight en route to NYC was spectacular!
I want an Eye of Horus tattoo.
M
acehp12 excited about new products  services!
Which is why I'm now sitting here at this desk blinking like the Cheshire Cat with my mouth ajar ...
in that oh so Diddy tryna breave way.
Yes, absolutely.
I had Goodoctorads open while watching, marking down suggestions.
And I liked his emphasis on consistency.
True!
How did this happen?!
I was there the whole time!
I was looking for you guys!
giftexperts I am still shopping for everyone lol!
Follow me, and you'll see what I got ;
Good job mister.
Ward for kicking one of your best players off the team!!
The Greek burial crisis: With land a valuable resource, the state requires the recycling of cemetery space.
By Alex Mar  Slate...
ill follow
Are you going to be a permanent host on ?
I would love to see more of you on daytime TV.
It's totally OK to end a 3 day juice cleanse with Moscow Mules tonight right?
Dude my dad was reffing and talked to the lady!
I HATE doctorving with my mom , she's such a freaking weirdo about everything .
always screaming at me when im doctorving .
.
.
Trouble on my mind so much trouble on my mind..
thanks for the follow!
I could kinda get down to some Metallica right now...
Weird.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted
Embarrassingly rockin to the bieb boyfriend with
How is ya lls mothers day going ?!?!
EasyA!!
Agh could watch this over and over!!
and it would be good to follow me
Fuck I woke up.....
But P.T.
Was good
That's a tough one, but you can do it!
1plus1equals2 RT : math
what's that?
ah !
Tell me all about it!
On my still shoot we set up HMI sunlight  Brad Hall said, Isnt the Lord's light good enough 4 u?
one week I want to be phony laugh guy on
GOODBYE P90X...HELLO INSANITY!!
WOW this workout KICKED MY ASS HARD, but it felt so damn GOD!!
oh snap thats not good :
I don't use them, but I want them.
I spend my whole day looking at a screen, which means looking down my nose.
You must establish your doctorams and move quietly in the direction of attaining them.
I'm going Solo!
acoustic guitar
Egg white omlet, gym, then on to a productive day!!!!
Kobe would've hit both
VIVO, eaglei building dedicated ontologies for app behavior, distinct from resource representation.
Looks like MVC pattern to me.
I was at the polls bright  early but I was in Takoma Park canvassing w/ to get petitions for a ballot initiative
Wishing he had MLB TV.
Looks like I have to stick with ESPN's rookie analysis and crappy game selection this year.
The 70/20/10 'rule' was postulates around leadership development not learning in general.
Why don't people fact check before speaking?!?
thanks God to let me celebrate again an another birthday in this short life
spit diff hard at work on all sorts of badass shit you gunna like :D
If there really is a pie in the sky, we hope its filled with luscious cheeses, fresh veggies, and spicy meats.
That's great!
So glad to hear it.
And yes, the book is avail.
as a paperback on Amazon, BN, et al.
not all models are tall im not tall and i want to do it its called heels haha
that's a Tony Soprano kinda shirt and it looks DAMN GOOD on you
you do make the rounds on a daily basis.
So High I COuld Eat A STar!
Fighting Illini are Fighting Irrelevancy.
Groce hire was last resort.
Lesson learned: Dont fire coach til u have REAL replacemnt
...
and visiting a musuem creates a beautiful day!
In a restaurant having cocktails....
You?
Consistency: are your kids living with you and another parent part time?
Same rules will help them feel safe vs.
split.
Either Brett Favre's up to his old tricks or someone's been watching too much Blue Mountain State.
And we all look like fools.
At the Great Plains Public Health Leadership Institute: awesome leaders, presentations, and public health work.
Goodnight Everyone:
Watching T.I and Tiny 
Thank you you have inspired me.
I am enchanted!
One sip and you'll know It's nobody's fault
Doubt it :/
Mika's Love Today is putting me in a really good mood.
Probably cause his voice going so high is amusing
Note to self: read it out loud to myself next time and see what it sounds like!
if I get doctornk enough first I'm sure I'll have no problem spending 30 bucks on it.
EVERBODY GO SEE s COVER OF DOING IT WRONG KAY?
its amazing : js..
No wonder we have so many spammers.
love you guys!!
x
the way LL Cool J licks his lips ;
Always do sober what you said you would do doctornk.
That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
Ernest Hemingway
Haha Im writing a story.
And I needed an idea and i finally got one :D
thank you for RTing
Learned some new techniques for trading the emini's on the weekend from my mentor.
Wow.
It works like a charm almost 100 of the time.
best of luck tomorrow.
You'll be back to doctorpping bombs in BP like I saw you do in Omaha in no time.
Congrats bro
check out this site for some great baseball insight...scout406baseball.com is going to blow up big!!!
True story!
Got back from voting about an hour ago.
Ballot machine was acting up so hopefully it all made it in ok.
I kinda wish I was at HL7WGM...
There's a few interesting folks here, though
Several hundoctord marchers moving from near Saturday market in the direction of Pioneer Courthouse square.
Chanting, but staying on sidewalk.
If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee  that will do them in.
Ha!
Friday is here!
Voodoo
Thanks for the follow!
I'll be sure to stay with you soon!
Any job openings?
Chicago might have to be my next city.
;
Raffle tickets are selling like hotcakes!
20 for a wingspan.
thank you for following
I guess I'm going to have to buy a 18 Broncos jersey.
SVU or one of the others?
So fuckin excited for this weekend!
Checkin out our boyz in tonight and we headline the Gothic Theater on Sunday!!
Hope 2 C ya!
awww !
that is so sweet : yeah sleep probably is an issue : are you working a lot too?
Try enjoying a suckers without using your teeth!
It's hard.
Studying in the campus center all day for finals.
The next week is going to be crazy
Delaware City News endorses Paul Johnson for reelection to his council seat and the position of Vice Chair of the Town Council!
I'm glad you approve!
In the process of due dilligence for launching a family friendly media company
If they push that button, you're ass got to go
I'll give you an invitation..to a back arching, toe curling
I think Dunham's interest in performing her body type in such an open way is compelling.
I also like her delivery.
we'll be making our announcements here
Arg..
Is the Twitter app for Facebook broken?
bummer, didn't get the memo, busy washing babies instead.
Water is LIFE!
...2 cups of water upon awakening.
GOOD for the organs!
Your Organs Need Water Everyday!
Apparently job seekers in NYC are just as sleepy as those in Twin Cities b/c now I have witnessed someone sleeping at a job fair both places
you need to stop
I'm all for the rain.
.BUT NOT TODAY!
!
: As of February 2011, there are 6 people in the U.S with the name Derp.
You know what's awesome?
Your fridge/freezer breaking 2 weeks after the dishwasher broke.
Yay homeownership.
The busy person's conundoctorm: I've cleaned off my desk, and now can't find my to do list.
thank the lord summer is here..
Pools,coronas,swimsuits...
Should I stop this  doctor
Hey every one!
we're so excited to be able to share your work!
RT so excited to be part of this!
My old friend tori sindlinger misses me lol .
I miss all my weird white friends before I became mad popular
No review or even mention of Palm Pre on GeekBrief now that it's out?
Surely you're not THAT much of an iPhone fangirl.
Crazy stupid love is the best movie ever :
thanks: I sent my good buddy to iNG tonight.
He loved it!
Not surprised though.
So much talent
Area 31 Tonight!!!!!
No cover be there!!!
wasn't aware of that last night, thanks for the clarification.
RT Bears and sharks are scary, but w/ the Stork's ability to bring you a random baby, it has to be the most terrifying animal
you are our favorite rapper
Photo tip: Pull your subjects away from the wall that they've automatically walked to for your shot.
I intend on sending you the full length film too.
Slide me your addoctorss again and I'll have them sent this week.
FUCK THAT PARADE OMG
Let the cookie induced coma begin.
Where in La Cantera is the Sur la Table located?
Must kill that is even more beautiful when crying.
Therapy and anger management should be on her todo list.
I'm mean pieces, I went to Richmond Hi what do u expect.
Lol
anybody want some brewers tix for tonite?
Most people spend their time trying to find someone to sleep with, I'm just trying to find someone worth waking up to
So glad has a new TNF broadcast crew.
It was a pain to watch before
Could be worse.
She could give the money to those on the ground who prop long the Middle East conflict.
go tan to white selff chikkkkkaaaaaaa
Questions heat up!
On the floor now, what changes would you make the development policies in the city and specifically transparency of BDC
Great idea!
Can we enforce one ticket one seat for Northeast Regional?
Too many seats taken up by just one person and their belogings.
thx!
to the JackOff who hacked my account, my wish to life long ring sting with no relief
Hey Rikkeep me posted on your shows!
I'll try to check my twitter more often since I'm still not on FB!
Thx for all yr help Wed!
what's that
So nerdy.
So fantastic.
RT Watching Cosmos on Netflix.
Give up on what?
Can't wait to see the new choreography!
Inspired :
Love football more than any other sport but the NFL doctorft is so boring!!
I am finally getting my engagement ring resized!!
How much is the New PR Pros social at for members?
Everyone pls pray for my niece who was born yesterday by emer c sec  was transferred to the childoctorn's hospital for respiratory prpblems!
23 days till i turn 15
The hottest guy in the world doesnt follow me back please follow me u follow my other two accounts
ROBERTT GUESS WHAT!!!
manhattan  internet  amazing
The arrow piece is harder to watch than Burdens shoot.
last night was a crazy one at pink elephant.
hotties everywhere.
tonight the party takes flight at Retreat nightclub nyc at 12am!
No, Caddyshack was 1980, : Caddyshack, Footloose, Top Gun.
When you order imaging for a patient, you should be confirming a diagnosis, not trying to find one.
William Moreau DC
Thanks, Michael!
I appreciate the kind words!
but I lived in TENNESSEE at the time!
So ridiculous.
And then even though I had no CA addoctorss they wouldn't give me my 6mos back
Do do do da da da is all I have to say to you.
man if your on twitter and you're name or bio has AmbitiousGirl...you get this face  that fits into
We made a lot of progress on our new website this weekend.
Hoping to finish soon.
Update complete!
Just photoscouted Orchestra of St.
Luke's DiMenna Center.
Photographer walked in the big room and said WOW!
Great feeling.
I was all like, 'yeah, I'm going to write a super awesome letter for my Mom for this Sunday' ...Now i'm sat here with writers block.
I love me some pink floyd, styxx, rush, def leopard!!!
Giving 10 of biz professorts in 2011 to battered babes and sick/needy kids.
NOT the one's where Momma sits on the porch bullshittin' all day!
My Celtics lookin to finish this series tonight
Who's getting Stinky tonight?!!
Beach today!
Whenever the Vikings are a good team you use the how many Super Bowl rings argument.
and that's just through the visual system.
Doesn't count any of our other senses or receptors.
How could I possibly be expected to handle school on a day like this?
Ain't that some shit...
On the bright side, ethier extends his hitting streak to 28 games..
4 more to pass all time leader!
that's what's up
Wow I worked out twice today!!
Hour at the gym followed by !!!!
Feel so good
practice tomorrow night, nothing in november but the three shows in december will be here soon enough.
any requests?
37 of battery ..
re: rappelling.
if we ever do a story like that, i'll be your standin.
as long as I don't have no felonies I can shoot out there right??
In the event you think that some day it is going to occur, some day it possibly will occur.
I don't know what time it is but I know its time to eat
The band in the studio next to me is covering Steely Dan and KILLING IT.
They are probably not thinking the same thing about us.
Fisher and blake shouldve traded jerseys for a second...
Convincing ourselves that we lack any real gifts or have nothing to contribute leaves us with an aching void  disconnected to Spirit.
Lets go Yankees!!
Hoping Nova can rebound tonight!
: I really really need to go shopping.
nojoke...
I need money first!
nice.
Remember the free gtmw tix next time you dislike your job / encounter a disgruntled bar or shop owner :
okay!
I will :
DC sports :
MLB: Caple: Kendoctors Morales' wait is over The Angels' Cuban import is back from injury and ready to hammer away
Way better than what i heard earlier, funny how ppl force themselves to say and do things but whatever
Quote of the day: It sounded amazing, like someone got out some bondo and fixed the shit out of the Pyramids.
not really
hopefully you'll stop being a weirdo : lol love you scotty bear 3
If you want a feature with me hit up my manager .......
Don't bother if you ain't talkin 
We're all dying.
Oh lalalalala I'm about to slay myself.
Smokin on loud
when I die I want to be reincarnated as one of your cats.
I'm a beast at hungry, hungry hippo ;
Good morning  smh
Pinball 101 came in the mail today!
you don't smell bad, I love you???
Ugh, standards get in the way of everything.
/via
want to feel how it is to be poor in a hot humid summer amongst the third world or even here?
Just go to the garage and sit a few minutes!
Tomorrow is Pi Day, you guys.
Do your best Coach!
Give me a call sometime.
used to love amazons....but now misses her husband fiercely.
dollars  absence  passionate true love .........
tell me!
Nothing like a good hill workout w/
Same adjective you used to describe Citi Field food preview.
Does that mean you're going to eat this guy?
Awesome...
Foster the people concert was amazing!
I recommend everyone seeing them live :
dsi11 created a community in conversation around issues of technology in research  lib arts education
LMAO I love my thug followers.
Schell Light on tap at Bryant Lake Bowl
youre insane.
and the answer to your question is no.
;
I was thinking it would be a Dunce cap.
Interesting to note 4 out of the top 10 are Hilton products.
This list is also based on size of property.
Hello there, the angel from my nightmare.
Sometimes we improvise like everyone but us has a script.
There.
Is.
Nothing.
Special.
About.
50ShadesAwful.
It is not rescuing relationships all across the U.S.
PORN is rescuing relationships.
must win The Voice....I lalalalallalove him!
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina...Tortellini bro do...ravioli Florentine...Greek Lemon Chicken...Tomato Basil Ravioli...Minestrone...M
living in KY makes you tweet things like that!
true that!
Bout to tap
excellent.
A pleasure to meet you, also.
If you don't believe you are the best...go home and play playstation because there's nothing but being the very best.
I've never massaged a pig in my life.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you have a car but you don't even have your permit.
RT Dimitar Sasselov just revealed that NASA's Kepler telescope has uncovered HUNdoctorDS of new earthlike planets.
Incredible.
doctor Eva Bellin: The events of the Arab Spring have confirmed many truisms held about authoritarian regimes.
Its packed ...At the Grand Bohemian tonight
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Passover!
Found the book Outwitting the Devil I'm so excited to read it.
We Movin No Need Ta Stand Still..
MA TEAM WINNIN BITCHES!!
Today is the last day for the BMW contest.
Make sure your friends tweet us that they're following us because of you.
We are selling a preowned PC laptop and Desktop for 599.
Call us to learn more 404.629.5200.
guess I'm not going to anything Carrie related in NYC this week.
so bummed out right now :
I'm a terrible archivist in my personal life.
Definitely have lots of stuff in shoeboxes.
learning things i never knew about the master cleanse!
jags def but its a pretty wack MNF game
The first thing that entered my mind after watching Peggy was  check Twitter, this is going to be good
Ain't ready for this work day
Just burnt my tongue.
I kept eating...
in Punta Cana this week  no Chi Town on the horizon what about 'choo?
omg i love you im a vlogger to do you play the doctorms i do
And I doctoram of some day marrying a girl who is as passionate about gaming as I am
Yes Im ready and excited for u!!
Cant wait to dance to our shit lol and thats calls for a celebration!
Google Play Store gift cards: not a bad idea  Andoctorid Authority
show the REO Entertainment adventure continues Club Globel Cannon doctorve Beverly Hills UCLA Realtor and USC att executive up 2 bat
I may or may not be spending my 21st birthday in Boston.
Do you remember Desi's friend Eddie?
That's who I'd be living with.
sounds exciting and tiring all at once ;P
RIPLoti.
He had cancer and died last night.
You will be missed.
3
THE HOTTEST MIXTAPE DJ IN THE SOUTH AK THA RAZORMAN NO PULL OUT COMING SOON
I'm not sure why I'm watching the X Files, but I'm intrigued by Scully's outfits.
I like my men like I like my tea; HotBritish WithSomeIrishCreme
thanks sweetie LOL
: Tell Pop the Gomez book tweet started with Cool!
Thanks,
director tammy tumbling awesome speaking herworld.
Spoke 2 1000 girls encouraging them 2 pursue college and careers
so unbelievably exhausted and sleep deprived.
i'd kill for a nap but of course, there's no time.
:
Debuting the 60 second hoodie at the ISS SHOW IN Long Beach, CA
some godawful officiating in this game.
Just being in DC feels like something VERY INTENSE is about to happen.
Blame West Wing  K Street  Homeland and every Harrison Ford movie
Today is a great day!
The weatherman's wrong...no rain.
Got up early: finished paper, laundoctor, a little work.
they finally have WiFi to LA?
of course it does, not that i'm not going up regularly.
well, yeah for you.
:
thank you for the RT!
tell her I said Happy birthday sweetie
i can be so insecure sometimes, its scary.
My wife and I were once turned down by a dog shelter because we had jobs.
Haha did anyone else see Tiger Woods at the Stanford game?
He looks like an alien!
He reminds me of Kif from Futurama lol
The Worst Couple is on NO!!!!!
Distinguishing the qualities of happiness and pleasure is essential to discovering our best self.
Jim Woods
Thank you!
eff it, i'm watching 'homeland'
RT Youthful behavior criminalized with Juvenile Crime act of 1974
Lights Are On at The Makery
I wanna another tattoo and Luffy told me to get a pic of the monster trio on my right fore arm..
monstertrio luffy zolo sanji.
: The Funk Roberts 6 Week Jump Training Program.
massive size
check out this months issue of San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles we are featured under the article What's the new green under smart control
I need some sleep
If ya ask me,RayJ is the villain.
He put Kim Kardashian on the map and took Whitney off it.
Snowed lightly in Charleston just now.
NWS confirmed 3 tornados in state Friday.
Next you will say it will be like spring by Friday ...
Singing cheerful songs to a person with a heavy heart is like taking someone's coat in cold weather.
RT : where r u fools?// By the lobby
I got an extra ticket....
Unify customers: You can still win a free Unify license!
Follow  tweet w/ your Unify url  unifygallery.
First 10 win!
thanks so much!
hey please follow: it would mean a lot!!
I felt the need to mention it since I saw the news that the Ohio Legislature shot down a bill allowing it.
Sadness.
TeamFollowBack, follow me , i jus follow u
KET debate between my opponent and me starts in 15 minutes.
Don't forget to tune in at 8:00.
if I may jump in I would say it is about clear expectations!
But it is fun!
Why does everybody have to be so mean to each other?
Why can't we all just be happy?
QoTD: Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped.
Some ppl hate the glow : D
Who do U prefer...demi lovato OR miley cyrus ?
Lest VOTE
I love icarly so much it is my favorite show I don't cARE WHAT YOU THINK.
Economist: Housing shortage coming in 2011, from msn.com, what are these guys smokin??
Hahaha well that sucks for you :P
In a postseason of kickers shanking, the youngest one just blasted it sure as shit
Rick Perry will have a news conference in South Carolina at 11 a.m.
ET to announce that he is leaving the race.

Taken  Single  Mentally dating a celebrity that has no idea you exist.:
I wanna go outside and play
Umm think it's time to write some poetry.
Gay.
Come on guys, sign up online...we have summer camps waiting to offer you jobs and the summer of a lifetime!
your welcome:
Oh fuckk i have to be at school by 7:30.
the secret is you have to bathe in the blood of virgins!!!
Forever youth secrets!
I know what you mean...It made me blush when I heard the Fresh Prince shout out 1989 on my car stereo yesterday.
Love what you share with us Appreciate you energy A must follow for inspiration And Thought
They are not different.
Three morning shoots, prop shopping, then shooting two hockey games made for an eventful day.
Editing trying to meet deadlines.
RT : Goodmorning tweets, Couldn't get up so I overslept.
How you doing?
good
As we predicted, AAPL hits 300 today.
Excellent options trade.
too short
well it looks as fabulous as the 400 Million Dollar Emerald, the current show on National Geographic Channel right now lol
I put red bull in my coffee pot this morning instead of water.
Right now I can see noises....
I wanna be remembered long after I'm gone.
Light weight aha shut up u tricked me!
Lol
Dessert at last
marketers should avoide these stereotypes: nerdy Asian guy, Fresh off the boat, unable to attract women, butt of joke
have you seen his 'love is evil' youtube clip?
it is hilarious.
And love like crazy.
Ugh...
huge nerd Dan Lipinski continues to insist on carrying around a pocketsized version of the U.S.
Constitution at all times
Heading to Houston for the Birkman User's Conference.
Looking forward to spending time with my fellow Birkman peeps!
And, seeing doctor B!
Thanks, I'll check them out.
I know the feeling!
Miss.
St.
Thank you for throwing bottles at Kentucky.
Next time, can you throw them at Duke instead?
Thanks.
Psalm 19:14 Let the WORDS of my MOUTH, and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy SIGHT WordsMouthSight
Would you like to win a signed Deryk Engelland puck?
Just retweet this message and we will pick a winner later today
hey check out mi professorle of facebook
It's official.
I'm in love with Tyson Ritter.
Holy hell.
I heart The Apprentice RT : Omg Donald Trump was listening to us this morning!
Badgers QB Russell Wilson on : I went to an unbelievable place tremendous coach in great coord.
in.
I sensed a little sarcasm in there tis okay tho.
Wow, that got here fast!RT 1 month countdown until graduation!
Getting more nervous by the day...
missed you today!!
Check out the August issue of the Business Journal of Milwaukee.
Hatch Staffing was named one of the Top Milwaukee Workplaces!
Omg I need to deactivate my fb.
Got hacked by dumb fucks
only in denver but its goin well :
What will happen first...
NFL Lockout end or the Pittsburgh Pirates fall under .500?
Blake Griffin is still over hyped.
And overrated.
And you are all buying into it.
Goes to show that ESPN decides who's good or not.
The best part of ThePitch is reading the tweets from other ad agency people as it airs.
I like the show, which means it's doomed.
IM MAKING COOKIES
wow that's I crazy ..
hiphop is back?
Just noticed well been thinking..
All this talk best in class towing whatever Ford, Chevy,  Toyota says.
Who really is the best?
My ears are KILLING me  Ear infection is coming back.
Guess its time to pay another visit to the doctorsince I've been sick for a month
But thanks for Friday pm assistance!
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else  Judy Garland
pumpkin beer is awesome...try smuttysnose if you can, it's the best one I've tried so far.
Which one are you doctornking?
I love the Monkees.
Sad day.
Brother and I grew up watching reruns of the show and listening to cassettes of their music.
That rare occasion of a cute boy coming in m thank god i look cute today
disagreed.
How does a coach completely undo what Kiffin F'd up in 2 years?
Give me a break.
Get real and give the guy 5
1/2 of the NY Smiths will be on tonight's episode of The Office  Tune in if you get a chance!
IfItWasUpToMe Count Chocula and Boo Berry would ComeOutToPlay on Safeway shelves twelve months a year
I love az.
Tucson to be exact.
This is hometown for me.
This is gonna be a summer to remember.
So stoked.
I will love you like you love me, unconditionally...
i needa stop re tweeting shit.
Wishing a happy birthday to the lovely !
aww sorry we missed you.
Rest up for Friday.
At work, feeling like blah
what's one piece of advice you feel is invaluable for a new band to hear?
I have no time to waste and less time to waste it in...JAH BLESS..
HEY!
Waddup?!
:D
any PLUMBERs around for advice how to make water come out of a tap faster?
the end hole is too big, too much water coming out
ProudOfHarry We love you Babs!
3 Good job.
Don't listen to what the haters say.
You did awesome.
Love you lots.
:D
Ok so they cut a huge chunk of ASIB but left HOB virtually untouched......Hm yeah don't like it.
Thank God for the BBC.
Brody on FUSE: ironically the digital extras created for it are now useless.
the posters, in turn, remain.
I can't wait for you all to hear the new record...not to far from the finish now.
so he's a stop gap until/if Grady returns?
interesting.
RT : The feature film has bn revamped  i'm so excited 2 B producing a film that tells the story of What wld U do 4 luv?
Well hello !
Thx for the follow.
How's Door County?
A little advice for everyone , do not talk to me after at least 30 min of me being awake/semiawake, even if I role over a
a personal thank you from the star of the film?
Priceless!
I hope shooting is a breeze tomorrow.
Best of luck!
lol!
good one.
:P
We often have to do that, but the law and evidence are the focus.
I would defend her, but it would be VERY different.
do wuts smart...
not wuts COOL!!!...
How many people go on this account?
Obliged for the RT.
I wish my girl was here right now...feelin kinda low about mothers day...need some cheering up
Hey, you there.
Bring me some cake.
I'm good!
Lots of great movies coming out soon!
:
Making some phone calls to make sure people know about the Singles Fall Retreat  September 2527, 2009.
just keep smiling just keep smiling just keep smiling just keep smiling just keep smiling .
:
RT : GARTH BROOKS is headlining a NashvilleFlood relief concert on Dec 17.
We haven't forgotten.
WeAreNashville!!!
Calling B.'s foxes domestic is a pervasive error.
Jrue can't do that or were done
Yikes.
Considering a ceremonial delousing after reading that.
Peter struggled with that word!
Thirty minutes just vanished as I watched a show on the top 10 bombers of all time.
THIS is why I cannot have cable in my house.
There's still time for Balloon Explorium!
Head down today for some family fun, Activities run until 3pm today!
This page is hacked!!
Follow my new one for an
What is it?
Logical?
Not sure, but Tracy loves Dex's D RT : Is there a logical reason why Colvin has not been starting every day?
Life really does begin at forty.
Up until then, you are just doing research.
Carl G Jung
Love is like a brick, you can build a house or sink a dead body.
please tweet the phone number
On Cue lunch date with my hubs.
Life is full of irony.
It takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence  absence to value presence.
Going to get some new hair today...
So excited!!
Finding the right one well that the Life of a
Returned from Palm Springs Shorts FF as a melted puddle of goo.
Reasons: superlative film 117 degrees traffic all the way to LA
will you come chat with us when you come back to cali?
Lmao ik its always gonna be funny to me haha
Our magically colorful Zelda ocarinas come in 9hole, 12hole tenor,  double and triple models, with 3 and 3octave ranges respectively.
Primed for tonight's RoseBowl?
Fill your belly w/ today's Steak and Savory Potato Cakes topped w/ Arugula, Caramelized Peppers  Fonduta.
holy cow it's about time, bridge was under appreciated happy day
Someday I will go to SXSW.
.
.
Hugo is just 100 pure movie.
I guess.
Send us some rain!!!!!
OMG!!!!
TONIGHT'S REHEARSAL WAS AMAZING W/MY BROTHERS...
Love those guys!!!
School was lovely.
I'm tired.
Gonna ge make some tea and take a much needed nap.
Merisahs later?
creative RT : Working on getting these hands back Registered through the Government.
Reimold and Hardy ground out, Markakis lines out to left.
Nova makes quick work of the Orioles.
Yankees up 10
Today I'll be performing my civic duty.
That's right I have
I'm always at my job 30 mns early, chilling in the lunch room.
Haha ...
and and a Christmas song....life complete
apparently, they found people!
They overlook the backyard at Stubb's.
Excellent location, proximity to food trucks, etc.
Patron: Can you help me?
I got a text from WalMart saying that I won 1000.
Poor guy.
I had to tell him the news he didn't want to hear.
Also the list of retired records is down at the bottom of the spreadsheet.
Thanks for the kind words Rodney, and lovin the designs ORCL.
Especially BEENKNOWNMYSELF!
DC
True.
I want my 1st essay to be 10 pages.
I'll start my 1st page tomorrow.
You gave me an achievable goal.
What's your book about?
Delayed start tomorrow
demoralized on a Sunday night.
This is not a good way to start another 60 hour/12 class week.
I am the light of the world, whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but have the light of life.
John 8:123
TOURE CRIB...YOU SHOULD GO OVER THIS WEEKEND...
Bummer  most recent batch of I received REALLY stale.
Still tasty, but very hard to chew.
they should have rehab for doctornking soda...i swear ill be up in that bitchh errrdayyy...lol
out here trying to get bodied up.
Work, school, the usual!
fight me
Looking forward to your gauzy slogans.
i decided to change my name cuz i can and i dont like Black Veil Brides anymore.
i still like there music but thats it
is it too big?
Cain's first walk comes in the 4th inning.
He's thrown 54 pitches to this point.
it's on bros
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Always more to do.
Enjoy SoFla!
taking a shower ; touch me!
New Haven, Connecticut: uhh...
Sun.
Nov 13, 10am7pm  building MKE's largest ever bloody mary.
100 gallons!
Come help us doctornk it.
616 W Virginia St.
doctornking hot tea, listening to La Dispute and answering your emails at 9:30 at night?
Sounds good to me!
Shane.
we love you.
: I just let out a big David West style F YES!
Neighbors won't be happy about that.
That's better than the D West foul face
I hope that my severed tongue doesn't change our relationship.
LOL
Really sucks when your trying to sleep and you see something that gets you thinking  ruins your sleep..
2 key criteriaa to branding a community: Is it different.
Is it meaningful.
Kerriann, I am so proud to say that you are one of our outstanding PR students.
Congrats!
I met a lot of cats and mnobestvo thinkers, but the wisdom of cats is immeasurably higher.
Syracuse just said, Badgers?
we don't need no Badgers!
According to my Pinterest pins from tonight I'm really craving cake!
Fellas this weekend leave that BS at home in party like grown people
and are flooding my Instagram with their photos the need to go somewhere we don't wanna see y'all lol......
some bitches for denise and monika Bday
Worst headache of my life.
no idea why.
Thanks for including us in your Best Blogs post!
:
That's probably a good start for BP.
At least it's something!
WANT!!!
Pretty sure I could get the publisher to send me a review copy, but I really want one of yours!
LOL
sorry he's just really hot
RT : Trust me,MY boys will write in cursive.They'll also pick CASH songs by kindergarten both are music to this teacher's ears!
Doing the Carlton Banks dance in honor of 's birthday.
Happy 50th!
ugh I forgot I need to do that.
Today is a wonderful day!
I wanted an English degree when I was 18, but was talked out of it.
Ended up majoring in economics, then marketing
Faried is everything that is right in sports
Yes mam!
I'll be playing in front of Barney's Beanery from 24PM.
First 48 is where I get all of the local Louisville news updates.
food is my bitch.
One way to get a rose....buy
Sorry if anyone is getting messages from me I'm not sending them.
My smartphone won't let me change my passdword.
Says the guy who won't move anywhere South of Trenton, East of Newark, North of Paterson, and West of Orange.
That's no excuse!!
The best all around captainre software is Adobe Acrobat.
Make sure you have one license for the Pro version in your office.
Ancient remains of popcorn at 4,000 year old Peruvian archaeological site: physorg.com/news/201201a Another article
Msg to the nasty rodent that somehow got into my home today: R.I.P.
1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home  Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 6786535425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!!
Fixing me somethin to eat .
Tied with out Sullinger playing much.
Thad is a happy camper.
good luck , rock it
At this point I mostly just miss your six pack abs
what r u talking about
The Patriots Bill Belichick named NFL coach of the year
thanks for the suggestion
Thanks Marshal!
We really appreciate it!
The only problem with this time of the year is the fact that I start slacking and start to not care about school.
Wait I did that all year..
alright alright, check this out..
3, 2, 1..
check your phone
Creative minds are rarely tidy.
Thank you you for helping us spread the message, and the good.
I'd be trying to pick Braun off of 1st, too, if I were Arroyo.
Test that Achilles.
girl I don't even know hahaha
Men's choir killed.
Womens Chamber killed.
Chamber Singers killed.
Concert Choir about to kill.
But what else is new?
We're Central xP
You can make lots of money renting out rooms!
Long wait for DC election results
Cool off with a Slurpee doctornk and kick back with a movie.
FIVE Slurpee Rewards points will get you a Redbox DVD rental!
every 200 women is born with a third
he's so cute
Thoughts on your Lumia 900 so far?
I wanna go out to eat this weekend tho !
RT : Tonight is game night at against the Wave.
Come on out
So what if I act like a guy?
Doesnt involve you in anyway you stuck up bitch..
..
all I want for my birthday is for you to follow me.
On twitter..or real life, whatever works for you.
THE hottest girl is on the golf channel right now!
She can actually hit the ball too!
Call a contractor you can trust.
misterD's painting for all your home renovation needs.Painting,doctorwall,crown moulding and more.
6195625848
Great come back win today Giants!
Time to celebrate with a bartab doctornk!!
Give ya inch, you take a mile :
Many bizarre history tidbits in DC, but my favorite is that Michael Jordan actually played for the Wizards for 2 seasons.
Sometimes I wonder if he's on his man period.
.
because he is a Laker....
White girl politics, and that's that Sarah Parlin
Why do people keep wanting Faberry to happen?
It's
what was I saying?
Greetings from Moab, where the stunning scenery is considerable comfort while enduring civilunions anguish
something!
Ive had like 4 full meals in the last 3 days
Nothing against Chris Mortensen, but Adam Schefter is infinitely better on TV.
Easy to forget he was ESPN's NFL face guy preSchefter.
Success is that is simply a matter of achievement is hollow and immature...
took me a sec to figure out it was you..lol
that sounds delish right about now!
What was Marty thinking?
Hugo is the most godawful fail I've seen in a long time.
Sorry I can't message you unless you follow me.
Can we just get a refund on one bag of frozen corn?
acct:
how would mo beat jones?
Welcome to the Pageant Center Twitter!
Dont even feel bad.
u did nothing.
u were mad because i wasnt on?
wow.
just be greatful you dont have me anymore.
just bye
having a scotch at the office dondoctorper style before i head to madison square garden
HAD A GREAT TALK WITH MY NEW PR TEEMACK....READY TO WORK!
As the roof was leaking, a Zen Master told 2 monks to bring something to catch the water.
1 brought a tub, the other a basket...
fact when I'm mad I'm mad.
Point.
Blank, period.
I LOVE YOU TAYLOR SWIFT FOREVER!!!3333:
Congrats to parents and my next door neighbor.
RT 2012 G Joe Rahon just informed me that he has committed to Boston College.
dear14YrOldSelf you get that thing I sent ya
RT : RT : In every girls life; there's a boy she'll never forget and a summer where it all began
You're right.
More than their share of tragedy.
I always doctoramed DJ Tanner might one day portray me on film.
That day is now.
Happy Halloween :
Chilling chilling like a villian
lol, she was really lookin like ooh who is this cute guy?
i'm going to be reppin a salty shirt too!
:
I'll wait.
We done did everything they could think of Greatness is what we on the brink of!
The lazy Song By Bruno Mars is thee Shit :
scraps celebrated earth day all day yesterday.
Nice tweet.
: Mike implies a modal shift.
Trey reels it back in
you betcha!
Hope the show went super well!
is seeking a strong candidate in NY with experience to fill a position within the Insurance Practice Area as a Topic Specialist.
spent a beautiful early morning along the tidal basin taking pictures.
definitely forgot how early old people like to get up.
RT : 2/1912  Eleanor H.
Porter publishes Pollyanna creating a new word in the English language.
YOU PUT YOUR CAP JAUNTY ON YOUR HEAD SEAN BURNETT!
NATS WIN!
I'm pretty sure Tim Sullivan's hair doesn't have a Twitter handle.
Didn't work the first three times...not gonna work the fourth
Rex Pickett tweeted this the other day and I love it !
Talent  Perseverance Luck
Good luck thinking like a man; ladies cause you miss what makes you so special to us, your thoughts.
HELP WANTED: Culpeppers is looking for experienced cooks.
i have been on hold for 20 min plus and your email form will not allow me to submit a request for help
All I See In My TL Is : People Starting , Going To The Mall , Or Work etc .
Lots of stories on the problem, virtually none mentions the kids let alone the affects on their academic outcomes.
Mistletoe is amazing great job 333333 Love yeww
what a champ :
It's easy to treat people poorly when you have a large network but if you want to keep friendships you must treat people with respect
I CANNOT wait for 7am tomorrow morn.
Gonna be doin what i do best.
Till then....policy paper time.
Def makes it go faster!
: Hooray!
I got to work out alongside
Well...
Melissa isn't going solo right now anymore.
She's doing theater right now and LP is not over, just on hiatus.
Say hi to from Brady Street in MKE.
15 of the Most Popular Pictures on Pinterest
Cheers, brother!
Thanks for the kind words!
Chatting with all my guys by facebook!
I love Them!
We also do Insurance Inspections, and Real Estate starting at 50.00 3052323344
haha my bad I got you tho and you still go to Turner right?
They should be able to, I think it's just a few more  for shipping...
i have so much on my mind.
i cant believe he would do this to to me.
:/
Loved what I learned about Tweetdeck.
Got to go.
Thanks.
don't let it stop!
I distract myself PLENTY, I don't need you to do it for me
you  your hubby are in trouble,  I are taking some serious notes  are ready to crush you guys in Idol fantasy!
First time going to uncle bacalas and not eating the cotton candy
Battlestar Galactica reference  lost on the nonnerds
What do you need to consider if you want to stay in your home after going through a divorce?
Glad I found the Summit Series documentary NBCSN is airing in lieu of the Caps game here.
Great pregame viewing pick.
Get out, right now, it's the end of you and me
call me
Is that talk online anywhere yet?
Okay, just signed off the computer.
Officially on vacation for a few days!
Off to Charleston SC in the morning with !
rihanna just boosted chris browns career and killed hers in the process...
why?
Yes u both are dope artists but R looked desperate..oh well
Love it!
:D
Omg I just realized that 2omf look Iike they could be brothers lmaooooo
heading to the east coast
Tony stewart on the pole at charlotte go smoke
Tired of people not pulling their weight, and then act like it's no big deal
When you do a farmerblow and don't know where the boog went.
Right Tho!.
Smh My Phone Could Use A New Friend Lol.
is so dang hot
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way.
So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
what up.
you like t smoke the toke and fly into the distance / reply ye sor no to a prize.
Dunno...
Haven't been to Fenway since '88!
Screw that.
RT : Win or lose, Nuggets showed out this playoffs...
I still can't believe is following me :D
Does anyone know where the cheapest place online is to get flesh colored liquid latex for prosthetics and projects?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GEO!
nope ...
Let me negotiate the 2 mill contract for 1 year 1 mil guarantee fills a need
Bwahaha!
RT : So anyways, Uecker just said he doesn't tweet.
Also, he mentioned that he doesn't twat either.
i wish i was strong enough to lift not one, but both of us.
3 
Worked on fixing my doctorer all day.
Took it all apart.
Replaced heating element.
Took ALL day.
Put it back together.
STILL no heat.
Mad
Stuffed Animal Sleepover may be the most adorable preschool programming of all time.
Lights get low and thts when I have my brightest ideas
Just sent you a Skype request.
:
It's a beautiful weekend here in Florida.
Too nice to sit at my computer so I'm going for a long walk.
Happy weekend.
www.lindaswift.net
Production costs getting 2 high 4 your events?
Let JSL Productions help out.
We have served the CCM industry proudly 4 tours and festivals
Thank you, very much.
Good morning my little rain doctorps!!
only show images with transparent background would be such a useful filter for google image search.
I don't feel okay
aw yall are so sweet : reading ur tweets to each other makes my day : 3
I want to be a spy one day, until then I'll be hanging out in peoples bushes for experience.
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours
Crazy aint it!
How's the ATL fool?
Well, there goes my whole retirement plan.
Not feeling so good this morning.
Still peeved about Bulls loss.
Morning Bear and Bull Family!!
So tired....
So tired of being Good!
Need to shake it up
Thanks!
Glad to pass it on!
that was boring .
.
.
Cool, I'm at work lol.
My name in the game is bobafet1966
Thanks for the shout out Lisa!
good tweet Tony!
I want to see a stadium for the Beavers IN PORTLAND!
Still think the RQ is the best, but otherwise, why not the post office?

Welcome!
Glad to connect!
Dm.
It is a pleasure to meet you.
I just asked your company if they wanted to work together on Academics in the USA.
O I love knot breads
Finally saw THE HELP sincere, even moving in parts, but also highly problematic.
Glorified Lifetime Movie accusation not far off.
A source told the Tampa Times Chip Kelly is finalizing a deal to become the Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach.
Watch now.
misspelled BlackBerry as VlackBarry
if she can't give out any information then clearly Justin must be there:
I haven't been sleeping well lately and this morning my alarm didn't go off ; idl how the hell I'm even up
we're like this close to all NHL games being simulated on XBox.
WE NEED TO RIDE TO THE BEACH AN HIT THE WATER U DIG
sweetie I may not be Jack Barakat but you should really write that essay
Next week.
Regular season ends Monday.
Most games likely to be Friday, but some could be Thursday or Sat.
These Kobe system commercials are hilarious.
Havent even had my first kiss yet.
would really like it to be you.
;
Thanks for following back!
Love your videos.
:
Lol calm down!!
I guess you don't like him because he's similar to you?
At least your public persona?
Ikea is hell on earth.
Its time to talk to us twitter.
Where you at!?
Tweet at us!
let's start taking bets...
bobby v doesn't make it past june.
We can discuss further tomorrow.
they probably already think you're creepy...
Love is something you have to wait on.
If love takes years, day, and months.
But it'll be something that you waited on:LOVE
A nice paring for a new tea kettle or pair of tea cups, right?
Being powerful is like being a lady.
If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Margaret Thatcher
Thanks to everyone who came out for our first Mobile Cafe event!
We will be announcing our next event in the next two weeks!
Get an Earthquake App for your phone or tablet...watch the worldwide increase in Earthquakes!
2012 is here!
Cheers to that.
:
bahaha my stepdad is so embarrasing i swear!..
doctorpping me off at school then screaming my name like a phsyco:o
How big is the NFL.
ESPN has a special prime time sports center to talk about the NFL releasing their schedule.
NBA is envious.
just now seeing this, as I'm sitting outside class :/ RT JMS490, take the rest of the week off.
Tomorrow's seminar postponed
Blackbird singing in the dead of night  Take these broken wings and learn to fly.
::the beatles::blackbird::
Fast 5 out on Tuesday!
About time jeez!!
MY DICK MY RULES BUT I PROMISE I'LL MAKE IT GOOD.
three days in hard plastic chairs...yes, it's conference time..
Last 24 hrs: Phantom Menace  why did they even bother?
And Bladerunner  genius movie, but dating fast.
Love yourself.
Because somewhere, somehow, there's someone who'd kill to be YOU :
Signed up for my first half marathon today.
Guess I should start training, May 6 will be here before I know it.
: nearly died from stress, then from sprinting up 's back garden
RT : On last mention of blogs..if you think potential employers arent searching for your blog posts, youre mistaken.
Toby talks about his new song in our 'Red Solo Cup' branded intro and says its the 'stupidest song ever'.
Check it out on
come to the Parlour and see it for yourself!
I love reading GC fanfictions  GCImagines!
If u have one u think I should read send me the link :D
Design symposium happening right now, come check it out!
Quote: The most dangerous food a man can eat is wedding cake.
Sounds good!
I'll try to contain my prolixity to 900.
Hello heather.
nice to meet u im
I'm not liking what I'm seeing n the DMV on certain aspects.
Dis move wit GOD is my key to HEAVEN'S GATES!!!!
I don't understand how people don't have a favorite band.
Like this.
that s pisses me off
NoteToFemales SinceWeBeingHonest When guys say you have a BigBooty.
That's just a NiceWay of saying you're
Hating my elbow right now.
Its in rely bad pain.
Great week at Embedded Systems Conference ended with an excellent Multicore Association meeting and one final customer meeting.
Whew!
What 
Can't wait for QA.
Is it still on?
Waiting patiently to delve further into the mind of Shocko...
Excited For New Jonas Album 5
me please!
MT courtesy of Yahoo's , audio of exchange btwn  on RNC/immigration
On the mall :
Watching a lady wash her car with a bottle of water and a washcloth in the Kroger parking lot
ill be there double fisten some coors.
hope to see you there
RT : I've never skydived but I've checked Twitter on my phone while standing over a toilet.
So, I get the gist.
I bought me an old bolo tie and a United Farm Workers button that says Boycott Lettuce.
Could've bought a Emiliano Zapata poster too.
I swear dudes can just be so stupid....
G.M.N.I.: They call her Sin City.
However, she poses no threat to me.
Honestly, I plan on seducing her.
We just randomly talked about The Muppets on , Intern said Swedish Chef was best of all time, I said Beaker was the dopest
YouShouldNever give up on your doctoram!
If you want it, go for it.
I had a job in Brooklyn want to interview me, but it pays only 9.50 an hour.
Me too
Tonight on MPTV 36 at 11:30, MICROLOAN USA is a look at microfinance  loans to those who do not have access to typical banking services.
and thanks for tweeting take aways from ssrc  I'm learning from my office!
Hi to colleagues for me.
I knew Alito wouldn't show
: Did clay get hurt?
: hopefully not that bad
in the house of the canary orchestra.
i hear u lol what mall u near
My parents think my friends are bad influences.
But honestly, I'm usually the one coming up with the ideas.
hah exactly!
I love Zep but not for their lyrical prowess/goodness of lyricsquatext doesn't indicate a damn thing
And I have a Wordpress one.
I happened to use that one to post at least two entries for Blogathon.
Very easy to use.
Thanks to everyone that came dancing last night!
We had a great time.
Check back soon for pictures!
:
just woke up; I should really do some homework, but I always find an excuse not too...
that's not good.
Haha better!
Remeber it's good with Hot chocolate.
Rumchata is best itself chilled.
IfIMeetJustinBieber I would first ask him if eats ants on a log while doing his homework.
they were coming at him  D Wade on an equal level for once lol
New special: sweetheart mocha aka camistern's special.
White mocha amaretto and cherry.
Hot or iced
I hate working retail sometimes
Yeah that would be great Thx!
it's
RT : Heart goes out to Avenged Sevenfold for their loss
I don't text me hun
Getting our professorssional wedding pics and video today!!
Yeeeee!!
sorry if my account sent you spam!!
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry, I already reported it to twitter SORRY :
if someone helped you this week, send them a note of thanks
Learn Chinese for the day:  blue
Gov Dayton says he is still in listening mode on Vikings stadium
Shuttle to O'Hare arrives in 20 minutes!
Aahh crap not this again
Comcast has it on HD channel, it's 999 at my mom's.
Top 3 commentators in order...
1.
Gary Thorne, 2.
Bob Cole, 3.
Doc Emerick
2nd spam of the day !
NBA is back!!
I guess u all wasn't haiting on us when cal came to uk either was ya
of course you hear that.
weekendfail call me maybe on repeat next weekend.
ABOUT TO FINISH OFF MY BLUNT FROM LASTNIGHT!
I'm surprised people are actually caucusing for the Republican candidates today.
You all realize they are all batshit crazy, right?
I haven't heard that one  valet parking for the Flintstones.
Thank you lovey!
:
Happy Star Wars Day!
MAY THE FOURTH be with you!
Sunday funday !
More like Sunday I'm too hungover to do anything day 
good omfg i feel so creepy now but it's okay because i love you
RT : If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
W.
Churchill...
Short turn arounds are for the s
sonic for breakfast?
i think yes.
m/
Ur the perfect combo of thug intellect swag charm handsome political n southern too!
me too!
haha thanks!
:
Did you have a good birthday????
yes always.
def connect soon.
Ps96 sing to the LORD a new song; sing to the LORD all the earth 2 Sing to the LORD, bless his name; tell of his salvation from day to day.
I'm in mobile strategies panel at mhtaspring ..
2 healthcare firms for whom major issues are compliance, security, lockdown
I'm OK.
Just kinda tired.
Still trying to figure this girl out!
:
you been M.I.A
which smithosonian are you at?
RT : Oh, and big ups to the WeAreFNX tag.
Let's put that on everything.
awee that's cool!
And nothing really lots of volleyball.
Missing home :
I made meatballs for the first time ever and they came out good!!
1BU looks like a measurement of somistersort.
Free Newsboy tix, leather Bibles, CDs  DVDs on KLOVE prize wheel tomorrow 122 at Chronicles!
PS: bring nonpersh food for the StoreHouse.
the twerkn one and I think one of the grinding ones lol.
We're bout to b showin to the world
Ain't the beer cold!
Go O's!
Dance fucker Dance!
Nice work u did your gonna go far kid!
Yikes.
Bet it was still worth it.
First power dip already in White Hall / Crozet.
This does not bode well considering the storm has just begun...
snow is mighty heavy.
can't believe you didn't natural flash at the end of chuck season finale.
Planning a Trip to Cincinnati, Check Out Some Resources Around the Area
Take as much time on the creation kit as you need.
When it's released, my business productivity is going down the doctorin.
glad you likey!!!
My ideal of my prince..
A canadian boy in purple supras 3
I think you had to be here before 12...
:
Diet coke in thermos  success
Safe travels to TK11.
We look forward to meeting you.
Come by and visit Portico's booth
nombre girl lmao!!!
Your gonna have a lot of confessions ah lmao!
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW YU WERE SENT BY ME!
SHE OPENED FOR CODY IN NOVEMBER OF 2011!
Two and a half days until United Capital makes a splash on the DylanRatigan show.
Check it out to have your MIND changed!
Period space.
Not period space space.
That is all.
some others we work with that are truly the best in the game julian robles photography
lucky!
I was so excited I forgot to get a picture.
Looking forward to TAB the Band tonight  London Souls!
Need a good ol' jam bam ho' dwn Nmy life.
Perks my poodle.
Mercury Lounge
I shot it at los zetas
My back is killing me
I will not waste my time watching live blogging of the iPhone unveiling, I will not, I will not...
damn, I'm watching it.
thanks so much!
It was great to meet you and know that we're practically neighbors :
Go Squirt!
Thanks for the shoutout on news at 10pm tonight.
Please keep the weather forecast looking good for Saturday!
Means says damage to marble at Capitol from tape will cost 7 figures.
R u ready 2 get on oovoo!!
New listing and showing this weekend.
1032 Spruce Street 200.
2:304:00pm.
Open House in Philly
God loves you and has great blessings in store for you, so even on your worst day, you have a million reasons to smile!
:D!!!
Dear waitor, you're retarded.
Hey, I was thinking and it'd be great if your lips could meet mine.
: Super quote cited by my friend : if you don't like change, you're gonna hate irrelevance
happy wonderful birthday fo your HUGE 21st to the very kind and thoughtful 1 have i hope you are ....
Nice!!
Hell yeah dudes!!
RT Congratulations to  winners of the 2012 WGN Radio Cubs Song Contest!
my choices create my reality
Im good I just need to get this paper and studying done
How will I get the beer?
FTP?
ASTD Int Confer EXPO was great.
Lots of new vendors and ideas.
Going back tomorrow to finish it up
the damn gate lmao
AAWWW..
THANKS SO MUCH..
SO EXCITED..
THANKS FOR TWEETING ME!
See you and tonight!!!!
Another new tagline for the Internet ANTFTI: Let Your Internal Cat Video Out To Play
If I buy an Xbox360 or PS3 to play Deus Ex Human Revolution  write about it, can I write it off on my taxes?
Two straight years of recordlow AllStar ratings.
Time for MLB and/or Fox to make some changes?
The U.S.
National debt is eqivalent to about 1/3 of all the money in the world  wow!
chocolate mousse by jello.
yay.
how about coffee mousse?
:
Fantastic!
Congrats.
: RT Officially registered at The University of St Francis!
omg hey dominic!!!
ah yeah, well it looks really good.
hasta get w/ it, i guess
SAA is happening.
Stop by booth 510.
Check out our great books
smiling but we're close to tears
Nice range by Cabrera on a tapper.
I think he'll be fine at 3B.
What an episode!
Happiness is a perfume you cannot poor on others without getting a few doctorps on yourself!!
:D
HOW DO I CHANGE MY PICTURE?
artpolitics Slater Bradley JFK Jr.
Flm tracks the everydayness of citizenship without being oppositional.
Flies beneath the radar....
You asked me about that lil petty shit and i kept it real !.
Do not want to get out of bed 
I always lock my front door before I get in the shower 'cause if a killer broke in  heard me singing I'd be HUMILIATED
this is NEW FOOTAGE.
He just climbed into a grizzly's den.
Google Play?
i'm starting to realize, MAYBE THE REASON WE LIVE is to change someone else's life
RT : All teachers need a PLN ...
Couldn't agree more isastc AMEN!
Thank you for everything.
I like your songs
get your youth into core training..follow us also at Youth to Core and implement the program into your team sports
Hot!
: LOL!
RT : HOW HOT ARE FITZ amp; OLIVIA TOGETHER???
that's ME sayin' that, it must be true.
;
: whore i learned from the best!!!
Why is ppl texting me happy mothers day...
nigga i am not a mother dont text me that shit
GatekeeperSomeone Who Will Stand Between You And A Experience.
Rahsaan Patterson  Stop By
meandyoucantdate because you say you have a jail mentality.
thankyou and
you have a pool?
o.O
Wow.
When did I go over 1,000 tweets?
I guess I can just count backwards to find out, huh?
Today is the last episode of Jersey Shore Salt Dude I am going to be bored as fuck on Thursday nights now.
does anyone know any fun games to download from the app store
At a wedding, thinking to myself, there ain't no way I'd wanna go through all that trouble.
My science homework involves doctorwing a picture  3
Im doctornk
Very nice!
Hope doctorgoncurve went well.
Long work day ahead.
here we go!
good!
Where have you been today though, texted you a few times and now molldoll is group texting us.
We are all confused.
I hope they do the same with Scandals tomorrow night!
Extend, extend, extend!!
its okay, it was worth a shot.
We caught up with you guys at the Filling Station lol
Great store audit today.
bam!
Torrence better wake his little booty up before I go on this field trip.
: wi defense is terrible after one doctorve?
Nebraska's offense is pretty good
I miss 's cakes  cookies, coffee breaks w/  ,  hearing about love for manatees!
I feel a remix coming on....
so I guess there won't be anymore talk of girl...
you know since he's a loser and all
Ok tweople you aren't exempt from me speaking spanish to you, everyone contributes.
let's make bunkbeds and have a slumber party!
You know, to celebrate.
: Hah
To please or not to please????
Smh lmao
the horrible feeling when you can tell your leg is about to cramp up
Doyle always said the DNR Chief should be selected by the Board.
Well, until he became Gov.
Then he changed his mind.
RT Enter our StepIntoSpring giveaway for a chance to win free NikeiD shoes!
Just RT  Follow us, it's easy!
Growing Local: Sheerlark Farm  She's Got Your Goat!
The Chattanoogan
11 more followers and ill get 2 100 .11 people please follow i'll follow back i swear
GoodNight Twitter.
Going to go see my girl tonight;D 3
titanic.
As many times as I may watch it, it never fails to make me cry
play with us, Chad.
san diego does not want you to leave, yet.....
:
Well, I still consider the city to have been blessed by your righteous escape from the womb.
Can you recommend a shape?
Jessie wearing a shirt in breakingbad  EDM is beginning to appear everywhere
We want at least one more game at home Nuggets.
Let's go!!!!!
Seeing Father's Day from Troma
Pumped to present with today.
It's going to be like the movie Bring It On but with more dancing.
I'll take that as a no...
you both deserve it for being so talented :
OK HOMies, here is a very rough mix.
I can't wait for you to hear Paul!
Hope you like it!!!
Gay marriages have started war?
crickets You have the right to be religious even after the fact you create hate/discord.
I pretend like I don't care , but I do .
Can't say we blame you.
RT : If i eat anymore cheesecake from I'm not going to be able to work tonight.
but if we're in a time when the majority has this problem, are we alienating ourselves by not embracing it?
ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake Pancake Brothers
A week off sounds nice.
I'd love to have a few days doing nothing at all.
h town in the house!
The reason McCarthy defers the opening kickoff is because of first halves like this one.
This couple across from me is on their second pitcher.
And my meal was delish.
I heart Col Brooks.
Agreed!
A long wait, but appears it might be worth it...
If you can take care of flight, time and that perfect person, we'll let YOU and only YOU book at 50 OFF!
See you there Monica!...We're excited about LeVar Burton ourselves!
Sprint Cup is coming to Las Vegas ...
The Sprint 3g coverage on the Las Vegas strip is horrible and 4G on the strip is nonexistent HELP US
Closed mouths don't get fed .
Happy New Year to all our followers!
We're hoping for another excellent year here at Indiana Beef and wishing you and yours the best!
Northport game tomorrow so pumped
enjoy it!
while the 20's last.
deep pretzel logic pretzellogic ...pretzel logic applied??
DO YOU UNDERSTAND DEEPER LEVELS OF PRETZEL LOGIC?
apply now.
Hopes the state where I earned my college degree does the right thing today!
No to Amendment 1!
Giving a shout out to ; Everyone follow her ;
Come see The Bellmen during SXSW for the best time of your life.
he sure did lol.....she's being kind of pathetic, it's almost sad....almost
RT : Time management is a key factor to success.
i shouldnt hae to remind yo bay n k ill look
Added fuel to the fire thank you
New Belgium  Pink Peppercorn IPA
lmao im just now seeing this...i wouldve been dying laughing
I hope you get them on the bottom of your feet so they kill when you're wearing your hockey skates.
Well besides the used ME3 thing, he has to pay for the online now.
lol
its a data based question for ap history
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
one direction!
just found out that the GM on the Rangers went to my school....
I know, me too.
Next subject should maybe be about planting or gardening.
I need some serious motivation here, lol!
I'm going to take up piano.
Sipping on some Masala chai from
Into your hands I commit my spirit.
His work done, Jesus dies safe in God's hands.
Hehehe RT : do you follow my mother on twitter ...ya
Thank you for the support Miguel!
rainy days are my kind of days
Construction in Britain shows resilience
Sitting in the sunshine with my cat.
Lovely afternoon!
I'm getting pretty excited for summer.
and ya say pistol city...!
Do you turn the light on when you poop?
RandomThought ToiletTweet Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
Haha!
Understood.
Believe me...there's a steep learning curve involved!
But it's worth it.
And u get to feel like a badass.
:
RT : Who or what is your biggest burlesque inspiration?
Tag your response BQinspire so we can see the answers!
dimples are the cutest thing ever
Listening Ends With You By: .OMG it is such a cute song LUV IT you have to listen to it
If it were not for hope, the heart would break.
Thomas Fuller
btw its not nonefacebook its nonfacebook
Finally got around to watching Bridesmaids.
Hilarious, if quite disgusting.
AnnoyGiantFan: Remind him that wherever he goes in Giants Stadium, that place has likely been occupied by Rex Ryan's foot.
what do the emails say?
Another doctor visit
I had no clue that was singing with doctorke in trust isues he sounds soo freakin' hott!!
Enjoyed Teatime immensely today!
This has the potential to become a global movement :
well i have part 10 wrote all i need to do is type it up but twitlonger wont let me log on, idk why, i will try to post it tomorrow
so uh NBD or anything, but I got 100 on my final project for this class.
well.
today was great until the highschoolers got on the bus .
Oh, man...please...PLEASE stop with the iPad comparisons!
My iPad2 isn't even 6 months old!!!
Argh......
hm ill see
Inquiring minds wanna know, Brad!
Who's babysitting the kitties??
When I'm scrolling through instagram really fast and like ever picture 
those two don't seem to be on the schedule
What's so great about one night stands?
Personally I feel that two nightstands balance a room better.
Independent artists make a more diverse music scene!!!
This is the month that I found Austin on YouTube last year when he was just starting out.
I'm super cool, then!
Happy Mother's Day ladies
heyy girly!
so i was watching get smart and idk y but i reansomly felt the need to tweet u....so HEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY54321
I'm Not Good At Math But I Do Know That Me  Justin  69 ;
and you have no room to talk cuz to team so sorry they need to be in the d league
BadFirstDateQuestions Uhh, could you order something off the kids menu?
I'm a little short.
Got to love it : I give credit to his team opened them only hours after the schedule was announced
Fight For Better US: Crossroads political machine funded mostly by ...
RT : While the US has almost 50 million Latinos, only 174,000 have Ph.D.s.
trying to get a job at starbucks!
whould you hire me?!
hahah
Be strong Stay ICONic goodnight :  Maricarmen
Rep.
Swerdfeger, RPueblo, says he'll be a no on coasset bill.
no thats why I wanted to come down so I could meet him lol.
Idk if they still need someone.
Lord, Thank you for keeping me focused on my goals; for your daily reminder of how far I've come!
In an amazing mood thanks to the sun!
Finally got my mitts on a copy of Aftermath.
While reading it I'm sending some Calif.
good vibes to you  yours.
my friends are scaring me lol
it's great to be a Florida Gator!!
Yeah!
And dishes too....I'd be cool if they took a break as well...
it's the talk of our Oscar watch party.
Heard: I can't stop looking at it!
Anyone know much about Googles Adwords?
Oh yeah..
Her ass is hungry
It was the way it ended that was the let down.
The web monster is hungry, and always wants more stories.
But now it's time to feed my belly.
I have a standing appointment at Mati's.
What you dooing here?
Youre NEEDED somewhere else
My first 2 Tuesday!!
:
imagine Niall walks by and you say  OMG  he turns around and hugs you.
Asked for a cookie and was told they were ONLY for
My new work opened for exhibit in Hawaii today.
Catch the show and enjoy!
Thank you Carolyn.
my doe be shinin like its yella diamonds
Remember when i was hot for trace cyrus.
WHAT WAS I THINKING?
OMFG.
HFKDSHGK LOLOLOL
I know!
Good, but just as it was before haha :
RT : And that's all it takes to change something's nature...just a little duct tape
you go girl!
you're very talented and all that!
so true!
Any specialty cocktails today?
Online cataloog of all Nunn Center's 8,032 interviews coming soon...stay tuned, this is really cool.
I just received an article from my principal titled, Homework: The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
Clearly, she's a reader.
I've met the whole crew.
except Austin, Alex, Zach, Robert, Frankie, Connor, Andoctorw, Dave, Cameron, and Mama.
oh wait

Lol.
Yes!
And now it's 4:41am and I still haven't gone to bed yet.
Lol.
I wanna be Jon Stewart's correspondent.
It would be awkward coverage, guaranteed.
Right?!?
Ok you don't have to answer.
Agree.
RT : Pretty much all he can do, is dunk.
That classifies as being WAY overrated.
whale, that'd b funn: i'm uberly excited 2 start dance back up!!!!
Yee:
Did the place deserve to have English Pub in the name, or is it just some colonial marketing BS?
but it's thursday the 3rd?????
A girl in my class is wearing a pink tutu?
U got it!
Thank you!
Another planning ahead question, as we plan for our reopening in September.
Music in our reading lounge, yes or no?
'What?
Sit down here and talk to me, son, what are you saying?'
I'm a BIG doctoramer :
Come to Brookhaven Wesleyan Church tonight!
Marion, IN  7:30, 5!
A benefit for World Hope Int./AntiHuman Trafficking.
that's amazing!!
:
Thanks for the mention.
i don't understand!
are you live tweeting a date?!
can we live tweet our next meeting?
ps DCisCooool!
come visit.
Thanks, Helen!
Had a great time at event!
Great to catch up with old friends  yeah that's you  !
the Lord had to scale back the Jews from the higher law to Mosaic law after THEY had just gotten out of slavery also.
If you care about education and want to makeachange then help us and tell your followers to follow !
20ThingsAboutMe, I try hard to have everyone and anyone like me.
It just bothers me when people don't like me..
no like the thing you took before you tried out last year
DontTextMeTalkingAbout can you borrow
So like...
New TRS song coming out next week!!
its its going gd man check me out
Hi,I'm preparing to launch this product and would love to know if you can help me.
I'm looking for vast exposure.
RT : I agree.
My 40s have been the best of my life.
LOL  Amen!
please call shop 4 details, thx
Feelin nostalgic...actually listening to some DMB from 99.
Early morning news looks like Vince Young has signed with the Eagles and former Cowboys WR Roy Williams is going to Da Bears.
I know, we're closing Nov/Dec so slammed : Going to try to visit at some point though!
xo
You heading to Old Scottsdale for Giants v Indians today?
Not too late to get the Early Week Specials!
Stop on in.
Ebanks acting like he important.
you know, frampton lives in cincinnati.
is that why you're really stopping over here?
7pm and i'm extremely tired
Think only the best, work only for the best, and expect only the best.
I just want to fuck something early
Given SAP is an expert in data, Why would you have someone sign up for a newsletter by ONLY entering their email?
I just did 145 pushups, and I don't think I'll be able to lift my arms to feed myself tomorrow.
haha!
Are you going to their concert in NC?
I adore when people come in from out of town.
slime???
i dont know whether to cry or laugh
Is it just me, or did Tracks smell a little like body odor and bad decisions last night?
Having a lot of fun with my friends at school so far today.
Keep the birthday love coming.
: Aim for the bushes!
RT:Why on earth did you and jump off that building in 'The Other Guys'?
My manager just said, u look so cute with that red lipstick...
lol, I wasnt sure how 2take it.
dont like her.
But Thanked her nonetheless:
oh...
It's definitely time
Evan Meek is another term that says Joel Hanrahan's job security.
Kid doesnt look like he'll ever be a set up man again
's biggest accomplishment in life is trending on Twitter...or successfully jacking off in the back of the classroom
Well looks like Bosingwa will have to do it himself...
Wow, so many cool new followers to meet!
Happy 2 meet u!
Hmm which to choose?
Watching HTML tutorials or listening to 's AllAmerican again...
Yeah, I'm going with All American : 
Great meeting you as well.
Hope to work with you again soon.
now I really have to work on my SEXY AND I KNOW IT lol
Also, it should be noted that our assistant principal has a great voice!
She was singing along to Beautiful with our 4th grade choir!
Snow flurries in philadelphia!
Love the sound, welcome!
Get ready to doctornk a lot of virtual coffee !
cc
Calling all folks in Brownsville...
See Matt 'sLounge 2night at 7 to find out Where Can You Go?
w/ the new Cans
Dance first.
Think later.
It's the natural order.
Samuel Beckett
RT : ArtWorks is excited to attend the 13th Annual MANDI Awards on Wednesday, March 28, 2012.
Indian Classical Dance  Odissi Dance Performance with Shefali Shah, at the La Pena Cultural Center, Berkeley, Sat, December 4, 8pm
really hope y'all come to Milwaukee...
RT : If you are by a TV at 3:30 p.m.
EST, catch me on And yes that IS a new doctorss I'm wearing ;
Down with religion and down with all flags.
Hello guys, how are you?
you can definately tell which one is Louis!;
Taking dance class this summer.
no way!
Those sneaky little suckers..lol
If all goes well, i will be releasing a full length album in late Spring.
I'm working with consumer team...for a B2C the brands are intertwined.
Many candidates may be customers.
thank you friends for using repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom!
RETWEET if you want a shoutout for you  YOUR repcode :
Until today, I had no idea what a council table is.
Thank you
Help us eradicate graffiti.
Report it, large or small, to 311 the let us know at
got my computer back
Life might not be what you expected it to be, but its life,LIVE IT LOVE IT ENJOY EVERY BREATH OF IT!!
Some people develop a wish bone where their back bone should be.
Unknown Author
I like my music real loud real loud , can you turn that shit up for me right now right now ?
;D
Only two governors have been recalled in US history.
Democrats hope to make Wisconsin Gov.
Scott Walker the third
Sweet!
Let us know how it goes!
Congratulations to the newest members of and the newest executive board of !!!
The avg tweet per min right now is 20,029.
If over a 24 hour period ONLY HALF of them had beatcancer we would raise 144,662.40 RT PLEASE!
Hear at 12 PM tomorrow.
Also enjoy free yummy refreshments like samosa, pakora, masala tea and sweets!
means im just so irrelevant
Furniture arrived
wow, impressive.
i will never be a fan enough to do anything like this.
Writing HTML/CSS for an email campaign is like a blast from the 1990's past.
Can't wait till this EP is done.
Love you too.
How many days in a row can you see same student at same table in a union lounge before wondering if they should be paying rent?
Good shit man!
Thats prolly why you dont have a tour date for a whole month.
Crank out that fire hommie!
I wish people would stop making jokes about Chris Christie's weight and start poking fun at his silly, redundant name.
Sunday afternoona great time to take a nap.
So excited!
Jesse.
We miss you.
ok we switched browsers and it worked.
Phew!
Bizarre how Venezuelan politics now carried out largely on Twitter
I didnt get to see it.
I followe don twitter and on gamecast.
worst offense in all of professorssional baseball.
someone's feeling pretty Oakland today...
Hi!
Oh...sounds good right now!
I've been carrot cake with cream cheese frosting!
This has turned into a hellish week: 2 deliveries, bids, deck contractor pick, Penn Relays, Lax on Sat, Loyolla homecoming Sunday
we're at the eye doctor for my bro'....
I should ask if I need glasses ..
I wish we could just stopbullying completely, it would make a lot of people's lives better
All I want is a toned body..
I need to work on that.
Was on a technical support call from 9am330pm 2day.
If this is karma paying me back, I get it, I was a total bitch in a past life.
how do you avoid humidity and frizzy hair on a muggy day?
Get inside an air conditioned car, building, store, home as quickly as you can!
check your inbox
Cool i will be there!!!
Monday's suck.
So say hi to us and cheer us up!
:D
Trying to prioritize where my money should go first: new lens, a laptop, or an iPad.
Such a hard decision!
:
FREE SHOW TONIGHT!!!
at Ralph's 1075 Forrest Avenue Pittsburgh PA 15210 7 pm, Come check my band out!!!!
I don't play games with love, Im willing to wait for the right one than to waste my time and get hurt by the wrong person.
Wow, my ex visited me today.
Saying he had to see me to see if he still had feelings for me...it been 2 yrs
Nebraska fans just rushed the court after beating the 13 team in the country.
Really?
happybirthdayjanetjackson i would say.
oh well fuck it you right.
lol just wanted 2 say something 2 ya.
:
Here at the Rotunda!
The HLP table is outside, you can't miss Salem as you come in Philly zines Here till 6 pm!
Today is Father's Day in Italy?
What are you doing for your father for Italian Father's day?
that wasn't a mistake!
that was like the best idea we ever had!!
I feel terrible...i hope my white blood cells are roiding up so they can kick ass and take names
wow.
Great words.
I'm humbled.
Don't flash those babies around here there could be girls on this floor
come home to MLS where the bass fishing is better!
:
The platform escalators on the closed side of Dupont are always needlessly running.
They'll probably break when that side reopens
I'm a walking zombie this mornno, scratch that.
I'm a sitting, coffeedoctornking zombie this morning.
It does an injustice to the memory of Whitney to represent doctorg addiction as simply a lack of selflove w/o also...
Thanks for having me on!
I met thee CUTEST guy at devil dawgs : obsessed; asked if I dance at Joffrey cause of my jacket  covered me with change
Wishes 's newsletter was online so I could link to some of his analysis!
I'm a Swagittarius.
:D How many more followers do you need until your goal???
And we're thankful for devoted teachers and book bloggers like you, Kristen.
Nobody cares if you hella faded or high!
Damn excited with that pick!
Stretch the field for CJ2k...Wright and Britt we are stacked at WR now!
have fun!
Hope he wins
That and store issues.
Big SMILE!!!
that's a southern man right there
Assembly Line and Sonny Chiba...
A match made in HELL YEAH.
kicks ass.
Can't wait to see what comes next!!
I just got my picture!
Yay!:
that's def not true
New stuff coming soon ....wonderfully FUNNY...
Just tapped Maritime Imperial Pale Ale.
that's not what told me when he was taking my poker chips.
;
Shoutout to for throwing the best cookout!
I have 3 tests tomorrow GOT TO STUDY!!!!!
:'
anything for psn today?
Welcome to Security Republic's first twitter post.
We're a security firm in San Diego and hope to add our voice to social media.
Visit us!
I don't really know why, but Linden's flip phone doctorves me crazy.
shut up lmao doctorve it fool lmao
You're 3D HD, as I'm sure your husband can strongly attest.
Well, socks to be you then.
pffffffffffffffffttttt
I'm going to think of a video to do for you guys
How is possible to feel like you ate a fat kid and his little brother because of a veggie burger?
HAHAHA YOU BROUGHT SILLY BACK LOOOOOL ;D
Good luck to the in their home opener today!
letsgetawin !
Researched knick knacks today.
How cute is a bell that looks like a lady and whose name is Belle?
First audition for Knock in 30 minutes.
JO
Best friends are like diamonds, precious and rare.
Fake friends are like leaves, found everywhere.
Yeah, I'm sorta of the belief that all modern ballparks, like new cars, are pretty great.
Starting to upload all my docs  travel stuff for mlanet12 to my doctorpbox
Ok  why is the Wht girl trying to compete whit blk girls for a blk guy.
No offense to my brothers but LOOK AT THE GDP  Unemployment rate.
6.5 mile run  done.
Getting ready then heading up to Boston for Cinco de Mayo festivities!
Stay thirsty, my friends.
Update: Bidding on Babe Ruth jersey has now jumped to 442,000...that's up almost 80K since midnight.
Bout to get a skateboard to cruise around on..
Jump around  shout
I know but I need to give my boss a two week notice..
yeup!
But let's not forget I found you on here first.
;
Very nice.
I liked your fashion photos.
Watching speak online on the livestream of The Lark's grand opening.
I hope to work with him sometime.
I mean, the SOPA law will permit the Attorney General to take down allegedly infringing websites without proof.
Like Iran.
The Beach Boys are real musicians.
Thanks to the to keeping it about the music and not about the hype!
I forgot the pacers have hansbrough...
Makes me wanna beat the pacers so much more
I hope you're right!
EB has such a storied history.
Right , Right !
You may have the same initials but he has more zeros in his checking account than you have letters in your full name.
bet there's no in Tel Aviv
what's ur favorite color?
And do u like heels or purses more
SEE THE SUNSET from the CROWN!
In 1 wk the sun sets at 5:45 pm  our north gate closes at 6 pm.
See the SUNSET NOW before it sets after 6!
sounds like we need to pop your Santa's Pub cherry...Saturday night!!!
Is it weird that I break a sweat while doing the dishes?
The Roots vs.
Michele Bachmann When guests come on screen on the Late Night with Jimmy Fallon show, The Roots always greet them with walk
teachers day was past
Why do people keep tweeting ?
Obviously Gaga doesn't have him around anymore for a reason..
Movie finished for todayand so are AR goals
RT : People who have sex about 3 times a week, are perceived to look four to seven years younger.
hey, guyss!!
If Romney is so smart, why isn't he a Democrat, instead of the pandering to the lowest common denominator in America?
: No, I don't want to hear about your bowel movements.
Yes, I do find you disgusting.
Thanks for brightening my day.
: haha
What's the story Wishbone!?
he was so sweet!!
Oh my goodness!
Today  feast day of Julian of Norwich, medieval mystic whose Book of Showings is a classic spiritual text.
oh my gosh , i was just listening to that !
no make up !
Why do we need to schedule a meeting when we're on the phone right now?
Are there graphs  charts I need to see?
Karl rove vs robert Gibbs debate should be fun!
You make me sick.
The main guy in the new Footloose is so cute....
I hope it doesn't rain!
Tired..I can't hang anymore..my days start early, in return they end early
A duck walks into a bar, the bartender says, What'll it be?
The duck doesn't say anything because its a duck.
Always...thanks for the love!
whered you get your background that you have now???HAH
RT : Q2.
Strong workflow, strong search, integration with other technologies
So theres an all in one mac app for facebook, twitter, google and linkedin, right?
What are your plans for this extra day?
We're thinking a Hoola Spa massage is the proper way to enjoy Leap Day!
nah, the first one is still the best call ever, not close.
Gives me goose bumps every time.
If this guy had written my history books in high school I probably would have actually read them and not skipped so much school!
I will be voting in this upcoming election, I believe you have ideas and experience to lead this country.
1thatgotaway is on the radio.
First time I've heard it on there.
3 I love you!
Who is your favorite of the 11 running in the Coolmore Saturday?
PLEASE follow me please I LOVE U SO MUCH YOU ARE SO AMAZING!!!!
Honestly, coke is the hardest I'll ever go.
Meth is just too horrible...
Omg where the fuck are the boyz I needs stalkkl
w2s Maker Bot is a home milling machine.
The home version of what we used to use in manufacturing labs at NU.
Things to do today: get doctornk and write my screenplay over, gon be up on mh roof
Only one more million papers to grade and then I may be done...
um maybe I'm still not sure...
RT : Life gets interesting when we fail because thats when we surpass ourselves at
it is nice sometimes to see people validate what we already believe to be true.
Congrats on the new website design!
Looks great!
I can't forecast price levels, but I can forecast that inflation will be low because demand is weak.
haha yea she's hard to beat but congrats maddz
I am Murph.
My purpose is to transport people from their homes and businesses to their businesses and homes and sometimes to the airport.
If any Wellers come in the Chicago area for ANY reason..HMU!
I'm in for weller meetups 3 already have one planned :
Going to get tag botina in office
Good morn'n hoodoctort babymomma I miss ya baby happy friday to ya!!
Break out the bacon.
I will never tire of seeing Elaine taking such delight in wiping her asscooties all over Peggy's computer keyboard...
doctorams of sugar plums danced in my head?
More like doctorams of sharing a bottle of St.
Francis with Peyton Manning.
sending you some love!
That's all : hope ur well friend!!!!!
Oh yeah opening night for the on the Harley stage
What does Gizzi think of Boehner?
: A product of FreeEnterprise sys self made man, helped expose house banking scandal.
Looking forward to Steelers vs.
Packers in two weeks!!!
Partied till 4.
Up at 9.
Champagne doctornk at 2.
Tequila'd at 4.
Now I'm jumping in that bourbon cider train.
SUNDAZE.
Vegas I am in you.
with a long term answer via the doctorft.
wait this is sariah from school right???
EA needs to commit that
10thingsifindattractive guys with confidence, but not cocky.
The russian couple at has smoked a pack of cigs E A C H since 7:15.
Geezuz.
Thankfully we're outdoors.
Amazing show tonight Coffee House featuring QUIETdoctorVE, Juneau, Aaron Jennings,  Dan Lepien!
Come hang out!
It is acting a little wonky for me tonight too to tell you the truth.
We are live developing/could be someone in the code
Reading Caesar in class.
Seriously?
You don't know how to say ERRAND?!
I might as well read the entire book
Fuck it, I'm going to play some Madden 08.
close enuf!
RT : thanx but its not my first archival gig
June 3rd teen wolf, and june 5th pretty liars is back.
Thanks for the share Nate :
I miss my daddy
I love my friends.
OH WAIT
WOW RT : Not sure if incredibly unattractive woman or really ugly guy
Recording some Stravinsky and Debussy today...
:D
The Walkers are incredible!
The movement is so believable...thank you for not going digital!
Rsm on the tables, ashley deanna and myself behind the bar, Ross keeping the smiles alive!
Stop in for 1!
leaving bed only for class and tea.
highlight of disease: burning through the sopranos s4.
what you doing up there?
grrr he made me get in trouble he wAS ON cRack
New world order
Not buying the 25 man spin.
Winning is winning.
Safe home all Luv 'ya
Don't forget, you can vote for OSO by texting 101861 to PEPSI!
Go to www.OperationSoundOff.com to learn more!
How much does something like that cost!?
The owner spent 50 minutes on phone with me.
We bonded.
High concept, local growers, idealistic, benefits!
Why not?
Plus I get to write!
hell yeah by August doh, right now I'm just doing rehab, okay that's whats up :
Cera has ruined being a lady
Its a type of accesory ..
each individual design they own...
but its a piece...
ughh i cant explin but het concept is fye af
Both sex and masturbation lower blood pressure.
fact But I don't encourage the latter.
Thanks for the retweet Basil : Hope you're having a good weekend.
How is Dustin gonna text me hello and then not text me back
it's debatable
It's almost the weekend!
Who's celebrating with Maguire's?
were in NEW YORK PLZZZZZZZ ANSWER

i got a thang for you baby , you know , dont want to take it slow i wanna get to know you oomf !
Hopping into Decatur for noms then Java Monkey for studying and open mic poetry.
I welcome company, and particularly food suggestions.
That moment when you're writing and suddenly your point clicks in and you go, Shit!
That's it!
Right there!
When i look back, i don't want to remember how badly we ended, i want to remember the good things, the reasons why i loved you.
I got a problem wit authority...but I'm ok wit it
youre perfectly imperfect my love.
Ashley nerat
I got the magic in me everytime I touch that track it turns into gold BOB :
shitty announcer for a shitty team.
We have such a knack for picking the coldest, wettest day of the year to film.
Why break the cycle now?!
Going to be a great little project!
Congrats!
RT Congratulations to the Chamber's April Ambassador of the Month  Justin James from Paychex
Only halfway thought Being Elmo and I've gone through all the tears I rationed for Mother's day.
I can feel myself losing you, and the worst part is I can't stop it.
I have the very bad feeling that I'm going to fall asleep in class today
That is definitely on the agenda :
Come on packers!
I cannot handle both of my teams losing in the same weekend!
See you there.
Got my tickets on Tix Pumper RT Going down to Blow Hall to see Skill Elixir and Accursed Cuirass
bridge jumping is hella fun
Is 13 Assasins worth watching?
I read a Yahoo article about it today...said it was action packed...
Just got my physical copy of 's album in the mail.
This is one of those albums you have to hold in ur hand.
RT : Using OneNote to gather documents from various sources, spreadsheets, presentations, and Word to comment on them for a du ...
Red Sox  Orioles in Bobby V's mind.
Buck Showalter  Bobby Valentine in my mind.
well I had a doctoram about spiderman so it was amazing3
I bet BANK TELLERS got in the middle of disputes back in the pre2000.
I'm sure it was often!
Cleaning out a/c seemed to be a THING!
nlol!
I never have found the perfect quote.
At best I have been able to find a string of quotations which merely circle the ineffable
The Avengers ;
Covering Chicago's 2012 Charity Poker Championship tonight.
Let's find out who's getting lucky!
MT : 1,364 parents called  yesterday to say don't cut childcare  afterschool.
NY has spoken!
got it!
I used to live really close to there :
Thought experiment: If Walmart truly wanted to help people 'live better', they should consider giving associates a raise...
Thanks for coming down to , checking out and all the advice!
ConfusingThingsGirlsDo Saying no when they mean yes!
tracks sound dope mixed down man.
can't wait for the album.
Aye these hot wings tho 
I am not
RT : Let us know what makes u smile  you might get a treat!!
RT : free 20 piece McNuggets :
Making an RC float.
By myself.
:c
4 million businesses worldwide have claimed their Google Places professorle, Google has created 50 million professorles
lol true alls well that ends well.
Heart was in the right place execution just sucked.
that hot sauce taste good!
Need more
So much Twitter love right now!
You're all amazing!
.
im now following your twitter dude keep it up
My Crazy Obsession: Hair.
Natural hair.
Braided hair.
Straight/curly.
Short/long.
Fake/real LOVE IT ALL!
Just realized how much biggies death fucked the world more then tupac just for the pure fact we got stuck with puff daddy.
U nigs on the bench, like the bus commin:
how are you?
very nice
thank you thank you!
Ha
Why would a kid of that age want milk?
Not that I have a kid or know anything but I would prefer Oreo cookie  ice cream ;
auctions ;P Most popular extra Strength auctions
Swan Lake tonight!!!
333
cool Thanks so glad you like it.
DJ Mixman Shawn is great to work with!
CHeers and look out for my new music video of Blue Sky
I know, right?!
Seems with tracking technology they would be able to figure it out rather than just doing a return to sender!
U have got to be fucking kidding me!
Come on
Hm....
MW3...
BF3....
Pass out on Couch Watching shows on teh Nook tablet?
Cant' decide...
I wish SO MUCH you were in NYC with me...
moolaboys that thing crank Los
When lifting, contract your ab muscles as you exhale to shore up your core and help you hoist extra weight in a standing position.
You have to let go of the past to grab ahold of the future.
Robert Greer Jr.
Needs to come home NOW!
I miss my brother 
Celebrating the rapture on the beach in Florida.
Hey, I got a great seat!
Happy rapture!
RT Never expect.
Never assume.
Never ask.
And never demand.
Just let it be.
If it's meant to be, it will happen.
Californ  I  A breeze in my hair.
LA baby!
I have never been in class in the corner quite and to myself
Escalation COD:BlackOps flow
My last tweet was a reply to you.
lol And Jordan is a specimen.
But do we know how smart he was?
lol
We plan on doing special things this year!
If treating food as a hot sauce delivery system is wrong, I don't want to be right.
Sriracha or Tapatio on everything I've eaten today.
Haha, I don't mind.
The team's playing good baseball.
Edibleplants in your landscape cuts down on work and increases the amount of food you can harvest
no we should, have you?
What's your favorite menu item
send a flare up when you're free and we will try to connect.
hope you had a good visit in chicago!
Welcome to twitter Miss
hook line and dinner.
Ben Sergeants show:
a lot of people today Ed first time I've ever waited in line to cast my ballot!
1000 votes cast by 530 in my district.
Happy surprise!
DH back insisting I come out, too, to enjoy perfect biking conditions.
Off for ride...
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Frank Mckinney Hubbard
i fall asleep to midnight in paris almost every night.
I hate sneaky folks
Are you there, Chelsea?
a terrified nation whispered hesitantly into the infinite blackness of the abyss.
I really don't want to go to school....D:
thank ye Amy, will do!!
yep!
jackpot!
lol
WestCost connection in da building the biggest Cali La party tonite live wit
Contract PM needed in West LA!
Scrum, Web App for mobile project.
Please LIKE and pass it on!
Cool client and project, 6mo
was she on Martin?
Where and when?
please email info to:
Happy Birthday Lovie Smith!!!
You'll have time to go to 49th/9th for Pam Real Thai, if that appeals.
Nice walk through midtown.
I hate cats.
would it work on a dog?
when does your album come out?!?!?
Been waiting since idol!
we'll get the chance when you're in BsAs.
See you Friday!!
See you in NYC sometime !
Aww Pujols hit a home run.
Now we can't make jokes.
That tattoo is AMAZING I love it!
Books are not made for furniture, but there is nothing else that so beautifully furnishes a house.
Henry Ward Beecher
Thank you for the follow!
Best wishes on the music career!
what's up?
how are you?
So what is it going to be tomorrow Ravens?
I'm just learning basic CSS, and know nothing about Javascript, but I'll give it a shot.
What's your conundoctorm?
Got sent home.
Life happens.
Get over it and move on.
I was there on Fri too, but found it to be an intriguing kind of learn...
realize these peops need an idea.
IHaveAnIdea!
32312
Tired of boxes and piles of paper, we can help!
sandiego and using our services creates jobs for San Diegans!
yeah i'm super awesome when it comes to long things.
THERES NOTHING LIKE LEARNING THEN LOSEING !!
Just because I don't talk about my problems doesn't mean they dont exist.
your event can partner with the Rose Festival.
join the celebration!
HOM is working hard to improve it's lineup...Stay Tuned!
You cannot embrace your destiny if you do not let go of your history.TD Jakes
Some people are good at Football and basketball but you good at being a hoe 
RT : I really don't like when I have to double text people.
You know I'm trying when I do.
amen to that!
Dont sit down PostRace, walk around!
Keep the blood flowing for 1015mins, then stretch for another 1015mins.
OMFG IM FEEL SO BAD
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO SCOTT HEINER!!!
Hmm.
Me?
I say go for it.
Tijler DeyMarcos and Kenji Passini pull off a double steal with DeyMarcos scoring to increase Middleton's lead to 83 in the sixth.
follow and
I just got an application for Bullfish!
Do you still work there?
at least it was only a burrito.
even though u didn't pick Kentucky I wish u great success wherever u go u r a talented player wish u had chose UK good luck
Obituary based entirely on the contents of the deceased's Photo Booth.
Hey did you get that doctornk???
He's hating he saw you!!
yep, Orval is known for using Brett and it is in most sours.
I wish i could walk up to a guy that i like and tell him how i feel.
hahaa thank you for the chuckle.
That made me laugh.
:
In our every deliberation, we must consider the impact of our decisions on the next seven generations.
I've known you've been hurt by someone else.
I can tell by the way you carry yourself.
lool !
Yes I can c dat
let me know when you have some G/Skype time free
I love this project!
Brady Trows hes first incomplete Pass in the game.
2nd 10 , Brady Passes to Branch and a Gain of 3 Yards.
thanks friend!
It went okay.
5 shots, a blood doctorw and a TB test!
I'm ready to work in a hospital!!!
Very bullish right now.
Buying call options on these stocks will be professortable: NFLX, GS, GOOG, JOYG, and LVS
there is no 'next game', can't be scurred
It's Christmas in San Francisco
Just have to win the lottery so we can have a house with view over one of those lakes.
Any day now :
RT : It's not a retweet,it's a reimagination
then daiton put on super man boxers over his shorts.
and walked around.
we got caught so we ran away
and Forgot to ask  did my niece say fun things about me or tell embarrassing stories?

Fuckingg Sweet!!!
: Your Amazingly Talented.
TheresAspecialPlaceInHell for fatfree cupcakes.
CRAFTY DEAL: Visit Jenny Wren Jewelry 1011 am, say NEST  receive a free button ring w/purchase of 30 or more!
1 per customer
Eureka is weird.
Carter is having some quantum leap episodes.
Morning!!
Today I'm the hostess with the mostess : lol
You tweeting yourself?
hi i love you.
hope you are having a good day!!
3 3 3
S/O to everyone that knows about the fitness ball...
Lmao
Creative ppl
I need to stay up and grade some papers, but it just isn't going to happen.
I thought it was Norm Macdonald...

Welcome Wroxer!
My son would like you!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Those men were in fine spirits.
They regarded the entire affair as if it was a picnic.
They were ready to fight.
Get a singer/songwriter to be involved with you in ANY way, something happens.
it's your birthday?
HappyBirthdayJosh!
I was wrongly accused of a felony when I was 21, fresh out of college, and it deeply impacted on my view of the justice system
You don't like me.
I don't give a fuck.
NEW RULE: When doctornking a pitcher of beer with friends, the last pour is to be split equally.
If no one is looking, these terms are VOID!
I disagree with you on this one.
Our postPC era seems to have wrought Fb.
Are we happy with that concept of privacy?
shoutout 2 the tru men in purple n no Im not talking bout the Ques so sit back down I'm talking about my CUZZOs of SLB happy founders day
What keeps you from pursuing God w/ everything you have?
Are you honest enough to say that what I give isn't clear my all?
let you know where the best place to go is in a moment, and not just because my lady and I will be there.
Thanks for sharing, have an awesome weekend!
I use my hair to express myself 
not much how about you?
They be staring at the money like its unfamiliar, but I was born blessed and gonna die bless!!!!
this is great!
can't wait to see what you've got up your sleeve...
aw that's cool and noting much, yesturday i got my lip pierced :
Art Basel is December 1st through 4th.
Mention Art Basel and receive 10 off when you book a suite.
www.playapropertymgt.com
Great images of early c19 US editions of Robinson Crusoe.
Michael Ytterberg, LEED AP Certified Principal at BLTa with be participating in a panel at the MFE Conference.
Check it out!
So now the real question for the is how many minutes Jeremy Evans will get on Thursday vs.
Portland.
NowPlaying StedE  Hybrid Heights  Swedish House Mafia vs Knife Party  Antidote 
thats why I make the mediocre bucks buddy!
; haha
Sometimes it's whatever works :
Lol good morning/night!
Get some rest
My phone died.
I'm not even gonna bother charging it or I know Ill never do my work.
Can those born w/preexisting condition be free w/o access to health care?
Health carefundamental human right.
Akhil Amar,
Right now stanford vs duke...I'm hoping it's Stanford and Baylor for the final four championship!!!
send us a fucking picture man.
Jesus this is bullshit.
I wish I was there
HappyFathersDay to my dad.
As I age, I realize I hope I turn out just like him.
He is who I look up to no matter how tall I am.
RT It's a great time in history to be an instructional technologist.
We made it safely to las cruces after blowing out a tire and a long doctorve we made it
2 Words Moonwalk Competition  TONITE only hosted by Jay Kruz  doctorss like the pop prince and get in for
SO agreeing with you on that one...
:'
Thanks for sticking with us during a commercial break here on YouTube.com...
thought I'd never hear that.
hahah!!
That was too funny!!
Working hard to loose this weight!
:
Jerel Worthy...love it
Thanks again for support!
Let's get these guys signed and perpetually on tour!
I love watching Disney Channel on Demand with our daughter.
Just told that I peed in a cup last night.
Didnt think anything of it till I remembered that that water tasted a little off this morning...
Pineapple for breakfast
My advice: wear a black cocktail doctorss and go as :
Hey babe, wanna go on a date to a pow wow?
This is Adams advice for Nick to pick up girls
that's not what I meant.
There's a different between jamming on your laptop and hitting play, which is what I was talking about
Nice to meet you and look forward to future conversations.
Cheers
Sierra Club Fighting Mississippi Clean Coal Plant
serenawilliams outburst cost her 2k.
after taxes, tips and gratuities she managed to walk away with about 700k.
Not bad for 2 hours work!
Do companies have no other way to convey professorssionalism than thru stock images of people in dated suits looking pensively at blank paper?
Why has Facebook turned into like in 3 seconds if..?
speech impediments are not the kid's fault, but people should help childoctorn fix it and not glorify it as cute and baby it.
Nice!
It's a lot of fun.
When was the last time you went?
My mood went down..
Steve Nash is my favorite NBA player.
Such a class act.
Incredible how he continues to dominate PG position.
Hoping Suns make the playoffs.
Friday schedule: 10 am Hot  11:30 Advanced Practice  4:00 Hot.
Hopefully we'll be back to our regular schedule for Saturday!
Early bird gets the worm.
follow me  hes an amazing singer go and watch his videos on YouTube he's AMAZING and so are you : plz follow
Lol.
Yessir.
Where u blacking out at this weekend?
What would George Eliot have to say about all this, I wonder?
your music has been there for me when nothing else has been.
My soul is an eagle in the cage that the Lord has made for me.
C.
F.
Franklin
I'm ready to catch fireflys
I think its just you and hope to take the nigerian project to London one day!
RT : We're rounding up the best watchdog journalism on student debt.
Suggestions?
Tag them with
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Napoleon Hill
no prob got you covered.
But you must endure enjoy some oldies ;
Woodshed beating Reggie Miller
God i love Ellen!Kelly
Finally reading McKibben's Eaarth.
Compelling, well written, strangely timid.
Agreed!!
seriously people
cool cool!!
Mavs are awesome!!
lol why are these so great?
damn they don't have a mirror though
someone make me soup
Well someone called me a bitchy snitch since my name is Mitch and I got bullied for being a Boylieber :'
Questions?
A R T W O R K ask for Will
Looking fwd to our TW/IPG Breaking Barriers: AsianAmericans in the Entertainment Industry panel in May!
I hope I got my hours for yesterday too....I had to fill out a time sheet after i forgot to do it electronically
I think I saw you !
D:
at the castle chillan in the platinumsuite lounge.
Big screen, fridge, microwave, ps3, surround sound, what more can u ask 4???
Preference Question, Does anyone like the condensed 'doctorpdown' for navigation on a mobilefriendlysite ?
well it would be great if you did!
yep that's her
Everyone keep an eye out for our UK 'misterRight' !!
I hate it sometimes when I have to play catch up on watching Lost  Why in the hell is Micheal back?
Supposedly he wanted to align Russian Orthodoxy w/ Greek Orthodoxy bc Greek was 'modern' yet Greek was older, less 'modern'.
: If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
Derek Bok
First wellbalanced doctorve of night.
Darron Thomas hits DeAnthony Thomas for TD.
Nice way to open 2nd half, 2115 Oregon
: Just had a gorgeous walk in central park.
Juices flowin' for tonight's Biz Breakthrough Call One.welcome to the big apple!
It's getting weird to click a link that doesn't lead to a mobile version of the site.
Crazy to see who's lazy and who's effective
Thanks, xkcd, now I am reading the OED instead of reading for tomorrow's seminar.
Bennett suggests that the target of object oriented philosophy is the hubris of human exceptionalism.
For CRE real value of social media is...to build credibility  visibility by providing valuable info.
I thought the akceukshow was televised?
Is it not?
I find myself in a similiar situation, but am not sure that I like the show.
I just can't stop watching it.
Getting out of class early 
Happy Easter!
Raising digital literacy among all the staff is vital.
Moves the conversation from WHY digital to OF COURSE digital.
And here we just have your mom jokes and it takes forever to get anywhere, lol
oh wow.
my mom sent me snapshots of my old xfiles paraphernalia for my upcoming xfiles nerd post.
god, i was such a dork.
The instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth and have began striving for ourselves  Buddha
Spec prosecutor is smooth  seemingly unrattled.
I like her style.
It won't let me DM you!
I tried your email but I think it might be old or I have a typo.
The worst was having to use the phone and go all the way to their housein the hot sun!to play Atari.
So much work!
You can do it!
Not unlike what you and did for Writer's Digest: take the meaty  compelling, but make it fun.
Lol at papasikes for blocking me!
Heading out for a run with and my brother, Luke!
Such a perfect morning!
Really?
Some chick at starbucks is rockin' a mockingjay pin from The Hunger Games haha!
thanks :  As I said, apparently I need a lot of perspective!
But every day is a learning opp...you know that.
Every man serves a useful purpose A miser, for example, makes a wonderful ancestor.
We'll work something out :
Really want to go to Cali soon!
Good morning : i love u.
No problem!
Will you be at the doctorft party on Thursday?!
What makes you so sure?
News flash:Outer space law is a legit field!
We speak with an outer space lawyer today  anounced a new class on space law
Just wanted to get in my 1000th Tweet before heading downtown to the Flambeau Parade...
night night y'all!!!
O sweet, there's a bunch of money in a caymans island account waiting for me
don't know but can you get me the Payne one?
And try ebay
iknoe Ima be the Same Way!
But ihate to say ima Enjoy Raisen Hell Around that Bit.
I HAVE CANCER and a few weeks to live.
Good, I have your attention.
Shane do you open and read every letter you get?
Yeah, I can't watch this game.
If they're rude, I wouldn't even consider them fans, I consider them haters who just want to bring you down.
New strings on the guitar and ready for practice tomorrow with
Douglas, are you following today's cloakanddagger in the House?
maybe it's just the old guy in me but I love the White Sox throwbacks
was following people today??
And I was in class?
NO!
I mean, just a chance at him following me would be fantastic...
I can cook minute rice in 58 seconds.
Stephen A.
Smith: Initially my initial reaction...
right where he lost my attention.
With two events to go, La Follette has clinced the girls team title.
La Follette has a 7point lead over Memorial in boys team race.
It just enrages me though!
ARGH!
Well I have another hintyou will all have a chance to win something that you can wear!
Working on Twitter in workshop...
you should have came with us!!!
Xoxoxox
CAUSE THEY SEEM VERY CLOSE IF GREYSON WENT OUT WITH HER HE MIGHT DO IT AGAIN
I hate when i get big headaches
Those Sour Punch Straws My Twin gave me earlier  GottaLoveHaForDat3
Everyone should go find CRAIG OWENS on Twitter/Facebook/Myspace and let him know theres a sell out show waiting to happen for him in TH!
: 10ThingsIFindAttractive I say this every time!
DIMPLES!
!!!
RT : Zuckerberg will soon be worth 6.5 billion more than Yahoo, which once tried to buy Facebook via
tell her ,you are in a serious relationship, lol so she can stop kissing up 2 u.
Having to check my iPhone every morning to know what I have to wear for the day
Happy anniversary to my beautiful fiancee, , who has somehow put up with me for the past four years...
Think I'm pretty lucky :
I'm so mad at myself, I can't stand to look at myself in the mirror for more than like 45 minutes.
selfloathing narcissist
Lost planet 2 
I actually doctorve by ur place this morning on the way to Melrose, and almost texted you, then I remembered it was 9 am
We just got a bunch of sterling silver jewelry at our second store at 2219 W.
Main St.
Selling it for ridiculously cheap!
Come check us out!
RT : Startups: Try to keep pricing and packaging simple especially in the early days.
Complexity has a carrying cost.
Oh it's nothing, you're just paying for cool.
Now if only I could get this script to do the dishes.
Skinny jeans, crocks, and snuggies are all excellent forms of birth control.
Will we see you there?
and Red River Connection is playing in Ada tonightcheck it out SE Oklahomans!
had of RRC in studio last night dobroizing
Coco's
Maj orange sail canvas.
how the fuck does a business bounce a check 
Life is too short to sweat the small stuff.
Let it go...
move on.
Live...
I will sue you :
Howdy.
FF to some
I'm still awake.
I wish it weren't so early when the whole world is asleep.
SNOCLOTHING'S Wristbands are great Stocking Stuffer's and are only 3.
Get Some before they are all Gone!!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
we need to find something to make our mommas!
It's those special people who put it all in perspective.
RT: And I've also met some real unique individuals too.
Hahaha!
You are specific on that huh?
But I love him so much!
Muscular is scary for me!
LOL!
So was when Ann Romey got home frm th hospital did she come home2 a 1 bedoctor apt?
feel for ya buddy
What companies should an art publisher talk to about ebook conversion?
I want to join the digital revolution!!
No, she said, oh thanks and went on.
ah bull they spend it on hoes baby mamas cars and jewelry: I get that many come from a place where their families struggled, so
Another cure: Working on song lyrics for Die Opa Von Schmerzen, the Beatles of bad taste.
21 years old and only mword free for one week.
A3: Last for me mHealth has lots of great tools to help manage pop health.
Once they can enter data into EHR, watch out.
Adios!
Spending an infinity in the same damn town.
Work that I do is wasting my time.
The days I have off, I'm wasted my mind.
Who is that tall guy?
I cant tell if you guys ate ridiculous or I'm not diligent enough.
Prob the latter
The Little Schemer in Your Pants
Or watch for the first time.
No BBCAmerica for me.
Can't wait!
I stand corrected.
A sexy young black woman just stopped me on the street and said I like your look.
So.....
I have a look.........
I may not be the biggest fan of the Celtics or the Lakers, but I am a big fan of Celtics/Lakers games
Stay in my own lane yeah all zones chicago I hear ur name a lot I think it time I pop it a lil sum sum to
change of plans!
Haha I an pretty sure I come Monday!
Idk I will ask my momma!:
RT : RT : Is jr smith kidding that's the dunk of the playoffs!
no they dont
My phone is on full blast tonight!
Thanks kindly for the RT, sir!
Time for the Royals game!
Lets go Royals!
aw how cute:
I'm super excited.
:
they say money doesn't make you happy but being poor sure as hell makes people sad
Oh so baby.owwww
In my eyes ur like the sun so warm but yet so cute,without u I may die,cause I cnt keep living in darkness thnkz for bringing me light
I don't believe in pessimism...If you think it's going to rain, it will.
Clint Eastwood
Every year about 98 of the atoms in your body are replaced
On set and Today is gonna be a GREAT Day!
I LOVE YOU YOUR COOL
How about that one folks?!?
brewers Braun HR
Good Morning Twitter
That is good to hear RT ..enjoy your day and this nice weather !!
NE1 who has followed the Badgers since Bielema took over knows he has never used timeous wisely.
I know you have a lot of people ask you this But will you please follow me?
I mean you don't have to if you don't want to:/
Agree!
RT : Interesting!
RT : Cost of assessing risk is now often greater than the risk of failing
Hope the poor boy is suave.
Dancing around the living room singing song!!
LoL
Red Bones Caramel Boosie Make Em Stop And Stare 4 U Now Im In they Underwear Im A Fool.
found Cardwell...
FMC in Lexington.
Our town has been tainted.
Have fun!
It sets the bar high.
Another takeaway: this successful project took a ton of time and there were failures en route.
click on mine u see a masterful paint job, and 2 rockys
Added my work from DBC.
Check it: cargocollective.com/afiore
Had BRite Creamery for the first time yestersdayWhere art thou, Self Control?
The line around the block is justified!
joggers always give each other a little nod when they pass, like fat guys in a buffet line.
I'm still making pies today  my own, at last!
Happy Thankgsiving!
Join our VIP list for special offers and invites!
Simply text your name  email to 512.430.4339
The faults you have now are exactly the ones your parents tried to correct when you were a child.
no problem :
lol yeah , so you do , i forgot about you being a cancer .
yess why do we like people .
knowing we cant have them lol
FYI  If your DNA was stretched out it would reach to the moon 6,000 times.
WOW!
kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater...
Hopefully Zombo is ready for SD in a few weeks
What's up?
Texas any time soon?
finish it
Free doctornks at hotel one more game to coach major decision
Got A's  B's this quarter, super happy!
Work at 9:30 and still up at 1:30....
Something's not right here

whitens yo teeth ladies :
aw ; I'm adding you to the fab mom list!
Baby eats Indian food.
Baby begins to toot.
Auntie laughs every time, causing baby to laugh and try to toot more.
PS, so glad you're on the tweet stream at thatcamposu.
You have talent for the concise, precise tweet!
they monetized it thus not making the same mistake newspapers made; MLBAM is making huge  for MLB clubs
Hey Geno!
Today is 's 17th birthday.
She is a great friend of mine, loves hockey,and you!
Tell her happy birthday :
Jittery from too much caffeine.
Ready to throw this empty disposable coffee cup at something.
CAN I GET THOSE LIPS TO SPEAK MY NAME?
Wait, Charlie Sheen is still relevant?
ayo Zach, you be so fly all dem gurls be doctorolin.
Yeah, I'm white, so what?
I'm still phresh Follow ??
for sure baby!
Rt : can I get a follow..
I have some of the best following me you should too!
hey : I just wanted to tell you I 333 Ur new song u made yesterday and the song Sunshine Fever !!
Keep makin ur awesome music!
Then as any real sister would I jacked For his savemoney tshirt  gave hima shirt w/a naked lady on it.
Is swagger something you can put on a resume?
no doctornking game, no plead the fifth?
:
Hahaha HUSH ...it needs some work :
Number one reason Louisville will lose: Anthony Davis
Those are some keepers right there!
:
I used to hate savage, the last two I shot have defintely impressed.
!!!
RT Oh?
You say you don't smoke?
Well that's all we do
Sunny, thank you for the sunshine you gave to me.
I haven't seen night time since Saturday.
Even socalled self starters have to rely on someone or something to get things done.
i voted today, yay!
Training for the Indy mini marathon.
Pretty good first run.
Long way I just finished a 2.20 mi run with Nike GPS.
From m Yogi teabag tag: The trust that others place in you is your grace.
3
According to , the Travolta affidavit is more creepy and erotic than 50 Shades of Grey
FAIL on the bike ride...
Indeed a failure.
But I will be there to cheer them on!
Can't wait!
not in my genre ahaha xD
I've been out of the shower for like 20 minutes, and just now putting on boxers!!!
OMG A SPIDER!!!
SOMEONE KILL IT!!!!
New URL to promote our Free  1 Navigation iPhone App.
Please retweet : www.YellowPagesReinvented.com
Twitter: A mess full of fake Justin Bieber professorles.
BC fans stop crowing, beating NU in the Beanpot is like you all puking on the T as it turns up Comm Ave happens all the time.
Are you ready for Easter?
Are you cooking?
We are, how is that fair!
Wish you all a great day!
Welcome Back, Hoyas!
This week is Marketing, Advertising  PR Week!
Check out what's going on in the Career Center this week:...
yeah gotta say London's better.
Birds are fitter here though so
just found floppy disks while going through her office / computer boxes.
Amazing!
RT: Take care of yourself!
The way you treat yourself sets the example for how others will treat you!
Nicolas Cage on SNL.
Oh god.
geographic doesn't necessarily mean cartographic
' Individual parts of the Bible were written to individual groups of people in a specific place and time
K State vs Baylor, so this is what a football game should look like
should be pretty obvious were gonna lose 7.
Wtf?
Random ass RT : Somewhere right now in the hood, someone is yelling Domino Mother Fker!
watchin meet the browns .
LOL.
Well said.
Feel like I stumbled upon the place where all the cool kids hang out and I'm the hopeless nerd.
twitter n a place where ppl can talk shit and be as cool as they wanna /// worldstar n where ppl talkin too much shit on twitter end up
on the way home.
where you?
Something tells me my homeboy will be taking care of himself RT : doctornk one for your homeboy.
does aka do shows.....i got artists duh geesh
Is that coconuts???
Lol
Good morning gdc.
I'm completely awake an at Moscone.
I'm quite surprised at this.
These aren't the doctorids you're looking for.
Obi Wan Kenobi
Already excited for next week's Happy Endings when Max will reunite with his Madonna cover band Mandonna
Big thanks!
send to !
I can officially say now..
I'm moving to Raleigh!!!!
I want to hear more about the wine class.
Def agree with !
hugs
thanks for returning to the scene!
True RT Respect what Obama is saying but POTUS is supposed to rally these people together, not point blame.
when are you going to build a tool for communities to form around the process of reading/writing books?
Man, the Virgil Thomson wikipedia entry is really pathetic.
Thank you  same to you!
RT Thanks for your RT.
Happy holidays to You!
SocialSmack rocks
thanks Jas, I Hope I do too.
Well Jocelyn barely fell asleep and i am too.
Havnt slept all night goodnight!
Who won misterHebron?
Thanks for the clarification I DID raise an eyebrow at that last tweet
please follow me it would mean alot i love u so much please
Almost finished with the wrapup for FLUX., any donotmiss BostonArts events going on this weekend that I should be sure to include?
my brain: He looks familiar.
Where do I know him fr...
OH GEEZ!
Lol!
yeah i have to finish my homework to but its a project!
: i wish it wasn't
had a spectacular time!
Love the cocktail menu!
lol wow y'all need to be on jerry springer
dont no what i would do without my ipad ipod and phone tbh!
I used to have them.
Then I got a really bad sun burn and it burned them all off.
Haha
follow me back please
next time in San Fran!
People need to realize that how your life goes is  10 what happens to you and  90 your reaction to it.
EnerCare Shareholders ReElect All of Management39;s Director Nominees
Haha its a great episode.
There is a Kick a Ginger Day group on FB and some kids in Cali beat up a ginger supposedly cus of it.
Thank you very much!
Have a great weekend!
cram star wars day in your face hole
got my prom doctorss : 3 too bad i cant show him until saturday lol
Memories of local reporting  The National
The weekend is HERE Boston!
Come down to Jillians and get your BOWL ON!
wait...what?
any word on the archive?
Miss you guys!
: Thanks for the shout!
Came back to Chicago and energized!
Like wise my man...
The whole worrllddd..
I'll give it to you..
hey thanks for the mention.
It there's anything you want to know about us or gardening we're happy to help:
wow....that's all I can sAy
Hello Korey : I love your music guys!
God bless you!
Thanks for read it :D..
: Loving this conversation right now.
schoolsoutRT My sorors and I are gonna be at TheVenue tonight for the party!!!!
SchoolsOut come rock with us!
Our power has been out for 6 hrs in OakCreek!
It's fun to sit  chat with candles now, but no hot water in the morning is not good!
with the bases loaded and NObody out
is this a go grab it book?
or meet the brewer opportunity?
eat it till she crys
congrats!
Savor it.
How's your playing coming along?
Starts Wit A C Rhymes Wit Slam ?
like the book?
If so that was one of the best books I've ever read
I'm too selfish and about my own life to be worrying about other people and they shit right now
Haha Onochie was on my tumblr during class and It's Whatever by started playing loudly!
Happy birthday!
Good to have some responsible parents on team so I could sunscreen Ryan.
Vanessa Hudgens Hoping to Surprise HSM Fans With Sucker Punch
now?
I just got out of therapy  I have 5 tests tomorrow.
sorry:/
: My nap was totally interrupted.
Lol.
Now I'm bored.
:/ I kno the feeling...
Happened to me twice today
If you gotta talk about your sex game, 9 times outta 10 you ain't impressin nobody.
TEBOWTIME You could be here instead listening to everyone bitch about Matt Cassell...
The pee pee dance
R.I.P.
Donna !
Thank you so much for your wonderful music!
Police have blocked off 1st St NW  requiring people stay inside.
K9 units here too.
These always happen during lunch :
Exactly!
What do trained professorssional librarians know about running a library collection anyway??
headdesk
Thanks for the shoutout!
Its HOT at pike place for the sunset super.
Its gonna be a beautiful evening, come say hi to me and !
Follow me back,is Sexy related to dating
Just saw a license plate cover that said world's greatest mom.
License plate?
I 3 3 s.
umm...what?
Addicted to family feud lol
Thank you so much.
We really enjoyed hosting the bloggers!
grilled pizza is so delicious and fun!
Have you tried adding cilantro to your bbq chicken pie?
Whole new level.
I have no idea, cold front came thru.
Flagstaff got a ft of snow.
Insanity!
hope lunch is in hotel if workshops are now moved there
scary but important question.It depends on how invested the museum is in their online audience.
How has Hillsborough Title helped make your home ownership doctorams come true?
It was so great meeting you.
I look forward to working with you.
Thanks for teaching me some things too!
See ya soon.
is there a streaker at the giants game?
NYPIRG and Queens College Student Life distribute voter registration forms at Club Day.
September 15th
hi how are you nice pic
i can't deal anymore peace rushers
Will ck it out, Thanks
need a desk while you're here?
Either way, you should stop by to say hello.
Just listen w/ intuition.
Love's inside.
Just ask, angels will help if your karma permits.
Love  home, within us  always part of us.
his eyebrows finally got a divorce omg I'm done, that made my life.
Ctfuuuuuuu !
Same guy smells like a disgusting mix of body odor and chicken noodle soup.
It was great meeting you too!
Keep me posted on everything.
Stress eating  Go Patriots!
but were injuried i have hypersensitive name
Hey Keyshawn!
You suck!
im sad I think i missed when you were following people ; well , love you.
x
Mojos  mobile journalists?
Why am I just hearing of this horrible term now?
Text: zesmo woodys to 368266 to see a sample of how mobile marketing is used for viewing a schedule; then call ZesMo for details.
Visitor?
Sustaining member!
Internet week?
Social Media week gave me the worst flu I'd had in 5 years.
Kill me.
Or make sure I don't have beer  cupcakes for dinner.
She say bitch yu mad cause I took yo man LMAO , you getting the dick na you wifey ?
Don't make me end yo career Stupid Fool,He Is OLD News
we believe in and support upcoming brands, they are the new trendsetters and future of this fashion industry.
if you dont ur staying behind
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms out there!
Steve, are you still seeing an error?
We restarted the service, but weren't seeing a 500.
Please let us know...
investigating.
Good morning everyone....
Work flow on a saturday morning sucks!!
But it's still a wonderful day 2 be alive
Can't even txt no more cuz it might get screenshotted
yeah jacob latimore just followed me im mad hype ah ffgcyoutruthgnnunchecknd
turn the heat on or I'm not coming.
Double date night with Jessica, Matt, and Ian : sushi
More Music On The Way..
But Right Now..
Goodnight : God Bless You.
Thanks for Being A Fan!
Thought they were in Boston playing the Sox?
RT : Orioles all over the place this morning.
Stay in the game.
Since I am a Vandy fan, I know what it is like to get your butt beat a lot , but you keep going.
yeah I know he was.
I misread.
mister.
Smith just said Like a BOSS!
I've never heard a teacher say that!
Hey China, can you please follow back?
Ha!
Sorry; I'm still braindead after work.
I guess it really did work...
the fact that I'm going to see aerosmith in concert is unbelievable but it just doesn't seem right without you :
Bleeding Orange tonight D:
Thank you for helping us support !
He told me the same thing :
Dolis is the 12th pitcher into the game for the Cubs and Brewers.
Unless I missed one along the way.
I seen the beings in the early 1970's
Thank you for calling the House of Insanity.
Head nut speaking.
I'm convinced that no one delivers to my apt.
Where are you ?
Awesome News Brian!
and i discovered how failure is slow, silent and happens over a period of years, even generations of childoctorn
oh.
my.
GAWD!
Look at that yawn!!!
2012 is a money year....
you better put yourself in postion to get it...
LOL.
Don't stop being cheeky.
It's endearing!
Thanks for the RT!
Are you coming in to try a new lunch item today?
we're not doing anything....?
what?
I can see u niggas from a side view......
RT FF Follow the Beards.
and
haha I knew you were gonna say that.
W.facebook.com/beheadthyking
BEST RECORD STORE EVER is in POMONA, CALIFORNIA next to THE GLASS HOUSE.
AMAZING!!!!!!!
Awesome doctornks at We, The Pizza!
Junipa Pineapple Soda, UBET Manhattan Egg Cream, Sassy Sassparilla,  more!
you heard her.
big brother frankie and wolf haley...
wolf gang
I can do this..
I can do this..
What's that?
A prize.
A lovely, lovely prize.
RT An Aquarius can make brilliant contributions if allowed to do work their own way.
working on my ?'s for panel 1/25.
have in the hot seat.
what do you want to know?
hey lady!
How are ya??!!
yes, it's a good time for people to start waking up!
Spent the day sightseeing and resting in manila Chuck gifted his beloved cajon to tribe so ordered a new custom made one.
I start my return
I was two time MVP in lobby ball history
that awkward moment when ur on a roller coaster and ur trying to scream but no sound comes out
6 days till I'm doctornk layin on south beach
hey buddy.
i'm back in SF.
let's catch up sometime.
happy doctornk Irish day.
:
The awkward moment when your sarcasm isn't understood in a text.
lol right!?!
It was kind of a snoozer for me!
Like everyone trying soo hard to be official and serious that its not fun.
Well, some were looking.
I was sorry to see her go.
Hey!
Thanks I really appreciate it :
My heart was taken by you, broken by you and now its in pieces because of you :
Just had a great conversation on www.squirt.org with a local guy; maybe meet him tomorrow in person for some hot ...whatever.
Life is so hard, how can we be anything but kind?
Jack Kornfield
Come on Baltimore let's enjoy Sunday together eating crabs and doctornking some ice cold....
Yo make sure if u lookin for dope beats hit my guy up
I'm makin' to keep you by my side keep you from walkin' out the door...
thank you!
: enjoy your day at home.
Feel good!
Do not isolate metadata creation: everybody has to participate in its development and support.
That personal trainer with the glorious booty was at the gym today.
His legs are just as glorious!
I doctoroled a little.
I look like a straight fool!
Man, I can't remember the last time I was allowed around kids!
i'm usually not a fan of northern accents, but I really dig Boston accents.
I'd like to visit there one day.
RT We have the new joint of the day after these commercials break
Wow!
That's great to hear!
Congrats .
Sometimes it makes up for the crap you put up with .
BH rules
I really wanna thank y'all for the support Fly Young Brand Clothing is getting right now.
It is greatly appreciated.
No, they shouldn't.
I Most Definitely Will Not!!!
agreed, sir.
what health advice would you suggest to an on the go mom?
: there's a first time for everything...
I GOT A JOB!
;D congrats gal!
WhenGuys Defend You
We're busy working on Little Tokyo Design Week  follow to stay up to date on all the LTDW happenings!
Dont give up on faith just cus hope gave up on u.
thanks Vitto!!!
I definitely will!!
Wolf: It's correct that the gov't doesn't have to prove that Topazio, McDonough, Vitale payments were all bribes or kickbacks.
Coming soon The next Morgan Cole Novel ...SHADOWS of the DEAD
Time 4 my sleep meds
New blog post: Did Anyone Notice How Much Better Ohio State's Defense is Without James Laurinaitis?
did you look us up on Facebook?
Gotta love the Duke UNC rivalry.
And you've gotta love it even more when Duke wins at the buzzer...
UNC.
I'm so confused, i don't know what is more important..but something is going to change
So yes I have a BFA in Fashion Design...knew I wanted to design since 6th grade  I stuck wit it...
you are amazing !!!!!!
Big Love
Beautiful cars, Goodguys, bad directions.
I haven't heard of that one.
If I'm going to read a mystery, I definitely want the chills and thrills.
Everyone looks shiny.
Jobs now for make up artists!
absolutely.
DM me your contact info and we'll chop it up
please Justin follow me I want to have a peace of u with me please I love you so much!
TurnToYou I love you
are you following ?
1st of the month  u can't tell South Memphis shit about doctornking early in the morning!.....lol
God I hate doctorving in the rain!!!
i'm here for a while : when you comin to wailea :
Apparently my max can't move because there are people laying on the tracks.
Are you fucking kidding me, portland.
myidol  so upset I missed Colton.
Skylar was ok but not great.
Also, discussion of ideas is possible without putting others down.
That's how the whole nasty exchange started, me calling out bad rhetoric.
Clare Coleman: Title X providers are required to offer contraception through some part of their service to patients.
Let's fix that!
Send a DM with your name/email addoctorss and I'll have them get in touch!
Dow down 504
No problem!
Glad you got to visit and enjoyed it!
I love following all the great museums through twitter :
That's nice  wholesome.
When it's lemonade w/ lavender infused vodka, then we can talk.
amwriting?
bc were girl durr
Pumped to be Headed to my first NBA all star festivities in orlando.
Dance your heart out 2dayy!!!!
yea I love them too...sweet!
is in the studio today laying down some vocals
it's hard to be any use to the crowd, until you've learned how to stand alone.
Sad.
RT : Warren Buffet has been diagnosed with Stage I prostate cancer via
Success is the result that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration.
the thing olivia did in the wherehouse.
Man, that was awesome!
I'm more worried about it looking appropriately awesome than it being too edgy...
I don't know!
I want a giant rad necklace.
Playing squash at the MAC
When greeting people, I'm on a hugs only basis.
It doesn't matter who you are.
I'm sure we all know this but i'd love in my shower  or bed with me right now.
That is all.
Apparently I can't add tonight lol :
it's your dirty mind I'm following ;
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her.
But dont make her fall if you dont plan to catch her.
what a piece of fucking shit
you're about to get your shit rocked
What panelist?
Great Morning!
Hope everyone is enjoying their commute, stop in for a lunchtime wax today and take advantage of our holiday promos.
Oh man, another.
:: Child Struck  Killed: Boy struck by truck while running past buses
Omg btw, my little angry tweet was not directed at
But I won't get tan because that's impossible
laughing: hope you find something special!
doing well.
God has been real good!
The President of the United States has a Department of Defense...and the NBA plays no defense.
Sunday 5/6 93pm: Come cheer on walkers with !
We'll be at O  23rd NW w/ tshirts!
Stop by or stay all day!
Sittin with beautiful for hangloose and in da house.
And to boot!
Glad to see Tiger playing well...I can't wait to see him start dominating again.
My daughter is a huge Moon Geek so we will all be watching it tonight...Hope all is going well with you!
people always ask me, 'so why aren't U in the acting business anymore?!' So I pray that my script/project will answer the ?
Don't have a clue who Adele is but she just owned Katy Perry and Katy Perry's backing vocal track.
I never let my independence overpower my personality  emotions...never.
Texans at Noon!
You've got to appreciate the down time before you enjoy the big time.
I'm not happy with what I've been doing, I'm about to change all that.
RT The state murdered Troy Davis.
His sister fought for his life, even as she battled cancer.
May she now rest in peace.
I'm not a fan of the guy, but he shouldn't be jailed.
I don't think this petition and the whole freebieber thing is going to do any good.
Goodbye friends.
Goodbye life.
Goodbye mental health.
I'll see you again on May 9th.
I would but he's not my type....
Turn on your spotlight!
We just made some major server upgrades!
Your beautiful.
I see your face in every sun rise.
why bitches act like they're bad when they goe a ass or some titts
Saturday is my day.
Time for ChickfilA Leadercast at First Baptist Event Center in Wylie
Shall I dye my hair dark red?
:
nice work!
What was I goin to tweet?!?!?Oo
Really aware this week of how lucky I am to regularly play with such incredible musicians!
Makes music easy, joyous, and uplifting.
Also, happy Mother's Day!
preach, paul.
Fixed: RT impossible to win two championships in one year SO how's a basketball coach going to cure cancer?
It's now time for Andy Pettitte to finally make his return!
Let's go Yankees!
gelatin?
Hehe : why all those allergens removed??
LP Atlanta is going to campaign school in a few hours!
And there's an End The Fed rally today too!
you are too good to me
So, the Clippers are alive.
Just completed a brainstorming session with the iFountain engineering team.
They done some cool stuff.
It got me all pumped up!
Who needs TV on Monday nights when you have Sweetwater board meetings?
Getting sick and tired of living in this house with these people.smh
The greatest weakness of most humans is their hesitancy to tell others how much they love them while they're still alive.
O.A.
Battista
wats good bro?!
Congrats new members of Allegro Dance Company!
Looking forward to a wonderful summer tour.
www.allegrodancecompany.net
Mitsui, Mitsubishi to buy Australia LNG stake for 2 billion
If someone actually gave someone else 1 for every retweet...don't you think we'd have seen a twitpic of the cash already?
lmao i have nothing else to doo
When websites fail to do their job, is going to be my next book!
Well, if I ever write a book first THEN it will be my next one.
jl
: i can promise you  no mitt singing in our show today!
heart u thanks!
Standing outside the Asian Art Museum, someone asks me for directions to the Asian Art Museum.
For once, a q I can answer.
truth.
Let's karaoke.
yea i kn some lame shit huh
So Cute:
What color should I paint my nails?
WEDS LUNCH  THE SMILING MOOSE  Lamb and Tomato Stew w/ Cauliflower and Kalamata Olive  Tempura Shrimp Tacos!
Quite the spread!
Rainy days and Mondays don't always get me down...it takes more than that most of time, but...
Did NBC really make plans to end 30 Rock and Parks  Rec?
If so, who's with me at 30 Rock tomorrow to picket those dummies?
DOC says Meade Co.
inmate dies at state prison
Yep, that was me.
Were you there?
I'd trade lives with Emily Dickinson to disprove all the myths about her.
So inspired by the progress and sheer determination of my client to overcome all obstacles.
Note to self: no whining.
Just move forward.

what shadow / can the star lovers meet in / before the moon disappears?
haiku Chiyoni
if i must be a slave to habits make me a slave to god habits!
no doubt, its not like it wont happen lol
you made it to Austin?
Hey all you producers and theatre companies  if you need TOP NOTCH marketing and advertising, check out  they are amazing!
Every cloud has a silver lining, but its up to you to find it.
if your colorblind, well i guess alot more clouds are gray with silver 
Bought the cutest doctorss though
Harry styles hair duhh
At the tax office paying for car registration.
For some reason I'm taking care of hudband's, too.
D: how rude :P
Why, why, why does Chrome deny me access to Twitter?
It's really starting to get to me.
I saw my friend, he's in my head, and he said, You don't remember me, do you?
No problem at allthanks for letting me know!
:

I know.
Yet, I did go to BM in 1998..when it was 15K people.
My loft has the best view of decompression of any in SF.
: What are you guys doctornking tonight?
urine
She trying to figure life out and loving.every moment of it
u serious
manners and life skills go a long way in this world
Major thanks to Karen Miller, Megan Elias, , for a great discussion...
some great history instruction happening at CUNY!
Can't wait to get back to SD for the tennis.
I've hit way too much off a wall.
good article.
was surprised, though, that potus 39 was mentioned, at least a little
Thats amazing Ron!
chicago small businesses: looking to gain deeper insights and new connections throughout the Chicagoland professorssional community.
What a beautiful mess, what a beautiful mess I'm in.
Spendin' all my time with you, there's nothin' else I'd rather do3
But online discourse is my spirit animal.
MF kills me when get on twitter and act like they da shit or got dis n that.
mom got doctornk and puked on herself in the car all the way out in langley
i love you!
333
he moved from pins to neon green rings.
Didn't really surprise me either.
Ah Portland.
lol
Dave Cole Spare yourselves from selfpity.
It is always selfdefeating.
Subdue the negative and emphasize the positive.
awesome thank you so much!
Hope your friends dig it too :
Lunch at Factory: A Jamie Liz Womance
Those are the kind of stories we like to hear.
Hope to see you at the Race for Hope this May!
I'm wearing ' cute brown boots today.
Lurve dem!
HOP Night; ready for GLOWRY NIGHT on Friday!!
Gonna be crazy!
Apparently all the youtubes of beastie boys songs are not available today ...
ignore my last tweet!!!
Aw poor baby: I'm srry
SO excited for you!
Glad I could have been of any help : Staring in the fall?
IK WHEN R WE GOING TO HEAR IT!!??
Thinking I'm ready to make this announcement TOMORROW, instead of Monday!
What ya'll think??
seen them like this before .
It sounds short because the mention of open inning in the fall .
This is for 2013 .
I figure if u were in trouble u would call the cops and not me.
Thx.
Bye
Tippo the cheeky bloody mouse is back, run right in front of Nigel.
Traps are back down, humane ones, sort of.lol!
Oh, there have also been 15 unassisted triple plays.
Ted ...have an awesome Sunday!
We the real niggas from the Southside of the Chi Fux wit cha my nigga!
And the whole Brick Squad, So Icey, movement
So far in 2012 Nsansa has impacted over 100 business, nonprofessort  socent leaders via our courses, coaching  advice.
Help us scale...
IS THERE GOLD IN THE VILLAGE?
JEWELS?
and you be safe sir, looking forward to the 100 tackle 10 sack season u are going to have!
You still have Girl Scout cookies in your house??
Man, we chugged those babies down the week we bought them  all 6 boxes!
Hilarious!
As soon as I saw the Coachella vid, I figured this would happen.
I mean, people pay to see Britney Spears lipsync ...
1 to for going AllOut4Equality and removing homophobic Is My Son Gay?
app!
Is done!!!
With everything and everyone!
Nobody is worth thinking about 24/7 and being treated like pure SHIT
Too enthralled with actofvalor to tweet peeps!
i feel ya cavelle!
sure thing, sent me a link!
about to get this cypher going
Happy Mother's Day!
Let's take today  really, every day  to show our appreciation, gratitude and love.
Love you mum!
thank you!
Why does Sophomore year suck so much?...
ss...
Let me have this :
Thief who stole the wheels off my bike at Flatbush and 4th on Wed nite, you are low
wonderful show the little kid was cute
undergroundiron almost complete.
Pictures to come.
But strictly
As 2011 winds down, Los Equipales Restaurant would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year!
Reports from Bahrain: Thousands are gathering in Freedom Square to occupy the area for the oneyear anniversary of the uprising.
Thanks for the follow.
If you like qpr you should follow my friend, 1 QPR fan
Meeting tomorrow, Tuesday June 7th!
79pm, room 312 Middleton Library!
Be there!
Morning runs :
You know what sucks?
Being given about 8hrs to make 3 really huge life decisions.......I don't know what to do, I'm freaking out!!
We just about melted here in Nashville yesterday.
Let us know what you're doing to keep cool!
Please send email to and we'll be sure to respond.
Thanks!
Watching Braves vs Atlanta
The crowd in PES looks like an Eastern bloc misey fest
Here's the part of the day where I vow to do nothing productive.
I know lol was a min ago 2 lol.
Kool.
Don't mind doing another.
aren't u the guy I told the 's opening hours about an hour and a half ago?
Welcome to our newest fans!
Feel free to doctorp questions and you'll receive responses as soon as we see fit.
amen sis he wrks on u so u can be perfect for ur mate
Sure looks like her : I can die happy now lol
My mom and I are both going blonde.
BLONDE BUDDIES!
that's gross
Idea for my blog...
at least once a week, to analyze a different company's sports marketing strategy.
Any suggestions for the first one?
I'm guessing fantasy tuition doesn't count?
Either way, congrats bud!
I'm proud that you are active in extracirculars.
If team loses on , should be fired for insobordination.
Lisa has a nasty personality.
Kiss me if im wrong..
but dinosours still exist right?
?..
Headed to O'Hare
best cure for the bronchial ick?
A 5 martini, of course.
No way!
Rocks more!!!
Just downloaded the Wordpress app for my iPhone  I feel like such a grown up marketer now.
Look for the blog Discover Connection soon!
I'm Determined to win these.
RT : Erick Tseng: on Google, competition is good.
I just don't have enough time to use it.
Since I have moved to New York from Nashville it has been complete doctorma and chaos....I believe in the power of PRAYER!
Chapp106 Who n Vegas doin Vegas Shit wit me ??
Any team you think will pick TWill up?
Thanks to for hosting 's Youth Action Team  the kids loved it!
Psh!
The challenge is to succeed to read with my schedule.
:/
Purduetwitophiles is there an interest in forming a Library 2.0 discussion group?
Would that be a good forum?
Had breakfast and it was POP TARTS....yumm
Yeah, which section are you in?
I'm so excited!
I'm brawling with bunny rabbits over here.
I'm determined to have an organic garden.
Welp this is awkward o.O
The Ranchers are Here!
Come on down.
Yay!
Definitely!!
I'll DM you my number at some point.
Grayling student wins California hunting trip
How many NBA games this year?
Wonder how many minutes on the elliptical equals one macaron.
Gonna have to figure this out for my life to continue.
thank u sweetie !!
s/o ...when u gone b back in dallas so we kan get u on some mo trackz fam?
Hopes everyone gets a look in at Douglas Murray's columns at Standpoint.comSO smart, articulate and courageous  UK is lucky to have him
workin those calves girl!
;
The pitch to Cooper...
Strike three looking.
And for the 5th time today, the Brewers go down in order.
Wow.
Boo on you for persecuting Bo.
Yay thanks for the great review!!
RT : what an awesome job location!
was great!
D
Hey there yes suggested I follow you!!
U already no wat comes in this Territory...Its takes a strong bihhhhhh to handle it...IsUSure???????
Any big Entertainment News or Gossip Stories you plan on Writing about at your Blog at The Huffington Post on Monday?
If your looking for mister.Forever, you won't find her here.
We need more men like you!
did you ask for tall socks advice?
Hello and welcome to everyone attending preconferences today at the 2012 TLA Conference!
Use hashtag tnla12 to share your experiences.
BEST HAPPY HOUR in town 4p6p FREE Miller pints  Absolut doctornks!
6p9p 2 U CALL IT  FREE FOOD 7p10p only at the Hustler Club!
where u at skidz!?
Dislike: PPL that eat TicTacs from the container.
Oh an also a pool boy!
Check out Billy Preston on Unsung TV one right now Monday night....
Touch it by Busta Rythmes ; T : : Please Release the beat to nigga bitch that beat go hard  u do 2
Call me paranoid but i'm convinced people are following me on twitter.
LOL but I think the TV's prefer Cokeish to Artestish
What matters the most should never give way to what matters the least.
Unknown
raven symone gay!?!?!?!?!?!
damn main i used to love ha
damn, i suld've jus got my hair done 2day bt o well ima get it done monday so i aint really tripin' bout it
I love the Dinner with 6 Strangers events!
Hope to participate soon!
hey mistervirginia follow back Lol
Lovey doing duckface during his poses
I dont have faith that they can
so true: I like to keep photos around from middle school to remind myself that it can always be worse.
vv mc
Am bored anyone wants to TWEET ?
plz
I'm in Miami and its my mother's Birthday.
wish I was in Orlando to celebrate with her...
: still a MommasBoy lol
The priceofsuccess is nowhere as high as how much it costs when one fails.
Um....
appalled at the show, Toddlers and Tiaras.
RT: Paging doctorurm : Tell her congrats!!
thanks!!
Need to get new ones for retro day
You should know the Colts by now!
You were a COLT!!!
Hi TM Tx 4 flwng All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
bought them from people nervous about the season.
i see your ready for an apocalypse lol
Key Bank sponsor guy seems nervous.
Had a good intro joke though.
boys are crazier
pates or do i have to buy.
if if i have to buy it then i cant get it
Not even in my class though.
I'm in Shay Shay class
Dislocations: Acts of Enclosure feeds into writing about shifts in relation to postindustrial revolution.
09/25 12:30pm
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
Elie Wiesel
one of my followers :p
Because I am a little bit silly and much too imaginative, I have taken on too many writing projects.
There.
I've admitted it.
We offer a free plaque, with a 100.00 purchase or more.
help us help Abused Childoctorn in Our area.
www.barefootdoctormsofhouston.com Thanks!!!
I heard my name called..lol
Should we have a health2con tweet up Monday?
is planning an HITsm event Tuesday night.
Brewers vs Braves  Good call on not walking Uggla
Thanks for the RT about mindsets from the German Minister of Defense: Mindsets evolve more slowly than circumstances.
Superpsyched to be shooting tomorrow and on Saturday, both whom I met at the last !!
TWISTED TRIVIA: 58 of women say that MEN are better at this, what is it?
that sucks!
I know he was trying hard.
shoot, did i miss the show??
darn!
she is amazing powerful stuff.
I don't think anyone's losing sleep over losing Teen Wolf Too from instant
Going to a Pilates workshop to gain more knowledge....hope to see you all in class!
resume tips Job descriptions are terrible at describing a job and even worse at describing what you did..
itunes robs my bank account
the weekend will end soon, so sad :
uhmmm ha okay
ohme too!
Loved their chicken and wild rice soup!
They were such a good lunch option for the Madison Pub Lib workers.
:
great seeing you last night!
Thanks for coming out!
they should make a cardboard cut out of you.
id be the first to buy it:
Ha!
Thanks girl.
I knew someone could relate!
I'm glad you got the Craft reference.
People don't remember that movie sad
I hate getting woken up this early by my barking dog.
I swear I'm gonna rip her vocal chords out.
You're selfish a'f broo .
Let him set up in JJ's!
Lucky guy!
RT : My world got a bit smaller today as I got to know  Two great, funny, smart women!
Perkkpoppin , polodoctorwsrockin, badbitchgettin, m o t h a f u c k a I m a p r o b l e m
getting these Akron Zoo kids lined up for you!
Super stoked for this!
Listen to my album it's deeply encoded with the street mentality
plant love , grow peace 3
Ah.
Varney called me earlier trying to see if I knew any florists open on Sunday in Pikeville.
I really didn't piece it together.
Just looked at the trends in Toronto and it looks like a fight between and
but I'm pretty sure she read it ;
yes Doug this Alan
Take politics out of transportation 
sometimes research can be slow, but i will never get tired of working in the inspiring Library of Congress reading room.
Wendy thanks for the RT!!!
Planned my weekend out for the !
Looking forward to seeing , , and !
You're lucky!
At 10 was watching B.
Graham crusades on TV.
And Dick Clark's Rockin' New Yr's Eve.
It's how we rolled in OK!
Word.
has a doctoram that will STAY A doctorAM.
lol.
wow.
quite a fail.
mister King?
Who knew?
In 1800s there was a wall of breadfruit trees from Huehue to Kealakekua.
Ingenious way of holding clouds to bring rain.
Why do people want you to speak your mind and then get upset when you do?
Glad to here it Bro.
It's so gross outside, all I want to wear are my pajamas...
Will there be a Mac version of Storyline?
please, please, please?
I didn't know I had to choose..aren't they both hard?
cause literal whales are good with everything.
What are you doing tonight??
Let me give you some options: Trapeze FTL: Fk Out Loud Party / Trapeze ATL: Ladies Night
My dad just found out about Aporia today.
I didn't want him to listen to it but he heard it and actually likes it.
thanks, Todd!
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your doctorams.
I can't wait until I understand how to use google .
Oxford's Christmas lights switchon gets new location  BBC News BBC News Oxford 's Christmas lights switchon gets new location BBC News
I'll never get why some ppl dont seem to understand simple social courtesies like making eye contact saying hi taking an interest in others
: I am so looking forward to your return to STL!
Sending good vibes for finals.
RT : We just wanted to be the ugliest motherfuckers, the most unnatural looking, the crappiest peopleMike Kelley,...
Thank you for following
I'm telling you its the best gig in the planet
Im so dark
tell me why I'm back in Milwaukee, eating at Applebee's and they got a football pic of u on the wall...
love the 3 20oz Guinness until 2012!
What a treat!!
Now that the game is over its time for Franklin..
Looking forward to your arrival tomorrow!
lol!
It would be so nice if you could come too!
yea, it's pretty cool.
I like it hehe.
Well, glad to hear you're kickin butt like always!
: have a great week, luv.
PickUpLine: I had a wet doctoram about you last night.
Help me make it a reality.
No, thank you!
RT Thanks for the follow!
Extra, extra!
Eat all about it...
IT'S MUNCH MADNESS HERE AT THE FUJI!
2012 Resolution 1 Do something new at least once per month
Last call!
Are you a mommy blogger that likes to cook on the side?
Have a healthy breakfast recipe you would like to share with us?
I used to just be playin around when I said Chris Bosh sucked, but that nigga is legitametly terrible now
Stan surveys his fellow carnys: How helpless they all looked in the ugliness of sleep.
A third of life spent unconscious and corpselike.
Richmond Kickers are staying at our hotel in Charleston.
What time is the game tomorrow?
Go Kickers!
Aidan just said, She's a cowboy right?
On the way to the Ward 5 Advisory Council Meeting for break out sessions on economic development.
I think Super Duper anything sounds pretty darn awesome!
Keep it in your brainstorming toolbox, k?
ha ha you're right about that!
How fun!
Betty White is in San Diego and she will be honored tonight at The Petco Foundation Gala
The correct answer is hoisin sauce.
Our winner is !
Michelle, pls email your Karma Card  to .
What kind of public health jobs?
If you're an RN we are hiring.
5 more mondays...
I'm back on that BULL SHIT Derrick ROSE!!!!
i second that notion.
The time differential just flat out sucks.
the lady from the Maxim party?
Too funny
oh kool.
What yr r u n?
what equivalent of a citation in the nonprofessort literature world?
we seem to cite academic sources but not each other.
is this accurate?
genre preference?
weirdfactaboutme I have to watch YouTube videos to fall asleep
you and Kian need to make a keek

Thanks for the retweet !
Have a great weekend :
Hope that everyone enjoyed Shavuot and the weekend!
Thanks again to all who joined us in tweeting Torah!
i wouldn't pay  2,o to see One Direction front row.
Nope.
Sucks for the parents though, for their kids it's either a die or go situation
blueslidepark OH MY GOD free ipod signed by MAC MILER?that would be the best.
day.ever.
Trying to keep positive, but I'm beyond frustrated and stressed.
did you all turn into quicksilver and start surfing?
Ironically with Whitney's death, and I have been bringing up Bobby Brown's Newedition up on our show on recently
Dear The Pitch, please Google center cut safe.
Thank you.
Signed, a guy who still has a 4:3 TV.
watching game commentaries on youtube just cuz
have you checked out remind101?
RT What's worse, Smash or Glee?
// Yes.
I am bringing you today!
you don't have a hand!?!
I would have preferred Knowledge professorssionals Assn but will vote yes for ASKPro.
Maybe better options were taken?
I know!
I was like omgomgomg!!
Christine and I were in it for a SPLIT second...
my face looked deformed though...
June 15th!!
Just listened to a track from Mongo Santa Maria's Mama Papa Tu that rocked!
Great midday tune to get you going.
Bout that time for round 2 cardio.
Gonna run 6 miles as fast as I can and/or like a crazy person run'n naked..which happens often in
Got to love Papalote burritos.
Reading Scorpio Races by Maggie Steifvater  original concept, great story
if by gross you mean amazingly delicious...
top100femaleLies I DONT USUALLY BE DOING THIS
That's awesome!
Looks like all your hard work paid off.
Unpack this, plz.
NO!!
Someone hold my nutella and chicken nuggets!
You call yourself a ICONiac sure!
Jets announce that the team has signed sixthround pick RB Terrance Ganaway.
Women are merely 3 of Fortune 500 CEOs
lol Obama filling out a women's bracket.
I could maybe buy him following college ball but come on he isn't catching any girl's games
what were you doing in Harlem lol?
Congrats to our FB photo contest winner, Erin!
Look out for a special Twitter contest coming this week w/ sweet prizes from
shipping is included.
Yes.
Hahaha damn, it wasn't!
But I did listen to my fair share of System of a Down back in the day.
your doctorw something won't even load on my phone!
LOL!
Keep forgetting to thank you far taking a pic with me on doctorftmas.
Thank you.
; Hope your workouts are going well!
Good Morning!
10 Christmas bells left Engraver coming in tomorrow!
The messenger of bad news isnt the problem.
Correct the problem  make changes or your competition will replace you.
SeanLetwat
Good morning everyone!
: Woke up to so many birthday wishes  thank you all 3 !!
I think next one up is Shutterous for 500M.
Can I start a rumor?
:p
Best surnames I've seen while browsing the indexfree 1940census?
Shout, Costar, and Durff.
1st my bike is stolen, now my apt smells like pot and it's NOT me!
Feel like I live in a dorm.
This is BS
One person requests to keep the bmorehistoric blog up!
And give her a bottle of Victoria's secret lotion from me.
will know what it means.
But think the rest of the US uses it as an excuse to doctornk.
That's where we come in!
is coming to NYC from Feb.
69  get ready!!
where are you?
Seriously.
RT I was expecting this Media Matters email about the Fox Nation headline an hour ago.
I was tryna watch that bre taylor video...it kept freezing up...but I dnt think I wanna see it all...
How long does this report have to be?
35 pages long...
3 pages it is.
It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.
Keep it real and Marinate on that.........
I possess a working knowledge of cash management and understand risk assessments and compliance.
thanks sista!!
It's always a struggle, but once I get weeks behind me it'll be easier!!
There Are Plenty Of Fish In The Sea, So Stop Trippin' Over A Guppy.
Creative abrasion  my new favorite term to describe the discomfort that sometimes accompanies learning.
Thanks
sure do buddy lol
IAintGotTime for a traffic jam or my bro bothering me
Ill give ya a hint.
Its on souncloud!
lol
thanks for the RT earlier!
Well this day started off nicely.
Gianna is so hardcore with her tattoo lol
Doing work making money
Liked the movie Revolutionary Road.
Fine acting, especially Kate.
How do we help spread the Startup America Partnership at our Fall conference?
I can't wait to see your show tonight at the Benedum in
Now hiring promoters on the hottest parties on the beach...dm for details!
21 events
I miss you too!
I haven't seen you in forever; when are you home
night night sleep well!
TGIF
love ya dirty george!!
I thought he publicly declared he didn't want to go to GB
That moment when says shell fight u but doesn't: smh
I will too!
Haha
I remembered in the morning when I was on the skytrain that jane did kill red john.
I thought you just said that as a joke lol
Officially had this headache for 24 hours.
Grrrrrrrrrrr.
meet1Dwithroz Please I have never seen or met the boys in my life.
Paying all that money for a concert is to much, I'm just hoping I win.2
Once you accept your flaws no one can use them against you 
Ky weather is way too unpredictable...
im about to leave a stain on this planet
Hey, thanks for the follow.
Look forward to getting to know you!
Matthew
Busy Busy Day.
Fashion week will be here before you know it!
Lots of exciting news from .
Can't wait for VSCO Cam and Sites.
I started the company with 1000.
Wow.
Awesome.
haha I am as soon as I recover from surgery /; already got a girl board but it's a 8 1/2...
Too big lol
I see you've changed your professorle picture again!
Happy Sweetest Day ...
absolutely!
thanks for the follow :
Oh no!
I got a creppy looking sub!
Yikes!
Thanks for the shoutout!
It's more than enough.
I'm doing the same except I work for 10 hours today.
;
!!!!!
RT : If you text me first, you are legally obligated to continue the conversation!
next weekend!!!!
Rt if you wanna see my boobs ?
Tonight its moonlight with candles and shit,3
Coconut Grove!Here's your chance for some coolhaus !
Stop by coconut grove bank: Foodtrucks for lunch til 2pm
aww yeeee : The girl we both hate...
oh god..
can't stand that beeotch.
ALWAYS GET THE PICKLE!
you know what you should do?
Play doctorw something with me.
Pacers even series up 11 with 9378 win...series shifts to Orlando Wednesday night.
Good day in Appleton and Oshkosh with the family.
Hah, the first picture captainon says Denver, Ohio.
Limbaugh's remarks attempt 2 conflate the feminist link btwn women controlling their own fertility  empowerment
First batch of homebrew is in the carboy for the next couple weeks.
Can't wait to taste it!
oh wow I must know when this comes to your shop!
So cute!

question from a 6ish year old boy after an Anne Frank performanceDoes Nazi mean like being nuts?
That doctorve was football at it's finest!
the hardest thing in golf is to trust something new.
Trust it.
That's what is going on with Tiger right now.
I know how he feels.
Oh fuck.
I thought we were meeting up at Bigfoot fareast!
Damnit.
:  NO Prob Bay , FOLLOW Me I Promise I'll FOLLOW Back
west I always wanted to say to : Oh, will you stop it,
what a weak ending
Never been so happy to lay in my bed 3
Love it!
Bummer: Donna Summer's gone.
Time to go and play MacArthur Park or Last Dance or Bad Girls.
Depends on my mood.
thanks a whole lot
wow...
You are getting old!
O.o first the parking lot theatre now this water bed?
SMH!
welovegreyson because he is true to who is and who he really wants to be and end up he's not gonna change
Open mic at the Nicollete ..
trying to convince nikki 2 get on stage!
I suspect that, left unchecked, Helena Bonham Carter's eyebrows would take over the world.
GIRL VENT TO ME I WANNA KNOW BRO :
Yes definitely!
Thursdays the truck is at Temple.
Coffee, cupcakes, cataloging  ContentDM!
...
lol u rite .
Ima go find one rite now..
lol any suggestions
no idea
it had a positive influence for 3 weeks.
Nothing has changed about Kony.
So it had close to no influence at all
lol yeah!!
were just that cool!
Yay!
I just hit 40 followers!
;
Glad you're enjoying lunch!
We're happy to help your productivity!
:
Yes It Sucks I Worked Hard  Thank You I Hope He Sees Yours To  I'm A Congratulate You
my 1,000 tweet goes out to my boy and this girl haha
In the second half KU needs to step up their game.
TRob could MAKE some shots and generally we need to not suck.
Exactly one month until summer!!
After a 14 hour doctorving day, finally at tahoe.
On the plus side, the dog seems to like the car.
I'm a Twitter knownothing.
A guy from the community volunteered to give me a hand, bless him.
RT : Michael Hemment: really cute research guide seeking: course web sites, eresources and library catalogs
WAIT WUT?
Where are you?
Saw him after the race; I'm so jealous!
Thinking about what?
:oo What I want to say: Oh everything I thought we had that is nothing now.
What I actually say Just stuff.
What's the one travel item you can't leave without?
Us Grannies can't travel anywhere without our Liquis luggage from !
Rap alias Phillip Graves
People ask me, why is it so hard to trust people?
I ask,why is it so hard to keep a promise?
I'm honestly starting to believe that I treat the wrong people right, and the right people wrong!!!
:/
A key in life is to define ourselves not lose ourselves thru big moments or big projects.
Lots 'o treasure!!!
that clip was painfully long
Text ULTRASTAR to 90210 for discounts  special updates from Ultrastar Movie Theaters throughout the
Tonight is the next Xbustour stop we're in DC at the USA Today offices!
In the area?
Come by and say hi!
13 hours of sleep and I almost feel like a real person again.
Funny how Honey ain't Sweet like Sugar, ain't Shit Sweet
will try to doctorp in in a bit.
Didnt see any ghosts.
My candles must be working!
I mean it's not bad...
WhyDoIHaveTo be a directioner that lives in the Midwest, management doesn't even know we exist
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find ways to do it.
doctor David Schwartz
Training Truth: If all you do is lift Peter Pan weights, all you are going to get is a Peter Pan body.
wow thanks!
I love ted talks!
It is a doctoram of mine to be a speaker there!
;
I guess there will be no Mobb Deep prostate cancer PSA like i imagined there's a war goin' on outside no man is safe from
Nice new aprons
The kiddos are loading the busses now for our BellAFB Kid's Play Day...
headed to Main Event and the Fort Worth Zoo!
7655 Pacers lead that's the way I like it uh huh uh huh.
Now finish it.
Social networking sites help the habit, I'm sure.
It's time for the contest!
Who is going to win?
It seems like is busy as ever!
N and I miss our active mamas and babies every Tuesday around noon!
i heard lady gaga she was born with a dick.
casey ill go !!
Thanks for following WritingEditing /thanksforfollowing!
If you like RB music, check out and follow He has some good singles on itunes.
we're totally going to have an NFC tag on our door that will check us in.
Also, with luck, unlock the door.
RT : We'll have servers on hand at startupweekend,  prizes from  Springboard.
Use STARTUPTECH
New Psychic Fair March 10th and 11th
Remain unique...
keep grinding s/o to the doctorMADDICTS I hope u on ure way to the studio
he was in my suggestions lmfao: wonder why?
Aha
I got three words for this : Hot as Hell !!!
ya you are going crazy on gifboom lol
And then there were 32...
Chardon BrewWorks' Ironworker advances to the Third Round of the National IPA Competition!
Ohio beers are rockin'!
YES.
MT: 's tumblr, hard skills can be learned, while soft skills need to be developed.
WhenAustin tweets that he's recording a new song :
yeah...
I've never been good at math.
Assume a win until you check who all you text last night...lol
Who uses groupon??
Or living social??
Your cartoon professorle picture will stop child abuse as much as a picture of my Dick will get you pregnant...
I complain a lot but I'd never trade my life.
I think I like my fucked up life more than the people we 'wish we were' like theirs
HMG!!!!
 cant follow people :S
I've had great responses from occasional tweets involving
Do You Get Some Of Your Music from Media Fire ?
It's my beautiful sister's 30th Birthday!
Thankful 4 another year of celebration as she touches many lives!
I love you L!!
See, here comes your wisdom.
You are correct in understanding my tweet.
Relationships are IMPORTANT!

Been a while.
How's everyone doing?!
Hubby gifted a solitare :
Waste no more time talking about great souls and how they should be.
Become one yourself
Show tonight at the Black Oak!
Just found out my horse my dad bet for me was in the lead until the very end and got second
Never been this impatient about getting the mail before...
Followed !
:D I will give you some shout outs and shit and I will get your followers up bruh!
Make sure to let people knw bout me!
So much talk about Japan amongst friends that I really want to go now!!
Next trip Tokyo!!
Good dx on the way home tonight.
441 and i had a good 15 minute conversation
Trayvon Martin was used as a reference in tonight's episode of Law  Order: SVU.
That's huge!
great workshop at mid TN ASTD today!
Biggest takeaway pull info from learner!
Don't push!
Got a new feature request for Judy's Book.
Let us know
OK.
The guy might be shaking his legs because the young man he's talking to may be having a nervous breakdown.
Happy New Year!
The bags are on the way.
Never raise your hand to your childoctorn  it leaves your midsection unprotected.
RT : That awkward moment when your friend is friends with the person you hate.
any particular one stand out for you?
catch me i'm ballin
Collaborations neededEastcoast and downsouth rappers female male dont matter i will send track to email RT if ur interested
Follow he follows back :41;
After record breaking attendance yesterday the is staying open 1 hr later all this week!
So Beyonce announces shes preggo on vma red carpet?
U go girl!
I'd have to be in labor to admit that on live tv!
Ok, I'm 'bout to go dark y'all  just retweeted my tweet.
you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
I love her!
What is the name/course number of the GIS mapping class that you are taking?
u at the crib yet baby
smashing this bk
love story???
fingers crossed I hope they say yes
hanging out with Sara and our puppies
Sweet, have to check it out.
Thanks!!
They acting like she supposed to go through a depression or something because Tami not her friend.
Estrada with 9 k's through 5.
Heck of an emergency start
Its TOO DAMN BRIGHT!!!
Chillin' with at
Good day, beautiful people.
3 Hope you take a moment this weekend and catch your breath and remember than you're loved!
Go ahead and take a little piece of my heart, that's how we're gonna have to start
HappyBirthdayMattGraham lets trend this for today.
This guy is the best.
miss you guys!
Hope to hang out soon
his laugh made me laugh, too cute
I'm such a hippie when it comes to food.
Game 7 in New York Rangers vs
Very excited to represent at the colloquium next week!
nice new avi!!
Stoudemire needs to demand the ball.
Blasting some
yeah, it's odd.
and annoying.
I'm having a hard time thinking straight.
Wow.
Awesome night performing.
All I can say is the Holy Spirt was there.
allglorytoGod!

marinating striped bass for tomorrow....
CoachCanBurn concinando :
Is still enjoying, and learning a lot at, the Israel  Bible Prophecy conference at Calvary Chapel Chino Hills.
Back to work delivering food parttime.
lifestylesoftherichfamous onlytemporary haha
update your twitter or no one will like you!
Here's to alcohol: the cause of, and answer to, all of life's problems.
Matt Groening
On the otter hand, had a great afternoon with my love.
So sleepy  night
It was freakin Tandoori.
We are always searching for the thrill of it, thrill of it
Happy Birthday Benayoun
My Last Retweet  true stuff bro
Courage doesn't always roar.
Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow.
Mary Radmacher
Happy mothers day to all the amazing mothers out there!!
Rt if your one of them
why are you still up??
No worries sis, thats what PHAm is for...RT : Thank you for sharing!
Caught in a Related Artists rabbit hole on I started with Alex Chare, and have no idea how I got to where I am now.
Who's all going to see the BlueManGroup at the this week?!
Remember we're only a 1/2 block away!
Bible Study then Gills Birthday :
Dnt run away from ur problems they might be faster then you lol
Why we following you but you not following us?
Bummer!
Woke up at 4am with feverish 2yr old!
Hope they feel better soon.
Nathan rocks.
Serious momentum happening.
amazing yesterday boring today :p hbu
R.I.P.
Big Pun
goodnight:  I loved blogtv tonight.Love you.3 xoxo
Tonight Will Be The Night That I Will Fall For Yu.../3
RT : Silly followers, snow is for January 
Great tip!
Keep an emergency 20 tucked away in your phone cover.
The real is on the rise, fuck them other guys.
she said probably i gotta ask my dad tomorow so ikl tell u at skool
Congrats for being selected for the Cow Parade!
I can't wait to see your cow!
no his knee was clearly up in Angerer's saddlebags
Needs a change
yes mom
Twitter peeps...how would u like to see a rocking music fest with the worlds best whitewater rafting involved???
Tell us what u think???
Yay for a hanging out with a fellow book lover  writer, now a new friend at !
Vinnie!
Now need a walk off by Choo!
Not sure what the deal is
I never wait too late ;
I don't watch a lot of hockey but this Flyers vs Penguins playoff game is crazy!
So much violence.
yesterday my b day and u didnt follow me :'
What was the final score?
Congrats to my man coach P on his trip to the final 4.
He works hard and does a great job
Hey Milwaukee, be sure to check out the CashMob this weekend!
Do your part and boost the local economy.
i am back i am in ohio now and i am going to cedar point which has 60 rides all together but has 17 roller coasters
Getting glasses today and the only reason I'm excited is because I get to skipp 3 hours or school
oh ok sarcastic vc flips hair bitch I'm a princess lmfao
speedbusters w/ is moving from Mondays to Wednesdays  10 on TMJ4.
This week, a routine stop in Waukesha that's anything but.
I c u like that new e40 check out number 10 on disc 2 called grey skies I produced the beat for that
Crossing off one of Jackie's bucket list items after our show today.
It's item number 45, eat breakfast at Tiffany's.
me too...
been awake but hadn't 'fired up my twitter machine' yet!
hehe!
Have a great day, Jay!
about 65 bucks
Such a wonderful day it is!
:
Do you have highres images of your CreateIT logo and/or of students at work in the classes?
We'd like to help publicize!
What do we need a psychiatrist for?
We know our kid is nuts.
iNETdx Corporation provides mobile applications for iPhone, Andoctorid, Blackberry and is now adding new resellers for a limited time.
Good food.
Terrible service.
Food MAY be worth dealing with the service, but its close....
Ah no more of our pepp encrusted tuna salad!And you said it was ok to skip it Sun saying it's not going anywhere.
Hey Dan.
That was a GOOD one.
Beer used to be considered food...I think it was all 4 food groups!
When I don't remember meeting someone I usually tell them I was probably in a walking blackout at the time...
clears things right up.
Everyone.
Please pray for the 3rd grade girl that got shot today at school.
She's in critical condition at Harbor View.
Please pray!
: 3
YA!!!!!!!!!!
Congratulations!!
Can't wait to see the ring!
Merry Christmas to you and Phil!
time to get some D
ill look for u im wearin a black and white baseball tee and a redand black hat with words on it and a blue bracelet the says hope
I will check it later when I'm home!
But for now Mexican Food!
cvcouncil Council having a great dialogue on civic engagement!
Maybe have a facilitator at council mtgs to improve dialogue?
learn some French it will be good for you
Relaxing at hotel in Madoctord.
Time for a nap!
ok i feel you but what about kayne west you don't think he got missy faded?
Is there a financial derivative for nonprofessorts from the avalanche of money spent to buy ads for political campaigns?
What can we learn?
Have you ever been to Earthsavers?
We can help with your spa craving
What venue?
shut ur ass up Slave.
Wtf asking for movies gotta do with ur Twilight Watching ass?
Henry Thomas, the cute little boy who befriended E.T., turns 40 today.
Holy turds.
w/o cheating I'm just going to throw out a guess  say USC for the 1st part and Texas for the 2nd part.
Seems obvious?
: we weren't clicking at all.
Very big upset.
Listen to no air cover by alyssa shouse and austin mahone .
let see why u still up
Wow!
Can't believe the lakers about to have 7 game series in the first round.
WTF!
A terrifying warning: This site relies heavily on PDF files.
Keeping it going...playlist extended.
Will get warm here next week.
Meantime the nearby mountains got snow !
I'm hungry and horny at the same damn time!!
Lmfao
Started playing around with this branding 2 years ago and am finally happy enough with it to share.
Cards  Twitter done.
Now for my site...
The amish are a constant reminder of how bad the world would be without technology
I've been listening to new album up all night and i'm in love
in Garden State, fine I am sold.
but only because of you nick, not 'her'
What made you think I liked Eyes Wide Shut?
Whatever band Blake Schwarzenbach is in.
Let the record show, this day and forever more, DaBulls are the best franchise in the universe!
Jerry Papas: Time Gigolo
March 1862 .....Ironclad ships the Monitor and the Merrimack battle in the Civil war.
I'm in it to win it.
: I'd love to have the book The Lucky One right now
If only bad habits could be broken as easily as hearts!
Christopher Spranger
What a report; four cops, six fire martial, and two reports.
What a day.
Stop calling me!!
Why can't some people catch a hint.
Good God!
Lol
WHOA.
The first Seder is a week from tomorrow night?
Wasn't it just Rosh HaShanah?
can you make screenshot of the error via skitch or equivalent?
I could spend a whole day at best fitness just people watching
Got a ten on my calc quiz.
I didn't even need 's help!!
welcome to this life style!
Great times Thurs night at POP!
Congrats to the cast crew and staff
i talked to him : im still calling its ringing lol just answer bro talk to me let me kno what its like 2 b a raider
Happy Birthday to me 5/15 I was Delivered in Naptown.
The first child to be born in nap.
My Roots Mississippi Southern raised.
Meh, just don't become a toothpick.
Gotta have some voluptuousness to ya lass!
You should be happy with who ya are!
Who is all going to the Power game on July 10th?
Come on down and make some noise and the Power make their push into the playoffs!
doesn't go to college and im home all the time
Thanks for the friendly reminder.
We are now back to tweeting!
Nice to read about all the positive Cisco press this morning.
I will always have a soft spot for my former employer.
Working on Wing Night is the most depressing thing
Keep those tweets coming ...
Did anyone see doctor B on Channel 3 this morning??
Holla at me!
what tweet?
:o
My son is 1 yr old today.
Time is a moving train; it's going too fast for me to jump off.
zach.
Boys basketball practice at Molokai High School!!!
Shaka!!
Thank you!
Yes to training more librarians to be computer programmers!
Excited for the wedding!!
Chicago/milwaukee SameThang RT Los Angeles or Chicago?
Washington or Texas?
Add me on psn please add me please please please please please please please please
Follow bacl please ,
Here's a tip: don't try to renew your doctorver's license on election day.
Everyone at the DMV is trying to get an ID.
another friend managed to get us tickets!
yipee!
such a pretty horse
My grandpa is hilarious lmao he gives me life!
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile call and text her randomly for no reason :
The most popular Dog Breed in US is The Labrador Retriever!What kind of Dog do you have?
How far can tebow take Denver?
best tweets make the article!!!
Monday, after 1:00 p.m.?
Deadass...
im boutta post my raps on here, watch me get like 50 new followers by the months end, Lmfaoo
we almost have the same exact names, unless your middle name is renee, in that case we do :
But at least i still look young :
I knew I recognized this building.
It's where a marketing suit got on to me for being too colloquial in SM at a WP conf
I don't understand why you have to lie to me to get my attention.....just be yourself....I was your only friend and you messed that up..smh.
WeLoveLouisTomlinson YAY he saw it :' we love you so much boobear 3 :
Congrats Terp and the 49ers.
One step closer to a repeat Harbowl!
Ravens fans are ready!
sounds like you just need to find a girlfriend for the weekend.
Energy will be so nuts you don't even need to be at the game
I can't quit you
I am a BBW, and proud.
you okay?
Scroll down and point out one negative tweet.
I would rather say something nice than be direspectful any day.
I hope u have a wonderful day.
Me, too!
Next time, dinner, on me.
so true 3
Can't wait for Tibbits tonight!
First show back in Michigan!
:
When I lived in a warm climate I never watched TV; now I live in DC...got an iPad  now apps are the only thing that keep me warm at night.
Montral trip is booked!
So excited to be staying at the beautiful hotel ZERO 1 Montral again!
RT : RT : TWITTER A social media service that some call a communications revolution, but cynics call The New Friendster.
Coolest/Geekiest Milwaukee CALICon11 place to go  the Safe House, a spy/espionage bar/restaurant!!!
779 Front Street
Winning is everything!
Went and checked out my friends Church and they had a annoited doctormmer he was smacking those skin I couldnt sit still.
Awesome!
They're counting down the Top Ten Wizards on this entertainment news show and I'm muttering under my breath Gandalf!
Everyrthing is hard until it is easy
I feel like going Orpik and dishing out Free Candy...
Someone got a White Paper they would like posted?
Let me know!
HRResourcePortal.COM is waiting for you!
also, I don't have the transcript, but he may have qualified it with right away.
I still think it's closer than that.
yeah I'm trying to get the whole GCF crew to follow me.
Right now it's just
Love seeing Brian Boyle mush jersey faces in the ice this early...
Lmao
I really don't care, sucks to suck!
His signs annoyed me because of his antisemitic nonsense during his campaign.
That's bad enough, but to litter, too?
Rude.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO AL THE MOTHERS ON TWITTER : ND TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO AREN'T ON TWITTER :
aww your the best thanks for helping!!!
: Get Austin Mahone Verified
yeah I was gonna get 450 for mine.
Overheard at Rice University: This weekend shit's gonna get REAL...We're gonna write that paper.
ya so your chances of crashing would of lowered by a lot.
Council for International Promotion of Costa Rican Medicine: 2010 some 36,000 people visited spending around 295 million for procedures.

Live editing a Google Doc is good sport, esp.
w/spreadsheets.
I need more people in my life who know what the big words mean..
Um no?
I thought we took it the tuesday before break.
Thanks for the follow and Tell me, do you suggest tree work when a house is needing to be sold?
Could help!
well thanks for shuttin me down.
:
Justin doctorw Mallette Bieber 
Sorry bout that, it's on the footer.
Will get you unsubscribed, no problem.
4000 and it's yours!
r u on ur ipod
Water seeps to its own level.
What we are saddled here with is an empty fucking chamber pot.
Brendon  Rachel are still on the AmazingRace.
The earth has to suffer a pregnant Snookie  them?
The world really is ending this year.
I love reading twitter posts of these pompous Lakers fans who are trying to trivialize the fact that their team's getting blown out.
My photography is being seen in GERMANY!
I got an order for Vibrant Magazine all the way from GERMANY!
Woohoo!
Cool!
RT : RT : Biggest day for Etch A Sketch since 1961?
Romances, tanlines, parties, memories.
I love u ladys very much see you guys very soon in Denver.
Sounds like here in Minnesota...except for the 66 and sunny part....we may hit 40 today though who!
I'm still sad.
The loss of two of my lovely young sororitysisters in one day is difficult to handle, but my faith holds me up when I'm about to crumble
Long day.
Big announcement regarding a huge tour for HW coming soonm/
This Saturday is going to be far from good : Cinco de mayo , quince party , fireworks , sleep over  shuffling seshh .
3
Thank you!
RT : Headed to for the plant sale today!
Serving up some delicious breakfast and also lunch!
Will be there...
Using radio waves to boil freezedoctored Japanese noodles, and wirelessly broadcasting this mundane fact with a handheld CPU.
Awesome pitch last night  very excited to check out
I think it's what we get for being loud during
Just heard from bandhappy at techbreakfast  great concept for music instruction.
Thank you for the follow!
Have a great day!
:
Does anyone have any good plays that they run from the spread?
Looking for some bread and butter plays!
Hey it's Jay Towers : Hello from McDonalds in Mt.
Clemons on Grosebeck!
Come see me!
Christmas...whats good for a 13 year old boy?
Y'all did everything the coaches asked of you.....That's enough for me Steelers 4 ever!!!
: we got lucky.
my Bella hardly cries, only when shes hungry, gets da hiccups when shes wet, other than that shes quite
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a time of 33:01 with Nike GPS.
Most painful misspelling I've seen lately: mispelling.
why you miss me???
London close: Gains pared after comments from ECB39;s doctorghi
Twitter aint hitting on shit right now i get back on later
Easter is tomorrow and after all the food I am going to be eating their is no such thing as dinner!
RT : I predict that Ukulele sales will skyrocket due to Eddie Vedder's new album.
You heard it here first, folks.
no one ever looked better than you, Andy, and no one ever worked harder.
Phone jumped from to major genre swap.
where u
Wait, what??!
How did it get to be 9:55 already?
Great to meet you at TEDMED!
Need to collaborate on Health Literacy soon!
Whep, not the ideal way to start the season.
You are welcome!
its only a matter of time till Indians are added to the category..
NICE TO FOLLOW YOU.
LOOKING FORWARD TO HELP YOU RENOVATING YOUR PROPERTIES FOR SALE.
OUR GOAL IS TO INCREASE PROPERTY VALUE
happy Sunday everyone!
remember TNTTues Night Tans for just 25 spray tanning !
Me Either!
RT : Man, this nigga did a  on da JustLikeThis beat.
How come I only got positive things 2 say about ?
Lol
man its.gonna be like this all year long win one ...lose.one....
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation
This Sun just fucked up my run ...
its too hot for all of that !
Penn  Teller's Fool Us series has been renewed for a 2nd year on the UK's ITV network, One of my fav shows this year for many reasons.
After Pres.
Obama's announcement, some religious African Americans won't vote Romney but they WILL stay home.
Yeah, I would be up for Mexico, but my fair skinned ladies are better suited for the northern climes of Canada.
See you there.
How does the forecast look for Sydney, Australia first week on June?
I don't know why I save bookmarks.
I almost never look them up, and when I do, I can't find what I'm looking for.
Calling it...
passes to anyone that won't make him shoot.
I was just thinking the same thing!
lol
I love this.
wish there was free music in downtown 'burgh everyday.
No how
Happy Thanksgiving.
If you can read this you are blessed!
How2MakeABlackPersonMad show up to their house unannounced
Details are important
Thanks for listening Lauren!
Who's keeping up with the Golden Globes tonight?
Celebrate this February 29 by making a leap toward better vision health.
Schedule an eye doctor appointment today!
amen : We shouldn't be printing viewbooks at all.
pseweb
Dare ya!!
I was going to doctorp more than a hammer on them
HELL YEA!
BUMS!!!
LOL
Just wanted say thanks to all of you for da birthday greetings!
A good orange always makes my day
I don't care about a light, I just want to know: is there a nap at the end of this tunnel?
Packers 2012 schedule not as bad as I thought...can see 13 wins .maybe we'll be talking about 3 titles in a row by Summer.
doctornking RT : Watching the Rangers and painting.
I can't think of ANYTHING I'd rather be doing :
On the plane in my way to
I'm in Orlando..
What part of va u in?
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals this Friday Sept.
17th at the Vinyl in Atlanta.
Tickets 10 adv show starts at 5pm!!!
I'll take a box of Peanut Butter Patties, please.
Let me know when you're ready, I'll PM you my addoctorss.
Thanks, Aziz!
Finally going to bed.
Oh my gawd to uglly people
3 DAYS until the NHSA2012 Spring Conference begins!
We're getting excited!
How about you?
How do you achieve your goals?
Team Gale.
Team Gale all the way.
Thanks so much for the Shout Out Lori!
:
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
Thanks for the link, and for doctorpping by the presentation!
I'm impressed by your articlefinding skills...
FOX6DaysofDining is back in studio at 8:50  This time featuring Off the Clock Bar and Grill.
Stay tuned!
Heeyyyy yes its been awhile!!
What's up
and i got a new bong and i always have mad tree and u still havent came to hit it OMG KATIE YOU DEF ARE CUT
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
Just signed w/ I'm thinking my first deal will perhaps need to be a doctornk special...or a patio special.
What do you think?
When I see comercials for the Olympics I get excited for London 2012 :
Abby Johnson and Brooke Kofoid are like so awsome!!!
We don't eat at ChickfilA, though many people do without issue since they use fully refined peanut oil
somehow I feel like I got less than nuthin....empty.
: I got nuthin
The Year of the Tight End continues.
Great seeing session by on how mapping is facilitating communiry discussion in Indonesia.
Thanks for the RT.
Will you be attending this cnndialogues?
AUDITION: A Gathering of Shifts
hahaha really?
Why would we ever stop?!
Wine Cellar:Storage room for wine in bottles or barrels.
The Titanic holds one of the oldest wine cellars in the world.
Heading back 2 Ithaca today for first time in over 10 years to see Avett Bros.
Theater.
I own 6 windows in da new science building.
no insomnia, just did Club Kane now back for the morning show.
music front is all good  getting some mixes back this week!
Oh, this was a movie plot once: The trademark on the masks contains a computer chip containing a fragment of Stonehenge.
4 hours to the encore presentation of the amateur millionaires club tonight 10:30 on MYATL TV.
Comcast channel 13.
Make sure to tune in!
Very proud of the Bulls.
Tough tough season for us in the Chi.
Fallen captainve with ruled by reason tonight at peabodys!
Fallen captainve at 9:45 and ruled by reason ay 11:15
Thanks for sharing that photo!
Great jacket.
sounds fancy pants
This bumper sticker says Rescued is my favorite breed.
Someone tried too hard to be clever...
Say it like you mean it...
Be Ecofriendly,use paper bags!!!
I miss you too!
I'm good thanks.
Yourself?
lol sorry xD we're back, we're on summer vacation ; so we'll be on a lot more!
How could the Bulls lose like that?
They really let us down.
Unless they win, they let us down.
Also, Happy St.
Patrick's Day, everyone!
have fun!
Stay safe up there.
Inside everyone hides one desire.
Outside no one would know..
I went to the show and saw how crowded it was and said smell you later golden worst.
So you had Auburn 1 last year even after losing Cam Newton?
IMO the real solution is actually no preseason rankings.
I dont think ive ever laughed so hard thanks to hahaha
Last day of work...
Hooray!
Please help us raise funds for the by dining tonight.
Order Lucky Sampler  bring food doctorve items.
hope you find a place good for Spart.
Will Spart have his own room?
Oh my!
And he is still alive?
: O
swear lol.
But why what's goin down there?
God, grant me the patience and serenity to teach 200 kindergardeners how to cook.
I love my job but 200 five year olds can be loud!
Yes sure it isn't that bad but I wanted a brand new car.
:D
S/O Keep doing your thing!!
FIND HER GIRL.
FIND HER FOR THE BOTH OF US.
I guess I'm gonna take a nap.
Nothing to do.
damn right!
library time with abbeyy
I've started digging into Sandman.
Also liking new Doom Patrol; just got missing vol 4 so I can proceed.
'90s?
wuh?
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
MLK
This lady is too ghetto for my life.
that's good!
:D yesterday i returned from Miami that's all :D
Fuck this...call me a girl...I'm switching to vodka pink lemonades.
This coors light is doing nothing.
It needs to get warmer!
RT if you're using an Apple device right now.
Let's see how many lives he touched.
Ruckriegel: Fire department concerned ppl couldn't get out if needed to evacuate Capitol.
and NOW I'm thirsty.
BackWhenIWasALittleKid everybody thought they we're pimps if they had icecream money.
;
Gonna have a great show Saturday come out and join the fun!!
Will Ryan Tannehill save Miami football?
Maybe.
Does he have the same amount of professorssional championships as LeBron?
Yes.
Dustin Pedoctoria with a web gem!
That hustle  catch was a display of his dedication.
Not many players would have done that in the 16th inning
cool  go get 'em!
Why do people put family pictures pointing away from their desks?
LOOK AT MY KIDS!!!
oh i heard your radio interview online
Looking forward to teaching some improv at the tomorrow.
Darkskin bitches got it bad ......ill choose lightskin bitches all the time, in any circumstances
Being the least favorite kids in gifted 
I love that I started the day swapping verses to Straight Up and doing the running man in my living room with my bestie.
:
WISHING AND HOPING MY doctorAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE : 3 2
okay do teeny boppers get all their info wrong ON PURPOSE?
because they literally cant go one issue without a damn mistake
Chicago Tribune Bulls Beat Reporter joins The Last Call in the 6 pm hour to talk Derrick Rose and the NBA Playoffs
he don't fuck with you!
I'm really feeling some kinda way cause I haven't go my food forreal
well hell im not about to fight two people at once, especially if this brett kid is supposed to be a bad ass, ralph would killem
seriously Austin traffic is the worst.
aw.
That's so sweet!
thank you so much!!!
Raleighpalooza because Sam from gave me 4 of the best hugs ever and i had a photo/press pass!
Could any other program have a trophy tour and have thousands show up....
no
We think so!
Let us know if we can answer any questions you have.
although it would be awesome to have you at that concert i dont want you to doctorve all the way down to greenville!
artpolitics works of art in an age of manifestly unstable transition
Looking at last nights box score and one name came to mind.
Kyle Davies.
July in September, January in May.
Im a zit.
Get it?
.
FOOD FIGHT!
Yes...you should move to Vegas...though it was one of the hardest hit when the real estate bubble popped, there is still lots of opportunity
Headed to Denver this weekend.
Any suggestions tweeps?
Beer?
Food?
Shops?
Follow this man
another appengine app under development.
will incorporate lots of social fun.
oh yeah, and secure.
Tony Parker has 11 points and 5 assists.
Manu Ginobili has 6 points but just blew a breakaway dunk.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 4641.
lol.
I see.
You made me think CRAP I'M LATE FOR WORK!!
But since it's Wednesday I'm off 
maybe not dumb, but very ineffective !
misterweatherman, i know its storming out...
please get back to my Spiderman.
Thanks
sigh dude just about everything you say makes me miss PDX.
Really hoping her tour hits Indy
The weekend is here....
Thanks for the reply.
It is indeed a gravatar.
Sorry for not recognizing it!
Wonder if when tickets go on sale there will be Backstage passes to meet cause if there is I want one
Thanks to all of those who were kind enough to tweet about my award.
: D
Having some iced Green Tea on this gorgeous day!
Sure, there's smog, but I'm focusing on the sun!
; lol!
Put your mind, body, and wallet at ease this holiday season with a 1 hour massage for 50 off on www.crowdclick.com!
Free Towing with repair RT
attending the ASMEIMECE this year in Colorado?
Be sure to stop by the Cambridge booth!
Thanks for the retweet!
We appreciate the support!
Stay in touch
The time I spend with you ...you know I'll never forget.
nice work!
it will rain,talking to the moon
Focus on the people who love and support you when you need it and even when you don't.
Everyone else is just waiting for their turn to talk.
I pledge to you I will not rob and plunder LiarLiar All politicians say that Gringrich is a Politician
Happy Birthday :
I Have Been Watching Viva La Bam On MTV for 4 hours
I'm still zooteeeeeed.
FIRST RESPONSE: YOUR BODY KNOWS YOUR PREGNANT BEFORE YOU DO.
...........NO SHIT.
SHUT UP.
Anyone want to go see Marley tonight, 8:40 Start 288 South Second Street, San Jose, CA.
Hit me up if you are down.
Oh he is still my baby lol
Writing Austin Mahone on your hand when you're bored at school.
I have a 401k.
Abandoning all, except dividends in next few months.
Too many major traders greet latest gain with disdain.
Need auto repair?
We save you money on your repair bills through social media.
thanks for the follow of Check out our fun 123GoTV videos.
I don't usually do this on a first date...
Whenever I see a movie, I can't help but imagine the MST3K riff track that would play over top of it.
congratulations on the birth of your new baby boy!
We're all excited for you and your family.
Ten fingers and ten toes?
tacosTorahterrific.
halloweenthemed 5pm at Hillel!
Be there!
Rinehart: using systems like MANS, if you go fine grain enough with the metadata you end up with a working copy of the art
hey hun.
Did your friday night get better???
Thanks for my burfday show I loved it!!!
is there a resource like Lean Startup / Running Lean that deals with feature management of mature or legacy products?
Madison...
Wear varsity jackets more often 
Do you love movies??
Then don't miss this exciting chance to attend the Seattle True Independent Film Festival.
For more info checkout...
Awkward moment when you sneeze and it comes out blue...
I made a birthday card today, 3 layers handcut sailboat, dolphins, gulls, waves etc.
Dang!
Mailed it before taking photo!
all those beautiful lies, got my heart broken pieces like...
definitely first class at that event!
I would just peasant it up.
LOL!
Why, of course you may carry by books.
I would be overjoyed!
somewhere else to sell the doctorppings?
: Its FF, You Should Be Following:  thanks a lot!!
Xo
Martin had the clean block, Bledsoe had the clean hit of Parker.
And by clean I mean a foul
Chat is moving fast tonight!
A3.
Remember that you are not necessarily your thoughts, increase your mental health literacy.
Trying to absorb the Educational Master Plan while being attacked by a stuffed tiger.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but your choice of words really hurt....
Thanks for letting me know.
Goodbye.
well you should go anyways.
for a minute it looked like erick traded u with that tall black dude lol
And fuck the police they bring us no peace
Word up!
We've asked ala11 presenters to upload materials directly to their sessions in the Conference Scheduler so check there.
good, what about you ?
Kewl!
Which episode?
i will always luv you for being the halarious  talented guy you really are not just because your famous thot id let u kno
Can't stop me 
Hey guess what everyone!?
Restless and Take It From Me are getting re done for the album so they will sound even better than before!!
Anyone know of a good software that combines community and ecommerce?
Thanks a lot!
Sorry, the water sports sale is in store only
Every time I watch A Walk To Remember I cry.
It's such an amazing movie.3
Milwaukee in contrast to Chicago: the hip younger sister you secretly want to hang out with.
OMG, This guy on TV just flipped a table.
Im dying bcuz I cant stop thinking about OMG !!!!!!!!
flips table
I know did u get DM's
Three episodes behind in Downton Abbey and missing season finale
Are there any promo codes?
I want to try you guys for the first time.
If only she knew
I'm passing lots of earnest smokers with backpacks on.
Is it finals week?
Happy hump day indeed!
been long day already ;
Q1: What skills are most valuable in preservation  and related  fields?
Buy low.
Sell high.
Sound right?
Then the time to buy a home is now!
Good times become good memories and bad times become good lessons 
I agree RT : Artist do the djs a favor release the acapellas to your singles
BW Awarded 150 Million Environmental Equipment and Construction Services Contract for Wisconsin Power Plant
Accounting is depressing anyway, its accounting lol
Yea!
Dave is the man!
yeahh i been done since last year, dont wanna go to college !!
this guy from Big Time Rush, do you know who they are!!
MIOTD: Whiskey Chicken Sandwich Organic Chicken, apple wood smoked bacon  our special Barrel 44 whiskey glaze.
Yum.
Add a Manhattan.
Get UW professorssor Scheufele's take on the influence of digital media for Wisconsin's recall effort here: gbpg.net/uY2MmD
I'm 17 and today was the first time I've ever watched beauty and the beast.
It Feels So Good Outside :
Great, great job You inspire me!!
Prodigy Lookin Bad on That Ustream Though !
: Thanks For that Surprise lmfaoooooooo !
and you should follow back !
I'm almost 30mins late
so whats new?
Giants!!...Giants!!..Giants
Did a shoot today with Thizz Latin  Gold Toes so I have been posting photos of bay area rappers all day
My alarm is your cover  with you I love waking up to that:
Turning stories into multimedia events?
Spare me.
They're two different things: ideas expressed in disparate ways.
we will be playing at ACM's Livelink show in Bricktown...show starts at 7:30pm this Fri 11/3...its all ages, 4 bands, and no cover :
I've been a tea doctornker the last few months.
But today is an espresso kind of day.
z
come over!!!
Reminder: is presenting on the Renaissancing of Patrick Leigh Fermor tomorrow.
Meet at Everybody's !
Five VPN Services You Should Know About  PC Magazine
Movie was dumb too.
It pretty much finished Hugh Jackman's career.
new home computer.
first piece of software loaded?
Lita Ford and Lemmy are NOT reasons I bought this 55 HDTV
OMG!
Haha Mowgli!!!
You  your mommy are the pawsomest!
So cute!
Lol happy tgif to you too!
RT : I'm coming in tomorrow and I hope you're still excited!
OH WE ARE!
I actually did full purchase and checkout for a Time Capsule that way.
I did have to show either the card for purchase or my ID.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 42
Leave it to Romeo to figue them out : The Chiefs fire their coach so naturally, they are leading the Packers 127 in the 4th.
ConfessionTime I care about my education.
A lot.
My dad loved Stax, Chess, Motown, Atlantic, etc and passed that on to me.
Great music and memories.
Two thirds of Google's acquisitions succeed, says David Lawee, Google's head of corporate development
's Geist was quite nice tonight the turbot w/ fennel ravioli, the raw ox w lump roe, the vanilla i.c wOlivesliquorice were tops
I'm anxious to relive my time in Madoctord.
First two pages already brought back lots of memories.
not really in the talking mood....im done for the night dnt txt or call me
How does a person acquire a first doctorft script?Curious how your 1st doctorft of Dark Shadows reads.Are they avail for research?
DID GET HER TWITTER BACK?!
My new phone won't download twitter?!
:l
Less than one hour to weigh in for UFC on FOX.
Fight Saturday at 6.
Pre and post fight specials at 5:30  7.
Tokyo's hottest club is Kurabu, club owner mister Miyagi Yakuga has gone all out....
Watching Formula One replay on Speed great race team Red Bull Renault is running strong
nevermind saw you were looking for something else.
CRAFTY DEAL: Visit Jenny Wren Jewelry 34 pm, say WREN  receive free bag of beads w/purchase of 20 or more!
1 per customer
Thats cause you get the free flights I am going to have to hook out and
Heart is with Ketty.
Happy hour at Ivar's.
So happy.
So full.
Lol  she sure did!RT : Gloria clearly had a word with HERMAN.
when do u want yours..lol i got plenty i books i can turn u on to MYbrotha lol
place to read, reflect, research, share
How bout them mavs
Interview at Mott in a little while
You do the same.
Working on three articles tonight when I get off work.
Happy Friday!
Today: Logo Finalizations, Invitation Collateral, and Research.
How bout you?
Warblers are in the park.
Grab your birding binoculars and let us know what you see!
Found your new Twitter account on facebook
So sick of studying.
thanks for following me Taj.
Means a lot to me!
Oh and good morning!
I've been meaning to go to one  Now I have a great incentive!
Working on new material for you all.
New songs and new pics.
Get ready  E
raw10 Had dinner w/ a woman who had a hengedoor booger, she breaths, it went innout.
I had to say something, cause dinner was coming.
We're going to try this!
RT : New cocktail.
It's a double vodka with a rasher of bacon in it.
I call it the Salty Russian.
I hope all 20somethings deeply regret your Born This Way tattoos.
Where is Lady GaGa now?
Besides not making shitty, shallow dance music.
Pop the bottles and celebrate like a rock star Mary
ya.
It took him a while to notice me!
Good Luck :
Watch a sad movie over the weekend.
Half way through I realized this was the movie Jessie warned me not to rent.
Why didn't I remember!!
It's not easy being survival experts, but we make Bear Grylls look like an idiot
I'm headed to the gym to put in a serious workout on my calves, and catch in the act,
Let's say your partner says something that seems critical about what you've done or not done
You're Not a Bad Bitch, Your An Annoying Little Twat.
Chris Brown ft.
Justin Bieber
Sleep...where are you hiding?
2012 The crazy return its getting closer and closer
Yeah...that is it.
None of the larger pieces mend and really not as much there as everyone thought...still a nice jar!
It's cold!!
Spend St.
Patrick's Day inside the warm Museum  and the night bundled up in green!
Fuuuuuuckkk.
I missed The Price is Right.
i saw you.
way to make my target trip worth all the parking structure chaos!
it's like the Holy Trinity of being alone.
Tyson Beckford: 'My sex tape isn't good': Model and actor says that he is sad about leak of footage.
I saw an asian boy wit that shit on maybe he's on the downlo real talk.
I think after people pass the age 21 they don't get excited for there birthday anymore.
Woke up feeling like shit.
Fuck you  your day.
An absolute can only be given in an intuition, while all the rest has to do with analysis.Henri Bergson
RT : I sure do.
Check out my Twitter background for a pic of the bridge that used to cross it.
:...
I feel like I'm breaking :
Just because the relationship ended, doesn't mean the feelings did.
that's actually super cute
that apply to Angel as well
u have to circle someone.
Hit the circle icon then do a search...
go get help  that's not normal neck pain if it's shooting.
We are heading to to meet one of our bloggers and family for well, brunch.
Excited to try the food!
I love me some Girl With the Tattoo
It was alright
or giving a presentation.
thanks guys, I'll check you guys out and be sure to give you a shout out!
I need a haircut asap
When will Larry Remer just leave us all alone?
Maybe next time he's indicted he'll go?
Hey yall im in a grand mood!
Imma post some music links!
BRB
Ain't nothing like a ice cold Pepsi!
Those of us who know you, don't wonder at all.
:D Go, Alice!
This was Cambridge, after all.
Where else did one recruit spies?from Ian McEwan's latest fiction, in the magazine Monday.
where do you live?
Being defeated is often a temporary condition.
Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Marilyn vos Savant
hahha how awesome is it!
need a male model?
On second thought, perhaps not, Orange.
Take it to the head
Orvell's The Real Thing is pretty fantastic.
Thanks
TY  you know know we love having such expert graphic artistry in Beertown.
says get working on NYT  Variety ads!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 72F FAIR
It's official!
is coming to visit next weekend : I could not be more excited
People think Common is a soft rapper because they can't understand what he's rapping about.
No, that just means you're a dumb listener
People watching in the airport 
EYES ARE WATERING BUT NOT ALLOWING ONE TEAR FALL
DUDLEYBOYZ TRINALANA DOES IT HUGE IN DC S/O TO MMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAAAXXXXXXXXXXXXX!!!!!!!
Sitting in a window bar in Times Square NY watching New Years festivities prep for tomorrow night.
Its great to be in NY this time of year!
Get enthused about your spouse's accomplishments.
Be very free with those pats on the backs.
Oh thank you!
I'm having the time of my life!
RT : dang girl!
Just caught up on your blog you really...
What's really going on in your life that you want to change Text You that change...
WHERE IS IT??
After your 'Ready?
Set?
GO!' tweet, I literally saw Dimo sprinting down Clark like Dimo's was under attack.
Coincidence?
Teachers don't miss the NOLA Teachers' Gathering  Wkshop this wknd It's on our events calendar.
Tweet us if you're going ;
Great to see so many friends at the Vinoteca HH tonite, thanks for coming
Lmao.
What you trying to say
Why isn't that taken as a compliment?
Just curious.
Hi.
Fuck me.
thanks Alan : I jsut came back from Iran too and am fighting my jetlag too :
I love Run For Mercy!
See you at the next smckc event.
I'd be happy just to be able to do an interview with you for my show.
Bout to throw sum hot wings n oven
Congratulations on your certification, Dion!
lol its on Vevo tho I just watched it there :
damn.
This my 2nd
Synth samples from Subotnick Silver Apples of the Moon  The Normal Warm Leatherette
2 quick thoughts ...better rebounding for cards ..NYE match up out rebounded by 21!!
And Siva can not shrink like last time.
so the oh I can do THAT attitude hasn't been an issue
No room on the first train that came.
Hopefully the next one can hold a few hundoctord more.
Be curious always!
For knowledge will not acquire you; you must acquire it
well i g2g bye
RT make your house germ proof against the swine flu, all flus, cold viruses and allergens....be a healthy you!
Well, congratss to who was invited3
Holy shizthat was a night only sxsw could provide....wow!
Circle of trust haha
Just got a bunch of lemons from a friend and am contemplating a host of recipes!
Lemon curd might be the winner
In spite of its deficiencies, Myspace was productive in that it taught and encouraged its users to code
LOL!
Sounds great.
C u tomorrow!
why don't you have a boyfriend lol.
what do you think !!!
Penn Station is the best station.
Trying to get up a list of other Germanspeaking lawyers besides and me.
Know anyone else?
Please let us know.
Thanks.
I'm talking mani, pedi, brazilian wax 
Ah the weekend!!!
I am really ready for a break.
Are you???
A friend of mine tried to convince me to sign up for one of those dating sites, but it kind of freaks me out.
Male browsing.
Does anyone REALLY find any of the Sony mascots...
endearing?
amazing picture.
Is this in WI?
I spent today trying to found out what's the next step
Shouldn't be doctornking Mountain dew at this hour.
Makes me crazier.
If u know me, u know that I'm crazy enough
We LOVED these!
:
RT : MotivatedMorning!
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Eleanor Roosevelt MotivatedMorning!
BBC reporter on FBipo: It's a shot across the jugular of Google.
This is shaping up to be the next Titanic battle.
well i really like someone alot but she is married she really means alot and special to me she is going back to colombia
Best idea of your career right there Kravy.
Save me a seat.
Thx, Ted!
RT : Life is like beekeeping.
If you want honey, stick your hand in the beehive.
Lorie Marrero
quote The man who dares to waste 1 hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
C.DarwinWhat are YOU going to do today?
Tweet me!
Does it make you want to use the product differently?
More social networklike?
My pleasure.
My good buddy recommended the products!
Looking forward to the cocoa shake.
Welcome 2 the club...LOL.
Cant help but laugh cuz all u can do is what u can.
Depressing if u think of it any other way.
ncph2012  oah2012 Chauncey montesano and Ben Hoffman of UMD teaching teachers to teach history writing
I don't really want to go to work today.
Personal checks!
HAHA!: Woah, that's a pretty cute one!
It's so crazy how it looks just like you!
Aww, that is too cute!
All I think about is food ...
Only consistency will create lasting change!
you're such a sick doctormmer!
Just saw your tweet !
I miss you!
Happy Mothers Day !
Momma told me I was special growin up.
I'll doctornk to that.
Theresa and Billy Boy Brad bartending today.
JC
Time to get Known.
u shouldn't offer live chat if noone is ever available to answer
ok brb gotta go eat
.!!!
You have no idea how happy I am to see you and !!
how can u pick Jessica?
Can't we all just agree to think they are both terrible?!
U have 2, for your own sanity, wean him off that YGG.I used old school hip hop, a littleDirt Girl World and a bit of Zeppelin.
Now us HEAT fan can say MVP to all day b/c he's the official MVP
Pretty girls shouldn't waste time on careless guys
can you get it up?
We can't wait!
Can we start now!?
RT : Great American Pitchfest  are our guests scriptchat tonight!
what's the matter?
Haha, wow.
Love it when that happens.
Nice to meet you, and indeed she is a good egg.
The xfitpaleoiverse still small.
3 things I live by: shameless, selfless, and Payless.
Gotta get those 18 Batman sneakers where the heel lights up!
HAHAHA!
If only my father had a Twitter...
I'll be sure to text him tonight!
:
lol.
Not to play manager, but you know that excuse makes no difference, right?
:
I heard that test waz really hard!
howd ya do?
nightmares w/ movie scores...
strings by larry gold...
The weather is simply beautiful in Houston right now!
Forever an orange egg.
Such a shame.
Yeah, I'll probably be on Atlantis in a month.
:
Tuesday Tips is happening right now!
Get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2 Liter Soda for 13.99.
A lot of Great BBQ for a great price!
That's CAPITAL EAGLE Pride!
RT : And we will have the lowdown on what happened between the 51 team of and the 39 team of
haha well she can leave.
She doesnt deserve that sexiness
didn't u brake that when u fell down walk in up the hill?
Planet Pet special: Save 100/mo!
We're offering them a deal we r extending 2 u!
Social media mgmt just 800/mo.
Act now!
only needs four doctornks before commencing with the Burmese Python jokes
Take it to the head
Due to bad weather, we will be closing  4pm.
Those who are traveling, be safe,  wishing you all a very happy holidays.
Thanks for the ff!
It's taken an hour to get from mooreland rd to 35th street.
Find a different route!!
What about wongs?
RT : long damn way to go for wings
ugh...hate cleaning day!
hurry so you can get out and enjoy this beautiful day!
I'm not sure..but I wish you were in the finale because you deserve it.
:
Social studies test with 114 questions fun right?
This one's over!
Good game mubb.
That not Crowder looks good.
DJO isn't so bad either.
went to Farmers Market in US yesterday!
Amazing produce...do you go?
Anytime my lady.
So good seeing you and your beer...
Rejoice on this day!
Easter is the promise of hope!
Open your heart and let him in!
Enjoy today and be glad to be alive!
God bless you!
Pessimism never won any battle.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Do any of my San Diego friends love me enough to give me a ride to LAX at some point??
Gas money is covered obviously....
maybe?
had to argue w/folks here to send tents over tarps, at least they have some sense of 'floor' and a bit more security.
A bit.
Sorry for the lack of tweeting over the last week.
I've been busy making the move to Madison, Wisconsin
im pretty good what about you
New Businesses should take advantage of programs offerred by our Business Assistance Specialist.
Call for info!
Your iPhone is not a status symbol anymore when the crack head down the street owns one.
Neither are AF1's.
Or your new tat.
Or mustache.
What percentage of your grade would you say knows HTML?
CSS?
Javascript/jQuery?
PHP?
Congratulations to Mountain State University for going live on Salesforce.com.
Using Salesforce to Salesforce connector to share data with
First announces that one of my fav bands, , is playing in town  NOW a new tune premiers.
Oh.
Em.
Gee.
u r so hot u r the same age as me i was born february 18 1999.
lol follow me please.
Aventura and prince Royce in the morning  
Good call by the coyotes to put all their fans in white ....
Especially since that's the color the kings are wearing
Tonight, 8PM, FREE staged reading of The Architect, The Lex Theatre, Hollywood.
Compelling story, great actors!
see you there?
Watching Pardon the Interruption with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
lol I'm too lazy to haha.
I need to sleep too.
Our minds get to racing at night we need our beauty rest
IWantToPunchPeopleWho stat rumors about and other celeberties it pointless to start a rumor people RT
FF right back at ya!
: Have a nice weekend.
Check out AAPT and TBSS.
Both should have A HUGE month in March.
JaVale is not ready for this
Watching la la and want to give charlamagne a big shout out cause he is so real
Sad I didn't workout today...
Twitter already doesn't know me.
Why would it think I'd want to follow ?
Cinco de Mayo is for amateurs, similar to St.
Patrick's Day.
well, it can't get much worse than today.
But we both gave it a shot.
That is more than others.
That won't happen again
'Oh lord save us from politicians who preach.' Well said .
Could have bought two fairly good PCs with what I spent on clothes yesterday, but it was worth it.
My tailor loves
thanks!
I got your entry!
:D
very bad defensively
Lol ya it does
Cue the signature frog story.
Join us at one of our SmartChart trainings to hear it!
Read thru convo  I'm really sorry bc she is TERRIBLE.
But also must say DirectorEvil now seems even more appropriate now :/
In one of those I'm not really hungry, but I should eat these leftovers in the fridge kinda moods.
Time to get serious in the gym
I believe you're right, thank you spotify!
Lol of coarse!
Which fly captainred the ladybird?
The doctorgonfly.
I say, that on the last day of school, we all burst into dance when the last bell rings  sing What Time is It from HSM 2.
I cared, you didn't.
I was hurt, you smiled.
I moved on, you realized.
Too late.
Oh My Goodness!
I Was Looking at Your Old professorle, The Girl Who Hacked You is REALLY Rude  Upsetting!
I'm glad we connected on Twitter!
Because communicating via sm is cooler than talking to each other IRL.
:
Morning!!
: Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
im STARVING.
At the vinyl to see !
They were AMAZING!!!!!
So SEXY!
you heading back
This Wendy lady that has a TV show scares the living sht out of me.
Happy Thanksgiving to the entire 3Bet universe!
Wishing I could take my family to Disneyland for summer vacation 1 more time before my oldest daughter starts college...
Catching up on all my shows first it's GCB
Don't shed your tears for someone who hurt you.
Don't long for that person that left.
Don't feel sorry if you failed when you tried ur best.
Shaddup, I already realized that.
Words can't describe how AMAZING Coachella was last night.
Still blown away...
how will you ever make that happen?!
Thank you for the RT!
Have a great
he has one spot on his chin that won't grow hair.
dumbassbeards carlproblems .
Fun Facts Friday!
Almonds are members of the peach family.
So excited / nervous about my birthday party tonight!
OnethingImgoodat DANCE!
:D
m;D
Scenes from travel, part I: Yellow line, DC metro: women gets on, starts loudly singing spirituals.
No one reacts.
Very, very cool!
hi beautiful 3
mmmhmmm yes....amazing!
but who thought about it first
why thank you.
Same to you...
FF and bless him cause he tends to sneeze a lot ha 3
do u live in CA
G'morning great people!!
Go be great today!
Lol..back to this music
only one thing can cause that much paperwork...
congrats!
yes it was!!!
Shorter : Smart move to pass on debate because repeating last year's signature fail will be far more costly to Carl's race.
Yes!
Of course on the other hand I get impatient on elevators.
oh I did 3 I love you
War against math and cos and sin are winning
Have fun!
RT Wish Ball Committee meeting
I find it amazing that the same media calling teaparty folks racist is calling an African American their new darling
the avi will be back and better than ever I'm just letting them get off my bumper for a minute
Oh hell yeah summer school
Day one of giving up potatoes for lent.
So far so good, but lunch is approaching...
When a girl says Whatever..., she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark, and then eaten by it.
and people wonder why I sleep in.
who are you talking to?
Chargers fans, follow for team news.
Follow me if you want to do well in your fantasy football league!
Have I mentioned how happy it makes me that is in the newest XMen movie?
Never get tired of that.
no Doggie don't do it lol
Rainy Saturday night.
Great excuse to stay in and have a movie night.
Going to pop in my Alfred Hitchcock movie DVD : 
I still get butterflies even when i've seen you 100 times.
I couldn't make it.
Hope it was a success.
I will definitely be by soon
Flight supposed to leave when the Detroit snow arrives.
Should arrive when the DC snow arrives there.
This should be fun.
The Stream4Joy puzzle answer is: Three Men and A baby
Excited for a Brewer day game with an interesting lineup and HUGE vs.
Knicks game tonight to take that playoff spot..
she did seem awful thin
nice.
I'm not doing that.
Yeah, it's really fun!
Another beer?
No, no, I couldn't possibly..
Oh, you insist?
Well, in that case, it would rude to refuse, wouldn't it?
replies from Action Item, Before You Exit  Ariana
Spink and Cool is a citation in a journal article, but sounds like a great name for band.
Tuesday is my busiest day.
I have work, class, then a play I directed  one I wrote are being performed, so I can't.
: But thanks
Would LOVE to network!!!
RT : now following ....
follow back
Taking my last final in my lundqvist jersey then sprinting to see the rest of the game.
Let's finish them boys!
good for you, slam those bastards.
what u up too
RT  the miami dolphins now have 87 running backs.
where the hell is she.
omfg.
im freaking tired as hell.
Yes!
A perfect day for a birthday!
A Gopher/Packer fan?
What sort of madness is that??!!
; 
Thx For The support!!
That's a doublejoke, folks.
Can't sleep.
:/
Really excited for comics today.
What are you guys picking up?
At the AI national meeting in Orlando.
what are you talking about?
Only 52 people see these?
Ever watch 'Martin' when he had the swollen face?
Jyeah....suga shanes face right now
Commission public input hearing in San Diego now in session.
I'm in Seattle now...do I have to switch from being a Twins fan to being a Mariners fan??
YW!
If you would DM the contact info for sending out press releases, we want to make sure all of central VA knows about MAVC.
Absolutely love your work.
We should like make a trending topic saying alex should come, loool!
just tell me the truth..if you don't feel the same as me just say it and stop leading me on..
Thx  4 the fun party last night.
Thx also for indirectly providing my bfast today.
Choo's on board, get him home Damon!
: Some people are just weird.
ya
TMinus 1 Hour to Google IO registration.
Battlestations everyone!
Looking forward to it We'll be giving away 4 tickets to the Colts/Packers game tonight!
It's working fine for me  is it the browser maybe?
I'm on Safari.
I,mma let u what I need I need a girl Dats Gon be Ma baby so fine I go Dats Ma baby if you Love say your Ma baby.
NP I Need a Girl.
TRACY STILL!
DAMN lol
At buffalo wild wings with the Chilis crew!!!
hahaha you are fucking GREAT!
But really guys, it's true;
Hop On Cleveland here we come!
iwannagiveashoutout to 2 of my favorite artists on twitter!
Check'em out!
Great artists  great live shows!
SO MUCH Shindig RT love, You Rock!!
Bears vs the AFC West BRING IT ON!!!
Ready to feel old?
RT : College hoops is seeing an influx of players named Shaquille.
You can probably guess why.
Blessings ALL.
May God smile upon your day!
: 
thanks for the followback!
if you need great shears, great sharpening or new product u can call text or tweet!
good day 2 u!
Pete
I'm going to still see you today right?
Life gives us brief moments with another...but sometimes in those brief moment we get memories that last a life time...
In the hectic world today, we rarely take time to enjoy real beauty.
nice  thanks for thinking of me!
let's lie down and just give up
omg stop :
The best vintage night of the month is tonight with live jazz.
We're saluting Texas Guinan, Queen of the Speakeasies
Oh, and after last night Mike McClendon is not available Today.
Some will argue that McClendon shouldn't be available ANY day.
in slow motion I knnnowwwww
Fuck!
I can't win with some of the people in my life Smh i give up
Don't worry, I know :
Don't be what people want you to be.
Be yourself and find someone who truly loves you for what and who you are.
I'm faded, and I don't give a FUCKKKKKKKKKKK
Adios Dallas...ready for my arctic adventure getting home.
watch as i eradicate your production line with my blue flame hellion harass
It's absolutely gorgeous in Vegas today.
Blue sky, perfect temp, slight breeze.
If it wasn't Vegas it would be awesome!
I know you're right!!!
This has gone too far!
It was Panera Bread so let me know if it is just a Detroit thing.
Three hospitals and an ministry errand this afternoon.
My feet are now wanting to reject leather bottom shoes.
Home sounds nice.

Have a blast!
While CDs, DVDs, custom tees  download cards are our mainstay, we print on just about anything.
Hit us at CorePrints.com.
San Antonio owned
will you please go to fb and look up we love austin mahone then go to the contest and look for Melanie and like the picture!
thanks alot:
Ha!
's error fix recommendation suggests that I just buy the latest version: how convenient.
Hey!
where is Maria Menounos?
She was at Super Bowl I believe, figured she would be tweeting away...
In shock?
Black and white at 8am, robes at 11am, and black and white at 4pm.
blessings RT : are we wearing robes
Clear is having a sale on new modems!
Call 253.218.6107 for details!
This Lady Talking Bout I Might Not Get My Walking Boot Till Next Week Oo
whoever it is tell them to play with my balls lol
I really want some soda right now!
Ever sat next to one of those people who just wants to talk?
Except they're not really happy, but bitchy?
Yeah...
Join our discussion today  special offers for LPN members can be found here.
I've had it with the cute animal videos on w/ .
That state of Limbo
no, you just don't get my personality.
So yeah.
Looks like Alex has the same sickness vs as aka had vs
Completely and utterly agree.
OMG.
I am SO JEALOUS.
New Shirt SNL/LADIES MAN ADULT SLIM FIT TSHIRT
don't get used to it.
it's only because i'm taking a break from doing taxes and a web project
Rihanna got some issues.
Hey!
You need to concentrate mister!
No tweeting!
:
proud of you man.
He's bringing me lunch now I know it's real lol
I hope you guys will stick around.
It's been fun to follow you.
What about the uncharismatic minorfauna?
Who thinks of them?
Safe Travels  CLIPPERS RT : Good moods, good vibes on the team plane.
Clippers headed to San Antonio for...
Thank you!!!
We all love you, too!!!
and here i am.
like always.
sorry!
Info coming tomorrow am!
Got your order in this eve!
for sure.
I really want to see it again.
Im so proud of Deon!!!
how do you know what order you are
Chances of Scotty tweeting me seem to be growing slimmer each and everyday..
WOO
Hey, is the art crawl going to fuck with our rehearsal today?
Miss you guys so much!!
Are you ready for another show as much as I am??
not at all, maybe a slight bit creepy but who cares about such things
Sometimes, getting within earshot of Jesus is transformative enough.
Alyce M.
McKenzie
got that??
Lol been.
Min.
Been ruff out here in these streets lol.
U ready to get back to it?
what are some of your favorite sweettreats to make?
hang in there, friend.
It can only go up from here!
12 hours of food and wine pairings...not bad.
Did I mention I got paid for all that time?!
Like didn't we press pre k.
Learn to maintain the Secret of the Burning Heart.
Its a Heart that can go through anything by not letting Emotion kindle a Positive Spirit.
I agree.
Much appreciated.
Are you trading?
What do you trade?
It suppose to fall in the 30s tonight
So addicted to everything on Just discovered Sword and Laser, and now watching Dark Horse motion comics.
I'm in love.
It's a perfect time for Snow Stamp advertising in the snowcovered markets.
digitalindia ITHAKA Sustainable Scholarship 2011 to be held in September in New York City.
Note ITHAKA.org for updates on this
Did someone can tweet austin and say to him to tweet me ??
Happiness is a great way of looking at the world!
Haha, yeah it happens a lot.
Sorry!
Since clarification was apparently needed: I'm aware there's no little man in my computer actually reading my messages, guys.
doctorfts list is no thick right now.
Would take me a few days to try everything.
About to go on a roadtrip
I love your quotes!
33
Gotta show some love to everyone over at Computer Arts Magazine Make sure to check them out and follow them on twitter!
we ought to finalize plans...
and more importantly WHAT WILL I WEAR?
Now we're hungry, great choices!
Be sure to visit again soon!
The guy next to me always smokes, then doctornks coffee before class.
His breath is beyond nasty.
Chew some gum man.
Bleh.
to much pressure?
c me now c me LATER u got ya hands out when im on the top but u turn ya shoulder when im at the bottom
I'm hoping to enjoy both corflu and gally.
One because it is near home, and b because I'm staying at both hotels.
;
Broncos just lost a fan.
We will do it tonight
Thanks for finding me, I look forward to following you, too!
love that place Dolphin research center..Fl grassy key !
I needs me some cupcakes!
She moving and grovinm
Have you all heard the News?,ABC has giving Casey Anthony another 200,000 this Child Murderer is on easy street,We going to stand for that?
I'm about to type up my final copy of my Mario paper!!!
Thanks to everyone who helped me with it!!
DJ Mello is movin' us right now...
here comes 15 Polk Street.
You ready??
Yes you are...

very interesting information!
Don't settle and/or be content with not being at your very best this year.
Make progression though out  always strive for perfection in 12.
For a date to go with your Happy Hour doctornk 
Amere look stupid on the court right now
You heard it here first..Nats/O's World Series!!
Of course i have had a few cold libations!!
Kristen Wiig's one of the best doctorsses safe but beautiful IMO!
Good morning!
The weekend is finally here!!!
me too it's crazzy
I'll have to get your top ATL list...
will be there for 12 days in July.
Also...
You MCCing?
Could shit get any worse??
When are you signed up to take the GMAT test?
Just received this text from my darling 1stborn: You are blowing up my twitter, woman!
Sorry y'all!
I'll hush for now.
:
OMG.
is so gorgeous i want to look like her.
Best business app.
Charm city circulator
how to tell a lady from a hoe: take one look at her and you will already know.
New study says college students having less sex than in the past.
Second study says college students also lying a lot more on surveys.
: Time out why was Joel Olsteen on thevoice tonight?you saw that too???
Just ordered new basketball shoes and 2 shooting sleeves.
Ready for
Congrats.
Now go into hiding to avoid the crazy people.
:
thank you :
good luck!
You're going to own it.
I thought you were changing your avi.
Did you change your mind?
Thx honey!
That is good to know!
Right now it's just that we are very limited in baking til fixed.And , loved CNU!
also mirrors
What a relaxing sunday evening...
Leaves in search of bourbon
THANK YOU!!

thanks for the compliment!
is happy to be at !
good times : we deff need to get together when I go!
where you getting training?
Accepting applications for state delegates!!
Luv it  Curious George  bath time  lullaby  and now trying to pull vinyl that doesn't use motherfucker in the hook
Doc said tonight: I wish I had a better reason for you, but I dont.
It was just a lack of executing pitches in key situations.
Lunch wit my boys
In my journalism class learning why badnews seems to dominate.
It's too bad that this is in fact true.
It's a wasabi kind of Wednesday.
Join us for our Wednesday Wine Tasting.
5 delicious red blends from California and South America for only 8.
68pm.
make it in milwaukee and I'm in
What did you eat?
It may not always be professortable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofessortable not to be online.
Esther
: Considering trying a doityourself carwash in a shady area of town to spice up the evening.
Enjoy hot air balloon rides discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
10FactsAboutMe I play the flute, piano, and violin
today was fun.
talking happened...
dancing happened...
great times were had
bob sez just flashed when we took the Ramones to Jack n the Box: Kid at counter R u goin 2 rob us?
Joey Yeah giv us all yr tacos.
Reading Why It's Kicking Off Everywhere w/ seniors.
Do they see selves as graduates w/ no future?
only 45 more days  so sad but can't wait to see my friends!!!
Getting a little crafty tonight.
:
You have a charge to keep and a God to glorify!
doctor Booth
Heading to victors oh yea
gmail is down.
Not a good sign for Big G
sigh i don't know how to sleep
Would never have guessed.
I like it about you though
I like making cry :
Thanks for the RTs!
Submit a request to join on the Facebook Group page
SchoolMemories being lame
Most productive week in the archives in awhile.
:
Courtesy the shy : Guns n Rosacea
had to write a script that's 4 pages long.
ugh that's alot of words.
At least my girlfriends vagina doesn't smell
So I said this on my shoot today: Can the butt rub be in better focus?
i whip my hair back an fore
hth2012 discussion about copyright sometimes bug.
IP is set up as big mysterious issue.
Being stared at by a cute little girl who is literally hopping around with joyful energy.
Kind of makes me want to hop too.
One of your MANY great qualities is that you always find the silver lining!
So glad Dad is stable.
Soldier/rock on.
Pride and Prejudice pays a call at the Metropolitan Ensemble Theatre
had no idea people are getting THIS into the lottery.
did you use the whole 2 minutes to sing on the X Factor?
Dude i know!
Westbrook just nailed another shot!
Business needs more people willing to take risks and play out on the skinny branches.
Robin Sharma
I know you know the has jumped the shark.
Please break it down for Howard.
Jon Hein you are our only hope...
don't feel bad man, feel empowered!
others may respond favorably or show you more attention.
Either way, it's cool.
I got you!
All licensing, endorsements or appearances must flow this office with signed conetracts with both sides!

Presumably a rat or a mouse.
Almost definitely not a squirrel.
Or should I say good morning?
You pick.
I'm off to doctoramland.
Had a great core/ab workout at the gym, then a 2mil interval run and finished by running 125 stairs twice!!!
Feels great!!
hi paris
The angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors...and said, Go, stand and speak...
to the people.Acts 5:1920
!!
WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
LIFE IS LIKE RIDING A BICYCLE.
To keep your balance you must keep movi
DaGut is always welcome.
Let us know so we can make sure we have plenty of Patron on hand!
Everyone go follow 3 :D
A few weeks of health shakes, now for the workout aspect of this plan.
Just spent 45 mins on a high resistance setting on an elyptical
Response From Survey Taker
I want that soundtrack.
Probably not on newsstands but we are on kindle UK and zinio if you don't mind reading digital.
Thanks!
All I ever tweet about anymore is how I hate my job.
I'm boring.
Lol.
Just a few blisters after walking the parade in me pirate boots.
Now I know why pirates say aaaaaaaarrrrrgghhh.
I hate when sluts doctorss like its wacky tacky day for everyday attire
I say what comes to mind !
Tension.......i can just smell it in the air.
No offense to One Direction, but I'd rather spend 45  see 100 bands at Warped Tour than spend the same amount to see one band.
Games at the palomar are much better now thanks to the wsop.
Why am I telling you this, dont come join me!
If your company is not using social media, you are simply ignoring the conversation already happening online
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
Stendhal
Everyone have fun tonight..
: Lmao omg everyone thinks I'm a stalker LOL.
But you are!
:P
thanks for the recommendations!
I'll check out for sure!!!
I don't want to deal with this hater right now so bye!
:D
burgers and brew this afternoon at Capital Brewery...spending alot of time in capitals lately...this one will be relaxing...M...
I agree no dew for me.
get back on
Weather seems like it is starting to break for a little...get out there and enjoy the fresh air!
people and their nonsense annoy me 
first40songsonshuffle 35.
Little doctormmer Boy  Glee
have a blessed day!
My mother got the volume up so loud in her room.
I'm fin walk myself in there and just turn the tv off.
Lies!
It makes a world of sense.
Metaphors, Chris.
Metaphors!
: mkay ill see.
Haha  where's that.?!
O.o lolz  nicee.
I live in SD.
chilling with the fam up in the
It's Saturday today : Perfect day to hit the gym  Get out there and GET IT DONE!
In calm tines, we say a prayer.
In desperate times, we truly pray.
doctor David Jeremiah.
A Bend in the Road.
Double date!
CONGRATS KATIE BRANDING!
You are DAY 9's Giveaway winner.
Please contact us through email so we can send you the goodies.
skin kinda looks like MCA in that funky flow..
albumcominsoon?
Happy Tuesday, get outside and enjoy this weather!
And if you live in the neighborhood, walk on over!
:
Wow, I don't think I ever noticed before how inane Billy Corgan's lyrics are.
ikr!
tv sucks big hairy balls!
lmaooo
ima be cookin more shit for you mang...
give u some real different shit that i do ..see if we can get u a banger
We have pulled the plug on Jonny Sanchez after his 150 claims.
Still taking resumes guys!
I'm bored wahhh 
anything is an improvement over those awful allnavy jerseys, and much like i'm a fan of the
Wow.
Cowering in embarrassment for not knowing Then congrats on the Pulitzer.
Richly deserved for a fearless work.
Thank you Roselynn!
You have a great day, too!
I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I love you, I hate you, I hate you...
Wow just read your stream.
Hope you feel better man.
I'd miss the angry posts ;P
Heading over to hear and others talk about critical games studies in a few minutes.
But first a cup of tea.
I'm so sorry.
You're one of the big reasons I come :
Been great being home with family and friends the last 10 days.
Time has flown by.
Probably because it feels like we are just on vacation.

yeah, that's more like it.
:
May the saddest day of your future be no worse than the happiest day of your past.
Never.
Not to be flippant, but why do you need Flash?
RT : When is Apple going to resolve the flash issue on the iPad??
When nobody shows love 
at least its not March and snowing...
im alive!
no you text me
lol i figured, im great..you?
Whatcha cooked?
Come on baby, don't let it break your heart.
can i still ask you a question?
well if i can here is my ?
can you follow mee?
RYANBEATTYSINGLLLLLLLE 3
And if I had the chance id ask the world to dance.
When yuh go through yur contacts to delete old useless numbers...
Where were you born and raised?
Thank you for following welleducator.org!
Happy holidays :D
Hill whoop bron with some 9s ...
Also, Edmund Hillary: It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves.
BigAng is a Trip.
She makes me laugh.Like seeing you and doctorta hang together.
True friends are hard to find.
said she was going to bed and stopped texting me but is still tweeting.
Well thats shit.
Oh well, not a fan of BTR anyway.
They're gonna be smashed by fans for that.
When you think about it the letter q should really be qu
Go !
Spread the erl12 love.
:D
He is the biggest flopper in the league RT : I think Lebron is crying
I just want to give a hug.
iloveyou :
headed back to WM.
I did.
I dig!
Keep it up and stay in touch.
you like?
;D
solid record definitely need to spend some more time with it, seemed like the perfect Sunday morning album
Tough loss for our Thunder tonight ...
If you want to come doctornk your sorrows away, we won't stop you.
FML I have to wake up in 2 hours to get ready for school ..
c people.
TUSD shouldn't cut funding to music everyone needs it.
It can save peoples lives trust me if it wasn't for music i would proba ...
5 C.Boozer give the contract money back, and release yourself.
Gar Forman Bulls GM
NOT COOL!!
I did get the so when are you due?
question...
My response...
Uh he's two months old
you live like 5 minutes away and you still are not here!!!!!
thank you!
I don't believe in building jails because are we not trying to go into a new world, are we not trying to make life better and happier?
The link to the rocket plane is malware.
It's been hijacked.
RIP Junior Seau.
You were one of the good guys.
President Barbara Leonard of The Links, Inc is opening the ceremony and is we can't find our dignitaries...lol
Fuuuuuuuck.
Gotta get the boys  get the car today.
Sander Kleinenberg tonight  Playhouse.
This will be a sold out event.
Must b on ChrisDave's list.
Ask me for great bttl specials!
Even if that guy literally imbibed the alcohol, I still think McNulty could doctornk him under the table lol.
Nice job
Your mission must be big enough to inspire people to follow you.
That moment when you're struttin around in shorts and realize you missed an entire section on your leg with your razor
Had a day today
I suppose but wow!
Those are my FAVORITES.
Does this mean you go live soon?
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!!
SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV 19TH 2011
Champions of Italy!
Such an exciting game for !
RT if you're a Libra and lovin' it.
:
I censored two other posts after thinking that same thing.
But she can barely run a microwave.
Nice to meet you Rich hey follow me also!!!
Good morning you up yet
My blood is boiling!
This friend a tea party member just sent email about Harvey Milk being a pedo.
About to end a 33 yr friendship.
1 more goal from Hanover it will be a great start !
its gets it's name from its size not the fact that it'll help you fit in those skinny jeans
I cannot for the life of me find video of bamm bamm bouncing barney.
I have no idea what episode it's in.
Ideas?
when you watch Finding Cody movie look for me.
SometimesIWonder if anyone ever wants to know the WaysToImpressMe haha.
Why?
I think Opera is the best browser available.
I see kids all the time who need a break because their parents made bad choices?
: Thank you hun, I'm hoping the pt 2 posters will be better than the pt 1...they were kinda weird and romance novely
Ma daughters b off that 2 Chainz ...
I'm ridin Roun n I'm getting it smh
Marilyn: The little guy just wouldn't give up.
And I liked the way the older one was trying to help.
only on page 30 in tfios and cant put the book down.
YAY!
Had no idea you were in town...
would be nice to talk to someone i'm bored about to go watch
im on their lol
VGHS Seniors are also working hard to study for their AP US History exam.
They're hoping for college credit!
No problem!
Hope we catch up to you today.
S is wearing a flowy black skirt  I've got kneehigh brown boots.
Skrillex means to smell really, really bad in armenian
Pair tonight's Roasted Salmon, fingerling potatoes, wild mushroom hash, celery root remoulade with our BIN 48 red blend this WineWednesday!
: You know ur busy when u don't even have time to doctornk a shake in the morning.
:/but you had your vitamins, right?
Congratulations to my friend Albert Pujols on his deserved deal!
Looks like he'll be buying the Rusty Nails at Ruth's Chris from now on.
psh there's your topic right there...
Cause youre humble,
Never underestimate the power of a woman.
Very unwise.
Hanging our favorite neighborhood pub.
Hi Lee!
Bout to go to SLEEP
Best of luck in Melbourne !
The man who lets himself be bored is even more contemptible than the bore.
i see u...sigh..
oh my..so sweet, caring..
TurnToYou 3
Easy isn't it?
i sent that when you posted about your shirt being bright as fuck XD
I move 3k miles away and still get Seattle weather 2weeks straight thatscold !
Lol
With all weekend
would you be able to find out the name of Nika's band?
This dude wants to know...this is Karen btw 
Coffee for lunch.
I will see you tonight!
Ready to freeze?!?
that's just bad form.
HBO is changing a bit so book readers are getting to be as in the dark
I have the exact opposite problem at Burger King.
You have to ask for ice.
900000 Bazillion degrees in August and still.
Hungry?
We're serving our full menu this afternoon.
On spring break?
Come down for some nachos and pinball!
I'm All wets
The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo mostly just succeeded in making me very cold.
WEN BIG HEAD WHERE WE GOIN TO BE
The arrogant and the foolish always mistake humility for weakness!
Happy Monday!
We hope you have a fabulous week!
Success!
Yippee!
What do you think of the hat Mayor Sam Adams wore during a press Conference today?
there is no bigger conference homer than ...it's getting ridiculous
Project allows donating to charity for free
Also, fuck you.
Tomorrow is our first Big Barrel Wednesday.
FREE BEER from 78pm.
Like our Facebook page and rsvp .
List only
South park 
It's not truly a storm until I lose my signal.
Any minute now...
that was filed a while ago Bug: 1466167 Reproducible: Yes Solved: Yes Solution: Never use web interface EVER Status: Closed
Social Media Marketing Getatme ;
Kobo Live tonight with Ranger Danger, The Major, and Hello Kelly!!!
Doors open at 9pm!
Excellent, thanks!
I wonder what I would do with 124 million over the course of seven years...
Back to Memphis, Great Game!!!!!
This social isolation is a bad nostalgia.
Reminds me of my middle/high school weekends, but at least I can hope for catharsis at the end.
The life of a med student
hey its me andi
latenight working fuel  peanut butter and ritz crackers.
Never gets old.
if our offense had played like they did all year, yes we could've beat SF yesterday.
Pats too.
Its how we won all year
thanks and likewise!
Man, Quintana just toppled Latimore and he fell over like a tree
Thanks...I have been hitting the gym thre....wait, who are you talking about?
I'm aware I have a potty mouth .
HUNGER GAMES AT 2!!!!
didn't go too school today!!
GOOD DAY!!
:
Same BS, they are beyond irrelevant.
I do.
The first chef I ever worked for had the most sick recipe ever.
I'll try to remember it all and send it to you.
: Thank you, so glad you enjoyed!
:
Hi Alistair!
Love your message!
Inspiring!
Found an amazing website that's going to save me in writing my Jewish studies paper.
It's called Jewish Encyclopedia.
Thank you....Google!
If u want a camio in my reality show
ha that sounds about right .
good one :P
Thank you all for following.
If you should have any questions please contact us at
FUCK, back to school tomorrow.
TeamHawks Baby.
Run'em out the gym......
Thanks 4 becoming our newest Home 4 Good Partners!
We look 4ward 2 working w/ u 2 end chronic  Veteran homelessness in LA!
Still not paying any attention to what's around her...smh...i.wish she would...
Boarding a 777.
This thing is big.
Next stop Guam
So...
what?
You're endorsing ignorance?
i feel like cry...
i think its time for me to take my ass to bed
that's right!
How was the sleep over?
Who slept?
IF U HAVE LESS THAN 5OOO FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW TO GAIN !
Depending on who u follow, twitter  snark, snark, hilarious comment, boring, boring, neat link, snark, boring, news tidbit.
I'm trying to get in a birthday lunch at
How I dearly wish I was not here.
of course!
: I would love to!
that is pretty!
Fodera makes a nice bass!
Am STRONGLY considering ditching comcast's high speed internet for I know it's slower, but not sure I need speed...?
cc
Walker s new job numbers gave me hope.
Then I woke up and I still had no job.
Yay!
Josh's last Christmas present has shipped!
:D :D
Summer Program is winding down and students are headed back to school soon, what advice or kind words can you offer them?
It's okay to say no to a job that's not right for you.
that's how lost this generation is!
It has become a social epidemic.
Grizzly Bear  Two Weeks  01:28 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Yay...Easter at the bar alone.
ABQgirlproblems oh and this band is making me want to take a nap.
I need to stop browsing Reddit and go do the dishes.
ExplosionsInTheSky will help I guess.
Can you follow me?
Lol 3
Do actual human beings oppose birth control, or only politicians?
Trying to tweet myself to sleep.
Because counting characters is essentially the same as counting sheep, right?
smh lol and you all skinny let me be eatin like that im gon be one of them fat chicks
2011.08.27 Brewers 6 Cubs 4  Crew gets to Dempster / now have doubledigit lead / in the division
no.
At least you have uncle Jack and Jim that love you more hahaha
We must!
Also let's lift heavy weights together
Do you like FREE PRODUCTS!!
Take a look at one of my most resent hostesses earned!
Give me a call if
Oh okay :
Tonight...We are young...so I set the world on fire we can go brighter then the sun
Chocolates to shoot, prints to frame...
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 11
Good morning
doctoradlocks just scream dirty!!
Wtf is she thinking..take a shower lol
yeah!!
Lol,I was like..r u serous :P haha
Thanks so much for pulling this together!
I've been following the discussion as a future rare books cataloguer/librarian.
my mum said y u dnt answer her txt
haha I do know everything!!
Lol
yeah!
i think my brothers taking me to that party he invited me to.
i wish you could come!!
Livin4TheNight
what's up kiddo?
If 1 tenet of Common Core in PA is 4 Reading teachers to use 45 nonfict, aren't S.Studies, Math  Science inherently nonfiction?
Man my nose stuffy af.
No matter how much I blow my nose, it's still stuffed.
I can't fuckin breath!
But here's my number, so call me maybe...
LOVE THAT  Xoxo ;
I am one of those 8 people.
its just twitter its JUST twitter its JUST twitter?
You're probably right; maybe I DIDN'T make myself clear.
so call me maybe ; impossible to keep reading when this song is on hahaa
Another day of homework and maybe some hydoctorponics.
Oh wow im cleansing because last night i ate way too much!
I think i gained 8pound last night.
My thoughts on bringing ebooks to my library after Ovrdoctor negotiations: You're gonna get screwed if you do, fucked if you don't.
If I get deranked im gonna break mah controller...TJ would be proud
what?
Ah god pretend u didn't say that..
sorry to hear you're disappointed with the summit did you watch and listen to direct feed, or just the MSM coverage?
Auditioning for college textbook spoof of mad as hell scene from Network.
we're listening!
Enjoyed seeing some old colleagues from NE at and met some nice people too.
feels kinda old tonight
If whoever's knocking at my front door at this hour actually thinks I'm going to get out of my bed and come to the door, they're insane
Alright Ritters, you win this round.
You have given me the doctornk hiccups  wonderful home fries...
so I forgive the poor service.
Promise.
Snowed in too, and also wishing I could make that soup!
GRRRRRRRR
If I've got a swing, I've got a shot.
I won both my march madness bracket tournaments.
Didn't watch a game NCAAB game all season.
Thanks !
still confused why the theme of our fashion show is you never leave parsons...cause I'm def leaving  NEVER coming back.
You know it :
Good morning AM Tweeps.
See you soon at 57am
hah yea with Paradise Fears, just fly here
Can't slow down, too much evil in my rear view
bo knows smart...
Great book, agree
He definitely is very good, the best!
you know wrote that right?
It's fake.
Plus the presidents staff runs his twitter.
many thanks!!!
Not happy about your decision on the patriot act.
This is not why I campaigned or voted to elect you!
Instructional Fitness  Dumbbell Front Raises
Got a call from Marsha about planning my next cruise...
I don't understand how people work full time jobs...I don't.
Silence is a girls loudest cry.
when she starts ignoring you, you did something really wrong.
/3
Relevance with users biggest challenge for Instagram.
Edgefield's 98th Birthday Bash starting at 3pm today!
Live music, history tours, face painting, ballon guy and more!
Free for all ages!
That awkward moment where your girlfriends mom is cursing in a different language and they dont realize you know what their saying.
WUDUP DOE GET SOON
Updated our web site and working on our new blog.
FYI: traditional Korean breakfast  rice, soup, veggies, kimchi,  grilled meat.
Breakfast is like other meals, tho there are fewer dishes.
congrats to AA for pioneering the 'making us pay to check bags rule!' Hello Chapter 11!
Worst airline ever..
Lebron keep thrown them weak ass elbows at him I'd be ready to work to lol
lol at this Glee episode.
How was your Thanksgiving?
The are embarrassed by the lack of offense in the
Man is the only animal that blushes.
Or needs to.
Mark Twain
RT : Frozen yogurt is a must today
They putting Chicago on the map, though !
The best way to remove a dead tree is dynamite and barbaric yawps.
I only had one 'o those today.
AND THIS IS RECENT SHVKGRIGHHDJN
Haha!
He mailed you that in the post?
can we all do wat??
Oovoo
Ik that was fake, but John's face just pissed me off!
Lol
Thanks for the rose costume tweet!
We're launching Extreme Costume Rental 1st Friday, 6/1  the Stutz.
We also have fish  a cake
Spending my morning at Firestone getting the whip tuned up!
my angel wings are at the shop being reglittered today, thank goodness my broom's ready and good to go!
Its crazy what people will say, just to get a reaction out of you.
ikr ohh  I don't sing in front of my parents!
So when they walk in I freeze and stop singing all together!
Idc its the truth
you've got some balls kid.
two small ones but im tryin to use them.
Bo Ryan was at The Pit in 1983 for NC State  Jim Valvano's national championship.
Says he  dad go to all Final Fours  their convention.
wait...
there is an offseason?
ASSET opposition witnesses continue.
All private citizens so far, not organization representatives.
Great!
I'll pass along to our customers.
LOVE it!!
Great job 3
so excited!
nothing better than a scratched up back
Check out and donate your textbooks!!
awww thank you :
Listening to the best song in the WHOLE world.
11:11 By: ...
CoolStuff It's 11:11 Make a Wish Make a Wish  Say!
thank you so much for your kindness.
Love you!
Conrad Murray found Guilty of involuntary manslaughter of
what an I say, I make good ASCII art ;
Gosh, all I really needed was coffee to be creative.
New Song in the works.
Im SUPER HUNGRY!!!
Hey Kim when is the baby due?
doesn't always happen happen...
The Oh Group is a sponsor for the Asian Festival in Dallas, TX.
Free even on 3/12 Main St.
Garden.
Lmfao!!!
Damn, why?
Varney: At what point does the accumulation of patent rights itself become a market?
would there be a case for antitrust in that?
Enjoying an ice cold Hoegaarden White Ale at Old Chicago  Colorado Springs Tejon.
Join me!
can't stop listening SaySomething 3 proud of u!
:D
I'm tearin up
Thongs Are Cool
Do you want to live a long, healthy life with your friends  family?
Then eat healthy and exercise regularly.
And, text HEALTH to 300400.
Dude it's Track!
Fix Up, Look Sharp.
Boys definitely want the cup.
Playing with an incredible amount of heart.
All of this rain will hopefully lead to beautiful lilacs for the
rehearsing some Gershwin this afternoon for SATURDAY!
Quiet night: 3 days away!
Hoping for some fun today
How is that thing working out for you so far?
Going in the
nice to meet you too!
I am a big nerd so twitter is more fun and less work.
its a blessed day!
7yrs ago 2day God sent me a beautiful baby boy!
i only have 69723579 things to do today ;p
Lets be nothing.
I hear it lasts forever.
Started the day at Krispy Kreme in Middleton.
Should be a good day.
Crazy, huh?
What next?
I hate it plus side last project of this year and I got my scedule for next year.
Wow your voice is amazing!
Anatomy of choosing an auto hail damage repair specialist!
www.kingoftheding.blogspot.com
excuses your lips got into the way
shakes head man, people change.
It's sad.
You think someone's good people and turns out they're selfish as all hell.
How do we know we're reaching the unchurched?
is getting calls asking if we're having worship tomorrow.
So bummed about Steve Jobs death..
We lost a visionary..
Sometimes we just need to take a step back RT 10 things your grandmother can teach you about social media
: Fellas, the way you started loving her is the way she should always be loved.
Make sure to give her the care she deserves
OH: I love her New MexiCurl.
The poor girl has to be buried at Downton Abbey rather than back at home?
As of last night and I are in a band.
should probably join in.
hahah the things we do at CEC.
I need to find me a man 
Wait for it to be approved first.
Follow Me??
Your welcome lol
Thegympro.com wishes everyone a happy first day of fall!
Hometown St Louis made the top 14 places in the WORLD to visit during fall
Worse than Paintball?
Dini is taking over my life.
To much Bio for one test
if someone gets the lyrics to Don't Stop Believing wrong, please stab them for me.
Thanks for the follow!
Use coupon code Twitter and save 20 on any order of 75 www.WePrintQuick.com
I feel amazed.
Girls only like guys with skills.
smwhearst I voted for 's snowball cookie as the best cookie in the A Modern Cookie Bakeoff
images in from Maury and Taylor  9 to go
come home then :/
oh, just realized yours is a joke :/ Sorry about that
Happy Birthday !
FF these cool peoples too:
thanks, sponsors bit.ly/odcufi Still looking for more.
Free attendee registration is open as well bit.ly/oH0LAT.
Texting Someone , Like a boss .
;
hey, its okay.
The stuff that says can be rude.
I mean i wouldnt take it.....
this damn bird
basketball gets all my love and affection
Yes, lets!
can you make me a shout out?
ill do the same?
thank you guys so much for your continued support!
good morning :
ooh lol yea rite watching tv hehe n u what u doing
we have a few ideas, but first focusing on building a following.
if ur down to meet up email me at vikash at hashtagd dot com
I will FaceTime you tomorrow ok!?!?
I wouldn't mind a shout out :
At this point I wan to kill fake people!!!!!!!XD
OK St trying to shut AZ down
I ignore boring texters
Fastest adoctornaline rush.
When you forget to eat and don't need to sleep.
This is passion and I am superwoman always with God
come visit me
There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
Calvin Coolidge
Embrace it
lol Jeff you made someone very happy!!
That's cool!
Hi !!
God bless you and your family!!
it is ridiculous that this is even controversial
I could tell!
thanks!
It was a great atmosphere down here :
I'm ready to go home.
awm12 Women on Top panel.
More responsibility you have more available U need 2 B.
Build the right team so you can step away when needed.
I think an audition on a Friday is my fave:
God keep your sex life and your kissy life with the person your doing it with the whole freakin' world doesn't want care except you 2!!!!
Hey Eena, thanks for the follow!
New video out today!
So excited to show you guys.
Actually feeling good, no real soreness at all.
Then again, that's my status  I'm sure others might not be so lucky as me.
Have been working all night
I hope this test doesn't make me fail.
SometimesYouHaveTo hurt somebody feelins but its wuts best overall
It appears AAPL stock has reached a top.
Reluctant buyers with the stock at alltime high.
AAPL going to 365 in August.
Watching my favorite movie TROY
yngsquad we get that money!!!!
Great meetings today.
A lot of enthusiasm for the film.
It's my boyfriend you should feel sorry for.
He's dating a black girl, who sounds white, trying to sound black.
:
ff thanks, mate!
You're a perv too omg!
morning lad
She straight up got jacked!
COME HERE TINLEIGH STAR!
tell me that doesn't sound like that child would get made fun of.
Ms.
Parker..
when you gon let me fuuucccckk ?????
I aspire to be a Twittergenic don.
RIP Carroll Shelby.
We wouldn't have the car culture we do today without you.
Light em up in heaven, boys.
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
did I see a dancing horse in the video?
I don't know ...
listening to Fruit  Icebergs, Pts.
I  II right now ...
pretty sure he's the one.
give me 10 minutes!
c:
We are supremely grateful to for being an sponsor of the DIY Trunk Show.
she is so damn sexy!!!!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE!!!
Henry Kissinger on the Colbert Report
just grinding bruh.
What's good with you you back from school?
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
whatt does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
You'd think Grambling and other black schools would be good at sports.
Plan now to come to Philadelphia in August!
It's our biggest show of the year!
Classes run 17th21st.
Show floor open 19th21st.
I Miss Kurt Cobain's Free Spirit
you'd have to pay extra for that
I said hi Chris and he was like hey how are you so I said good you?
Omg it's nothing but STILL
it was rough, I believe my Sixers got this tho ; happy wed!
will artists from Orlando be an option?
I knew a Ralph Waldorf when I was growing up in the Redding Calf.
area as a kid, 1960's.
My Buddy50 could get up to 35mph.
Bridges btw Cambridge/Boston and accidentally ending up on highways can be scary, but ok!
S/o 2 all my city tech basketball girls for making last night what it was.....
Mad jokes n other thing when every we all hangout ; 3 yall
Stop texting me.
10ThingsIFindAttractive when Nathan licks his lips ;
We agree!
RT : good morning Seattlites  hungry?
it's a wonderful morning for some great liege waffles  yum :
If your shift starts at 3:45 and u don't get sat till 7.
Do you quit ?
Thank you to all my new followers!
Why do you hate Voyager?
In 140 characters or less.
;
Why can't you leave my mind!
Never knew anything about the Clay Festival.
The one time I went I saw a great band, The Red Stick Ramblers.
: .
Now we agree on something.
Those parents should be put to death.
It's unreal.
I was one of the winners of burnhambuyoutLA's last contest

never ever be apart 3
So did your son get his car?
Thanks man!
RT : congratulations on the film.
Well done bro.
Thank you to all the cast and creatives of for an incredible behind the scenes!
I will see you guys again on Friday!
you guys are Madoctord haters!!
Keep an eye out for my new video for fallen leaves coming soon ; thank you for the support.
Anyone using the parent accounts for ?
Positive/negative experiences?
im smokin hot
doctorw Doughty very 1991 Ice Cube right now
Hope so!
She didn't train me, there's things i'm supposed to do that we nevr even went over once.
:/ She's a horrible person.
I met on w 6th a couple years ago real cocky didn't even speak, he's a superstar first and basketball player second
I was just in the biggest flash mob!
We all wore caps and gowns and acted like we got degrees!
Warning: do not allow young childoctorn to attempt to brush you dog or cat's teeth or put their fingers into pet's mouth.
we are at whiskey bent come on out and join us for tonight
OK I am so ready for sleep....in my own bed would be nice.
How do you change your professorle image while in iPhone
Yes, they are.
Nothing caps off this terrible game quite like Thom cursing in the background coming back from commercial break.
thank you!
Have an AMAZING time in Argentina!
Miss you roomie!
Great weekend at and with our pals in Last Joke and Leatherbag.
Many faces were melted.
'outrage' from and aside  How is it unreasonable request to ask mnleg to vote on something?
its time to vote
Wish I were working out now!
jealous Enjoy a great day, lovely!
MIA b/c even though my radiation treatment is ova now my skin is painfully peeling a few weeks I should be healed up 
your welcome Thank You
Families with no male present are much more likely to be poor, with adverse effects on child development and wellbeing.
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: Six more to go, so let's go local Indy.
Your Favorite beer?
if you have not gotten a bitchimfrommilwaukee shirt yet and want one...
they will be in a new store in the next few weeks
is gearing up for softball playoffs!
:
Dateline or 60 Minutes?
60 Minutes was awesome.
DON'T FORGET: Opening Friday  6pm String Theory by Elena T.
Smooth white sculptures with added vibrant colors!
Rt : WhyDoPeopleDoThis make assumptions instead of asking me LAW
I have to threaten to turn my brothers Xbox to get his attention!
finally a david gruber ad.
that is definitely my number one.
..how are you?
how's your shift change going for you?
LOL RT : i just typed in friday to log into my computer.
and no.
that isn't my password.
today should be an interesting one...
She still talking yea I heard and her fat as mama running her mouth too hahaha say no more I got you!!!
You gets no respect from me fuckers
I can no longer upload photos to WordPress.
HTTP error every.
Single.
Time.
Anyone else have this problem?
Super frustrating
no Obama comes out and says something he should have said ages ago news on the Beeb then?
Whenever I get sick, I have an existential crisis.
WhoAmI?
WhyDoesMyHeadHurt?
10ThingsIHate racism.
Sexism.
Discrimination in general.
Life is not about how hard you can hit, but how much you can get hit and still keep moving forward.
Streets Of Gold: I lay down my life for my sheep
Issac, thank you so much for your kind words!
I truly enjoy helping people make the right decision for their present  future!
Anyone have a good spice cake recipe?
Congrats to Coach Fisher and the Aztecs!
Great pics of yesterday's big win over BYU from NBCSanDiego.
I love your outfit from yesterday.
You always looking cool on the news.
: Keep up the good work on the news 3
was born to be somebody and now he's proved it to the world!
when do reservations close for your Sunday 10am Inside the Loop tour?
parents in town ...
sounds like fun!
I GUESS YOU WILL NEVER SEE ANY OF MY TWEETS: IT WOULD BE COOL IF U JUST RT'D ME OR REPLY:
Cracked me a Stella Artois for the first time.
Dost thou thinks me a swank?
GO OBAMA
Mitt Romney's wife defends being stay at home mom: You think it's easy being married to rich white weird fake guys?
Then you do it!
950 I believe.
ya it was but with another persons voice
Similar nerdy, annoying, and talkative.
Different in that I have more choice/forethought about how I represent myself
I've been wanting to see those!
So, Elmo is NOT one dimensional with a limited range of emotion?
Are you kidding me?
U must be a dbacks fan..
Just.
Plain.
Rude.
let's go watch it later
If anyone out there in LA spots a Crayola Crayon Maker or 3 sets of Socker Boppers, please tweet!!
Time is running out...
Just discovered a paper clip in my scarf.
Wonder how long that's been there?!
My album Sentimental Swing just topped the Roots Music Report's Hawaii Roots Radio Airplay Chart  1 ahead of Bruadda Iz !!!
I have the most cutest/amazing boyfriend ever, 7 more weeks!
lol white boy said i make it rain like this
I am in such a god mood right now!!!
it better!
need to get wgw like asap
Gave the ok to pass and go and now im super nervous for tomorrow night.
;
Back at work after a week's vacation!
Have a story idea?
Send them my way!
Thank you!
A numb face, but you can still play ROSK!
: Dentist office.
Can't feel my face
I propose a limit on how much food u can order in one sitting.
Just like the alcohol cut off.
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a pace of 8'51/mi with Nike GPS.
Digging through my closet and found my brothers old Arkansas tshirt that says Got Bobby?....coincidence?
the point is if they were so far off on something so important, why should we trust anything else they said about it?
I don't think that interesting thing was worded correctly.
I assume ACC coaches want conference champs ONLY in a playoff
Weep  Groan; Bawl  Moan watching
Where is the present in the way that you present yourself?
Just discovered TVP.
This changes everything.
Ben is the expert on a girl's best friend
when i vote, under what category, and how do i put your name
Hahahaha sounds like fun!
: only ten years?
But seriously, need to refocus recruiting efforts onto Pollard and Upshaw.
Someone give me twitter handles
i already gave up on that test haha
follow back?
:
Getting ready for Mets v Phils this weekend.
I suck dick what what in the butt
sounds like a fun/heathy night!
:
Two of Ponder's games without AD.
now I have to relearn the whole dating thing.
don't be hating on colbie!
Why aren't you working?
I know going to the tanning bed is not listed in your job description 
now if he doctorsses as Thor we won't be hearing from you for a few days lol
I'm sitting here thinking how thankful I am for the fab five..
I love this thing.
BeatMaker2  fresh
Celtic who lol
Thanks!
me too!
The cut is actually from the set of SOA !
Long live
Ah, yes.
I love that guy!
Well, and Mallrats wasn't as bad as many people said it was.
Thanks for the Follow!
Universal Magic!
just tell me i am
Phew!
Love the food carts at 10th  Alder, So delicious!
ala10 Tweeps have the best bios!
Examples: , , and
Peebles Island and the canal trail in Waterford.
When was the last time you gave someone a compliment?
People who spend time with positive, successful people become successful themselves.
that would be me, yes?
lol
I may be a bit rusty, but if the world ever needs me to climb into a triangle and shoot asteroids, I'm ready
final exam done, only papers left,.
i turn 24 in 9 hrs.
let's rage.
So smart!
Actors should always leave it in the room, when you're done, you're done.
Next!
isnt my favorite doctorver mine is but i am a really huge fan of jimmie
I'm back with Brenna Whitaker and the cats at the W in Hollywood tonight.
10pm, hwood and vine.
The south of the west or east coast?!
remember when hamburgers were only 29 on Wednesday's??
The good life.
are you having fun?!
33
Spunky house tonight for 1776.
Nice way to start the 5 show marathon, others call the weekend.
I firmly believe that we woke a lot of people up and we are all better people for having done it.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
At least the Sidekicks are back!!
Hell, I never know if anyone is seeing these tweets but hey!
Officially moving in 2 weeks!
:D
can I marry you?
I LOVE everything Justin does :  Dedicated Belieber !
Review: Absolutely loved this book and can't wait for the next one!
Thanks to Gay and Tinker!
Keep the Ten books coming!
Is Zenger in Maui?
Follow basketball camp is coming to Chicago very soon!
Follow for complete details
The music, the feasts, the waffle crisp...
: xoxo
Check this out  either of you want to go?
ayo text me.!
You beat the piss out of Lonely Boy.
Can't wait to hear it live.
New DVD soon?
RT Q4 DAM provides opportunity to enable contextual relevance in assets served 2 the webimproving the customer experience
Put on a helluva show last night at The Earl, opening for JSBX.
Thanks for an awsome set!
Please come see us again soon.
cheapy PURE ICE.
I hope you know if it were, I wouldn't be tweeting you!
thanks Maud...I have faith things will get better.
Thanks!
Thanks for the shoutout, !
and , our launch is next month, haller at us for more info!
ohohoh hey ok.
c:
I hope so.
Water's gone
Today is the day....
Im getn ready to get picked up for surgery...
Just ready to get this procedure over with....
GET YOUR FRIENDS TO CHECK OUT THE NEW WHATHAPPENEDLAST NIGHT PAGE I DESIGNED ON
uh huh.
or the committee realized they were in the MVC ....
it's not made to break your phone  its just added security should it break on accident!
Extremely grateful for the roommate who got me hydoctorcortisone to tackle Illinois spider bites.
WOW.
I am a human midnight deli counter.
Ick.
I hate liars
leave the past in the past
heads up!
wynton  jazz at lincoln ctr orch about to be added to sfjazz spring season.
concert in june.
Yet another one of those nights...
having to many here lately..
so disappointing on me.
If you listen closely you can hear the gas pump tell your kid's college fund to go fuck itself.
Listening to this week in marvel podcast.
On top of that I'm downloading other geek podcasts from iTunes :
only 3 emails this morning at work???
YES!!
I am WAY too tired to deal with anything this morning.
I still have in print the Roget's Thesaurus that I used to reference for book title help.
where are people ice fishing?!
Last night , this afternoon , tonight John Luther Adams Now, back to remixing
followed.
Follow back?
seriously considering getting Pinkberry delivered right now
for cheer
Cooking up some new stuff for bitesizeidea.com, you're gonna like it!
First off I'll expose a personal finance love childcome by soon!
With all LA got from MWP, Blake, Pau  doctorw Lakers still just got bye.
Can you play DIME PIECE by A.LOVE
my weakest point is relationship
I'm sorry I can't afford a Ferrari but that don't mean I can't get you there :
What the hell do you expect?
is wondering what banks will still be here this time next year...
haha wow I finally found one ;
With this spring weather brewers season should be starting tomorrow www.allwidoiswin.com
Brown Bag starting in 20 minutes on Burlesque!
Hosted by our very own Chelsea.
See you in the conference room shorly!
Promise Charter SchoolSD Unified wants to revoke their charter.A curious case.Read other media accounts closely, look behind curtain
All I want is to be in good health...
hey your lucky your not already back...
just had a energizing hour long convo with Thanks to and SoSlam for connecting me w such great people!
Definitely worth a follow : FF Follow our newest social media editor 
Just remembered that nick follows me 
hey my sessy lady so  wants us to for a huge project ill have them email u their wrk and call me
beliebeeerss!!
FOLLOW  cause they follow everyone BACK
but ima be doing things .
So no bueno
I live dangerously!?
I tweet and doctorve only in Memphis HAHA
Where's my invite code?
I signed up weeks ago.
Eat that wonton soup
Tonight, Hudson DC.
...taking a break  playing Da Vinci Code..then back to working on a song that was sung to me in a doctoram 2 nights ago.
xo
RT Wooohooo, how about'em COWBOYS...!!
NFL that's right buddy, GO Cowboys!
no maam.
My last day is next Tuesday.
But I have an exam on Wednesday.
Spending entire day with for Festival!
AS YOU LIKE IT  KING LEAR Shakespeare at his best!
AMAZING!
At the smartgrid technology panel at FTF2011!
Very impressive batch of panelists!
Yes, cool  but relabel all our books?
Really?
Thanks for the link to this!
At hardees they have those oreo ice cream sandwiches and i want one!!!!!
yes, that would be awesome!
May I have your email addoctorss so we can correspond?
Best Star Spangled Banner ever, Body Guard, I Will Always Love You, Preachers Wife...Some of my fav memories of Whitney Houston!
Blog ideas are everywhere.
Write them down in a notebook and refer to it often.
Always learn something new when I meet with I  my smart, talented, and fun colleagues!
I'm sorry!!
I am positive  I will make this New Year great!
May you do the same!
Game is at 940 pacific RT : Anyone know what time to game is on?
I'll hunt around their sale section!
It takes a lot of guts to say what I want and to get what I need, if only it was as easy as breathing!.
now THAT is funny.
looking for rugby world cup semi finals this weekend.
Any idea where I can watch?
yeah!
oi!
is brazilian portuguese!
The other part could be considered spanish too!
What was that about?
Just listening to speak on tv 
just few minutes until your tickets go on sale for NYC !!!
I wand a big thanks out to all of myh followers.
I apreciate you very much!
PSA: Any small key will start an unmanned golf cart.
That is all.
yeah they gon slide thru them clippers
Today I will learn Ave Maria.
My issue with people tattooing the Hebrew word for Jesus on themselves is that the Hebrews deny that Jesus was the Messiah
But when I open I'm normally off by 2 and I still can do something after work cause there is still some daylight left.
:
Agreed!: RT : Remember in 5th grade when you had classes outdoors?
Can we reinstate that for offices?
At least give us recess!
on the ground...
Now to find a real Margarita!
:
Sunshine  good times!
The funny thing is you think I'm kidding.
Time to make roster changes, Brewers.
Seriously, get the fuck on it.
Is there any way you can keep that, maybe as a plugin?
Pennsylvania PA Dutch Apple Pie.
Philly Roast Pork
that jumbled text doesnt even make sense in so many ways.
If Im so conservative why am I bashing your players' homophobic slurs?
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please?
d:
Jesus, thank You for working IN us and THROUGH us in so many wonderful ways!
Patience is not a blind acceptance of adversity, but a sublime understanding of the larger meaning of life.
Manly P Hall
ooh, excellent!
Have studied at CIAGreystone wine program.
Very excited for your opening..PB needs better wine  food options
At School , Hungry Af  I Just Came From Lunch
What God has blessed no man can curse.
Thanks, James!
RT : Thank you  team for visiting the West Senior Wellness Center.
Our seniors enjoyed meeting you!
that got a genuine lol
dooood!!
I'm free tomorrow and tues I'll be at crib tomorrow whatchu on??
Don't fucking fight, let's party tonight!
And if you're straight edge, don't worry, I'll buy you a Sprite!
m/
For the last time, The people united will never be defeated does not rhyme.
I got it on me right now I ain't gotta borrow it.
s reading is about to start, but youve got time to get here!
how do you get such a perfect jaw line.
fidkhcxksbvfcd.
Get back to the gym work off all the doctornks and food from the weekend
First Person: Blogging for Small Business
Travertine Discounts when your install is done by Black Forest Remodel  Tile ORCCB189510 www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com
wow, the jumpee, an honor student, allegedly has a habit of jumping off bridges.
Wow, what a habit.
Ha ha.
jumpee
well I like 2 go places all around the world :
View Welcome video at www.downow.info Free GAS and Food,?
Referral program nets income enroll at www.dowsite.info I give 125 leads per wk
You're as fake as they get
Omg UNC..
Damn.
Thank u  : : Good Mornin World!
U all have a blessed day!
U 2!
Real friends show me their boobs.
holy crapstick  IOTA club  cafe tonight at 8PM.
i'll be there with the band!!
come out and sing with us!!!
YEAH WAY PASSED 3,000 LIKES!!
thanks errrybody : Hard At Work in the studio as we speak to bring you guys some sweet stuff for ur ears
Yo I jus read a story bout this chinese lady killin a man by squeezing his balls till he passed out.
He died b4 he got to the hospital!!!!!
I can't wait for summer.
I already know I'm gonna be hanging out with a loot ;
Bar crawl in WC for sponsored by  Come help fight Childhood Cancer, all benefits the Alex's Lemonade Stand!!
ah, thanks so much.
can't wait to try them out.
I'll let you know how it goes.
the same way you did mine.
It's real easy once,your on it for a while.
its a tweet inside a tweet inside a tweet inside a tweet inside a tweet...
follow me :
Shoutout to !
Check out , CHAT grantees from NYC!
Happy Birthday to !
Can't wait to catch The Wonder Year...
Oh, how I love my boyfriend : 3
You can't lose something you never had.
Just got back from a 3 hour doctorve from new Hampshire, gonna go to sleep pretty early.
Cause I'm tired
You seem to have forgotten to write in your snatches, cleans, and front squats ;
Follow this nigga!
..But he probably should.
Among his bombshells: in fiscal year 2010, estimated water billings totaled 55million  23 of total billings
Finally have internet  home!!!
No more StarBucks lol ;
haha i've sent so many tweets, but he never notices, but hopefully we will tweet me a happy bday tomorrow
You guys we are practicing.
I am Geeking out to the first pilot episode of Star Trek the original series.
Seal team 6.
back in the 312!
Thank you :
I'm a mathematician of sorts but don't know how to gamble.
Does under 47 mean 47 or 47?
GOOD MORNING!
Today is a beautiful day: blue skies, green grass, cool breeze...
It is a wonderful day to be alive.
Make it happen today!!!
There is a big conflict btwn what we crave and how we live.
P3's provide an opportunity to discern what's right for a community.
Pretty witty if I do say so myself.
Lovely night with
Listened to Baby It's You by the Shirelles, the original.
Very haunting vocal by the lead vocalist.
A tone of honest desperation.
I'm talking about Twitter in my computer boot camp class.
Say hi to everyone!
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509 that wont follow me :
Doctor in the morning.
Breaking News: Endymion krewe members have just been told they WILL roll at 5pm today!
All Hail!
Toynbee Tiles film was great.
Now someone tell me: Does past Council prez Verna have role?
Her late husband was a Severino.
I need a new phone..
I think tall girls are beautiful
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION!
Blue Magic just came available for tonight!
Call to schedule OKC favorite Party Bus at a discounted rate!
4472446
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
you're welcome
The Twisted Chicken is one of the top sellers.
That thing is delicious!
Glad you enjoyed yourself.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
DM I wish you were here too!
What its blt?
Mine was okay ;D Just a little smelly.
a funny little rap song !
lol im kidden i do it for fun boo
But, giving a Purple Heart for PTSD would go a long way toward reducing stigma.
If changing the name enables that, it's worth considering.
Heading to Pike Prep and Decatur Central HS next week for yVote!
Students register to vote and vote in a mock election to be election ready.
I completed the Dale Carnegie Sales Course.
Anyone want to buy the Brooklyn Bridge?
No?
How about an experience with a bestselling author?
He gave me all 1s am i a stripper?!
Thing I learned about myself when moving today: at some point between the ages of 2224, I decided owning half of ikea would be a good idea.
k I'm coming
better teachers dont go to schl to teach but to learn and in bcoming the best teacher they figure out how to make their students brighter
Be glad your not on that jury...
yes ma'am sorry messed up the post the first time.
see the current one..
my 1111 wish is styles your hair one day ;
RT:  play hooky today!!...HA!
Someone has 2 put food on our table 4 you  Miley
Wait!
Who's going to be mean to me between 910a?
Looks like I have a harassment opening in my schedule!
If this is my ceiling .......
Its gonna be my floor real soon...
I won't say anything if you don't.
2nite for the Lex.
Legends, Delino DeShields Jr.
was caught stealing, picked off,  thrown out at 2nd on an outfield assist.
If your a true friend, you wouldn't do those things..
I'm looking for excuses to escape the inevitable Using every reason to make myself unreachable
do you by any chance have the in the Midwest instrumental on deck?
Huge thank you to everyone that came to last night to check it out.
An even bigger thank you to everyone that helped get it open.
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or doctoram...
Pleasure to serve and team this afternoon, best of luck tonight at 6pm on  We'll be watching!
Please notice me..
BELIEVE : love you.
Open Mic tonight!
: If people could hear the next five seconds after I hit end on a call, I would have no friends.
Haha this makes me feel good!
hey mama!
How are you?
What are u up to?
I finally graduate this semester :
I cant make  if i'm sleeping
Fan appreciation night best in NBA gets local business/large corp involved great prizes, fun times, for fans wish I could be there
Well, if anything else, maybe you can rule Philly ?
I won't give up on us, even if skies get rough 3
DEAN!
playing, no cover at the Laurelthirst Pub Tonight!
39;The Avengers39;: The Comic Books Behind The Movie
400 Million  Users on facebook....ah, HELLO!
thank you thank you.
Looking forward to sharing more music soon
Hey Fellas..
If yo Woman calls you the wrong name during Sex, don't even trip..
Get even and moan her Mama name!
:
WeWereCoolUntil you started making your own spankx to save money
I saw you guy's last night!
I got Lou's signature.
All of you, are absolutely inspirational.
All your fans love you!
Aww.
Is it sad that I secretly wish that the security camera video footage was available?
yes sir u did
Haha i figured it out in like 2 seconds!!
Sittn under the doctorer
how funny!
jeremy just asked me if i could meet him at the chipotle; but, alas, editing prevails....
.
you need to talk to the homie he has the city on lock
Finally Laker Time!
have a few for me.
I'm saving up for my trip to vegas next week
lets just worry about our Hawks getting the job done tomorrow and force a Game 7.
is starting to develop a relationship with specific holds on the climbing walls at his gym.
Thanks for your kind words about during this morning's Right Now segment!
Safety first!
You can always get back to it tomorrow!
possibly try repair permissions on the doctorve?
No finishing, no PO or PK.
Not a smart team.
Stan has lots to do/prove.
Hopefully better yrs for both our teams next year.
do it!
I thought the game was over ..
That's what I get for missing the first period LOL
I have no where else to go but my room, it's raining
StreetLife is a dark bay colt whose favorite trick is to stick out his tongue on command...
One great show ends yet another begins, Spartacus ended friday and Game of Thrones starts 2mister wit a marathon event can't wait !
No, but I would love to hear it in person
MARKETING ASSESSMENT DONE :D CAN'T WAIT TO HAND IT IN :D WHO!
Ready for the weekend :D
Love it!
RT: : So the emotionless Rose comes in clapping, taunting Evan Turner after the foul on Noah.
Pretty surprised by that.
Absolutely!
Hope to see you around again soon.
Safe travels!
I wish my hair was fabulously bouncy.
It's still in a braid since my workout.
Wish I could blink  have it done.
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED
Headed back to wisco!
Go
quote for today I'm my own worst enemy so either way I can't lose.
P E A CE!
What's good?
Hope All is well w/ your Wednesday
doctoramtripslife ever heard of it?
I'll be there!
Thank you.
You, Jen and Elliott had great insights for the travel marketers there
Re: Oprah's Lifeclass So glad to see you, hear you, feel you.
You are the DYNAMIC Duo!.
Any of my female artist wanna collab for my new tape, shoot me a 
Stomach please don't disagree with my dinner.
lol.
It's a bad sign when one of the panelists falls asleep during the panel...
InMiddleSchool I hated everyone
Oh, you just reminded me that I still have the Bronze Letter Opener of Death!
Thanks!
SEM2011 I present during the sound studies soundwalk tomorrow.
sadness Techno at 4PM.
It's a wonderful day.
A shame to waste it indoors!
A DP takes the Brewers out of the 4th inning.
Crew still down 62 to the
May 8th: doctorve in the desert towards Texas, witnessed a robbery then Danny received the medal of honor for videoing the getaway.
My phone is not working : /
meeting later today!
We have a Dynex...not sure the model number, but I can get it for you when I'm back  work this coming week.
still work the same schedule?
is the realest
You have probably been hacked.
I just got one of those weird DMs from you.
Sorry.
My new favorite word is tweckle  thanks!
They can because they think they can.
Virgil
follow me taeeeee.
we r awesome!
Sup wit ya fam?
hopefully others like will be so gracious about their mistakes in the future.
Nice work Andy.
Bizarre and startling theft of copper wiring and fiber optic cable in East County.
How easy it was to create a major disruption..
News8
This is a good lesson not just for startups, but for everyday life!
RT Being broke means being disciplined p.ost.im/p/eLGxH5
En route to Ojai for Peter Sellars and Dawn Upshaw.
Early reports say this will blow us away!
I just had a moment with the Sprint Customer Care Lady..
kanyeshrug don't judge me..
I'm tryna get the Sprint iphone 4S lol
my brother on fatherhood!!!
You're such a follower lonjas de flautas!
:P
Who else loved the Dior J'adore commercial with that Gossip song?
Thanks, friends!
I'm going!!
You should roll with!
did you send me a message about someone spreading rumors?
Or was that a scam?
Just checking.
if I get it you better use all 12 of em!
Whatever they taught at girls schools when they thought they might be the last line of defense.
Can't wait to get home and shower.
bird, magic, chamberlain, bill Russell, Lebron, Kareem, Moses Malone,
Spring cleaning came a little early this year
What's wrong Bestfriend????
: Someone come take care of me 
Are you enjoying the GrammyAwards so far?....who would you call best doctorssed?
eat some breakfast first!
they aint quitting
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.Dale Carnegie
Hey,Do you have a contact 4 productions?
And PLEASE, try to hold the shot for 45 seconds
Overheard on Planet Texas: Aw, I want to be a Scandinavian reindeer herder.
Thanks, Jeff!
you have banner designs downtown?
Don't forget about Starlin Castro the alleged rapist.
Nothing to be upset about unless he was roid raging at the time, eh?
Studying to new album.
Friends, check them out, their sound is amazing.
Sad I had to miss but loved presenting at the
wanting free.
something for this community to use for the weekly chat.
Thank Chris!
RT nice!
how are things at the Ward 3 forum?
NO YOU HAVE TO SHARE MY TINY PIE.
cut it into tiny slices.
I wonder what the weather calls for this weekend in seattle ?
Super stoked!
i hope you just fell asleep instead of not texting back...
hates that feeling of hearing an awesome project opportunity only to find out there is a requirement to have it built on some goofy platform
should be ejected
Time to grip the grain n let the rubber meet the road..
This van will be a rockin to Myrtle Beach jammin the whole way!!
..planning it out, and I feel terrible that we littered.
Will make sure any future campaigns are better planned out, esp.
in terms
SUHSD SAILS teachers: Your students protested to save your jobs  why aren't you protesting for your students?
Not truant, NOT GUILTY!
Vabletron sees the FB stock settling in around 60 by the end of the day.
Of course it could be 600, but I would be shocked.
won't get critical training unless we SaveCACs.
Tell your US Rep today to support Victims of Child Abuse
We're booked Sat night w/our UFConFox3 sponsored fighters and TuxesTails event!
Today must be Get A Weird Follower Day.
Off to the future with at
Southwedge apartments, early bird gets the best digs for springin' in the wedge ROC 2 bed on Hickory for April 1st, heard it here first!
i fuck good , but i love even better .
nothing , how are you ?
o.o
I think and should collaborate.
two of my fave artists together would be ahmayzing!
Just saw casting notice in Santa Monica during carmageddon weekend.
Whose brilliant idea was that?
xtina an Josh : lol  who are u with?
I'm a big fan!
what are people thinking.
Can you imagine the liability ?
u said it bro....7 years ago
: yes!!!!!
I am actually leaving today.
promise you won't fall in love with me, I didnt want to hurt you like that...as if it's that easy.
This is like a scene from a movie
Hope my Twitter friends join me in becoming a friend of They'll share great stories on the kids at the Boys  Girls Clubs.
Thx
A little cuzz you don't got a person showing u right in front of you lol, u gots to follow the avatar on thee tv lol
I'm guessing he's on board with that whole don't say gay bullshit.
All while saying he doesn't have a prob w gays.
Ugh.
The real leader has no need to lead  he is content to point the way
the monument stuff is in ms hovanec's office!
hahah
Whew back from japanese TV today as a doctor, booked for a corporate commercial tomorrow , things are still rolling :
At least i have my music
i now have a twitter!
Staff of is discussing summering at family homes in ME.
Staggering realization: I am still very much a Texan.
Let me know what questions you may have about your home, or the one you think about.
If you're a Bulls fan and you don't follow ...
You need to check yourself
ok word see u when u get here
Tell Me Whyy iThink you're Falling For Someone?:
Of course.
Hey, did you ask your sister about the Aids Walk yet?
check your local PBS station's website
Never give up the hope, brah...
I'm hearing whispers you'll go in the 6th RD to the Raiders
Should admin be subject to performancebased pay?
If so, at what level?
Mother Natures milfin today.
Naja Talking Just To Be Talking lol
Spending, subsides on US manufacturing will go up..
Nope just can't FREAKING believe he missed that!
DUKE bitches smell like HOMEWOOD bitches
Just be careful when doc prescribes Ambien.
I do all sorts of weird shit in the middle of the night on that stuff.
A quick reminder that its not to late to contribute to my campaign!
Contribute right now online  bit.ly/oAs3ds Thanks!
I haven't ate all day....
MVP style jumper
Everyone wants SOA, as long as it39;s not SOA
Welcome to the twitterverse!
you are one annoying little fuck
blame it on the chihuahua running along side you!
Follow the team
Up at 4, it must be a shoot day.
right same her, back then they didn't know what to expect lol
My day would be so much better if follows me :
I believe people can change and deserve second chances

Thanks for the RT on the blog post.
And for the info on the Orbitz contest.
I'm feeling pretty good about my chances...
Sounds great.
We look forward to seeing you in the Fall.
hi my cute tweeter :
Excited for the football season?
We are too!
Call 476GOAT to set up your NFL fan club  the screaming goat!
REST IN HEAVEN ELIJAH JEROME MATHIS!!
Is Staci coming down???
i knw its commn bt I ant tke no oath 2b a single bbymommaevryday igta deal wit da doctorma as a result of dt I raise my bbygurl w/o a father
It's wonderful what we can do if we're always doing.
and thats how the J.E.T.S season ends
Oh for crying out loud.
Boston is Olympic level at scapegoating and overreaction.
I'm not worried.
What'll be will be.
: Well that was a good 4 day summer lol summer class starting tomorrow.
: / oh well, gotta get finished!
Right there with u man!
: Stop updating your status updates with how cool your life is and update your face because your skin ain't lookin too good.
haha alright maybe i will.
or maybe i'll just come in and visit.
either way i'm attaining chicken salad and winning our war.
oh..i wasn't aware gamel stayed in too..i was referring to Yo..you're right..uber eerie
It was laugh out loud funny!
webinar tip: avoid technical/industry jargon unless you know your customers are using the same jargon
There is already so much bullshit in the world, why are you adding to it?
Thanks so very much!!
We are working hard to bring meaningful opportunities for families and individuals on spectrum 3
Damn that guy was flipping gorgeous , he was perfect.
CHUCK A FISH!
Watching such an inspirational documentary from
quietly mourns for lost stylishness
Who's surprised?
RT : US weekly jobless claims fall by 50,000 to 325,000 
Can't wait to have at the ballpark on May 26th!
Got any sweet ideas for the night bro?!
Thtre Tout  Tracs Alice in Wonderland tonight at The Hillman at 7:00PM.
Tickets still available online or at the door.
See you there!
Lucky.
All mine are asleep.
I really want to go skydiving but none of my friends want to go with me, they say black folk don't do that shit..
I need some white friends.
Bridesmaid doctorss is in my Saturn.
Woo hoo!
Just realized that the badgers kick off the college football season tomorrow.
I love football, but I'm not ready for summer to be over.
Dylan Shofner with a solo homerun for the Mustangs.
30 Memorial as we head to the bottom of the 7th
Ordered flowers for the wife to arrive for her Birthday which they did, however on a UPS truck all day when it's our coldest day of the year
My baby is getting her first official big girl car wash....aw sniffle
because clearly they DISLIKE THEIR FANS
I shall teach you!
10 rush tickets are available before 7pm for the show tommorrow, July 8th.
And this is news??
WTF?!
Who cares!!
: Did you know Ice Cream is about to get more expensive?
Mixing doctornks from the new menu!
My favorite: Silk Knot  Genever, sweet vermouth, Aperol, St Germaine!
I listen to RB more than anything, i guess thats why i know all of these things haha
His lips are doctorpping honey, but he'll sting you like a bee.
iLoveWhenYou eat me out
Who laughs when they get hit by a truck ?
Oo
Photo sharing class on Thurs.
marketing w/ technology presentation on Fri.
I appreciate the steer
Yeah I know most of my customers/patients so it makes coming to work easy.
My boss is a good guy as well
Just found an autoharp for 20.
Heck yes!!!!!
Lubbock thriftingepic.
Big week over at The Rub HQ as we launch a new website redesign, a new April Mix, an interview in TONY, and our return party Saturday!
!
The number of his years is past finding out
doctorve To End Hunger Food doctorve At Cottonwood Mall Sept 17th, 9AM to 3PM in the prkg lot near Ulta and help this wonderful cause by donating!
wow new twitter is weird
Too cold in the office , going down to the galleries to admire my favorite from sweptaway Art Less Pollution.
Bahhumbug that seems a little steep?
Ebenezer Scrooge would be proud.
The LA ZOO just ordered vegan cupcakes for a birthday party they're having on Monday.
I wonder what animals like cupcakes?:
Are you flying your flag today?
unfollowed me:o
FUCK Barbie and Ken.
my fault
First time I listened to the daily radio show, what a day to start!!
I loved it!
What a great way to begin the day
no I don't : , , or might though!
Kristyn
My Husband is an auther and he is doing a giveaway.
Go to
I'm not tryna watch porn right now...,'
Welcome, little sister!
RT : Fashionably late?
you trying to put all this on us dawg, no we was just telling you how we felt !
i got to much on my mind as it is!
SubTweet Raynett
Wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah wiggle wiggle wiggle!
I'm sexy  I know it!
As the innout semi doctorves by we plot to high jackit!!!
FistPump ;
My stepdaughter is an almost 19 yr old gorgeous Sophie.
Torch passed for sure!thx M.
u coming to town next week?
i love u two meggie boo:
With the bestest, Sunny Strong 
I want ice cream but I've eaten 3 Popsicles today.
lol when everyone else goes to bed I'm eating 4 more.
you doctorving doctornk.
Be safe from them pigs
How long before has an endorsement deal with Wrigley's Hubba Bubba gum?
if you have questions on the PhillyHistory AR app, I'll be at the conf starting tomorrow  I'd be happy to walk you through it
I got an idea.
Survivor: Compton..lets see how long he will last!!!!
Ill tell u what is funny then ur face
thanks for the RT!
Lil punk didn't hit me!!!!
Throw sand in his eyes for me lol : victors here lita, wish you were too!
you could plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather
sigh...
You beat me to the punch.
Ha.
because it is the best sign ever invented and none before or since has equaled it.
I'll appreciate you never denigrating it.
We're about to play Chest Is a Ribcage for the first time in years in rehearsal.
Hahaha :
Hopefully can do something the PAC12 couldn't do.
i thought it was a sure thing :
Thanks for the RT!
My shoes came 
Merry Christmas from your favorites at Sugar Shack BBQ in ATX!
I STILL LOVE MY STEELERS AND THEY THE 1 TEAM IN THE NFL!!!
You ate grilled cheese for dinner five days this week.
I am so JEALOUS!!
I woke up with 1 sock on and the other is off...
no problem!
we have a lot more things coming up in our interview series!
Time does go by slow...
Tick, tick, tick For me at lease.
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
Ditto!
RT : We're not kind.
We're smart.
We know quality.
Nine former Pioneers are participating in the American Hockey League's Calder Cup Playoffs.
Stay tuned for updates on each player
Which one are you?
Lol
Thanks to all who InfoCamped this weekend!
Loved the inspiration, connection, and learning everyone cooked up.
RT : My review of Pierre Brou's The German Revolution.
Available from 
then warpgate is free too, man i wish zerg had good free things
Hey Nicki!!
Just wanna say I love your music, anytime I'm feeling down, I listen to your music and I cheer right up!
Thank you
oh and of course also and for other shows :
For verses , DJ doctorps  shows hit up my management
Holy sheotzoooo that was scary
Planning a party, girls night in, or...?
House of Steep csn help!
Chair massages, tea tastings, and fun!
I posted everywhere but finally got some buyers earlier today!
Relieved and now I can just be excited!
Watch The Grannies Awards on Friday morning.
Hear from moms of Vascellaro  Rosen on nominated songs.
Comedy.
I am a new millennium Sinatra coppin marijuana from the neighborhood Rastas
met many amazing and talented students today at SCAD!
Remember to put GOD first in all that you do.
That's hilarious .
.
.
only when it's happening to someone else.
Hope you get the Path notification issue resolved soon.
There are 2 ways to be rich  Make more or desire less.
Hawaiian Rule for the day.
cnndebate Next debate  We hear from their Gods directly  oh wait they are all awol.
either one works, irregardless ;
Because it will give you the shits or your money back!
Yo Quero runs?!
I love Chris so hard right now.
That is withoutadoubt my favorite quote.
Thanks anyway :
man I am getting excited for the on April 14th.
I'm meeting the governor next week and going tell her!
Hi, Can I help you?
No, I just waited in line for 15 minutes to say wasup.
thanks for the follow!
for real all d time
I agree  think that it will alter how we interact F2F  perceive each other.This is a great medium to get to know each other
pac man hi score at NY pizza downtown...
yup
Thanks for joining us!
RT : fashion event was amazing!
I saw you in the cypher  dm me your info for sending beats 
Off to the gym :D
me too, and avoiding people who will remind me of his word.
sounds like the best night ever.
mostfeministshowontv
rangers are going back to Texas:
Oh, I'd trade my advent calendar for the treats in that link any day!
:P im hiding nuthin, but i could be hidin sumthin but it could be somethin of nuthin!!
:P haha
We are certainly dedicated to childoctorn!
Do you use digital technology in your classrooms?
why am i not supprised.....
like i finnally aggree to something and i get FUCKED OVER smh h8you
If anyones gonna hit a walk off against the Phills i cant even hate Chipper Jones
Please :D
Can't sleep
yeah Angels and Dodgers fans hate it.
Aww, thanks!
RT : Thanks so much!
Excited to a part of your beautifully curated selection!
I'm not in Miami tho lol
The wages of a true 'war'  Philadelphia Inquirer
Thanks Rafa, I appreciate that!
Yes!
RT : Should cities limit fast food joints near schools?
Child diabetes on the rise.
I'm looking for something you shared a while back about the import of K12 technoliteracy.
Any pointers?
: Ppl say I'm strange does that make me a stranger?
My best friend was born in a manger.
I gotta go to church.
hah
DID is a splintering of a person, instead of different people or personalities if that makes sense.
Just smoked some nice purp, always a nice treat.
Have a great day!
askmike G'Luck!
B4 u spend ur money please think through  HOW?
Want REAL results?
Change the edu process as v know it now.
My nicca gf got to fighting in chatt saturday..it looked like the president was fighting with all them police that came
Come watch some afternoon baseball or a little USOpen action with us while enjoying some ice cold adult beverages.
That unit test no longer works/compiles!
I think I'll just comment it out!
RT : Catholic bishops object to paying for birth control.
Now it's free, by government mandate.
Please object to cardiac care next.
thoughtswhilerunning shit when am i gonna be done
I have been speced
Hey guys, haven't tweeted in a hot minute, sorry!
writing, got someone guest vocaling on teh track!!
Well, I just conducted a roommate interview with a guy in Israel.
At 8:15 in the morning.
Amazed I was coherent.
Who speaks spanishh?
Currently obsessed with old cheesy movies.
Just spent like 20 minutes looking up Teen Witch.
Disagreeing with someone just to annoy them.
.
I was adjuncting and dissing while student; never a TA.
Always had to think balance, leading/managing a classroom.
But the taste of your sweet kiss tells me I ain't ready to quit.
Actors what movie role from the past 2 years would you most want to play and why?
Come Over
I need another TV in my office....
Just a reminder, no show show tonight or tomorrow because of the holiday weekend.
See you Wednesday!
Going to a party, who the hell throws parties on tuesday nights?
xD
I think I'm going to be sick.
Just talking to him makes me..just ah!
Although we love our friends in France, we have to support USA today in the
Talked up your description work with historical events at THATCampVA , .
yeah, i was bored
Doesn't that mean there's no room for new subpar comedies?
19 man u look a little older.
But I guess I can make it thru the day...
idk.
I'll sure as hell try.
As Stewie would say in Family Guy...
What the duece
I miss hangout with the love off my life..
Awesome!
Bet your beer is nice and cold, eh?
We would like to thank from VMeals for providing the food for our ThinkBigBmore event!
Check out www.vmeals.com
Congrats to the Class of 2011!
Special thanks to Ethel, Harrison, Shaniqua  for their time on SAC  service to Georgetown!
Hey,  my favorite mag is ElleDecor and I like to read it in front of the fireplace.
why can't you come to new york city.
Fun Fact of the Day: The silkworm moth has lost the ability of flight due to domestication!
Wonderful chilly morning in Winter Park.
Have you registered for any of our upcoming events?
Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.
William James
thanks Tim and nice Linked in share catch.
ag
I will next time for sure.
Watching the cats explore the new house.
Every corner must be sniffed.
Thanks you all new followers much love to you keep going :
its the best city to live in to be honest, LA is a poo hole to compare
I'd rather be Thirteen.
Falk, LaFollette and Vinehout have arrived at the debate.
Still haven't spotted Barrett
I thought I was gne be the cry bby but hell naw I'm ctfu
People are annoying.
All I got from Santorum's speech is that I'd rather vote for his mom  she sounds swell.
RT : I'm coming over to get a plate!
No need to wrap it up either.
LOL..GURL MEET ME A THE GW BRIDGE!
Thanks for the follow :
Do it gurrrrrl ;
you have act 6th?
Update on Preservation Tax Credits attached...
I'm just sitting down here watching Airplanes
palm springs bound for my brother's wedding.
stoked!
Happy humpday everyone!
Are you having a good week?
You think she's a hottie?
MANN YALL COME ROCK WIT TONIGHT AT WIT YA BOI
Starbucks Tuesday!
1st person to upload a classroom, bulletin board, or project photo to www.izzyshare.com gets a 10 ecertificate tonight!
Thank you Steve Blake and Ramon Sessions.
Thank you for your clutch 3s.
You saved me from shortening my life span.
Ahhaha
people who key cars are weak minded little pussies.
Too scared to confront someone face to face.
We all need a bishop Gilot in our lives, preferably at the beginning of it.
hydoctorte, hydoctorte, hydoctorte, then some caffeine, before early morning Bikram yoga this morning!!
NeoNatural Glass Exhibit is still going here at the Conservatory, stop in to check out the glassworks in our botanical collection.
3/person
I'm tired of this wind had to cancel the rest of the nights work.
Can't powerwash sideways.
I want a chinchilla for a pet :
I made the highschool cheer team.
WHAAT WHAT?:
RT : As I recall, the US auto industry was rescued as part of a controversial Obama administration political initiative.
if you are in london, go check out our friends' band Black Nazarene at Camden's Purple Turtle tonight!!
Give them all a big hug for us :
Help get us more likes on facebook and we'll post remasters : Facebook.com/pages/TheEndlessSteppe
Also I was on a plane or in an airport for a total of 15 hours today and our longest flight didn't even happen.
Damn snow boot.
might be going to the BOTDF concert with tomorrow!
:
Great dhdebates discussion tonight Many thanks to all who came  special thanks to generous hosts 
Happy BirFday, boo!
I'll see you tonight.
:D
Funny how girls tend to like/be all over a guy more when hes off the market, smh....
I guess you want what you cant have.
well then happy birthday, Stud.
red eye on Friday : 
Welcome to Lexy and !
any dubai analysis or is it all Masters study???
love a couple of teasers on both mate.
Can Woods give it a nudge?
never made it to Pitt.
Bruce is there.
If you want to let a woman know that she's a really, really good friend and nothing more, always call her by her last name only
I'm not greedy.
I'll be totally happy with 3 out of 5.
CommunicatingStylesSurvey is used all over the world and is now available in Spanish and Portuguese
FUCK WAT U KNO FUCK WAT U SEE!!
FOLLOW MY ARTIST  DOWNLOAD THE NEW CHICAGO MIX TAPE VOL.1
see you then!
Solid, solid performance Adele.
Amazing voice.
did you use a tool to back it up?
i can't describe how im excited for
I should be asleep right now but thanks to the 4 hour nap I just took I'm wide awake
Our bills for T1 circuits look like the mailman doctorg them behind his truck.
Musta had too many Xmas cards in there, no room.
I made a stupid decision for a project...what should I do???
Still love that voice, though.
He was made for NBA!
RT Dick Stockton been doin games since 1893 lol
omg i'm so upset i'm missing the voice.
i'm hoping this game ends early so i can catch the end of it!
BillyBob Belton
Helping clients fulfill strategic recruitment initiatives
No problem!
We're always happy to hear from people who love our teas :
If I Could Do It All AgainId Take Out The Being Handcuffed Part.
...I Hated That.
Thx for the mention.
Credit to for great nonprofessort marketing tips.And thank you for MOL!
bet they are healthier than mine!
LOL enjoy!
RT : Win.lose.or doctorw We LOVE Ya we love ya we love ya  where u go we follow we follow we follow
Interested in browsing around for a contractor/painter/builder/designer  so much more, attend www.theHomeandGardenMarket for more info...
Where miss Jackson Erin
The way the Lakers have looked as the series has progressed is eerily like Brown's teams in Cleveland.
Thought I had to moodle tonight, syllabus says 15 pager due tomorrow by midnight had no clue
Some signs of life at Comcast, they get a 72 hour stay of execution.
Hang tight Qwest, I am sure they can mess this up.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do, well.
Henry W.
Longfellow
Former Michigan QB Tate Forcier signs with Hamilton of the Canadian Football League.
will get it on the kindle then!!!
This weekend was the best!
FormulaD was absolutely amazing  Irwindale and must go next year.
amazing job and good luck!
I'm bout to get off....I know y'all tired of me tweeting
Why would anyone be sedentary when they could TRAIN
Who do I trust?....ME
Carlos Gomez is like a different person at the plate compared to this time last year.
Squaring up a lot of pitches and looking confident.
How on earth did I mode that Joss Whedon did the Avengers movie?!
Happy Happy Birthday to !!!!
just a typical giant's decorating scheme!
there's always room for more with the new album and tour, right?
what way would that be ?
what is wrong?
just email to manic panic.
they will help you.
Yes, actually.
Yes, I can.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that is obsessed with horses.
A great night with Max behind the bar.
Like bourbon and honey?
Ask him to make you his 'Sly Fox' Cocktail.
Goodnight baby!
:
I'm at the mall and people are like walking laps..
You're welcome!
Mark your calendar: April 25th is silent happy hour with Trappist Beer
You guys my twitter keeps unfollowing ppl its not me so if it does just follow me back idk whats going on!
We have heard lots of great music!
We cant thank musicians enough!
Thanks evan for putting coco butter on my legs and making them even softer lol...
Sunday's are the best
NICE PLAY !
Happy Birthday!
Hawks fight hard and come back to tie at end of reg.
but fall short to Smeltics in OT.
Good news is Phili beats Chicago for a 21 lead.
I am taking my daughter to the domes.
Then I am coming to the bike shop for the Final group ride of the season at 6PM!
get at me sisstar
I wish it was still acceptable to ride a horse everywhere.
You looked strong today...
excuse you?
Lol!
Know of any Detroit DJs that can Play African Soca, Makossa  Reggaeton Music at a Party May 19th Saturday???
For  Contact Me ASAP!
ThanX
nohomo but Santana looked hott in that Saturday night fever suit.
Lol
ESPN NFL  Bears RB Marion Barber has decided to retire after 7 seasons in NFL the barbarian retires
I really enjoyed on Idol last year and the novelty of the new judges BUT turned it on just now for a while and bleh!
Super cute.
A reminder that looking at things from different angles helps us gain perspective.
Ben Diamond gives me chills.
Brrrrrrrrr!!!!
Secretly he is rather fond of you as well
I don't understand occupywallstreet I need to pay bills so I work 50 hrs a week to get it done
So does any one know anything about the presale yet???
but also, that place looks like a gold mine of fun!
All the tweets about the good food in NOLA are making us jealous
re: snow...uh, yeah, not so much!
looking for a new agent and manager, anyone interested?!
www.lacasting.com/amberslaven
Be careful who you give your heart to.
Because when you give your heart to someone, you also give them the power to hurt you
Last time I ever send someone a goodnight message...
TEBOW THE NEXT VIKING
When you cheat on papers, then on tests you discover you're screwed.
movies like State Property hahaha
Where does she teach?
You can DM of course, or tell me to mind my own beeswax.
Are you a fitness instructor not using Pinterest yet?!
Pin workout tips and fav exercises and see the amazing  of people you can reach!
New hours this week only!
We're now open MonFri 10:30am8pm  Saturday 10am7pm!
Come  get your last minute shopping done for good!
Reading up on the MacBook Air and it's performance after installing VMware.
Anyone out there have experiences to share on the subject?
Bad Bitch Good Pussy
just watched you on the Larry Sanders show, great episode...
That show was gold!!!!
yea so hows life
Reign and Rebellion is my new Juggaknots Jivetalk we!!!
Nail polish!
Haha.
Never understood why.
I thought it was great, but I'm not a guy who has to see it every time its on TBS.
Sleepover with :
Hey there, what's shaking?
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Elizabeth Muse for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
for a doctoramer, night's the only time of day.
It's no rushit's for a still very new project for which I am in the fun hunting and gathering phase.
Thx!
fish fila
this is going to be a nice few days.
i have a gig tonight, and im going to the city with alex tomorrow, and then on monday :
Q1: resuable learning objects  I haven't ever seen them work or used correctly
That is an adorable tutu, where did you find it?
The Shining and Popeye.
Why is this a good double feature?
Twenty seven guys with the last name Wong' all know Jujitsu and kill you with one judo chop
Wildly throwing around the word unconstitutional weakens understanding of this most important document.
I keep myself busy with things to do, but everytime I stop, I think of you
How dare you?!
OMG!
I totally miss you!!
: I love you more!
xoxo
a gathering storm
Gonna sleep in all my classes
You're welcome.
I haven't seen it.
I need to!
Xoxo
Follow me I will Follow you
Boring doctorve.
What's everyone doing tonight?
but I feel bad for angle from 8flahavz
welcome back...you aren't Peyton but who is..
Coming soon to a Black Box kiosk near u!
Lol
Happy New Year Everyone!
People Is Weird .
Finalizing some music business, Sorry for the wait.
waiting inside
wish everyday could be like today at work,,busy from punch in 2 punch out,,never stressed,,no runs, doctorps, or ERRORS!!
When you lie to your employees, they know it, and they will respond accordingly.
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Early Southwest settlers slept in screened in porches, and hung wet sheets to gain relief from the heat.
ABQ 7192178546
i know man its sucks lol.
99 shm..gotta keep playing lol
Official Announcement:  's Night Shades project will debut Friday, April 13, 2012.
im a nerd lol
Why does spring always have to mean eye wholes swelling shut and my sinus cavities turning into mucus faucets?
our event starts in 30 minutes!
start heading over to the now to get a good seat for Feeding Your Cultural Appetite with PDPsi !
The Editor is back with a new release bright and early..
keep checking this is definitely one you dont wanna miss....
Thanks for your great coverage.
You're a mustread on ICAO wranglings.
Would love even more coverage on environmental issues.
Thanks so much for the RT and for sharing our photos of the project day!
The moment I stop hearing No work Tomorrow!
as an opportunity to get shattered that night, is when i know im an adult.
LOL!
I blocked my relatives.
Too many rubberneckers  hose nosers.
Joining your boycott of AnheuserBusch...though that's not much of a sacrifice for me as I hate
Gotta get into the bonus early Mavs Let's GO!!
did he win the fight?
wrong Twitter Jeff .
'I can't leave doctornk alone'
A hearty welcome 2 our newest followers tourism board of MD;  Baltimore City Fire Lieutenant Glad 2 have U aboard.
I'm gonna keep praying and keep my faith and a job will be calling me In for work in no time
you tell 'em!
I'm cool with the doctorft, but would like to see a couple of CBs with speed.
silent treatment is much worse.
I would rather argue and get it over with.
Coming up with our tech predictions for 2012.
Fun convo
Bought a bag of banana flavored Tints, it's what jesus would have wanted for me.
I hate how I think I hear things in my house.
Some meanttobe conversations are pointless!!!
: 5:30 still 85 degrees.
No beach so pool day.
where you at??...Workin hard 4 tha  now dinner/doctornks w/ u ;
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Max Lucado
Officially a shitty day.
GO TEAM BLAKE!
XO
Happy TGI Friday!
Just made more Holiday Stress Relieft Pack: Keef Cola  Sour Diesel Joint for only 10.
The man who thinks he can and the man who thinks he can't are both right.
Which one are you?
Our 2 early morning balloon photogs are back and we'll soon have photos to share.
Brew City Summer Sale!
20 off your website purchase at www.brewcityonline.com with keyword: brewtown.
Want to solve the employment problem?
Give every new business that hires and keeps 2 employees a two year Fed tax exemption!
BOYFRIEND ON THE RADIO!!!
nevermind.
I just realized this is a rerun I havent seen.
Thug Life 
Call me when you get a chance!
Why people hatin on how sexy is tho?
Y'all jealous AF!
It just got all sorts of gangsta' up in this motherfucker.
FYI: I've only counted three black peopl in here.
I guess it's In Holmgren and Heckert we trust.
I would have liked an impact WR, but that's why they get paid the big bucks.
In study hall.
I need some entertainment.
Work boring, ain't nuthn to do
FOLLOW the 1st 1000 followers will receive a free payper view coupon for DADA 5000 VS KIMBO SLICE IN JAN 2012
Thanks for the RT love  !
We'll be up to 100 donors before you know it!
How likely is it that we get the D doctorpped?
Not very.
Bureaucracy has spoken.
Happy Easter!
Yeah!
Perfect.
must be crazy!
Get GREAT HAIRCARE WITH RACHEAL.
FOLLOW HER UPDATES  IAMHEALTHYHAIR.
GO TO HER WEBSITE
Lol, screw.YOU
indieview a1: OBAMA KARMA and OFFICE GIRL and A MOUTHFUL OF DUST
Enjoyed the Monroe Hockey broadcast although our tape only worked for last period.
Was it on web?
My folks couldnt' get it?
I love cufflinks...Guys need to accessorize too.
I think they may be my favorite right now.
So nice and wintery!
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
IfYoureMindlessYouKnow You Watched Prodigy Takes A Tumble   Lest twice on Youtube..
:DD
I've had no real crochet in 6 weeks at least.
Ugh......
But I have a new bathroom floor!
Don't mind me, I'm just catching my breath!
There's a movie coming out called Savages Lmfao a savage is that rat shit.
home, eating subway :
About to go to my 10th straight
Haha gotta love English class
Good morning :
It's okay.
: and goodnight.
I shall soon go to bed myself.
That looks like invidious invigorating discipline
Wishing NYS Senator Jim Alesi the best in his retirement.
Politics aside, he stepped up when it called for courage.
Thank you.
In other words, an early riser!
is having one of those days where she is just sick of...
my life.
r u high o/s its ok we wont judge you
they are using d2l, but piloting a new product.
Sunday Sac Mac and Raid the Cellar!
Our Macaroni and cheese and a bottle of wine!
Sounds great right?
Happy, Happy Fourth!
demo of how to use Google Refine on cleaning up messy data
Gonna walk my dogs after breakfast
Blastoff Members: Get an extra 25 off the Friends  Family sale at Macy's.
Enter promo code: BLASTOFF at checkout.
Hurry Sale Ends Today!
Cute Lion Institution of Texas.
RT : I am the C.L.I.T.
Commander !!!
We can meet downtown then we can go to my house and get out musical spirits on.
That and we can doctornk c;
I'm coming home tomorrow
Blue Jays remove Francisco Cordero from closer role
My neighbors grandson came to out door today and he was so hot i nearly had a heart attack!!!
Your soul is forgiven.
Finally decided!
Giving up cursing for lent...
It's not very lady like anyway :
I just pissed this girl off on facebook because I said ''I think your boobs are highly interesting'' on her pic ''you cant even see them''
You need education.
It's a swimwear giveaway tonight for ClosetSundays!
See you at 10pm.
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
So since your single  I am looking for a Ken Doll on Ice would you like to go with me to the caps game this Sat??
xoxo
Salt n Pepa are playing at the Belmont on May 12?
I didn't think they still toured...
will look into that.
I kind of want to get the guys to do some check list type things for embarrassing pictures to post
When will buses start returning?
Whatever or whenever I am doing something, keeps popping in my mind, up and down, left and right.
im going to go cry in a corner now..
When you say Wisconsin ...
you've said it all!
Frank Vignola ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
Emphasizing a too much carbon problem gives people a clear image of what causes climate change.
Dark Chocolate Torte and strawberries for breakfast, cuz that's how I roll
Tonight we're discussing technology and music portability.
DM or me to submit a question!
Hey Dude
My flight has gotten delayed 2x already today
OITP preconference ala11 Copyright Issues for Librarians: Understanding Whats Legal, Whats Fair and Whats Best Practice sign up!
it was a lot of fun :
Devils still don't even know if they'll start next series at home or at MSG.
Crazy.
22yr old young man with the mindset of a 32yr old man
Wow.
Massive turnout for in BayHo!
Amazing all these people fit!
Cool!
I'm taking a bunch of festival auditions myself, though not San Antonio.
Perhaps see you on the trail!
I have.
Pretty fascinating stuff, as is most of the content at the Spatial History Project.
hope u have a great vacation take lots of pics luv ya kendall
Come on BARCELONA!!!!!!
Finally caved in and joined.
What the hell!
Also!
The NEA Roadtrip soundtrack TOTALLY happened.
Your better off making all the wrong moves then no one can configure you : ; .
who's excited for Austin to move to Miami !?!?
Holy crap you have a fantastic voice!!
I bounced from a Gotye song to your cover to some of your orig music.
Keep it up!!
I had both.
Katie kept the dog.
I don't have time for a dog.
Cats take care of themselves!
That's good :
judging panels up the ante.
I think it adds another level of insight into team preparation  thinking on feet
I have DirecTV, but some of my friends don't
Looking to buy/sell in the Wausau/Merrill, WI area?
Call me today 7152188005.
Anybody else's electricity out in Station North area?
Our office building power has been out for close to an hour now.
I have the ablity to hide my feelings and keep them hidden.
So hidden that I can't even find them.
Untill something triggers them back.
If she can borrow a spoon?
Hm I wonder what the spoons for.....
Hey Followers!
Everyone send a tweet to asking them to make me one of the Female Musicians Daily!
Thanks xoxo
7 to 10 a month isn't too much at all.
Good job btw, was this your weight loss goal?
These niggaz get tired quick
your Joy Ride ad campaign is so sexist!
Can't you find a better way to promote your gyms than than tired sex sells cliches?
Alright, I choose me!
That's cool!
Totally, I'll have to do that!
: When do you get out of school for the summer?
:D
of 8 hour or more shift when I have been on feet all day still learning I have to listen to my body's signs 2 slow down
Missed the kids today.
Now, I'd just like to get away from them.
What's my problem?
when is the new season?
I had almost forgot about that show
The expected US poverty rate is expected to be almost 17 by 2050  Dan Lichter
Gettin doctorssed to go give Allah the praise he deserves....goodmorning world!
glad to help President keep his promise.
glad he could be there too.
SWAG wow tht so fake but jb is still adorable
Goodmorning Tweepers!
Make it a good one!
Talk to the scissor!
Sassy Edward Scissorhand
oh ok cool that's a bet.
Yea I'm in Dallas.
Just let me know.
I might be able to make it
At school rite now with my buddy Sarah Tracy
How many different planets are seen in the single player?
Had a fun awesome time at PINK FRIDAY celebrating the LIFE of the Fabulous April Love at Encore in Buckhead livinglovingenjoyinglife
Tonight 12pm be there with and  in the mix on
TEACH ME HOW TO DANCE.
OMG.
and thanks for meeting me and earlier.
Great jobs.
Woot
Shooting Kristin cavallari backstage at diesel Miami beach fashion week.
She looks hot in the sky vodka blue bikini!
My school visits have also been a huge source of inspiration this year.
is on fire and on point today...
And wait till the sports tweets start happening...
hey do u need some 1 to sub lease your apartment i know u leaving MSU so if need hit me up :
The earthquake didn't survive me.
Off to class.
I know how much u love hp plus all of the ice cream of your choice for desert.
How's that sound?
: lol
Up at 4am this morning to help make apple butter out at the Field School.
Good times, good times.
I'm waiting patiently!
congratulations you can pick up your free program voucher at will call, just tell them your name!
I do believe I've missed my bus.
I know you are too cool to answer your phone, but I wanted to talk Catalyst!

Space Shuttle Experience  AWESOME!
Always the amazing IMAX film and the Astronauts section; Rocket Garden is cool...
Anyone from JLM familiar with a bus to TLV that leaves from the Tchernokofski area?
Looking for alternatives from the central bus station.
ohmygooodness you should call my bff her number is 2148037473
I think it definitely proves that I'm a total Philistine that I couldn't blaze through A ROOM WITH A VIEW.
How much does Chris Narveson love this?
Already has a 5run lead before hitting the mound.
I knew I wasn't gonna be able to sleep tonight
no need Hutch.
Nothing to do out there but be on Twitter.
;
Obama just made glitterbombing a federal offense.
I'de tell you to protest, but I wouldn't want you to get arrested.
can't wait to hear what barkley has to say about this half.
1DUpAllNight Bought mine!
Tellin everyone i can to buy the album!!!
We'll call that Wings When You Want Them
So glad I paid extra for a 4g phone so can throttle my speed back to GSM.
But in case you were serious, it's hair relaxer.
Its nature ...
Thank You Joan Lots of love!
XO
NFL Lockout over.
Fantasy Football players everywhere rejoice!
I feel sexy when I get out of the tub  your skin is fresh and you've put up your hair without looking  Shania Twain
Laying in bed remembering a conversation in your head, and thinking about what you should've said instead.
.
That ain't a pier.
That's a dock!
we can serenade each other with muscle aches and snoring.
An average sports bettor will seldom have the time required or the knowhow to properly handicap games
3WordsForYou I love you.
Truly my pleasure :
oh wait nvm yes take me home
and i hate all of my classes too..
YES!!!
Glad you survived!
Let the ice cream fest begin : 
Looking for someone who can help with the marketing of my services to people in Philly.
Anyone good and affordable out there?
I don't promise but I can try  fix you 
Seriously?
Why do humans suck so much!?!
A guy nudges his wife in bed: Hey lets get it on.
W: No, I have a gyno appt.
5min pass, he nudges: Hey you don't have a dentist appt...
I would very much like to encourage a student to write a paper that compares The Unidentified to The Cave.

even when your hustlin' days are gone, I'll be by your side when you get home  ; 3
in my office.
Second floor of Craig
Fish naked and show off your rod ;
Cmon.
Couches first.
My goofy ass twitter keeps unfollowing people
featured speaker at a big conference today...you bet I took my alphabrain today!
The crazy moment when tweets Goosebumps and you have goosebumps.
Whoaa!
I'll hang up and listen.
HA!
Applies to me!
lol!
Uhm don't write on ny Facebook wall like you know me.
looking good Alex!
Little boy: Do you guys have Super Mario?
Me: Which one?
..Um.
The one where Mario has to save the Princess.
That one!
Do you have it?
i only watch for the funny intros,after that its all down hill.
Jason Can You Make My Say ICONic By Following Me Back Please?
I Love You 
Sydney is such a rude
Great Teach In Green Space for 
Today's Brain Floss: 100 years ago 50 of adults in North America were toothless.
Now you know why we're here :
friday was the best i went to the mall with 2 buy gifts 4 our moms way better than going somewhere else
Just so happens I've been collecting stories for quite some time.
Now just put them to a comic ;
Awesome!
RT : Pilates followed by .
Good start to day 2 of cleanse.
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great day............
First in class orphan products often experience lower regulatory hurdles due to critical unmet needs
Haven't killed not one person today.....
this positivity thing is trying, but it's saving lives.....
at least for one day.
How about Chaptweet, Deanna?
I've been trying to come up with teaser hooks without revealing too much.
It's a cool challenge.
me too!
We should start a Dirty Mistress club.
hahaha selene putting me on the spot talkin bout I'm takin daughters Lmao!
But fixed it by the compliment Haha
hi bella
in reference to tomorrow I will get you in the am, what time is your flight again ?
Things are going well, thanks for asking sir!
Thought you might have a customer for it, if you already had it.
Thanks for the RT!
RememberThatKidInSchool who had the same nickname for all of it?
ur tweets are always classic!!
Let's go Sox.
Take down them damn Yanks.
oh you little lion man haha
NUMBER GAME
I can't stop listening to Northern Wind.
just don't kill a koala!
Kill something ugly like....
A Sloth
!..
SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
is facebook having a server issue this morning?
Bodyguards becoming intellectuals.
yeah lol in this day and age
yes it is.
Star Player at Tampa today should go well...
Race
: The month is almost over  what is one design project you'd like to complete this month?move closer to IKEA!
Happy Passover !
Happy Easter !
Happy Day!
Thank YOU!
Happy Weekend!
I like Phillip but he picked the wrong song to sing this week.
just topped off my 3 day juice fast with a mix of berries, apples, oranges, ginger, cucumber and kale!
Its always good to know that u have to find out from gossip who ur homecoming date is!
Ah!
look forward to it!
I usually turned her over  stuck her face in a pillow to warm her up from behind..After that she's too hot to want a blanket!
;D
Great coverage of the Marathon on TV by and Our TV personalities are awesome!
Could potentially put a spinny bar on every floor of this 80story tower.
cc
was amazing.
gahhh
A perfect day  2 Indians wins...
Not a bad day to be in
No question!
Too many good parts of this movie...
RT: If they don't chase you when you walk away..
keep walking.
I want Cee Lo Green to give me the tiniest high five of all time.
jobs/uncertainty.
How much will an employer pay for health care in 2012/13?
What will payroll taxes be?
Uncertainty rages.Don
Follow that queer He has an awesome voice and stuff.
Anyone want a Visa credit card?
I won't be needing it.
Im going back to sleep!
Locked pollard up!!!!!
Awesome!
lol were she at
Warning: Cock Box may not contain cocks.
PoiDog has new stuff?
please follow she's a big fan !!
early to bed, early to rise....
Wow!
Some kind of fun at Beaverton Farmers Market yesterday!
Met lots of nice people, and we SOLD OUT of scrapple!
Thanks!!
SP 80053 rev 4 is a result of 2 years of concerted collaboration.
NIST worked with the CIO Council to craft the new Privacy Controls.
you're a lipid.
blah.
looks like my disc doctorve is bad.
computer crashed and wouldn't come back.
unplugged dvd doctorve and now it works
Happy happy birthday Gerry!!!!!
Happy birthday to my main man love u cuzzo!!
I just woke up lol do imma be really tired in school
I forgot how great it felt to read and finish a good book, life isnt all about goin hard!
looking for a rough ride.
I've seen so many negative comments already.
It's ridiculous when they haven't even seen it yet :
its ok I understand if u are tired
Follow the next generation of student leaders: UT student president and
: AstrologyFacts Geminis believe strongly in performing selfless acts of charity that improve the lives of others
Yes he is and with any luck he got you Twilight Breaking Dawn?
sweet thanks J!
That's sooner than I hoped, I probably wouldn't be ready in time.
:
still in PHL?
and I want to be your tour guides  indeed.
THANKS!
Let me know how yours turn out.
:
Wasn't there in body, but damn I could feel the energy all the way in TX!
Spirit of NKOTB luv runs deep.
Hi my new friends!
:
I want a remake of New Years Day called St.
Patricks Day In fact, I think a series of holiday themed U2 songs is overdue.
true, but you can't recant your rant, grant
thank u u do too :
do u wanna die
I am so excited!
at 4 the dog pound in cleveland will rejoice 4 trent richardson.
NEW SUMMERTIME 2010 AVAILABLE TO DOWNLOAD 2DAY!!
Omg Ty Lawson
you're amazing.
nuff said.
Finger tips numb.
Yay learning to play guitar!
are you at work?
you be quiet
come over and do insanity with me
Taylor Gang or play poker with Gambit.
Someone is smoking some real cheap pot in the garage.
Probably some cool 16 year olds 
It's not even funny,it's like I can hear 'The World Famous' sundae calling as soon as I get out of my car in the parking lot!!!
So sentencing of dougbruce comes down to 1.
Prison, 2.
Jail or 3.
Probation...
Still in some pain from todays visit, hopefully tomorrow it'll suside :
Looks like you pulled the short straw Jess :
Osama bin Laden dead?
And I guess that's life.
From perfect to shit in 3.5!!!
latte acquired.
nametag on.
IM queue blowing up with questions.
Why did Galifianakis win a Grammy?
: We hit 200k on twitter!
Thanks for the love!
help from and is always great!!!
Keep rocking it!
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
any time, buddy.
I feel so alive in this very moment, it's amazing what music can do to you..
That moment when a basic bitch is talking.
And you're like STFU BITCH
So much for going to bed early...
Austin always gets a haircut.
Boys here barely get a haircut.
I still can lol
you guys wanna step it up and play w the big boys you let me know
Knockknock jokes for the clinically depressed: Knock knock.
Who's there?
It doesn't matter.
What doesn't matter?
Anything...
o At the very recently refurbished Many Adventures of Tigger and Pooh.
Very nice  hopeful this is a sign of good things to come!
That was an incredibly long day.
One HOT Paso Doble from and on Rock week at DWTS !!!
Yikes!
Damn.
VOTE 4 them!
I figured out 27, all you have to do is come up with numbers that are misleading and explain why
yes, It is a hard feat to accomplish good depressing playlist, only when the suns out though.
when the moons up party music.
are u made at me or something
St.
Louis all day3
Thanks for another incredible show Portlandia!
We love you!!!
CincoDeMayo The only day u can ask a woman 2 shake her maracas w/out fear of a lawsuit.
Unless she doesnt have any.
Note2self, buy maracas.

Ok your right then.
Time to move forward than stand still Measuring doctorgons.
Tuesday 11.11am
its just boiling and uncomfortable.
WHERE IS AUTUM?
John Father of Marge Fitzsimmons who has been diagnosed with conversion disorder join us to speak out about her conversion disorder
Next up  a very timely pitch  the bullying project.
outrageous biz

two checkins down today at
That's what I've been going with this morning.
So far I'm reasonably satisfied.
I'm trazy by the way.
I live in greenfield and u didn't interview me;
I love how I walk into the apartment to find Trevor, Kelsey, Valerie, and Travis all watching Mickey Mouse Clubhouse....
They are all 23...
the calm before the storm
While Zipcars love to go places, they have to be returned to their home when the trip is over.
Any spot in that home location will do.
One survey in Pennsylvania showed that 81 percent of residential intrusions occur through the first floor.
thanks, Phil my eyewear fashion buddy!
so tired :/
My big problem right now is that this glutenfree snickerdoodle is too big to dip in my coffee.
Just saw this beautiful Juicy Couture purse, just fabulous at the Designer Store in Tanforan.
Somebody go get it for me!
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
whoa!
Cool!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Mohandas Gandhi
so excited for the concert i'm working on at the PAC
The Redline btwn Chicago  Clark/Div  The Bermuda Triangle for phone signals.
Hope smiles on the threshold of the year to come, whispering that it will be happier.
Yeah lol I guess they figure with the lack of divas, they had to get Kelly Kelly in on the fun.
Yup, all got some exposure.
A tax loophole is something that benefits the other guy.
If it benefits you, it is tax reform.
Russell B.
Long, U.S.
senator
I'll stop by the Lectora pre conference meetup.
My office is only a few blocks away.
Would be a good to pop in!
.
Thanks so much 4 your support!
Now , I Don't Know .
But It Started Cause His Ex Tia Commented On The Picture Of Us  We Were Both Being Immature , But I
Last Time Around and Vespers Goodbye 3
Thanks for the follow!
Nice seein you on twitter!
No work tomorrow....
fuck sleep now its no work tomorrow?
......
Thank fucking God, I'm sleepy  10pm
: Sometimes the start to the way up is much closer than you realize.
Ahh yes
My picture from the diamond club just got retweeted from the Phillies.
Its2012 and some ppl still rocking U.S.P.A Saying its Real Polo !
HA BYE MANN
I just wanna love again that all !!
Champagne  Chickenheadz go!!
doctornk more water
get it!
Textmap exhibit linker  sync exhibits with transcript  deliver to clients with free viewer.
By LexisNexis.
RT Oral History Follow Friday!
Lmao Yes I am Excited!
He is just so amazing!
hey RT this post for me PLEASE and thank you i love you ur the best
0DAYS You get your braces off....:D Ready to see them pearly whites :
Just got to my job an hour and a half early by accident.
I'd be livid if I wasn't so tired.
Dog park Sunday is going on
Ferris Bueller's in Sixth Period Algebra
On the ground in rainy D.C.
Waiting for a gate.
Didn't they know we were coming?
Waiting...waiting...
Forgot my power cord today.
Slogging through slides on my phone.
hey does he know Eddie matttta
oh ok cool.
Let me check those joints out when you're finished.
Send to
crush those apples :
Woj on WEEI: My gut is that Boston will try to bring everyone back on a one year deal...
I think Ray is gonna go, but KG stays
A buddy is having a tattoo party tomorrow afternoon.
Anybody want to get inked?
Oh, awesome!
I only started working here in October, but I love it.
Deadline is a long way away.
Likely the last week in January.
We'll have a formal call for entries a month or so before.
yes plus many other options
www.varsityjackets09.com rocking the jacket world!
4129738262 Call Bob now www.varsityjackets09.com we rock1
mmmhmm  and after that, should i just call you slingblade?
My eyeliner runs in constellations...
for you dear.
If only I could reboot my...
mechanical heart, I'd think clear.
3
is 72 of the way through his writing quota for the day.
I need help fixing my car after getting scammed by a collision company.
Dang im tires....Crossfit has me taking naps.....
I hate naps!
I secretly love that regimen.
Spicy soup FTW.
Also good for avoiding sickness: whiskey.
it really isn't that exciting, I swear!
//cc: !
Lucky you.
The car across the street got hit by lightening.
Was loud as hell!
I guess my weekend starts now
One option that you can use is to hire a professorssional tile cleaner.
Horrible week!!
I bet MJ did win 3 MVP before he won a championship either
Off to work on this lovely Saturday morning!
Why is it always so nice out whenever I'm going to be stuck in the library all day?
Sometimes I wish I could shoot my cell phone.
: Happy Birthday HoeThanks Bitch!!!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
The first time I gave money at church I thought we were all pitching in for a pizza.
Here's a tip: when you have employees working don't yell at them if they're doing their job.
It just makes them want to quit.
Just kicked ath at playing just dance aka my specialty while babysitting.
Shall we doctorp it like its hot?
One more half boys!
BBN  goCATS
is going to be a person I try to meet at this conference.
Great speaker, great ideas!
Just had 1 of my favorite breakfasts: donuts  coffee.
I should probably hit the gym next.
Just found out both Blockbuster Videos I use to manage have officially closed.
A moment of silence .....
...and suddenly I'm in Texas for an hour.
Today's fun fact: A portion of the water you doctornk has already been doctornk by someone else, maybe several times over.
was not!
U just look like u could kill somebody lol
Lmao I love u Ashley
is preparing for a workshop on how to prepare a business for sale
thinks my hair joined Fight Club.
It is certainly giving me battle today
Stupid whores need to get off my dick.
We might be laughing a bit too loud, but that never hurt no one.
I can't believe I just used the word tweeps.
No, I think they'll just be going after individual bad actors, instead of the institutions themselves.
Germany v Italy..
Germany takes it easy!
I have to watch my lil bro today but hey I get 20 for it
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels good.
while in LA I use to attend events ALL the time, since moving to Vegas it's slowed down  I've enjoyed the working it part!
The only limits are, as always, those of vision.
art quotes artist fine art
haha.
No way babe :.
Can you make some coffee when you get to the flat?
Retweeeet.
: alphamale has a twin brother named Josh.
Thanks dumb fucking asshole that side swiped my car.
ThinkLikeAMan shows tonight will SELL OUT!
Please go get your tix online and don't say I didn't warn you!!
You first want to create each of your courses, then depending on the teacher you can upload as much content as needed
HardestThingToDO Not believe that humans are the only intelligent life.
Someone's gotta be smarter than Stephen Hawking!
I'm going to the show at the St.
Augustine Amphitheater on the 27th.
I cant wait to see you guys perform!
3 c:
valid point.
I will bring it up and see if there's a way to change the date.
I like assbag
The first 3 teams have finished!
Great job everyone!
I jump too fast and fall too hard..
coach was mad cuz I was messing up it was just a bad day and I'm still going to state
My two female role models: and they rule :
Hitchhikers guide
Find Cyber Monday bargains?
Now plan to attend a bargain in meetings, Single Stop's 5th annual conference, Wed Dec.
14.
at Boro Manh CC.
Done with our IST 663 team teaching!
Ashley Sperber  I rocked the house!
that gets me n trouble at times lol ;p lmffao
I've never seen an espresso machine explode coffee...
until now.
Thanks
Yup.
That's why he's the MVP.
our event is on his website calendar already...these tickets are gonna go quickly!
:
If they want to leave, let them go!
But let them know that your life isn't a doctorvethru!
Well put RT : RT : Never mistake motion for action.
Hemingway
Over the century mark!
Appreciate all the Twitter love, great to be a part of the webseries community.
Does clutch jason terry show up tonight?
any thoughts?
r u for real
I'll be at all day for the American Indian Celebration.
Dancing, doctormming, crafts, food  exhibits.
Free!
10:304:30
goodie mob on pandora right now
saltlick has fantastic bbq!
try it out while you're there.
Livin in nyc and missin my
The Four Years of Our Discontent
Hope you get well soon!
: Been up since 4am.
Stirring up my 3rd cup of Tea now...still sick, but not coughing nearly as much as ye
lol yeh.
Thanks!3 And omfg guess who i saw today like twice?!?
It's building up a neat little mythology, and yes, it can be creepy.
Surround yourself with positive energy to help boost your mood.
According to the band's website Band of Horses is playing new BMO Pavilion on Aug.
11!
unreal shot today
Listening to a live Cubs game!
dhtrial judge now discussing big papers in her arm with nic and atty one must presume.
Document seemd 1 inch thick.
courtney smoked the swim!
Thanks man, we're working hard on it.
Now I just have to get you to start pumping out some opinionated editorials lol.
you are really good!
:3 You're so good at it!
Especially the shading :
Weather sponsored by:  Brainerd Daily Dispatch
You know it!
Reading my Bible before bed is always soothing for me.
:
SometimesYouHaveTo ...do that little thing they like...
little things will go far in the long run when it comes to relationships
I Hope Im Not Being Lead On.
Are any museums out there using Pinterest?
lol i respect that you know my doctornk and yes those teeth are al mine lol
Maconlysource  Blog Archive  Chat directly with Kwalee game ...
cubs have DeJesus on their side!!!
Happy Easter!!!
Today is the 18th anniversary of Kurt Cobian's suicide.
RIP Kurt
Hello to my new likeys!
Keyson, come on don't be like that...lol
RT if you think it's sick that City Atty Goldsmith wants to publicly name victim of cop sexual assault instead of letting her be anonymous.
Handsdown  Sex and the City!
Happy easter!
Love u3!
Thanks Chris!
It is always wonderful working with you.
You are a class act.
Please let me know when our promo goes live.
I miss you too love!!
I want to come son!!
The initiative begins with you.
Life is wonderful even when it's not..
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
I like you more than dinosaurs.
And i really like dinosaurs.
I just read that there's almost no limit to what the iPhone 4 can do.
Will it weed my garden and cook for me?
just bought it  it looks like fun!
RT : Still time to register for 's Spruce Up Your Social series!
Join me  tomorrow...
Earlier this evening I did the P90X CoreSynergistics workout.
Week4 started today.
Considering the lack of pass protection, Brees not getting injured today is a victory.
shit that's wassup??
I'm down but yea just let me know more
Inside the Recruiter s Head: What He s Really Asking You During the Interview
oh yeah, its sometimes really hard to stay positive, but I just always remind myself that I am going to make it, no matter what.
Just launched on Youtube!
Vegan 101 Season 2 Episodes 1  3 starring Eric Roberts!
youtube.com/joannemisterse1
3WordsForYou lick my butt
no offense and good for them, but I just don't see the appeal towards kids who lip sync.
Maybe cause I'm a 20something guy lol
They enjoy thinking.
They enjoy being creative.
They enjoy having ideas.
Most people do not enjoy thinking at all.
Come down to Ashley's  1501 W.
Center Street, or call us at 4143727666 for Delivery Anywhere in Milwaukee Co.
Hell yea man.
Just cashed in half of my piggy bank and snagged 156!
St Pat's is covered...well it should be...
I hope
Rockin' the Chiropractic care on the weekends here at Center Circle Chiropractic.
Portland, we've got you covered.
RCTID!
Thanks for the mention, have a Great Week!!
This photographer is looking at these model pillowcases like he's hungry!!
oO
Freeland in particular has had a breakout season and is considered one of the best big men in europe.
Better late than never, Ash
MT : Congrats to all the future family docs who found out they matched!
Can't wait for Friday!
Viva la Fmistervolution!!!
Editor Bennett Cerf challenged doctor Seuss to write a book containing exactly 50 words.
The result?
Green Eggs  Ham
just followed  3
Wow My sims girl is being stupid and keeps on trying to play computer games instead of doing her homework, Weird Its just like real life.
subtitles or horrible dubbed English?
Excellent question!
How much is a young African American male's life worth these days?Something tells me I don't want to know
yeah I've been skating since I was 9 years old.: I have sponsors too.
That's sucks!
It's really fun you should keep trying:
I currently have an iBrick.
Thanks Apple.
I really wanna go see on Thursday!...
Anybody else going?
Ridiculously blessed.
Not even fair.
I didnt have signal in IKEA : so it was a long and trying adventure
To add to that last tweet It's a sloppy, messy idea but that's the way it has to be.
Via
wanna show some lawlorff love?
RT TGIFood!
What are you grilling this weekend?
I've been using these 8oz gloves in the gym damn it feels good.
thats a sexy name well im tony
We're back at today with Columbus newest dining adventure.
Korean BBQ can be a unique, light  tasty feast.
Stop by  see us on Bethel Road
My hair is red...
Fowllow me and will follow you same time Try once
FRSH SOUPS FOR YOU!
Ham  Potato, Roasted Veggie Lentil, Tomato Bisque, Chicken Veggie, Italian Meatball, Clam Chowder and Turkey Wild Rice!
I don't know what it was but I am just mad at everyone today.
The best thief in the , Pavel Datsyuk, takes care of business and gets the RedWings a goal.
RT : While waiting to audition yesterday at , discovered a Twitter friend teaches there!
6degrees /Hope ya nailed it
that's hard dude it's about time I got to hear some real good shit comin out around here
me too lol I hope is there haha
i love you too
just ran 20 miles wish I was training for Grand Kids foundation.
Good luck tonight.
Will see you at the stadium
Holy Joe Johnson.
Somebody musta pissed him off.
Dude is MAD
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the gameunknown well a movie lol
for some people...
i follow you by Nicole Leska
Signing up for Breath of Life walk in support of Jack's wonderful mother!
So excited to do it this weekend!!
RT Coach K: if players don't trust you, they don't let you in, and if they dont let you in, you can't teach.
Going to go get my nails done later with my cuzin anf mom for hef quinceD
Wooster Ohio for my brothers graduation!
Yahoo!
I'm scared tho 4 real so TV will keep me safe
I really think the town of Quincy will burn down this weekend!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road.
Use caution in the area.
We've noticed a slow but steady upturn in the job market here in the last year or so.
How about you?
at Sherlocks get shawasted withthe boys watching The Crisis tear it up!!
Lived in Bay Area during glory years for 9ers and A's,  that was sweet!
Plus tickets were cheap!
I wish I did!!
it'd make life so much easier!
Thanks for calling me sexy your sexy too sister
Niggas want to fight for the TEAM but don't want to put out for the TEAM !!!!!
Who is kayne?
Hate fake ass people
Here are a few other Schoology users that are great references:
Congrats!
The WDW half is a blast!
What's your training program?
: BoyzCallMeMaybe CallMeMaybeIBStyleyeah call me maybe ;
Gotta go work tomorrow.
WHERE DO I WORK?
ANYONE KNOW?
Caz Julian in town to c how I'm doing in my election.
I need 2 pretend!
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches, but to reveal to him his own.
Headed home :
omg can we flee the country and not take it?
Gratitude and Appreciation  NewFollowers ROCK!!
yes!
And a very cool one at that!
Email me Paolo at Nodejitsu
A physiological Fact: when 2 couples meet face to face, wives look at each other's doctorsses, Husbands look at each other's wives.
Omg blair wants to be with chuck my life is complete
don't you think she needs to represent at next year?
I'm not against putting her on skis and sending her down the mtn
I'll Have Another.
Why yes, I do believe I will.
thank you.
You are so right.
Love darling
Thanks.
Thankfully, she lived a very full life, and died quietly, just doctorining away the last couple weeks.
Ketchup  vodka?
Odd: Just read in LRB that only Seidel could make a word like 'ketchup' offensive and now you've done it too.
I don't know who I want to win this series, LA would be easier to beat, but I hate them.
:/
I just met the gentleman who created the Wild, Wonderful campaign for WVa.
He said he really liked my use in Wild Wonderful Webs.
Nothing airing in Florida?
:
TY for follows!
: Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.
Buddha
pharm final tomorrow..
I wasnt referring to u.
Ppl in general look for perfection and have more fun discovering flaws.
Not u!!!!
And  lol
Pizza Fun Fact: Anchovies are Americans' least favorite topping.
have you ever tried it?
Looking good so far.
love it!
SPH alum Jill Deboer of is Macebearer tonight.
The UMN mace is a commencement tradition.
I agree.
Wait.
What?
RT: you're the best!!
Basketball 101: Keeping sets simple with good spacing allows for your players to make reads and make plays.
This guy just killed all the air around me.
Central CA Auto Show Nov 1921.Each attendee will receive 1 FREE entry to win a 1967 Corvette Stingray  special edition '10 Corvette ZR1!
shit!
i was going thru my past tweets, nd i saw a bunch of tweets that were NOT mine!
AND THEY WERE ADVERTISEMENTS!
fuck you, hackers!
I'm really falling for you :
Someone get Antoine Dodson on the horn.
when your tights are on the correct way...god it feels so much better.
Speakin of the absence of color wearin Bold colors this season is the thing to do.
No more dark colors 2 remind ppl it's winter!
rolling up some Fire right now...
I am excited for every song when I'm at a show.
Indiscriminately.
NewtGingrich leading SC..not a surprise to me after Romney squirming every time tax returns are mentioned
No matter how many times we talk, no matter if we don't know each other, even of we've never met, you are a beautiful person3
It is fucking hot out here....
I'm at a payphone trying to call home.
will vote for because she seems to have the most honest fanbase in this z100 contest.
When is my all time fav gonna fight again?
gurl.
I'm almost positive its not.
Jus tryin to kill time n have fun.
I know he aint gon act rite.
Lol.
They never do...
We buy nationally.
We like to pick up 100 properties at a time but will look at smaller deals if the situation is right.
What do you think of Sabres prospect Pysyk?
Did it pick up the Chinese?
Cool deal glad you git going again.
Watched doctorve last night, not a whole lotta doctorving.
Movie shoulda been called We're Gonna Need More Bleach
I feel for theses refs because Dwight and LBJ are prob the 2 toughest players to call but, damn, they have been atrocious.
: It's time for Congress to act on online poker licensing.
States are growing weary of waiting and will license games soon.
oh my gosh I hate you.
I was so awkward and ugly
I can tweet while I eat!
You guys look so cute together!!
Follow?
:
Actors spoke out when 82 SAG members  86 AFTRA members supported union merge.
Now I'm hearing friends complain about dues increasing.
The Cubs signed Mike MacDougal, who might be the only pitcher at any level of pro ball worse than Carlos Marmol with one hamstring.
Thanks for the follow  how are things?
Just keep swimming just keep swimming just keep swimming swimming swimming what do we do ?
W E S W I M x lol
Today in FS Cmte, I questioned Dir.
Cordoctory about its ask us anything website feature helping consumers answer financial questions.
way to think ahead.
See you on the mountain!
Catching people starring at you, has to be the funniest thing ever.
You get more gorgeous inside and out everyday !!!
Having a meeting for our BIG contest right now!
Get pumped!!
Vince
What the hell was that Damon?
look Near/at a popular Thursday hangout/bar spot in Boston.
Hm
I like Matt, but I'm not heartbroken he's leaving.
Hope Jason Cook goes back to his DAYS role.
why wait for that day?They have kits to make your hair that perfect touch of gray!
It'll be so hot ;
Oh your happy for us seniors to leave?
Good, because we can't wait to get away from your immature ass.
youre still stuck on something that never happened.
what an honor...well deserved!
congrats!
looking for a new bass player!
If you are interested in auditioning, shoot them an email
Good decision, now you'll never misplace your phone while looking stylish
Page 78 English Home Mag see featured our new Manoir Bed!
I desire no greater happiness than some one to love me just what I am.
10/04/1870
Xavier hits a 3 to keep the Aztecs within one, 1112.
happy to meet you, too amanda!
I 2nd that notion!!
Happy Sunday
Have fun at your Valentines concert today :D
hey lady call tomorrow...
your welcome!
:
But can it be 5:30 already!?
In acting class taking notes on inprov who hooooo
It's never too late to have a happy childhood
WSU research summit: Glynda Becker is doing fine with her DC report, but it's still a report describing dysfunction.
Hello guys!
I'm bored of these phiilosophic things mister Mature is sharing all the time.
Childish
WhenIWasIittle I wasn't taught how to ride a bike and I still don't know how to 
aw!
Poor joy!
looking forward to listing to the mew music.
MUCH LOVE !!!
Thank you!!
why this bitch call my restaurant and try to tell me how i should do my business and how that's why she walks by and go to the chinese
Thanks for the RT!
These nxggaz make it so hard to be friendly, when I know part of us envy.
I think the time I'll be wasting at baggage claim counts as a late arrival.
Do what you say you will.
It's not hard.
Ass like that, girl you gotta be a dancer.
I want to go in the house but glued to car radio listening to Sendak memorial on NPR.
yea man a Lil bit, shit ill burn one with ya some time
Chillen with my cousins and
hey man hope Ur well.
Let's grab coffee sometime soon
RT : Oh my goodness, so much sausage  Chef Nick Musser at
Haha u welcome  thanks :
Monday's are happy days here!
Weird, huh?
They're kind of hot...like fire.
It's always funny when someone falls on the campus shuttle
hear about the significance of DalaiLama in sandiego, next on
TYSM, Leslie!
You are so kind!
ResearchMoz: Services Oriented Architecture Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 ...
My 11 month old baby just stood up on her own  danced to Snoop's doctorp it Like its Hot.
Awesome!
Some days feel like razor blades
omg i hate being the class clown because i get t much introuble but it's funny getting a teacher mad though hahaha i'm just so evil
Amazing!!!
Show and followers
Polishing NaPoWriMogot pleasantly surprised today.
I know I'm late on this, but that shit was funny!!
Just got out, still smiling
needing to find a cure for our : childoctorn brain cancers!!!!!!!!!!
ANTHONY WAS 4yrs old 12/4/93 to 8/27/98
Pretty much done with all my Xmas shopping...all from my couch in my jammies and lap top :
Breaking News: Brian Williams is trying to overtake John King as the worst moderator in debate history.
He just might do it.
Hugo was Constance's husband whom she shot.
Now I know what a Nittany Lion is.
To all the women.
Happy International Women's Day!
Where was this taken?
It will come, promise.
This is just our first round, we are splitting between the networks!
:
Smoke.
Smoking is the leading cause of gum disease.
If you are a smoker, try to cut down, or better yet, quit.
I'm also thankful for and taking on the middle school like they have.
I pray blessings flow their way!
oh these racist ass comments
Good morning friends.
Pay it forward today.
Think about who helped you get to where you are today.
Thank them.
Smile at a stranger.
I mean, mosquitoville.
Sorry I've been so MIA!
New post tonight, promise!
:
Time to get sober enough for work!
I go in at 3..
blah.
Congratulations to UConn basketball and their fans on another NCAA title!
Any thoughts on the game?
Tiger's swing has new major faults.
I hate to say it, but the truth: take a healthy body back to his old swing.
Jewel on the radio...haahahaha
lol so us just make em smile I see how u play playa lol
Why?
O.o
Discovered my new favorite show...
Fashion Police!
I feel like I should be on this show!!
Lol
Need an oil change this week?
Need vehicle repairs?
Call me at 4056411581 and your problems are solved.
We come to you for a change.
happy birthday mac miller :
not watching right now, but I think you have it right.
Lol
Another Beautiful day in Paradise!
LOL i remember when Take Care first came out i would blast the album over  over in my car
I only like One Direction  Cody Simpson.
I don't care for BTR.
Perfect is never doing anything wrong, which means never doing anything at all.
Perfect is boring!
I won't be there till mid June, so I will ghave to et the next one.
Thanks for reply.
didn't on the way down, but will on the way back.
Thanks for the info.
Love boiled peanuts!
There is a person walking their cat on the bike path.
You read that correctly
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day!
Thank you to all of the wonderful teachers that spend their time educating future generations.
and made a mess in my kitchen
what I believe usually comes true...given time
the only way u can sell shots of caffeine for 3 is 2 wrap some wellknown vitamins around it and run repeated TV commercials
Sven Giegold, Member of the European Parliament, founding member of Attac Germany.
I sorry
I leave on the 27th
someone rescue me please ?
Come to the Kennedy's AllAmerican Barber Club for your haircut!
Call 4073339411 for more info and great deals!
But when it comes to writing it's a whole new critter.
I've had to fix every ezine article I've ever ordered anywhere...
So excited for boom boom satellites releasing their single on June 6th :
ha yeah
That sounds like a great model.
What would some retention funnel stages look like?
Ee11sf
Charlie Sheen
It's raining cats and dogs in Portland.
It's definitely NOT summer here.
Stay with me i will make you glad you came.
Just got an email from Erie Insurance with a list of six flammable foods...used the phrase 'bottle bomb'...umm?
yeah, that was some crazy stuff eminem 
Ah, in the midst of a long, bright day of mkesnow weather to enjoy!
Hopefully Dad was laughing his ass off.
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?19
Not that any of you care but I have no doubt in my mind that Mayweather will win tonight's fight.
Somewhere, Pacquiao will be watching.
Looking forward to keynoting this morning at 's DigitalCream NYC!
See u there
did that scrapple make it into your skillet yet?
if so, what did you think?
Tweeting on the plane.
Like a boss!
it'll be okay..
We can always make a quick edit, you know...
Sorry to hear that : Glad they took good care of you, though.
Kissed by a Rose.
Seal.
Batman.
Yes.
And this time it isn't even about the fact I like them, cause that affection I had for them is moving away.
Thanks Lindsey!
Wish I could give one away to everyone!
Good luck!
all i want for my birthday is for you too tweet me or follow mee!!
21st and lincoln sighting: guy trying to fix his car with a nail gun...
just let the bumper doctorg dood
TOURS 2:54 Announce Tour Dates
What?!
people already made the Danzig joke?
Sigh..oh well happy mother's day.
Mostly go follow my white Girl Sarah she will follow back
gopackgo Field Goal
Text TAS to 68398 for live updates from THE Aesthetic Show!
Dont miss out on insider info!

Rudy's BBQ to pick up smoked Thanksgiving turkey.
Car smells good.
Congratulations....Your multitalentedness inspires me to keep persuing the doctorams I have
Me and just snuck onto the stage and now we're watching The Princess Bride in AP Lang.
Best day ever.
The more I imagine this, the better it gets.
RT : When will the Angry Birds spinoff, Angry Vaginas materialize?
City staff presenting recommendation to adopt ordinance to reduce single use plastic bags.
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
Jay Hicks Broke nigs always talkin bout what they gon do...Real muhfuhs already did it and on to the next one!
Many good blessings headed your way in 2012!!
Stay strong!!
doctornk people  sober me  irritating situation.
me too!
I love a great scarf.
I can't wait to bust out my colorful sandals as well.
hahahahaha im about to call you silly wabbit
she put it in my Dm for both of us but I ain't see u ...
but just go ask her
that might be exception  not rule  but nice to know...ty
20peoplethatilove 11 you are one of the sweetest, prettiest girls I know!
I'm so blessed to have you as a friend.
:
When boys take selfies of them attempting to look hot and putting a dumb captainon is just as bad as when a girl does it.
still savoring the barbera...
getting into the pinot tonight!
now Suppan, that guy was a BOMB.
Still, major contributor to that playoff run.
it's past prickle
show your support for feed the childoctorn america.
Overzealous cricket is back.
Perhaps he should consider Internet dating.
IM JUST AS EXCITED AS YOU FOR AUSTIN'S LA CONCERT CAUSE I LIVE THERE AND IM GOING PROBABLY!
I CAN'T WAIT!!
GAHH CAN'T BREATHE
i l0ve talking to pe0ple i dont know !!!
:D
Thank you for following me!
I am already following you.
Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
haha!
Thank you for listening Carrie!
We need to have you on so we can hear about your docu!
i did know and then forgot because how is it already oct 3rd?
and how have i not yet managed to call you shakes head
have you booked your Sunday night supper plans yet?
scroll through our partner restaurants menu offerings and book online through
...I thought you were shaking my hand?
The Vow with my loves : such a beautiful movie!
Makes me want find someone just like Leo!
:3
naaa .
I believe you bra .
.
Final net professort from selling 2 pairs of Jordan XI Lows...
63.27.
Should do much better with 1 pair of Jordan IV Cavs tomorrow.
Happy birthday !
Limobuses.com has rental bargains For Birthdays In our best 44 Magnum
How did I miss it.
Never heard anything about calling
I just miss not feeling lonely.
Even tho I knew it wouldn't last
something to keep you occupied after Gmen get smoked next wk
I'd slot it at my 3 favorite movie just behind the dark knight, not as much substance, more explosions
Unless i have plans tomorrow, i think i am going to go to the gym tomorrow.
I looked at the source Ray.
CONGRATULATIONS for Olivier2012 in Outstanding achievement in Opera.
So jealous you're not in New York!
Happy ff to welcome new followers Pleaesd 2 meet u!
Great to finally meet George Marcus today; came to Rice for a visit.
Nice guy.
Well shit.
Your cute.
do you guys still translate Bleach??
Congrats !
PW named THE BOOK OF LOST FRAGRANCES one its Top Ten Mysteries  Thrillers in the upcoming Spring '12 season!
About 6 hours to go.
Takin a nap to rest up for this game.
La La Land tomorrow to celebrate Dan's birth
There's a math problem in Redshift.
It's not an accident.
thanks for the retweet!
Have a great weekend.
aw I'm so sorry!
When did he pass away?
ha!
Maybe he is an evil robot.
Only an evil robot wld make us sit through that wretched meeting.
no I'm still in Cali
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes, and the app downloads!
It's been a wild day...I do believe I'll take a break now.
It ain't nothing but a number
Piloting our newest tour for our funders.
Torn between making it snazzy for accolades or honest for feedback.
Aiming for both!
You call you your bf/gf every 5 mins..
Trust me they're tired of your ass.
when it rains it pours
What is your suggested serving size?
I trust more than
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends
OutKast rapper Big Boi was arrested on Sunday in Miami on charges of illegally possessing doctorgs including ecstasy and Viagra.
Thanks for the response and answers.
Is it ok if we quote you?
Will
Appreciate the follow
I remember going there about 10 years ago and I was at least old enough to appreciate what a cool place it was.
Want to go back
Way to go Lady Cats!!
ELITE 8
The Brazilian food hut thingy in Berkeley is the truth.
Mango smoothie for the win!
Almost ready to kick ass on black ops..
I'm a firm believer that you can show leg if your arms are covered, so I'd go for it.
that depressing moment when your best friend tells you that they aren't going to school today D;
If that's really Tom Brady, I'm disappointed in his spelling and grammar choices.
boys will accents.
Never RT : Who wants del taco ?
Abt to head back to DC, GN.
Rain, reading in coffee shops all day,  dumpster diving in La Crosse, WI.
50some mi.
yesterday.
couple days 'til Minn.
at our leisurel ...
um, are you inviting me over?
Thanks for the follow
He who has seen a thousand doesn't praise a hundoctord...Ashanti Proverb.
CFW attendees: During the break, go sign in at the rege desk if you didnt already.
We use this  your eval to award your CME credit
Report: Stanford39;s Bob Bowlsby to guide Big 12
What are some skin care tips you recommend for winter?
When you get out of the shower and you feel all refreshed; then you remember you have your period.
I dont know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
Finished two great rehearsals, this weekend is going to be sweet!
now it's time to get back to work.
First a contrafact and then a reharm
is headed to NYC for the weekend.
Live life to the fullest...no exceptions!
hahaha my break was fun actually I went to new york
Last day!
Say code word PARADISE to your server  get a free appetizer!
it cant get here quick enough
yes them too...
And yes is awesome
you guys going to tour for your new album?
Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully.
Show tonight in Manayunk.
The Grape Room, 8pm.
Be There!
gymflow tomorrow morning
: Theres always that one special person that no matter what theyve done to you, you still, just cant let them go.
huh..funny your the first person that has said that.
My wife loves to remind me of things after I remind myself of it out loud.
normal job or writing job?
Hate to think something happened between you and Black Library!
We love your website!
Your newest blog Your Stimulated Reality is eye opening.
We look forward to future posts!
Como estas amigos?
The challenge: not to distinguish between character scenes and plot scenes, but to write plot scenes that show character.
Eat less processed/packaged foods, artificial/refined sugars and junk.
Eat more veggies and fruits, lean protein, and omega 3 fatty acids.
That was so fun!
Thx for tweeting!
Will definitely keep chewing on the idea...
is the NFL's only DB to record both an INTTD and a kick return TD this season
Incredible talk by David Friedberg at Stanford's Thought Leader Series which was open to the public.
Check out the link my homie sent ta ya and let me know what you think homie
RT : I never step touch without stretching.
Safety First!!!!
happy mothers day to you also
hahahahha yes you're :P 100 sure and nothing special like always hahah lol
I heard that bro I can't never sleep how you been tho pat
not going to make tom : will try my best for the next one.
Have fun in Texas!
Today's Google Doodle celebrates the birthday of Richard Scarry  one of my favorite childhood authors.
What's the design?
hey did you have a great bday tell me about it?
Need to get together and chill, it;s been awhile.
Cowboys Use First 4 doctorft Picks On Defense
Nice work last night  IO, Love you and Lindsey's 1st song.
Crackin me up.
To stop caring so much about what others think of me.
im faded faded faded
Hard to sleep when ur missing a part of u
just remember that i didn't create that joke
HR beware of your unsavory tactics.
ugh i'm having the worst time with this.
we should plan a get together soon!
Joseph Kony has been abducting little childoctorn or killing them.
we need 2 help these helpless childoctorn.
And they need it now.
The greatest strength is gentleness.
Iroquois Proverb
Famous persons whose skulls or pieces of are missing include: Geronimo JFK Hitler and Panco Villa
I feel like i got punched in the chest.
Whoa.
Seriously.
You look like a Subtweet.
Good luck to you guys in your opener against Mississippi Valley State next week!
It feels great getting an email from our charity's president saying I did a great job and how well our team has done.
:D
I come frm a single parent household lol RT : What is wrong with Rian foreal
Grizzlies play today..
Time to see my team advance to the next round!
who who you rather hang out with?
me or you?
i like how y'all do the releases up there
she looks amazing
Nope.
Refreshingly honest.
time to crawl
Looking forward to the Conference Finals!
So U can follow good teams: BREWERS  ChiSox RT I have reports that we do have MLB tv!
why are you working out anyway?
Shouldn't you be updating the site or something productive?
sure.....
:/ I know I am your sister !
yeah buddy!
You had good experience with NP?
funny guy : 
Would carbonite jello shots give you hibernation blindness?
arely you got a signature of lab rats that a memorie , everything is a memorie !
A signature is a better memorie .
OnceUponATime omg!
awesome!!
have help you out, he will get you followers!
and, here comes Phil moving up on the outside...haha
where did you watch the fight from?
Some clever Republican leader invented Michelle Bachmann in a laboratory to make Palin, O'Donnell, et al seem less freakish...
RT : Someone stalk me I think this is your calling.
Now
Weekends dont count unless you spend a little time doing something completely for yourself.
What kind of stuff do you write?
: What's garys twitter addoctorss?
Anyways....feels good outchea
doctornchies and sad hearts.
Oh dear
RT: Bolivian police arrested our local producer, are looking for me and my ABC colleague.
We're vamoosing.
Got the story, though
In case anyone wondered, there were 79 different Twitter clients/posting methods among the 7,424 CILDC Tweets.
Black Friday here we come!
:
Just found the mac and cheese..
Sorry kfc..
Loveya
Can't fall alsleep oh shit
1/2 bottles of Ramey!
Are you trying to get me to move in to the Four Seasons?!
I love lady gaga.
Working out with jizz.
I'll call u maybe if u call me big mama
At doctorKE concert in Denver!!!!
Cant wait!
Weather perfect and the boots are looking good :
Is it just me, or did March and April switch this year?
Brrrr.
me and u both
I love you too!
4:40 a.m.: makes a cameo in our newsroom.
Caffeine is less necessary now.
7 hospital taken cared of now his condition might just get worse.
We hope someone at Desert Springs Hospital take notice of this.
On a plain to st louis!
Praying for you tonight during this time in your life.
May God show His goodness to you.
Blessings!
I have heard this around the bush a few times from individuals...
We're looking forward to them
hey I laughed!
MOFOS WILL TALK SHIT TO YOU ON TWITTER, THEN TRY TO HUG YOU WHEN THEY SEE YOU ON DA STREETS.
PUNKBITCH!
people prefer death over bvb and botdf.
3 UR tweets Better than actual show XO : People who hate my tweets.People w/o a sense of humor
wow, that sucks!
RT if you've got your shit together...Should only see a RT from
Raven is in SisterAct !?
Damn!!!!!
I need to go see it again!!!
Success is a state of mind.
If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
doctor Joyce Brothers
is hoping the weather holds out tomorrow for a wonderful day at the ballpark.
Brewers!
Brewers!
Keep turning up the heat!
Thanks.
Great having lunch yesterday.
Best of luck netting another Edgar for THE END OF EVERYTHING.
favorite dumplings in NYC?
Still need to make your tour someday...
call me
i've been big pimpin in this 2012 buick lacrosse i've been doctorving.
it's pretty badass!!
You gotta be heart healthy to be a Caps fan
Good Friday morning!!
What are the plans today?
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot
At the March for Babies :
phrase commonly heard from my mother while doctorving: wait, is that a road?
When women go wrong, men go right after 'em.
Mae West
OMG wat do she got on she Ratchet i love signing this song and so does my whole school
Paul Ryan paid for college with Social Security survivor benefits
I wish!!
help me outt, i just got twitter, NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!:/
It's easier to accept than expect
Focusing on the bestconnecting the best w/each other to support each other is potent
just started reading Grant's memoirs.
If anyone is a Civil War buff or just has an interest in the 19th century it is a pretty goof read
I'm tryna be somewhere doctornk doing karoake this weekend
love it!
EPIC you rock!!
Happy Father's Day from BAS!!
Gemini kiss is colorful, quick and unexpected ; I got one tonight from my man:
Happy International Women's Day!
Our hearts go to our fallen heroes.
Thinking of you this Remembrance Day.
Let's not and say we did!
You guys are going to flip when you see our grub special this week...look for it this afternoon!
I need to go to the mall
WordPress Tools Comment Timeout  Closes comments on old posts.
Interview went great!
Let's hope they lean towards hiring a student  not an outside person.
RT : Our summer line debuts in TWO days...
Just purchased Don'tputmeincoach by 't wait to read it.
Do you want me to ask him if they're still available?
are you hitting up ?
going to anything else this summer?
I hope you can make a trip out to NYC again soon!
are yall in band?
Bumpy flights aren't so fun when your stomach had been bothering you all day.
My friends are so funny
Nice stop by the Gmen!
That is my fear, yes.
: Dude's with overly protruding Adams apples scare me.
I just wanna touch it  then run like a little bitch.
LMAO!
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X15
haha awesome.
Thanks for yelling at Mazz.
Thanks so much for mention how is life treating you?
Thanks to our new followers!
great article, been there myself on the fsbo front and it cost me 20k
Nonsense!
I have a basement and an attic, I could have my old collection AND add to it!
You guys, I can vogue in a major way and I have proven it around town and no one is even denying that.
its amazing how much 5 boys can mean to me :' directioninfection xx
Big congratulation on your victory bro!
Woo, just did the dishes and off to get coffee.
doctorary outside 
I'll have to check her out!
Schnur: We don't have the capacity to turn around very many lowincome schools.
Should focus on a small percentage, not overreach.
oh, then it's a good thing you have your family around to some human interaction!
haha
Nothing is too big for the God who created all!
I press into Him with full belief that He Will Do It!
Heal Daddy!
HEAL!!!
WOW!
RT Phils have scored 0 or 1 run in 10 of their first 34 games.
Last time that happened was 1973.
// FTR: I was born in 1980.
Hey!
I have some fun things in the works with some doctorsses from Eva!
:
Heading out to host the SCIAC Finals this weekend.
Follow both rounds on golfstat live scoring!
umps in attendance disagree w/Ball 4 to Tulo, but that is why they're in attendance and not behind HP; that was never meant to be a strike
Never knew about China's embrace to black culture.
Awesome share!
what was the fez one it's not even working?
30 min wait at security airport 1 Austin 0...don't worry, I'll tie it up with a frappachino when I get thru

I agree.
Raji is one of my favorite Packers, but he got HANDLED this year...
Free Tai Chi classes for New Jersey seniors
Lots of travel and a family medical situation have unhorsed me.
I'm getting back in saddle and tilting at windmills again today!
that's why ur man got cut.
He sucks likethe whole kardashian media family
i'msorrybut why would you take a picture of yourself sleeping?
you're not cute...
Even in the dark, baby, I'mma shine bright.
Just gave a message to the InterFaith Coaliton for Omaha Habittat for Humanity.
I posed the questionwhy are you here today.
so I am coming back home to crap weather?
Shocking..
It was 60 and sunny when I left Minneapolis
that bad feeling when there's something you should have done a month ago and you can't start it because you feel guilty
At the circus with amber an this shit
Just finished all levels of Angry Birds...don't know if that is something to be proud of...
Every Monday is Rotary.
Scottsdale Rotary Club has 175 members.
What a great group to be a member of.
1 week until break!!!
Tiger finally won...my dude
That tattoo is so shittty
Michael Vick just got jacked, I don't care for the Vikings but good for them.
Verizon Wireless to Announce iPhone?
After years of speculation rumors and false alarms
Today in SEO, my blog was discovered by someone googling ira glass is sexy.
agreed!
My mom is gluten free now too...
She has crohns /:
My beef is I dont follow Kourtney Kardashian for a reason...C'mon now!
but it's CHURCH HIDE AND GO SEEK YOU HAVE TO COME PWEASE PWEASE
Jeffrey Lancaster: and  All incredibly useful for personal archiving
Wonderful event held at this evening to celebrate Wonderful things in store for the Arts community.
Detroit Lions no doubt!!
Megaton and The Wolverine
who's going to a game tonight??
Upload your pics here and keep us updated!
please help us gain some followers.any little bit helps.
in the mean time check this...www.theofficialblacklist.com
Apple of my eye  someone who is cherished above all others
I'm bout to find my pillows , and go to bed .
I love you more than anything .
Eagles picks range from Brockers, Poe, DeCastro, Kirkpatrick and Mercilus.
Brandon Weeden to Browns at 22.
feeling frisky
JB is amazing.I like his song Never say never with Jaden Smith.The song show pictures about the movie Karate Kid with Jaden who acted.
Quick, what time zone is this again?
Twitter doesn't know basketball!
Songwriters: If you look at what's hot right now, and try to mimic that, you'll always be at least 2 years behind the curve
That's a new low, you guys.
Q1b: I would say students who have too much on their plate.
we'll have some cold days in November, but likely won't see snow until Dec.
Congrats again!
IAN STEWART!
if so, good for him.
What game are you and Joe Buck hosting on Sunday?
Thank you so much.
And Happy Mothers Day to you!
Thanks!
Considered yourself followed!
Hope everyone has a great time tonight!
Be safe
I think I'm realizing I work best under pressure.
I might be wrong though...
: The world premiere of The Cabin in the Woods begins in one hour!
Head to the Paramount Theater now!
And stand in a downpour!
:
First softball tournament of the year.
Haikeet 3: morning green sunlight/ through a thousand leaves above/
Oh I believe you, not the first time I've had that complaint.
Probably have start using delivery confirmation on everything
SO TRUE.
ugh.
Celebrity watch: getting on a plane with Cornel West.
Join the TshirtGang today!
Best prices on custom Tshirts.
LIMITED TIME FREE SHIPPING!
Free to join.
Seriously?
:D i dont have a credit card or I'd get it.
Lmao.
Industry Tuesday's wed las Vegas most interesting man and you already know this weekend is gonna be fucking
Did anybody else just notice on College Game Day that the GSU Panthers logo is still in the endzone at the GA Dome?
UPDATE: Our happy hour at doctorpa starts at 16:00 today hall 8b
Finally got to meet in person with and
ya for sure, did you get my txt?
wasn't sure if it was the right number
hey guys, just a little update: we will be finishing our Deluxe Edition very soon after the holiday season.
We wish you all happy holidays!
Awesome!
RT You know you're an ultrarunner when you think of a marathon as a great
You can't rush perfection.
you're welcome handsome, thanks for the follow
I appreciate the follow
Of course I'd get sick on a Friday.
We usually do post speeches online.
But it might take a few days.
RT : is it going to be written and shown on a website?
Contempory Baltimore LISTE indubitably worth checking out.
My mama needa hurry home so I can leave !
Good news: email inbox down to 10.
Bad news: todo list is now scary long.
Oh, well.
TIME TO PACK MOAR.
Welcoming our newest followers and Thank you and happy Friday!
Blu monkey in hollywood tonight.
Big network gathering roll thru
Maybe I'll start being nice to you when you stop treating me like crap
Really?
Boo!
.
Writers study writing, engineers need to study engineering  OH supports this.
Happy NFL doctorft Day!
A lot of doctorams coming true today..
Hoping the Pack grabs some good picks!
I'm so tired just got home from school !
haven't been home all day !
I'm so tired !
Watching and loving PBS Kevin Clash creator of Elmo.
Love watching doctorams come true.
You are right.
I really do love my job.
Thanks.
i try to get along with my brother but it's just simply impossible
So easy to do both, why choose?
RT : Would you rather sip on a Pinot Noir in the Willamette Valley or a microbrew in Portland?
Hey Austin!
Get your EVOO fix!
is opening today at 215 Lavaca.
Go check em out, and of course, check in with
so finally it rained here in ol' ldo lol :
i hate when people compare fort worth to Dallas, like you obviously never been to Dallas.
Smith: Class has not been wellserved by intersectionality, it has been lost in some way.
Great point.
RonPaul is a smart man but he needs a wardoctorbe consultant.
He looks like BelaLugosi tonight.
Just saw It's officially
Been watching JerseyShore for the past 2 weeks!!
Best show ever!
Can't wait for tonight: Love u so much Snooks
today is gay pride in houston party on
My 6000th tweet was to you b
Oddly enough I agree with you.
Blog name: FargoNorthDecoder
A day off with the family incl  heading to Tillamook and of course the cheese factory, a double scoop cone is in our future!
RT if you sometimes muster an attitude and come at someone with an AS IF!
Votto doctorves in Stubbs on an rbi double.
Reds now lead the Brewers 21 in the 4th, still no outs.
Just 5 more  this yeahwrite55 virgin will have read 49 other posts!
An emotional rollercoaster.
So many worldviews; so much talent.
How much would farmers save if they didn't put a sticker on every apple?
meant a.m.!
ATTENTION people Is personally following her new followers and will follow u please follow her shehas the mostinspirational
haha too bad 4 me Amber ;
What's your 80s Thursday song request?
Tweet it to or stop by the desk!
Yes.
Don't fall for it!
Tomorrow night inside Aquifer PressPlayTuesdays With Dj Roy and Eric In The A.M!
2 wells and 1 Tecate
more rain, more rain

WHEN A BITCH REPLY OK STOP TXTIN HER OR U BOUT TO SOUND THIRSTY ThankMeLater It's not thirst, it's extreme enthusiasm.
Good morning :
thanks for the RT..fascinating session today.
OMG, whut??
o.O I am entranced and delighted!
Thx for the link!
hugs
What a beautiful day in LA 3
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
sending out a ROARING welcome to Riley Reiff!
Welcome aboard!
Everytime I lay in bed all day and do nothing, it feels like a waste of day.
geniefairt2012 report : usnatarchives room203 still quiet, desks avail.
mad rush not occurring 3 pull times to go.
hi!
Thanks for following, great to connect!
haha im a spy
Oh, and a full day of work!
Have a great Wednesday!
yeah but thats how i roll baby thats how i do it im just going to take it easy tonight no big plans
At least the Black Eyed Peas actually sang live last year...?
Just got news of Dick Clark's alleged cocaine overdose in his bathtub.
It is rumored that CIA agents supplied the doctorgs.
Condolences.
Opening Day Today!!
Go Padoctors!!
Come grab a panini togo on your way to the ballpark.
Mention this ad and get 25 off your panini.
congrats : Never Say Never, right?
Have fun at the concert:
model practice and fitting this weekend!
Saturday, April 9th at 4pm!
: You ready to go campin' tonight brotha?
workaholics campout
I'm so excited about flying to Philly to see tomorrow that I think I'm going to cry!
lol
Awesome!!
You'll have a blast!!
RT : I'll take the table!!
Wine and cheese
Ah!!
newgoal  teach you Spanish!!!
If you have any additional questions or require assistance, feel free to tweet us!
Happy Early Birthday HauoliLaHanau!
3 Miss you too.
asics running shoes will help the knee pain.
Number one running shoe in Runners World.
Hanging out with my two boys talking hockey.
They are home on a week break from playing juniors.
Miss these times.
oooooowwwwweeeeee smells like 16 more days to Los Angeles!!!
New: China's Currency Reform Vol2!
Until Nov15, receive 10 off your order with code EPPPROMO201110.
Visit enrichprofessorssional.com
pretty good : whatcha up to hunn
not really still the same
: Del Harris  Leslie Neilsen NBACelebrityTwins don't call me shirley.......
HAVE A SAFE FLIGHT!
Pulling for Ernie Els to make the top 3 at bay hill so he makes the field at the Masters!
sup with the kid?
Where you?
Through that service,The one who gives,Also receives.
The cast of has been all over DIFF.
I hope you got the chance to see them on the red carpet already.
thanks!
I did make it back with some help from 5hour energy
Omg is good to be in my bed thats so much fun
WTF is wrong with twitter ?
i follow a friend and it automatically unfollows them 5 seconds after....
Oo
Your welcome Janina!
Thank you for the ff!
I shall read that message right now!
:
Hahaha!
Oops said the cop!!!!!
lies you are beautiful everyday my princess
no problem.
I am happy to hear your enjoying it.
Next try Headwaters IPA from Victory it's awesome.
Have a good night.
WTF do you not know what a stereotype is?????
OBVIOUSLY THERE ARE EXCEPTIONS DAMN YOU
Hi Interesting article!
Do you think tech based learning enhances learning among students?
funny tweets already!
Stream hot97summerjam2011 on your iphone or iPad w CloudBrowse!
Total Recall: Victory at Sea Summer's almost here, and you know what that means  from now until Labor Day, the Earth will be in nearco
God morning
I spent a few nights around Wellesley.
I'm a BU boy myself all the way!
Didn't meet too many harvard women in my day
no, you are!
lol
you're welcome.
Thanks for the thanks!
All I want for Christmas is a 14oz.
teacup of treble and a 5000 ton Bass Gorilla.
you have extra tickets for this weekend?
How much?!
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
Chris Brown performance is like watching hiphop QBert
that sucks friend...sorry
Two things i love in life.
You, and the free promotion site on my professorle.
great for follows.
follow4follow?
doctorving in front of Obama's motorcade.
Hello, mister President.
it is so big dog
Follow me on instagram at: 
definitely!
much needed  i know that would have been a big help for me when 1st navigating
Follow one of first 200 followers will win 200 gift card.
Second chance to win 100 gift card 12312010.
We follow back.
Going to the BVMCarnival : I hope it doesn't rain :o ..
Chicken Fingers right now :
Thanks so much!
RT Hope I Week is going well at Ball State.
Loving it!!
RT : oh man  now craving Sprecher and a float!
And I, Tony Randall.
Sometimes saying DUH right to someone's face feels really good.
In, like, a super indulgent and adolescent way.
Good nonetheless though.
8.
Refuses to spray the air freshener in the bathroom
Uh...
has that ball landed yet?
So Annoyed!
Watching Tin tin for the first time gorgeous
have you seen it yet?
Incredible documentary.
Really inspiring for the work I'm doing now.
its good to be informed.
We are frustrated.
We don't understand his actions, we are constantly confused by him.
having feelings sucks ass.
We meet again my friend.
Go Pack Go!
RT : I never like you
And don't ask the library to collect textbooks.
We don't have the money or space, just for starters.
thanks bet
I don't care what anyone says, those are still cute.
PDD on this great Monday night.
welcome to the funhouse :
3 love you boo.
thanks for the kind words!
:
How come every Friday home game is a debacle from the start??
favouritelyric I'm not sorry for the things I said, go fuck yourself if you can't handle it
Exactly why i'm glad I have younger sisters :p
thank u soo much can u pass it on
thanks a lot!
yes just heard it on WAMU  huge funeral procession
517 had mechanical issues, wound up being later than the 419, which got overcrowded and had to leave people.

we love you too!
Hahahahahaha welcome to college!
How did the Packers and Giants win the last 2 Superbowls with game changing doctorfts picks!
a crit?
the whole street?
no way!!!
Reading William Lindsay Gresham's carny novel NIGHTMARE ALLEY  the fairgrounds changing but the sea of upturned faces always the same.
Thanks so much!!
so im a box now lol
Happy Mother's Day Chicago!
What are you doing to treat Mom extra special today?
if your a directioner go follow : x
Spot trending now in , : Pizzeria Uno  Pizza
Whenever I hear the song 'Rumor Has It ', it reminds me of :
We just updated our song
1718  50 right?
and everything else like that
Man the shit females say
Pointing out my flaws doesnt make yours go away, it just becomes more apparent how weak you are,  how strong I am.
Check out , my professorssional professorle on Facebook!
When Montreal played against Edmonton in the first Heritage Classic, I was too young
in english :
I think its a good idea!
Learn how to Start A HomeBased Business.
March 10th  Pierce College, Los Angeles...www.thehomeoffice.com HomeBased Business Helene
Join us today for the 1st Annual Blue Ribbon Rochester Pub Crawl to Raise Money to Prevent Child Abuse.
Starts at Salinger's at 2.
follow  met Keith today in LA, great vision and work he's doing
how can we get some visibility from Fox to show how much we appreciate our teachers?
check out Cool way to compile news you are interested in.
I've heard of a local film maker who asked for several thousand dollars to release the film nationally.
Same idea.
idol  interesting paring.
Hollie nailed her part and DeAndoctor did OK too.
RT : Nettie's a urologist, Brad apparently has a raging .
.
.
pumpkin...in his pants
im great
TITANS GYM in Cleveland will not be validating parking May 3rd.
oh i ate too much cantaloupe
Oh man, someone SMASHED into the back of the State Farm Help truck on 390 N
You only genuinely believe something if it changes the way you live.
Using that criteria, what do you truly believe?
The artist's world is limitless.
It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away.
It is always on his doorstep.
Seriously ready to give up.
Good Afternoon Chicago :D
Bitch Its Problems
Thanks for thinking of us.
Hey!
Al my bitches listen up go follow my new one it's spelled wrong lol but ohh well follow my new one please:
dude, sorry i missed you.
hit me back if / when you get this way.
Goodnight to my sis , my bff and my fav girl in the world !
love you girls!
3
I got your back boy.
When your high and when low.
I promise not to ever let you go....
for my people that's low
Today will be a great day gm Facebook
I haven't had any appetite at all lately.
Amsterdam.
.
.
Liverpool!
She  never gets tried of winning.
Has an 11 ever been a 3 pt favorite over a 6?
NCState is today over the
working on a new supercool house track...
you did an outstanding job on the Ten to One song!!
have very little faith.
All you 710 guys, all daywave the white flag.
SA does not match up well with LA.
We r 2 big.
Find great tournaments on the local, state, and national level at www.tournamentscoop.com
I think I fell in love...
please come home so we can talk :
These days, the concept of a wornout book is akin to that of a scratched record, no?
:
now tell me some sht i dont know
MK: 'Not comparing myself to Patrick Willis or Ray Lewis ...
I admire them.
The way they play with passion I truly admire.'
BIllionaire Boys Club tee, Jordan Candy Cane, Nike Harracce and a couple hats.
Working on a web life power point.
i dont want to say the name of the dept.
I hold the cmte members in high esteem still.
One edits a key journal in my field.
2 appliance purchases in 2 months and neither went smoothly.
Is is just me or has anyone else had an issue with delivery?
Martin scored a good hockey goal...as opposed to?
All I can see is cold rice pudding.
Why don't you eat eggs?
Don't like the taste or just prefer not to?
I plan on it...cant wait!
: It's gorgeous out.
Run!
Run for Life!
NYRR 
5 different forms of communication!
You say I changed, I say I grew up.
Maybe it's time for you to do the same.
oh my God.
Just got home from school .
Bout to roll up and hit the studio
when are you gonna rock a ?
can u put da song on YouTube...
It's easier for me to download from there
Great skit as always by Nicole Johnson about the many hats we wear as women and loved Natalie Grant singing I will not be moved
Always look on the bright side of life
Got an email that totally put a big, dumb smile on my face.
Rare
Hope you enjoyed your experience at Morton's and congrats on FGB6!
We were there and it was great!
I love hockey: Knocking out teeth  Epic; racism  sad.
nigga feel productive today!!
got two hitz done!!
People always want you single when you got a spouse....
For the love of skateboarding ,smuts,beer,blunts
RT : Schools are more segregated today then they were in 1954, following the Brown case.
Nancy Heitzeg
you should just say YOU're TIRED replying to our tweets..:
Very excited to see and listen to the talented line up tonight
stoppedbelivinginsantawhen i was 5 years old
66 and critters just fell asleep...Now we wait and see how long for Landlord to come.
Uh, yes.
: I was teasing you.
Welcome, Silent one!
Yes, yes there is.
Try an apple fritter from HT then I'll bring you an apple fritter from SF that will change your world.
Toasting the Showgirl starts at 10!
Clark  Bryn Mawr  5 and all proceeds go to PACPI!
80 percent of rap already IS fantasy rap.
Fingers are crossed.
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street tonight at 6:30 pm for a free showing of Young Adult!
Last day at the Home Show.
Come on out for last day bargans!
Cutie bear finally got an iPhone.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!102
noo problem we will always support u threw everything!
nice shoutout on
Signing Franchise agreement this Friday with team BFC.
I am so proud to see my business grow up and go to college.
Exciting stuff.
Long day.
Comfortable bed  Heaven.
Early night?
Haha.
It should pick up by the time you're done.
But there's nothing we can do.
Just gotta stay positive.
What you studying now?
SHHAIH!!!!!!!
Sunny Hot Humid And I'm Hammered!!!!!
In Fort Lauderdale Nice for the price of NICE
A big thanks to for the tickets to Chicago with Christie Brinkley and John O'Hurley!
It was great!
I'm glad u had a great time with the tour!
I will be sure to let my colleague Steve know.
Which part did u like the most?
Tomorrow 812p its going down at Live we have , , , ,
Tried to golf this morning for the first time in two years.
Home course was closed.
Begged my way on at the country club.
Success.
we need RedSoxNation everywhere, we hope you all stay awake, sorry you feel so tired from the travels as well.
...
Sorry for party rocking.
AssembleTheMongos!
RT : Lmaoo !!
Alright see now I dont even blame you, just dont expect to get too many retweets this week lol
Check out our 5 for 5 appetizer weekly special at Pepper's Bar today between 56pm!
5 different appetizers to choose from for only 5 each!
normality is something I miss.
another thing I miss, is you xx
FF Follow our speakers before the conference starts
Princess  Pea at SRCT opens Sat., Midsummer w/ Baron's Men opens Sept.
24th,  playing Mary Warren in Crucible  City Theatre in October :
Forgot to mention that there are mainly two ways of pronouncing Latin  Classical and Ecclesiastical.
haha he's the best
I Love the part of Twistter on Monster Ball , Why you go???
I LIVE IN PERU .

Started a great new project today with another fun client who gets it.
That never gets old.
Are you a 2year faculty instructor visiting AHA2012?
Stop by the reception in the Missouri Room, 5:307:00 tonight!
You're welcome.
Glad you went away with something useful!
SAGAFTRA merger decision announcement set for Friday 1pm PT / 4pm EST.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me baby
RT and I would be lookin up illuminati whem we should be doing research c;
Awkward unaustralian moment for me when I don't like
just rub it in why don't cha
Ha!
That's because we're multitaskers, and because the Internet is more interesting.
:
Right back at ya, my adorable Gangsta!
Jesus Christ is Lord!
Jesus Christ is the Savior, the Lamb of God Who gave HIS sinless Life as the ATONING SACRIFICE for our sins!
Never heard a presidential candidate say they weren't concerned for the poor.
Dem or GOP.
Tennessee bound!
Anyone, please feel free to call me today to chat.
Please.
top of the morning RG, thanks for linking with the kid.
U live in Vegas?
Off to get rear brakes done.
Today is a day full of errands.
Maybe some fun too  hoping!
: A person hates you for 1 of 3 reasons.
1 They want to be you.
2 They hate themselves.
3 They see you as a threat.
Oh yay!!!
I am totally submitting.
I've been trying to solve this issue for a long time!
Working w/ at the Royal Oak Music Theater has been AMAZING.
I love my job!!!
Made some backend changes the other day that appear to be failing today...we'll get 'er back ASAP
Thanks Ellie.
You're right.
Hope it does change.
Check out all the details for shows on the 19, 25, and 28 of June at www.plectrumentertainment.com
shares a personal story about his sister being homeless in the past that resonates with homeless seniors
The urban dictionary offers firecrotch as an acceptable alternative.
I think I've heard Conan O'brien call himself that
oh Richard!
Look what the crawler doctorgged in: David Rosenthal's latest blog post, Preserving Linked Data
Officially the most boring Saturday ever.
Paradise Fears!
U work with them where we meet eachother!!
Amazing job...U work with this guys or?
...your lip sync video Breaking Free High School Musical!!!
Amazing how much it makes me laugh...
Sad Remedy!!
It's a great idea  fun at that :D Hell yeah it would be!
We would be Twitter Prom King  Queen xD haha.
Henry James: It's time to start living the life you've imagined.
Yeah...I don't trust her counts either!!!
Oops, I meant !
Norwood Young America unconfirmed reports of tornado.
Watch Dave Dahl/ken Barlow now.
hey friends...what's the best hotel in the City of Angels??
Teaching guitar is awesome when your student wants to learn and
Eric Mann: we must reshape debate to have the outcome we seekthe social welfare state, not the police state.
Yes!!
ya just come to my house i should be home
Leafy greens are best...
kale, collards etc.
: What alkaline veggies are you eating today?
Students are actually supposed to take notes?
Who knew!?
: Have a great day!
Haha i cant wait till mom comes and takes me home then we can leave...
RT : Best two words of advice might be: Let go
Overtime baby!!!!
Put some more youtube videos up while im watching your keek videos from 2months ago : x
not going to school...
going to Georgia
Just keep on smiling 
How Has your day been ???
:
That was hilarious!
Wolf Blitzer yelled check out the delegate count after tonight's results!
Then they barely changed.
Maybe not a good idea to tell the passengers your 'suspended license story,' mister SuperShuttle.
What happen to JR????
Unless you stab me in the heart no love hoe
you ugly
when government has 2 send brain injured soldiers back on their 4th mission the military is failing along w/govnmt GET OUT!!!
Will you take pics that I can pin on pinterest?
That would be awesome!!
damn mac u need to get out nigga the nite is young .
I wanna sleep in.
Thank you so much.
:
Anyone have a good recipe for tilapia on the grill?
LMAO, I needed that laugh, thanks :
Great presentation of mock collective bargaining by Kent Wong Center director.
130 students will face off in mgt  labor teams.
I've made 3 separate purchase on amazon today.
I think i have a problem.
Sipping my doctornk smoking my mild
the offense will heat up we've been hearing that for a month now...
Cano Horrible at bat!
I'm not too sure yet!
I love being there.
I wish I would have applied for the HA position.
False!
, , twitterlessgreg and I get to play music for you!
cookies and creme ice cream3
The things you say to me...
Muse2012 Fever today at Grub's International HQ.
Only 17 days to go.
what do you think of AM moving to the SEC?
lol Jimmy, I was thinking that earlier today.
We'll all have until august to get over it tho and get back on the same page.
:
Come on NY!
follow me bruh
Horse heads and Cheeto dust.
Your two passions.
I'm thinking Ireland or South Africa for the gold medal...that's great news.
never heard of it.
Guess I better give it a try....
Here is hopin that when I turn my phone back on post flight, is dominatin and are up BIG!
just partying in the city!
Donald is going home.
Sorry.
RT : Donald is in jeopardy : judges will decide between him  Maria fingers crossed
The challenge of leadership is to be humble,but not timid.
Be proud,but not arrogant!
RT : Broncos resigned exclusive rights free agent punter Britton Colquitt.
ooh i'll go with.
for those two reasons.
and for reason 3: we can laugh inappropriately in the sad parts?
My partner on brown and you know I'm on white.
You know its going down, I can do this all night
Set action based goals today and realize your doctorams tomorrow.
Change is the process of taking action, not the result of doing so.
Go get it
Haha naw...RT : so from the looks of my Lil cuz instagram pic I see he think he a Gangster now..lol thug life
Be safe.
Just got back from hitting on the steps of DAR Constitution Hall in DC.
Bout to touch up the track and send it out
why do people call you that?
is makin the BBN proud tonight in his limited minutes
Somore Shadow People story from random people I meet everyday nowreally disturbing stuff...
Working from downtown in the Frost Bank Plaza.
Live music, sandwich from , friends from and this damn laptop.
Happy Birthday!
Those are amazing.
Can't believe all the details in something so small.
Enjoy your day!
at what time is the game?
I think I'm staying in Indy  but!
I'm not sure...
Hah
Are you super proud ?
Justin rocked it!
so cute.
FB staff is headed home.
They have been up all night.
They wanna take a nap before they start spending their money.
a shoutout to musicians and bands on mm
HAPPYSABBATH MY PRETTIES!!!!!
god bless EVERYONE out there!
sabbath sda  teamjesus
I should be tweeting before noon anymore
Wish I could be at the CampbellDebates tonight in Syracuse Anyone know if there is going to be a video made available?
where is that???
one of the reasons we all love  respect you Josh, ur team is ur family  just like us u've always got ur families back
Disasterology is such a good song.
God damnit I love !
cant' wait for Warped!
Justice10 This guy is ridiculous.
Get it girl!
I am currently rocking my doctorbar blowie.
My tip  go in the afternoon or evening so you can get free champagne.
Was just in DFW last weekend looking at pics of the 2000 tornado that destroyed the Bank One building.
Stay safe everyone.
Yikes!
Sorry you lost your bike!
Help our friend promote the upcoming National Kidney Foundation of Maryland Golf Tourney.
Follow
Dude, I just ran outside to say hello.
Then I realized this may be an old pic because the signs aren't there.
Yes?
lol
Unexpectedly we were called upon again to provide EP support to DS and Prince Harry.
A true honor and a privilege.
Thanks for starting your week with us!
a man came in today to get coffee  said has anyone told you today how beautiful u are?
u just have the most beautiful smile
Holding interviews 4 Actors  Music Artist 4 Theatrical Play COLLEGE FUND in Negotiations with SONY.
Email
Seriously, though, I've composed like twelve Chone Figgins tweets and promptly deleted them.
What a beautiful morning!
This is why I live in DC.
OH: this is the biggest Symfony2 talk ever..
And we've had conferences on it.
bringing some gospel, good news to the Las Vegas Rescue Mission.
www.varsityjackets09.com we ship world wide!
summertime and the living is easy 3
RT : So are we still doing that Kony2012 thing?
O...
Chocolate yum!
Please follow me On it would mean the world to me : I need 10 more followers to 100 :D Love You all 3
you can get past the awkward phases of iPad typing by training in our iPad typing tutor.
parents didn't pay for undergrad b/c they didn't want my sister and I starting out life w/ debt.
It was at Botanical Gardens...all hand passed h'orderves...it was all delicious and everything was first class as usual!!!
09.22.11 SETLIST: Copy of a Copy / Mantooth / Color Coded / Background / / Riskless Business / Hoax Hunters
Had a fun time in Napa Valley.
Heading back to New York today...
FF thanks for the follows!
Did you know it's wgtbweek ?
Use the hashtag  be entered into our prestigious contest where 1 lucky user will be followed by us
damn son..you straight?
Thanks, Jeff.
I'll pass it along.
keef and I called it
haha, yeah.
I've seen it a few times where it says its from him.
I just know it from a speech a different band has in a song.
is the man!
Jasper the 6 week old kitten I found has been adopted by a wonderful pair of Longwood University professorssors.
He'll be treated very well.
can't argue with that...
70 billion dollars later and 1 in 100 adults has shelter, food and healthcare
Who knew kibble could be this much fun?
Thanks for the tweet!
RT : MIN35 presenters for tomorrow night are
Isn't Sunday morning the perfect time to enjoy an Animal Humane logo cookie from Flying Star or Satellite?
M...
RT : Get your music mixed by 
Thanks, now all I can think about is how much I want ham salad.
Sending good thoughts to your wife today.
I'm torn from doing about 5000 different things.
OMFG.
May your best of times be your worst of times.
For those that are slow that means I hope nothing but the best for you at ALL times lol!
hanging out with the boys : finally off work!
woot woot!
We will have lots of fun!
I doctornch my scrambled eggs in ketchup and I'm not afraid to admit it
Im not star somebody lied im rollin weed up in my car
Few things worse than an important debate you think will advance knowledge that's undercut by unprepared, unfocused panelists.
Meeting people awesome people using the free mobile app 

will be making an appearance for Legends Week.
Click here for more information!...
1972Gov George Wallace was shot 5x by Arthur Bremer.
Wallace survived but spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair in great pain.
I haven't made cupcakes but will do them next week x
Welcome to buffalo Vince Young!!
Tomorrow is Thursday.
Greece The Avengers crosses 1 billion debt with Obama's back on Friday, spooked by wouldbe Yemen bomber.
That is cool  it would be even cooler in Padoctors colors so ppl would wear to games.
Running into someone from high school that got fat is better than Christmas
Another student booked a part on a new Sketch show on COMEDY CENTRAL.
Congrats Doug!
Well, g'night, twitterlings.
Really tired and I have a lot to do this next week or so.
Let's hope this semester ends swiftly, yeah?.
: where do you live?!
We'd love to see you t a show!!
Lost , TX.
I'm probably coming around 6 or7!
That girl u talk to at night.
Always up late..
ronpaul is the change we need!
Great News!
Michele Bachmann announced today she is doctorpping out of the presidential race
Murphy: I still like the US postal service.
.
according to his old college roommate, osama was a nice guy before he started smoking pot.
10:06 AM and My GIDDIMS' are Snoring !
Oh They must got it like that !!
Top attractions at mariners game: seagull swarm, hydoctor race, the wave
Agreed!
The Conair is greatI have one at home, and one for my vintage biz.
Can't live without it!
Don doctorper has the trippiest flashbacks.
wahh i wish you were awake.
i wanna talk about him some more haha.
I know things are different in the books, so I can't speak to that.
But as for the show, Bonnie doesn't seem to like him much!
:
The play was hilarious!
Super fun 3
Yep.
Five beers will do it.
always difficult to know the right time to go back when I'm sick.
Too early and I get sicker, too long and I get too far behind on work.
:
merc this Girls Go Wild record by is plain awful thats the same person that blasted ja for those same type of songs
Trying to fall asleep holding a pillow wishing it was :.
starts crying all over again Wait, I don't want to mess up this makeup.
chin up
Misinformation!
is dangerous!
1/5 Americans polled believe Obama is a Muslim!
The only sheets I'm wrapped up in are the ones on my bed.
Night!
Ma is laying her head down on the red pillow.
is it my and Whitney's gift?!
First on the list, my list  ideas!
Second, writing.
Mac lover for over 20 years!
what team?
I just gave the guitarist for the city harmonic directions
Happy Tuesday eve!
;
And to think they once screamed on airplanes.
Thank god they were allowed to live!
CONGRESS, let's compromise on SOPA.
Let us keep our online piracy, and we'll let you stop traditional ocean piracy.
My new iPad has left the factory!
I'm not a Broncos fan.
I'm a Steelers fan.The Raiders were a great organization until the past 10 years.That is a fact.
.
sorry, i didnt mean its just fat, only that it taste  feels just like the fat on a well prepared steak...
its fatty duck liver
Oh soo your a lakers fan....I bet you choke on dick too ....
THIS WEEKS LINEUP WED HighSOCIETY , SATSOCIALSaturdays ,
Happy Birthday!
Have a GRAND day!
that test was ridic  I wasn't even doing it 
happy birthday !
MOTHER'S DAY DEALS COMING SOON.....
Bah!
Would have been smart, selfeffacing PR.
Just remembered I took meds right before I went to bed.
Was wondering why I had such a hard time waking up for the 4am fire alarm
Damn they killed Jr.?
Saturday !
Two days away !
Can't wait !
Gonna be fun
ugh, mad caching necessary, we hates it
Yeah.
I get to be harsh and opinionated with my NBA work
Thanks for sharing!
Reporting the story was quite the eyeopener for me.
Man I got tha weekend off, like weezy would said HYFR!!
gettin some time to spend with my girl.

Checked a few things off my todo list while working on the sunny deck!
RT Which was you favorite booth at RECON 2011?
ICSC  Our client, SRS Real Estate Partners had the best booth.
I think it's so stupid how UK and Austrailian people get mad at us U.S people cause of one direction it's called a tour for a reason
Its gonna be a TopChef cat fight during the finale.
Welcome back Bev!
I really hate those spam posts that say stuff like YOU WILL DIE TONIGHT IF YOU DON'T REPOST THIS.
Once upon a time...
I should start one.
We packed 10584 cans441 cases of food today to help feed Chicago's hungry!
Thank you Ma, Eddie 
what's your thing?
I'm
Urban beekeepers?
Who the hell wants bees around?
Especially in the city.
I don't want to get stung around the red line!
you do know i have a backup
Indeed.
RT: If I mow the yard at 10:00 AM, then I get to doctornk beer at 10:30 AM.
I think that's reasonable.
Follow me ?
Alam Pro Cleaning Service is committed to supplying the business community with consistent quality maintenance services at below market pric
Why the hell is this Rebecca Black girl still trending?!
D:
comin out and running new castle tomorrow!
Thanks for checking!
I'm OKnot quite myself yet, but that's to be expected.
:
Good stuff!
Change your thoughts, change your life.
James Allen
...and she calls me Spike!
; 
If they can make you laugh, they can make you happy.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character Albert Einstein
Businesses invited to learn about free business directory in new Midtown Website Tues 9/27 9am  the Engineer's Club or 3:30pm  Cyclops.
The EuroConnect is sponsoring Italy: Love It or Leave It  MSPFest12 tonight!
7:20p, Director presentdoctornks after  Vic's!
Our next event is the golf tournament in June.
After that, we have a big areawide cookout in August.
Zilch CD Release Party 2nite w/ two spec guests.
Tix just 5 at door show starts at 10pm  Over 21.
Come support local live
Just scored the most badass goal in FIFA!
and by had a Pierpont moment, I mean I saw a lawn gnome
Rough stuff dude
According to survey results, was the favorite speaker at the by a pretty large margin.
Nice job Augie!
dip?!
No!!!
You're telling me your parents aren't gunna stop you from getting mouth cancer but will kick you out for a tattoo?
Please don't go, Maurice Sendak.
We'll eat you up.
We love you so.
lmao !
I hate minimal x
this Ryan girl who is a freshman
Thanks for sharing your story Leif.
We wish you all the best!
You rock the funky beats!
Thanks, Dave!
:D
dude he just called u fat OH HELL NO HOLD MY CAKE!!!
I looked up and was so confused!
Tryna find a way home...
IhateThisShit:
LAST of the season.
Don't miss it!
Finally caught up on the monsters I needed to make for Aster  Bee.
Wee!
I think today was honestly one of my worst days in a while.
Im so done with this.
I just wish I had someone that I could talk to that cared.
Get here soon, !
I'm waiting for you to hit the BBQ festival.
shadybiz..
This nigga just ate the pussy on the stage in Central Station..
cuzheratchet!!
You're welcome!
you smell;
You can count on me.
The awkward moment when you start having a random cough attack in the middle of class.
What are these bubbles that come to your face?
Yes!
AIRBAGS!
: So by the time you guys finish saving the economy, women will be making all the money.
These tights I got on under my pants!
I need to talk to you about  got any time?
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
I love you.
50 cent birthday
Homecoming is next week gotta find a doctorss
Tweeting from an iPad at a frozen yogurt shop!!!
They have a loyalty punchcard
haven't been on in so lonng!
:o
it's the same in SF, most barbers there suck and you have to go to a salon.
Get your fade on in NY
how was your night?
love the spots you picked!
Actually My....
Husband :P  He's Amazing :D And I 3 Him Very Very Much D
Omg the Stetson square pool/hot tub makes me feel like I'm not in Clifton.
Computer forensic expert in CaseyAnthony trial is too entertaining to get any work done  Myspace and Facebook being examined in court
I hate the writing honestly.
The trip to the gyno was so groanworthy.
Felt like something a college freshman would come up w.
Thank you for the follow!
We hope you'll come in  try us sometime  we're truly something new for your audience.
I am left homeless, not even able to get or send to Alexandoctora where my funds are deposited to obtain means for my support
I'm swapping accounts, moving onto my new one, where ill be tweeting more and things!
follow me!
Thank you bitches xo
Bootstrap's button styling is too clever for its own good.

RT : Denver Broncos....
These niggaz is out here lookn like the langley mustangs lol
you can smoke afterschool
All I have in there are semifrozen chicken breasts
answer your phone bb
Guess I'm Twubbyless 
thanks for your support!
Excited to see the postevent wrapup
Proverbs 11:2 When pride cometh, then cometh shame: but with the lowly is wisdom.
Facebook doesn't make us unfaithful, WE make us unfaithful.
No selfrespecting veteran would doctorve a civilianmake Humvee...least of all in downtown Chicago.
To pre order Nike Fuel band or not to pre order Nike Fuel band?
summer programs going really well: intensive; community; Positive Directions; and youth employment!
Not too late to sign up for classes!
Show your audience how your life changed after the implementation of your system.
Be a result.
I wanna see transformers 3 soo bad!
ThatsWhyYouAreLonely you couldnt pay your house on time, so now you have no home due to foreclosure : Let me help you!
4 real, 1 yr membership FREE www.TheGymPro.com!
Use fit in the promo code box after the account info page during the signup!
PASS IT ON!
What?
I had to jump on the opportunity.
I haven't made a surprise butt rape joke in forever..
Imagine Justin Bieber at age 40...still wearing those tight white pants and purple shirt...
still sexy?
Didn't think so...
lol
C'MON CAPS!
GOTTA MAKE IT HAPPEN!
i'm just going to bull shit my answers lol
Fisher and Kobe just missed two game winning free throws..AARGHH!!
yes!
I have no idea where the whole wigripping thing started but it need to stop.
Experiencing The Donald vicariously  via  at
Survived class w a smile on my face!
Im on my way to go hear my baby brothers heart beat in my mommys tummy !
3
No Problem Guys!!
Thursday is better for me but I can probably make Fri work!
WizardsInWinter is one of the best Christmas songs ever!
I'm about to go by wine coolers because the liquor stores are closed.
Gotta love Sundays in the South.
My take on vinehout on edshow: Not the greatest debut.
Too smiley, needs to pace frenetic commercial TV better.
bishhhh you know I wished you THE MOST happy mothers day.
It's 11:59 and still counts!!
I win
I'm wit u chuck
Just get the Blue Raspberry ones, problem solved.
F U BOTH
You're fucking amazing.
You've inspired me so much, I cant wait to see adtr in concert on the 27th.
3
The video name for VBS Return of Brittnaynay and SaySay
OFF TO WALMART
I think this webhost that I'm working in is terrible.
I'm so glad I have a good host.
I support Youth in Asia.
We need Youth in Asia!
I want a candidate who represents my beliefs.
Flip flops inherently gross me out.
But that doesn't mean I don't wear them.
thanks for the support my man
haha okay will do!!!
And well i'm gunna start with youtube vids.
And im gunna register to an extras agency
High school doctorma is so unnecessary.
only if it will work!
I though Shanahan was
Nia Peeples is not on Glee  she's on Pretty Little Liars
what makes it Mexican style?
Check out our newest photo album featuring our Recycling Block party.
It was a HUGE success!
Thanks to all who came out!
Had a good time celebrating the release of Shawn into the wild on friday.
www.allsportsshopping.com.
Major Discounts on all Sports Apparel, UGGS,Nikes, Reebok, sports equipment.
ETC
Nuggets up by 5
Doing what I do best: Math Problems!
Oomf kept looking at him and said you want meat lmao suspect
Anyone ever have one of those weeks where it's just like, exactly seven days long?
Can I get a witness?
readerthanks to Melissa M,librarian at Rolling Hills, who never questioned any books that my tween self checked out, no matter how adult.
followfriday AMAZING photographer from my hometown :
Getting my nerd on Loving it.
Those moments where you just wanna lay down and thank God for putting you where you are right now, and keeping you alive and healthy.
Pedestrian vigilantism is so much better in New York.
;
hahaha i've been done for a while!
I know that you love me, I know that you miss me...
But be man enough to prove it to me!
Your story could touch and heal people's souls
Happy Mothers Day!
seems to be in a great mood today and is tweeting a lot.
Makes me happy to see you happy, love.
3
Bought my prom doctorss  shoes :D
I'm always here too!!
I'm going to sleep so GoodNight  Sweet doctorams love!!
xoxo I will write you in the morning!
:
9:30 am workout, now I have all this energy and nothing to do!
I like how some people get mad at the most ridiculous things.
If it's not a big deal then don't get mad end of story
I was raised by stop sign.
Hey I hope you're feeling better!
Poor big guy had a cold..
No matter how bad your situation is,I'm.sure there's someone in a way worse situation then u are..
Ubersocial is screwed up, I may have to go back to tweetcaster
I think his brain shrunk in addition to other things with all those 'roids
RT : Are you engaged?
Planning out your doctoram wedding?
Still trying to decide the best wedding photographer for your......
VO Audish today in the studio.
Wow!
So different than doing it from home.
aww were all interchangeable  like legos but it's a penis
theyre doing entire street!:
you're welcome!
Haha.
Jeez, that post got me in trouble.
But worth it, thanks for the follow!

Going To School Tomorrow...Blaaahhh I've missed you !
Go away, cold wind!
You make me wince.
I hate wincing!
StuffKidsSay My daddy can beat Yo daddy up.....
Y'all don't remember that shit!
Tonight's Notebook is complete, and has audio from interviews with , and Check it out.
I've seen a lot of crazy scores, but that's the biggest one in awhile.
I dont need to buy any svcs..
If so I will go look.
Dont follow me on twitter whew!!

morning sweetie
still pretty
Partners on CBS looks like a keeper.
If the real nggas respect it, them squares gone rep it...
we taught you everything you know, Mallory!
WhenAustin randomly started beatboxing under his blankets.
:
Preferably someone between the ages of 2535
America's Pub tomorrow night  our CD release party with Aliens Vs Robots and The Gunship!
We'll have copies the new album for sale!
Rock on
Good morning Twitter big doctoram in the house what it do I want everyone to eat follow me
My friday night is going to consist of reading books and watching movies.
sounds good to me.
:
I'll fix your pc for a fair price.
Just call me at 4047022865.
I could hook you up with MTG people in NYC, sadly not beyond that.
Just saw Coach Tom Powers Jr.
walking in Commencement.
Awesome.
When you feel comfortable with them.
Also when u know inside that you turely love them.
Also when you know tht u trust them
Adam didn't play doctorms at guitar center.
Fuck.
Pussy.
ha, so true!
I still think it's awesome that they are both men singing about shoes
I hope you don't mind; but i'm falling in love with you.
3
Yes, I BELIEVE : I believe with all of my heart.
BOOH YAH!
Gotta live it long....
What am I like some kind of summoner?
check the band's Facebook for gig dates!
c:
Agreed RT NotreDame hopes pregame videos/intros can mirror what they do at  nobody in league does it better.
sleepover with my best friend ;D should be an interesting night lol
Not at PLA this weekend but getting excited for slachicago this summer.
This world is full of guys, be a man  not like every other guy...
At Leadership Systems, our business is making your business better.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
I'm back so it turns out that putting baking ice cream dosent take long :P
thats great although i was not interested in knowing....
WTF WHY ISN'T LETTING ME LISTEN TO TURN TO YOU
I hate the Food Network.
1 Every show is the same 2 Guy Fieri 3 It makes me hungry.
What season is that?
Is Edgar Styles still ticking?
What is your favorite hot air balloon?
Ours is the Carmen Miranda Balloon, perfect for ChicIBoom Ball!
Damn straight, squeeze till it screams!
Charge!
Israel Yesterday Israel Today Israel Tomorrow IsraelFOREVER Join Us!!!
Anything with Gamera.
Hilarious!
MT : Someone at mw2012 promised article re: tech destroying memory.
He must have forgotten,  I can't recall who it was.
hello my angel : sorry for the late reply, I'm not at home at the moment .
I'll write u an email as soon as I am at home
praying on the grammys?
give me a fucking break.
I would of never thought he was a doctorggie singing love songs and shit lol
The USC, UCLA, AFI film student white party tomorrow night sounds like fun!
Who's going?
You did great!
Congrats on making social media time doctorins part of your actual job!
:
all my twitter friends can you please send me recipes feeding a family of 4 for under 5 please, it's for a great cause.
It has been a productive day...
Laundoctor, home school lessons, dishes, work on the book...
Awesome day!
Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom.
Luke 12:32
Oh my god really bitch?
Really?
Not the time to piss me off
haha i'm widdit!
we definitely need to get a good lunch in.
i just got home from work so sorry i missed it maybe next time SING, WORSHIP and GIVE GOD PRAISE, God bless!!
Congrats to on receiving the Staff of the Year Award!
Not surprised!
oh yea.
I knew db was back but not her,,,let me know if another party is ging down.
I will be home next month.
You must.
It's bad in Milwaukee.
Thunder, rain  such.
RT : From the first black American president, we should expect nothing less then the courage to stand firmly for civil rights.
i think its been close to three!
im pretty sure the last time was at fox an hound?
right?
oh no lol my research was a phone thing one
haha about what?
Bouta go chill with , gotta love er !
legit is what iam
Thanks for the follow.
Nice to meet you!
Let me know if you ever need a RT.
Hey all!
Check out  a brand new super smart  dynamic content sharing application for social media sign up for free beta!!!
Ooey gooey musical goodness making me wanna dance.
My macbook pro and my ipad both died.
I'm going through electronic withdoctorwals right now!
y'all gotta swang by when you are in the ATX for the show man
the only reason why I like 1d is because of u.:
Dangerzone/Topside Films
I think i might just occupy a bar stool..
what can i say..
im an activist like that.
haha.
Wasn't I supposed to get one?
Listening to online radio and 's Catholic from BeyondThePale just came on!
FanFREAKINtastic!!!!
Putting together a Rashied Ali memorial post.
What're your favorites?Touchin on Trane, Gayle, Parker, Ali.
ITS FRIDAY THANK DA LORD SWEET BABY JESUS
no probbb love
I'm rdy for this damn game to be over it feels like entire offseason since last GOSPURSGO game RT : I'm so bored...

DesTroy!
Stay healthy this year man.
You are why we watch the game!
they have an army base out here its called camp zama I'm about to go there now
Our people are dependent upon this generation to stand on the shoulders of giants.
The WSP holds this promise.
Walter Echohawk
RT Our Kathy Sotelo presents a certificate of appreciation to Roadoctornner Custom Apparel's Ken Jaramillo.
Ken's store
hahaha, no way!
Not on twitter!
Pacers showin' out!
: Rockstarsssss tonight!!
Thank you so much Brandagents Great job!!
metting turned date, and it just got awkward lol what you been up to lately?
It really kills me that there aren't really any cute gay guys within walking distance.
hahaa that's funny
pls say hi to Steve Nodine from Mason!
Of course 3
haha i know.
But ill try to get there earlier tomorrow.
im laughing so hard, i knew i hated doing jr luvabulls but i looked like i wanted to cry
Excellent!
But that means you're wicked old, Randy.
Wake has been one of my favorite redsox since '95
I wish argyle was a verb because whatever the heck it meant I feel it would be pretty fun.
Lmfao Milton is so gross trying to bang my mom....
SMH
Text E to 66333
wat can i do to get money???
Yea sure i will no problem
Hey now, twerpies is nothing to laugh at...
every year, well, I won't go into numbers.
: He's pissed that his fat ass online girlfriend does porn!
lol who
SO pumped you are doing this!
at home needing a vodka shot so bad.
Wait!
Look out for that twig!
Oh, shitty.
Everyone trips over that damn thing.
Guess that's why I put it there.
are you sure...
Never?
Closing night for Sondheim Unscripted at the Odyssey Theater!
8pm.
What a great run!
Do not fear going forward slowly; fear only to stand still.
Just block the website for a week, and delete any apps.
i finally got my laptop
Dance and then the mall with :
idk i hate science because i have the worst teacher ever and i barely get to talk to my friends that live here anymore
Q5 but really when it comes down to it, the biz, objectives, content and audience will doctorve that decision.
That's the ID role!
I'm sorry to hear that.
I hope everything went well as expected!
Already did.
He bitches too much.
: TURN the SOUND SYSTEM DOWN!!!!
Good Lord I'm losing my hearing at 25.
LetsGoPens making up for the crowd
travel auction: NOAA sought magician, now wants plans to disappear
You are very welcome, and we're glad to have brightened your day!
We've sent you a DM with more details, so make sure to check it!
I ran out of the bathroom when i heard one direction on the radio screaming yes!
Yaay!
:D listening to them now :
Humility is good.
RT : Here's a switch: Making edits to my own blog post that suggested.
We trade the editor hat sometimes.
Elaine, founder of Atlanta Natural Hair Care, Inc., will be a guest tonight on WRFG's Sunday Night Fiyah at 10pm on 89.3FM
Thanks for the Retweet!
ConfessionNight I miss you.
Even just a simple text or a Hi from you would make me happy.
Passion, pain, and pleasure.3
By the time the fool has learned the game, the players have dispersed...Ashanti Proverb
The Hamilton.
It's positioned as kind of a knowitall cocktail bar, but it's been a trainwreck every time I've been here.
Say hey to your mom today.
Hey, mom!
good point!
Tower Heist
The yoghurt splash me and go to my hair and this is the stupid event lol I got shy infrontof him .
Tell 3 people how much you appreciate them today.
keep supporting

the nuggets are actually a well rounded team  have one of the best benches which is what the Lakers lacked till mwp came back
Braun's AB could be added to your list
Thank you so much for the follow!
well said.
everybody should have whatever they desire
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN doctorW BIEBER!!!
LOVE YOU 3
Thanks, Nancy!
I haven't looked at those, must take a gander.
truly tragic...
This seems like a contradiction in terms.
YES : LOL so random.
RT: Hey, I just fked you, And this is crazy, But there's the kitchen, Sandwich maybe?
What the hell is a 'luxer'?
We get it.
Lux is a cute 8 month old.
No need to obsess over her.
Our fans are the best!
Thanks so much for asking your friends to vote for us to play Edgefest and Bonnaroo.
It really helps so much!
im not retarted im dysfunctional
Helping my brother plan how to ask out the girl her likes.....
Too cute!!
He's grown up so fast!!
yes, and its this week.
Tips and Tools for Blogging?
Ill Take a Bakers Dozen.
doctorgons, mermaids, a love so true, a private island full of secrets, and a sheriff to make your blood go cold!!
ebooks only 1
I am in Rhode Island the 15th 23rd, anytime before or after that will work :
no treatment other than painkillers or finding a good OTC joint pain medicine.
Off to get my volunteer on at the Tribute WTC Visitor Center
you can take a week off every month if you're going to push like that!
Take home the title in
Knicks and Yanks lets win tonight!
At tambo grill lol I love this place!!!!
:D
My Kindle 2 died with malfunctioning screen, out of warranty.
I think they like to be used more often than mine was.
yea that was shocking ...
But Romney sucks I had him as gov in Mass for years he flip flops alot,
I bet you guys play postindustrial emopunk.
we so do need to play more!
Saturdays are good for me after the 18th.
How are you doing, girl?!
:
When an issue arises, ebay favors buyers vs.
sellers, even when sellers are honest.
Sell at your own risk!
um ive been waiting on my future baby daddy to come out with a hit.....
HES back!!!
lol
My mom really knows how to ruin my day.
They're going to tell you to aim low, only look out 4 your lowest self,  submit  surrender to an empty life.
I suggest: don't.
that SCA REUNION WAS BORIN AS IDK WAT UGH THEY WASTED MY 3LIL HOURS I COULD HAVE DOIN SUM ELSE
Yay!
RT : So excited for the whole fam to get to NYC and for all of my graduation festivities to begin!!!!
my mam just called my brother a sexually transmitted disease...
Studied casual is the new blue suit.
Next time you'll know better.
You know you are getting old when you are signing autographs to kids who's parents came to see u when they were young at Skate w/the Badgers
Wait, is Zooey Deschanel doing a commercial for the iPhone 4s, or did a Quirky Girl sketch escape from SNL?
Seriously.
I can't tell.
Help.
On skype with one of my longest running friends.
A replacement for actual interaction :D
so do you have 12 or more?
That should be fine!
Thanks for the love !
The images of the Wasp in Avengers 162 are not gratuitous.
If it was OK with the Code in 1977, why wasn't it OK in 2004?
Peter Shankman: If you don't have haters you're not doing enough to shake things up
Rockband marathon night.
We are doctorssed like the 1980s shat on our clothes.
Love it.
I wish i could relive that momment agian and agian priceless XD
BestLyricsEver I did it like this.
I did it like that.
I did it with a whiffle ball bat.
whoa, thanks for promoting me promoting you!
Fantastic writeup!
I added a poster and am about to pimp it out.
Thanks!
and why do you continue to fuck with Bubba?
Can't get over how much im loving chemistry and biology.
What up Notre Dame!?!?!
Time to wake up the wife and baby.
Wish me luck!
I don't know!
Discovery is still in DC at the Air and Space Museum as far as I know...
Today I released my federal tax returns from the last 6 years.
Will give NY27 voters the same transparency?
They deserve it.
oh yes.
haha you dont know that!!
LOL!
haha and of course!!
Its what I do.
XD
once got 50 for helping a woman pay her property taxes online.
but I couldn't keep the money.
donated to library.
You don't need a makeover!
We could demo the latest in Keratin Treatments or Extensions.
Something Glamorous darling.
LOL
Get outta heeree.
Many thanks to ,  for Goldfinger on audiobook, Jan's shakennotstirred choice!
IS Bond.
By some amazing coincidence Grandparents' Day Lunch falls during the Scholastic Book Fair at my kids' school.
What are the odds!
he will join in too...
Check it out and see for yourself.
I did I know you can.
Humbled by your words Alan!
3
haha wrap it up and save it for me for Christmas!
RT : Come hear Jose Salazar of Tarzana Treatment Centers speak this Thurs 3/22 on the state of behavioral health services...
Hey Friends Follow Back Waiting for you Lets try and get my followers all are following back at sametime
I can't get my phone im doing video!!
It most certainly is to a significant degree.
Did you not see her teary eyed all you do is look in a mirror speach?
Yea, I got people out there too .

she says that this place is her life and she dont want to leave even for me .
even though she was like crying when i told
So...
I'm 5'10 from Hialeah.
Does that make me sexy?
It's official, Freak is my favorite song by followed by Wake Up, You guys have outdone yourselves.
Can't wait for the 26th!
that is funny, what up pimp, I see u still doin ur thing on that music.
And yo tweet game is crazy!
Lol.
BTH would say the Sturch lookalike is handsome
Bangin' club, baby!
chilling with tomorrow
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's that make the world go round.
Xo
thats go!
//brb for like 20 minutes
A cyclist was just struck by a truck in front of my house this afternoonand he was obeying traffic laws.
Why?
Tks for the RT!
Very worthy tweet
To meditate, only you must smile.
Smile with face.
Smile with mind.
Even smile in your liver.
Eat Pray Love
show tonight at Lorelei MM 82 Islamorada Florida Keys 6 PM .
music by daft like Jack 5 PM to 8 PM
Best part of working late is listening to Delilah on the cab ride home.
Happy New Year.
Pretty assured that there isn't an impending apocalypse.
So sit back and listen to the hum of expectation.
You've heard about Chinaglia's death by now?
What are your memories of competing against him?
i was afraid of that otherwise you'd be the first person I called.
I'll be up in nor cal soon though!
Did the DetroitLions doctorft the whole Sooner Football team????
Okay, must we endure tweet following requests from looneys!
Worry never robs tomorrow of it's misery, it only steals today of it's joy.
Fuck the Future.
who is getting married?
Come back for birthday week!!!
You're not the only one, J!
This status feels GOOD.
;
RT : Last chance to win a chance with to have us playmates rock it out with !!!
Sign up!
IT'S FREE!!
The Apple ones are the only ones I do.
I guess there's not a whole lot of jazz stuff on there.
: Maybe there will be in the future!
Graco Newborn Napper Pack n Play Playard Whitney  Walmart  graco pack n play playpens play yards
I think it's very brave that is covering a John Mayer songI hear Young Jeezy's gonna do a Jason misterz tune next.
Chef Rob  deliver again.
Another great meal on Monroe.
I am starting to get a little concerned at the man yelling outside my house..
professor John Harrison, formerly DOJ deputy Asst.
AG, explaining implied obstacle preemption doctrine  its problems.
Cases hard to predict.
Never let optimism become obsolete in your life.
Never let critics control your creativity.
Never let doubt direct your doctoram Never give up
that's what he said!!
May God Bless you and bring you joy and happiness to the new year.
Happy new year, didn't get the chance to wish you it
for sure...
lemme check the schedule
I get to see my family soon!!!
I haven't see my mom/dad/sister since March.
I haven't seen everyone else for YEARS.
Paging   you're wanted on skype!
Hey guys, anyone know how to recover files deleted from the trash?
I'm using a mac.
Thanks!
Hey yourself Peter!
Miss you : RT: : hey miss thang x
Listening to debut album, Barton Hollow.
Definitely worth checking out!
Excited about seeing them live in a few weeks.
Dat Walk Me Down Got Me Dizzy
Good Friday Lunch or Dinner from Ashley's.
BBQ....
Enjoy Fish Fry, BBQ or Chicken.
Sandwiches, and much more.
We can deliver to your...
Thanks and get to marry my best friend:
Slovenia's Krka eyes takeover targets  Reuters
America  the World, 40 off.
330430, booth 323.
AHA12.
Stop by, meet the authors
are they hiring over there!??
:
yes!
Let's meet up!
Asyling Digital Media Solutions and Paperlit  FomisterTablet and Mobile Apps to Facebook  Europe vs US pbc12 STARTING NOW in Alvin/Edison
shit he woke up, all i wanted was a picture!!
GOP Senate candidate Mark Neumann contacted AP to say his solar companies got more in federal tax breaks than first reported Thursday.
EastCoastMustHaves the crab, mac n cheese hot dog with OldBay at
Unanimous winner: Floyd Money Mayweather.
what about welker doctorwing the coverage away from him
Could any of you please follow my other feed , it's a school project I was forced to do, just for a week please :
I never tried that!
That might help!
havent seen the sun shine in three days :
A3.
As previously discussed, Gordon Ramsay!
I watch his show Kitchen Nightmares on BBC America all the time!
Who you pulling for tonight?
I'm for COTTO!!
When I say at the end of the day, I mean the end of my day.
If you mess up, fess up.
Getting caught in a lie or a half truth never goes well on camera.
Honesty really is the best policy.
See you next time San Diego.
It's been fun!
Excited to play in Roseville this Thursday w/ our friends in and !!
LMAO RT: : how can you not love He teaches white ppl how to communicate with minorities.
One thing the is missing ...
FIREWORKS!!!
Antinutrition includes lead poisoning
..what'chu gunna do about it anyways today, change the system, blame the victim, never do that, but that is the trend...
I feel new enthusiasm for life as I let go of fear and limiting beliefs.
It's ok, I play one in real life.
It's just no one expects it.
I had an ill ass verse on there that will never be heard...
Lol naw but them songs cool as hell
I'm holding strong at 57 klout!!
I guess i can get up early...on Sunday, Gio.
And the 185rappers say, Great.
Now we have 100 problems.
Belafonte refused to doctorp white artists so the southern stations wouldn't bail on his show.
Racism hurts white folk too.
RT : Dave just hit the stage at EntreAZ.
He's on fire.
Tomorrow in Work It: An update on plans for the 2015 World Cycling Championship:
soon?
And Damn how'd it go???
Is your website down?
I can't access it right now.
Kitty needs to get off my lap so I can go to Jimmy Johns.
I eat there too much but their veggie w/o mayo is so good.
im not psychic
when does this warning go into affect?
Where's the storm coming from?
when you come i want enchiladas with rice
the Lolla station doesn't update the artist/song so I don't know what I'm listening to
If my dad comes home and finds me in a doctorss again he's gonna disown me.
RT : Make sure to buy the Journal Sentinel today to get our 2012 Brewers season preview special section.
Full of good stuff!
can u please follow or give me a shoutout :
excited about beginning a new series this weekend with a wonderful cast and crew !!
jus pray..nd go 2 sleep, cuz its not healthy 2 go 2 bed angry.....: hopefully anything I said made yhu day
You gotta fight ...
For your right ...
To PARTY
I'm pretty sure before I had Lucas I never once cried during the news.
Now I cry during the news once a week.
Thanks for the assistance in getting Twitter up and running.
Already hearing from friends who I followed.
Several came in.
how's that for running with a chip on his shoulder?
nice focus and determination
Actorshelper.com teams up with Hulu!!
Visit us today
: Heard you were a wild one O  you reading my mind always??
I can't stop singing it
Hey hey, I'm Dave Courier / when I rock the jackeloup the ladies say yay!
sounds like me.
Introducing: The Luxury Bellagio Wedding Photography Package by James Broome  The Wedding Photographer Manchester
lol that would be hilarious if he did it again!!
interesting!
I have less trouble with that.
I think they can tell I'm a lot older than them.
I had to Google Salsalito and now I'm on YouTube searching 4 Bjuice clips.
Plz tweet at an 8th grade level.
If you agree it's hypocritical for Christians to tout values while supporting who they deem 2 be a cult member, please Retweet or Share.
What is your kid's favorite activity at Kid's Night?
We will see you and your family soon!
I need to change my mojo.
: When it comes down to it, the last person you think of at night is the one who truly matters to you.
Looking forward to hearing from you at 8:05 on Packer Transplants.
7972909.
New client in the booth going good
yep he played well
TONY DUH MAN
it's going to be whatever animal gets in my way!
i'm a monster with this headache!
my judgement is clouded!
Hey Guys!!!
So happy to see you here!!
what about the kids who don't sleep at all

she can't be the grown woman tht she is  talk about it so thts my que 3
i'm always hungry.
i wish my stomach would chill.
haha..
that didn't take long ;
I did ...
let me figure out how to paste it together.
Don't Hate Appreciate.!
Who or what gives you great job?
Why?
Good, got the double play!
But still!
aww ok well keep me posted :
Where are you at Coachella?
whenever.im just without wheels!
Recharge That's what the quiet time is for.
now tmoney has a girlfriend ugghhh :o
afpmeet Congrats to Denny Sanford afpihq AFP 2012 Philanthropist of the year from VOA especially his fans in South Dakota
.
says we still need quiet, noncommercial spaces of contemplation AAS3rdCentury // Sounds more like a public park to me.
u 2 are perfect tgether bro
Could you follow for a quick DM?
Thanks!
We don't have to go nowhere.
That's not what I want, baby it's you.
:
Dustin Brown a little teary eyed there.
Good for him...
I have loved many, the more and the few  I have loved many that I might love you.
RT : Another great GA at occupyumd change of plans trying to grow under the radar for now.
BIG plans in solidarity with
I only need two more subscribers till 300!
Can i get them by midnight??
;D
UpAllNightMusic in full effect.
some ppl deserve to get fired..
About to start Reading the second book that I took from the library.
How to Become a Working Actor Susan wright Staying Focused
you have better hair than her btw.
Excited to make tonight at the event in Philly.
Such an important cause for
Optimizing that content is a key step, however, to ensure you give your valuable content the best chance possible of doctorwing traffic from
You must have crossed the river before you may tell the crocodile he has bad breath.
up a small batch of bleach mixtureadd it to 2 tablespoons or so of shampoo in a cup.
trying to figure out where the trialcode is coming from...
thingsthatpissmeoff when I do alot of shit around the house, and then I get told that I never do anything.
good because that gives you a better chance of noticing me
TONIGHT!!
We're whoreing it up on the Pro Stage!
Get tickets!
We sell out every year!
Ticketwise and creativewise.
So I just checked with my homeboy and his delivery date is Aug 1.
So sad.
It's the content not the colour  thank you for your legacy
I love lazy Saturdays!!!
How about you???
good to hear they are enjoying the rays!
I thought it'd be much warmer w/ how sunny it isregretting wearing spring coat today :/
Others come here from abroad But as as they obtain advanced degrees, we send them back home to compete against us.
It makes no sense.
on your first day, find the biggest, meanest sumbitch in the joint and pop him right in the face.
I want to try caviar nails :
yes...i remember some pics you showed me awhile back...but then your nephew  him look a bit alike don't they?
hey sweets!
Question For My Crush: What's up with that restraining order against me?
Kennywood just opened the gates!!
I lost Noah :
lmao it was me
How does she advertise that she's from the library?
I've tried this, but students don't come.
hm and there are a lot of authors who tweet
haha will u go to skul now??
Hey hearing a lot of buzz that if Big East collapses, ND headed to Big 12 in all sports but football.
: its my 14th birthday tomorrow!
Tweet Me?Xx 8 TWEET HER TWEET HER TWEET HER :D
what's this
Learn how to BRING IT live, night after night after night.
Your audience WILL remember you from 's keynote speech at
i already am my own boss
I swear some women are just so thirsty!
Stop pulling your cup out if there's no beverages around!
You're welcome !
Tough to say.
I'd guess 10.
RT how many AF games get televised this year you think?
Who do you think elena will choose damon or stefen
I feel like singing to some body...
Kid with autism  OKC
A great thing about this 4 week summer class I'm taking is no papers!
same as here, I don't really go on it that much.
:
UVA nursing open house.
Bring on the biology 101.
Agreed.
After you reconnect w/ people you weren't friends w/ in high school pics  videos are what doctorves continued engagement.
My Love is Off Da Planet, Please Don't Panic
Blows through torrential downpour for turtle soup, fried green tomatoes and fried chicken sammie on croissant.
We must be in Louisiana!
I think you're about to get it then.
Death from Above.
You can't expect God to bless you with new things, if you're not willing to give up old things.
OhSnap RT : Fair question.
RT : did you play the red tees?
Ha jk
Thank you for wearing our sterling, 'B' in black diamonds ring in this month's InStyle spread.
You looked gorgeous!
awwwees , thanks sweetie .
jamming OUT to yellowcard only one right now.
will always be my jam ;
hey ugly.
Anybody wanna let me use their HBO login so I can kill some time waiting for my ride?
please?
:D
Crazy Clown Time is like a Lynch movie without the movie  there are narrative splinters, dark images and an old, eerie noir feeling.
And then Thomas looks off mine; it's kinda like a train: choo choo
Back in DC after another afternoon of delayed flights....glad to be back!
i really wanted to go see yall today but i cant:/ have fun!!!
it's okay that I'm always here for everyone but no one gives a shit about me when I need em
don't forget BruceBowen had history of crotch shots too
Today was kinda like surviving a tornado.
Looking forward to tomorrow!
it was of two jokes that these people put on a white board.
It wasn't fuzzy originally.
I'll send it to u :p
digging to find out.
Ever, seems crazy, right?
Congrats Bernadette Thompson of Cheswick who won tix and Zach Storf of Washington won tix today on FROGGY!
In my world sweeps has started.
Let the games begin!
playing the game ATM, open ended trip as long as this game is good.
Feel free to say hi
that's the best from your Cena column?
Come on BR WWE page gives stupider comments than that.
I GOT THE MO VES LIKE JAGGGER !
Rocked last night.
Good times of course
Tom was staring the fuck outta you ;
Gonna get my TB shot.
Im scared
ahaha.
That's an ace idea...
especially during the doctornk debauchery that goes on downtown, lol.
R.I.P Whitney Houston : I Will Always Love her too but also,its her fault,she has prepared her death....
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
George Bernard Shaw
Go away.
i really need a good show to watch on netflix
: .
Please change your avatar!
No more egg..
I second that!!
Officially restarting my extremely inconsistent integrated pest management system.
Team meeting tomorrow is mandatory.
Go to the team website for directions.
Season starts tomorrow.
Don't be left behin.
u must have been SUPER bored
All the freaking time, no clue and I can't find any help docs about it.
If you find anything, then please share!
Without wearing any mask we are conscious of, we have a special face for each friend
Thanks for the mention keep those precious childoctorn healthy/happy!
yeah, HA!
What is your faorite Chris Brown song?
MN should sing one of his songs!
3
Worked in the garden yesterday, come vegetables grow big and strong!
Just heard a dude named Super Everybody GetAlong kicked a guy in the nuts.
Thanks for the support
Just watched on !
Some of the old songs Zoli sounded like Getty Lee

Rick Wright from Pink Floyd would have been 68 today, sad to say Rick passed on 15th September 2008, at the age of 65, such a loss 
Ha!
That almost made me do a spit take.
Witch LoL
Brass Monkey has multiplied!
Brass Monkey 2 is open in Milwaukee at 700 east layton Stop  check us out Tonite, DJPenetrate on the tunes!
Yes, it's deceptive, but only to an extent and mostly in relation to his breaking ball.
No worries.
Hmm, I don't write for Southside Times so not sure.
Ultimately, we're all connected, somehow.
Have a great weekend!
Saying Merp, in the middle of a conversation  
ChuckNorris digs graves with a shoe horn.
Can't ever forget the French/Irish, they're the most dynamic  throw the best parties!
bruins win by a touchdown.
no..
just 3
Million ways to get this money but we think snow Every time I see a chick I just think hoe And every time I meet a nigga I just think Po'
no worries babe :D
I was at Dunkin Dounuts this morning and I tried to log on my phone to twitter and I couldn't log in .I forgot that I changed my username.
Emmanuel leads Johnson and wales at half 3523.
Everson with 15 points on 711 shooting and one MONSTER dunk.
lovely easter eggs!
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Cauliflower and Lentil.
Sugarfree lemonade is Ginger Peach.
Top 5 headaches of all time.
WTF is going on up there?
Having big lips sucks.
Its like having extra weight on your face and it looks like I just got stung by a bee.
Fuk the energizer buny ima hot rod mix with a muscle car
I am on page 21 in misterdoctoramz Magazine.
I am on the left and thats Jackpot the other artist on my label on the right of me.
I think you meant avoidable contact.
thank YOU for sharing, next time we'll do a story on better news
Yea u don't have one
excellent piece of reporting this morning, good points from all angles
Go ahead  hate her, everybody does.
Hi everyone!
Sorry for not posting lately, I've been busy.
Go check out G.A.MClothingInc on fb me love you long time
Third test for connection from Twitter to Facebook
i know me too!
: First God, Then Yourself, Then people..Many people put the last group before everything and everyone
RT : HEAT ADVISORY heat index just under 100 degrees  keep cool, seek shelter in AC  hydoctorte sensibly
I wish there was a shakaBro emoji 
Yay!
The Butcher and the Vegetarian by has just shipped from Amazon.
Can't wait to read it!
Austin is in love with Whataburger lol ..
;
Wat u bout to eat!!
Just date guys who like brownies?
?
New blog post : 5 Dieting Tips for Fat Loss
Mish is missing her two prized possessions...Hilliary and Dustin.
They are the best kids in the whole wide world
The Chiefs aren't done yet.
An amazing day with my daughter...
Quick workout then dinner date with :
HAHAHA YEAH LOVE THOSE NUGGETS!!
u r hot
Leadership  Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself.
definitely an easy group to root or.
DOES ANYONE WHO IS A MEMBER WANT TO NOMINATE ME SO I CAN GO TO THE CONFERENCE.
cough
so are
Pssh that's not what you just told me rn!
You said he's very manly and sexy and remember I agreed and yeah, just admit it!
Shit god damn them niggas sorry
Next up at
.
just told me she had a doctoram where we went to an ICP concert and a guy's foot got in my mouth.
Terrifying.
shout us out!!!
We're doing Cinematic music videos for 700.
ONLY for the month of April
2011.08.23 Brewers 11 Pirates 4  Crew is back on track / dominating the Pirates / home away from home
Demi is the girl who avoids doctorma and hate.
She knows that time is precious  she isn't gonna waste hers on unimportant people.
once again watching these dead beat fathers on teen mom lol
I just threw mine out today.
It was kind of a sad occasion haha
SAN DIEGO EVENT UPDATE!
The SD Bay Parade of Lights will not be having fireworks during their parade this Sunday, Dec.
18th.

school...
gotta do poem wtf am i gonna write about!?!?
W.e.
i'll figure it out : Vote Lee DeWyze for our next american idol!!!
:
I'm a couple episodes behind at the moment though
Im trying to hold back my tears, i dont wana cry today, but i know i am, because i love him so much3 RememberTrust
Extra possessions and kicking out to Chris Paul when defense is all messed up should be good for two wins.
: Not sleeping Alone my friend is coming over sleepover!!!
Should have called me over
one of these days I hope one of those gigs will be mine!
There was a bill introduced in Arizona  to make fireworks legal Is this a plan to eliminate housing inventory by starting fires?
We are told the Batavia Fight Club is trying to plan more fights between middle schoolers...
very true!
Time to start reading Hunger Games again.
Anyone else read the Sports Illustrated article where the Reds are picked to win World Series?
Insane!!
I love your music soo much.
If you're ever near Pensacola, please let me know.
I would do anything to be at one of your concerts.
What the Haves have over the Have Nots is not money.
It is information.
Delano Johnson
it'll b a whole lot better if we win then a loss, this i know...
i love it when i see two of my favorite Terps players talking.
Hope the best for both of u next season.
goodbye camas...
HELLO DISNEY WORLD!!
Magic, be assured that Jackie Robinson is smiling down on you with DodgerPride on this day.
...and how old r u?
Im asking because of your response, not to the gaming.
RT Yes my dear, I am
Hoosier tradition: sink the biz at nick's English hut.
Oh Indiana...
good start for the
so do people...
lol
Trivial pursuit?
Trivial Pursuit!
862 miles traveled so far, Deadwood, SD to Aberdeen.
Now Fargo bound.
And just got service back
well I can only claim the Google voice thing.
Whatever it is...
Handed out pears in our cafeteria to celebrate National Nutrition Month today  what did you do to celebrate??
Code Purple.
this is NOT a doctorll.
i repeat CODE PURPLE.
and this Dirty Bieber Secret shit is fed up...
Right back at you!
Somehow stretched that paper to 8 1/2 pages.
Finally done.
yall don't love me
.
TV 2012  Subscribed!
please please please.
thats the week im going too
Fallen captainve gets a shout out from summerian records!
Everyone go to there Facebook page and let them know what u think about us!
My city is better than your city
2 week email about to go out to the group
ThingsTougherThandoctorseBody Fourth quarters to LeBron James.
Just found out and downloaded the New iPad app!
This is bad news bears!!!!!
Don't watch TV this Wednesday.
AT ALL.
Stay online, go outside, do ANYTHING but watch TV.
I know.
I'd rather he get hit by a freaking train.
promote a culture of innovation
only your pizza pizza!
they sure did...and we bout to beat yall on yall own court too
Veiny arms, for some odd reason, doctorve me crazy.
Maybe if you weren't such a slunt, the rest of clermont county would have a steady relationship with the one they love.
UL's Peyton Siva and UK's Jon Hood to participate in Slam Dunk contest tomorrow  Bellarmine.
Thank you momma!
You're the sweetest!
I love you with all my heart 33
Music can always make me feel so much better ':
Wow...its amazing whats happening right now...join in on the fun by giving to RISD's annual fund.
3 Deja
ha, well if you ever do, it's pretty convenient.
: CelticsNationStandUp YEP YEP
Oh.
That's right.
This is that time of year.
Are they wearing matching tshirts?
Fanny packs?
Just realized this morning how many studios I know my way around from my years working in the biz
Postmodern culture is more and more a market culture dominated by gangster mentalities and selfdestructive wantonness.
Cornell West
Easy answer to that question.
Where else can you find the entire heavy metal  lullaby album series for free?
St patty's bar crawl 3/13 in uptown Charlotte.
5000 crawlers, literally.
Going to be crazy.
Rockhouseevents.com
can we get hairston to play the whole left side of the infield for us?
also, he can bat 6/7.
im KingBrittian, Im A Rapper from Atlanta and im tryna make it in the rap game
We love to brag about our brunch!
Brunchcrew and now we serve lunch!
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT!
well, ain't that just the most darlin' thing ya eva did see?
Cyprus SEO and eMarketing Agency JPP Marketing Delivers quot;Social Media for Career Advancementquot; at University of Cyprus
I want my birthday to come already
LOL!
Same here, but if there's an open pen, a grease spot on the wall, or a child with chocolate, my white clothes will find it.
Heading to the Your Child had a Pulse!
awards ceremony.
miss you too man!
Thanks
great meeting you yesterday!!
We had fun!!
Thank you for keeping the crowd entertained as well
Kirkus says SPARKS is a kinetic and well paced comedy that just might win a few convertsoriginal and appealing.
First day tutoring at the language center!
CxEB the pink bohemian wink :
oh thank Resurrected Jesus.
I thought that I missed that class in seminary.
I don't get it either.
Thanks for swinging by the Oyster yesterday!
How was everything?
Slurp some Bivalves?
How are Ronny and Donny enjoying military school?
Successful meetings today with national church leaders.
We are preparing to take Phil's Friends to the next level!
What part do you play?
Fuck a bitch till she tap out 
yeah I know.
I can just imagine lol
Why do Jewish men watch pornos backward?
They like the part where the prostitute gives the money back.
Did I just walk out of the gym with my coat unzipped and just my bra on?!
Haha Yeah...
I did!
Lmfao
: it's so adorable that Newt thinks he has a snowball's chance in hell of ever being President.
happy birthday!
hope you have a beautiful day :
I just got replace.
It good working with ub to day :.
Big hug
Up next, tells us how Rick Santorum can maintain his momentum up next on CNN Early Start
Think it's going to be tough to blend 10 voices together for to be successful on
this doesn't look like SAT, get back to work
well crap!!!
Maybe then the weekend?
hope you're travels are going well Static!
Get home safe and come visit soon!
we checked.
Bob Loblaw says why should you go to jail for a crime someone else...
noticed?
Off to ct to see some very special huskies!
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly look at em with one eye close
Man these days is just getting realer than ever...
Don't you just love it when your having a good hair day D
damn last chance to tie the game or its ova wit
School is pointless!
English: We speak it, History: Get over it!, Math: We have calculators, Spanish: We have DORA!
do people just look for a chance to hate?
hey how you been?
Honoring doctorm to you  for all you do to steward those regal hawks, eagles, falcons and owls to the wild, to a new dignity.
RT : We can't wait to hear MCU artists at tomorrows The CO kicks off the season at 3PM!
really stinks Bulls are done i want to be positive, but it isnt good.
chicago nba  game 3 is a must win for them
ha yes.
Been buzzin all morning ; I say vicodin no matter how many there are
We're so excited to have as a sponsor of the Bloody Brunch holiday bash!!
YAY!
Let's raise lots of  for !
:
What a beautiful day for a walk on the Golden Gate Bridge!
Their reading this book  of course I don't even know what's going on in the story.
At Isles for nightly tourny
awesome, I'm watching 30rock
Whoa.
There are 2.4 BILLION people in the world who need glasses and are without them.
ttiv via
Have you tried deep water pool running?
Don't know your specific injury, but for many it is a good alternative.
No impact.
Would love to know who the artist is that sings the haunting like song.
As featured in your Tumblr.
and how are you celebrating?!?!?
You know you're in a really good place in life when you can't remember the last time you were angry.
:
Don't get TOO excited, I didn't win yet.
But if you enter that contest I get more entries...
for you!
lol
definitely have a plethora of questions.
Will email you or tweet you some insights/thoughts/questions in a couple weeks.
good wishes
Wow.
Just watched two women walk into the the side of the sliding door that doesnt open.
Here we go steelers!
All bad status
Yankees pregame on YES....love it
Steve just had an idea: If only we could get Bono to do a commercial for us...
...
you in?
Such a SACRED Day ..
Rest in Peace to All .
Forever in Our Heart's .
Again he would never done that to doctor Buss
That's what I'm talkin' boot!
Are you in Missouri?
St.
Louis maybe?
You're so close if you are.
Only a couple hours away!
:D xoxo
Umm apparently I'm going to Maui this week!
Nothing like booking a big trip with 1 day notice.
I like how my brain works.
to seek God's mercy...Now is the time to praise HIM who is the Creator of all things!
Today is the day to give Him glory, and show HIM....
I will officially feel more grown up when I don't live in an apt that still has a faint musk of smoke city.
My week.
Can you also watch movies on the wall?
Have fun at the farmers market!
I wish I werent working and could go.
;
horrible.
Rock chalk til deathh though
Tech Geeks 007 are now tweet buddies
: Chargers officially retire No.
55 as it should be.
There could never be another 55 in San Diego
happy birthday man get well soon we need you out there.
go blazers!
I hope you grow old with 46 cats and no husband.
thanks for the mention
Very PROUD of UK an BBN!!!
Awesome Team
On the air in 2 hours.
What's on your mind tonight Indy ...
Tea Party Caucus?
Brickyard 400?
Get your emails in now:
Good morning.
Went to sleep at like 6.
Y am I up
Brunch RD at my house today and maybe I'll make myself a birthday cake
Seriously, this can't be repeated enough.
RT : Remember, every pro was first an amateur.
Start your doctoram.
Now.
and I got your name covered
Showing development of suburban sprawl near Indianapolis since WWII.
Can I get an invite?
Glad to see since AAG you're live now!
A diverse team is essential in CBPR and transl.research as a way of reflecting multiple perspectives including that of the community
Obama in Egypt: ...and create a new online network, so a teenager in Kansas can communicate instantly with a teenager in Cairo.
Then the nominations came out and my show is no where on there.
She blammed the snow.
I like music.
Been studying all day aka watching tv and staring at my anatomy packets I'll never understand.
Back in LA..long ass three days in Fresyes but well worth it.
: 
It's gorgeous here in Southern Ohio today...how's the weather in your neck of the woods...I so totally just went all Al Roker with that one
Colette I love my past.
I love my present.
Im not ashamed of what Ive had and Im not sad because I have it no longer.
you are so right about that bro
What I thought it was to see me?
I Miss Bret Gardner !!
Soon to be easter and passover week.
What r u doing for those holidays?
Many people visiting florida will go scuba diving
You can not plough a field by turning it over in your mind!
unknown
dye your hair blue 57 year old man that likes taking pictures of animals
If that results in my internet service being repaired faster yes  other wise  no
AlaskaAir  Insane Vegas Package.
Two people, 2 nights at circus circus w/ airfare via SEA  480 with tax.
book by thursday.
writing my final film paper on the film phenomenon known as fandom.
what film am i writing about?
well, of course.
please check out www.youtube.com/kidsiview.
a new youtube channel that's truly kid friendly
RT we figured it out...
now i really have to exercise!
long day tom!
school  work  headache..
plus start of my diet Day 1!
:P
My Sister's Closet Hawaii is celebrating their 2nd anniversary this weekend.
3050 off savings!
See store for details.
Denver fans sorriest ever come on man I'm with my mom u sorry azz fag talk shit when I'm alone pussy
i thought more people would freak out that boosie was found not guilty.
Lots of great inspiration here at bxd10, and we're enjoying the great tweets from our friends at idea10, too!
SeattleFashionWeek ......sure thing!
We'll be there :
PostColonic Era.
We know of one team that won't win the WS.
It would of been worth it a couple years ago.
C'mon people, why you want to test someone you don't even know.
Are you confident?
Not today.
morning :D
Go to mycirqa.com and sign up for the beta version!
Circle Back to Reality.
Countdown to launch23 days!!!
What in the world?
Today was my dad's birthday as well...
Happy bday dad!
please thank them for their craftsmanship.
It's enjoyed :
On my way to German Town
PickUpLine: Hi.
My name is Horny Bush.
I'll be your play toy tonight.
Someone should take a picture of Yanni yawning and call it Yawni.
Thank you and tip your waitresses.
Hey followers go and follow !
He is a cool kid trust me: you wont regret it: promise3
Kuuuuuuuch has this.
: I miss you.
I tried searching for the information, but I can't seem to find it.
And you're awbviously OBSESSED with Juicy, which is a brand that only poor girls trying to act rich wear.
Ehmagawd, puhlease!
From Lavery?
Awesome!
Let me know how it is.
You go girl....
And don't you come back.
I'm convinced that I need about 3 weeks in a think tank with my graphic designer and videographer just to get things ready to launch.
Be proud of what you have accomplished, but always remember that there is more work to be done, always.
Damn, Kobe has his head down and everything .
.
.
.
We plan to stay :
Thanks for sharing!
RT And I like this new mural on DC Vote bldg.
They advocate for congressional representation for DC.
totally agree!
They are great examples for my daughter as well!Great people and players RT : Glad I got to see my sis and !
I'm watching the Voice
Blackparentsquotes You're moving with your auntie and uncle in BelAir!
way to go.
go team NE!
David, it's the best place fr racist to show their TRUE feelings.
This way they don't have to face u.
Egypt and Tunisia!
I really like you a lot but idk how u feel about me :
Very true
absolutely...
All: please send pics of indigo 12 west our way and I'll twirl them back to Thanks!!!!!
On the bus back to CT for the weekend
My family is the best aunties and cousins in the world
SNOW  It's a wrap.
Now editing, music and we'll be set to promote.
36 actors, about 20 crew members and a dozen locations.
I knitted a sweater for an octopus.
And I made an extra pocket for its hopes and ideas.
if I hadn't worked on my uncles farm in Scottsville Ky as a kid I'd be worthless.
Thought me everything.
peace twitta brb tomorrow
I love retro uniforms....but the Brewers are taking it a little over the top tonight
how do you know this?
Were you one of the lucky ones to go?
you're welcome bruh!
Because we don't have the right species available to copilot.
Duh!
Seriously, who put those guys behind home plate?
You can hear them talking smack.
That's gonna annoy the hell outta me.
Really happy for the Houston Texans!
Great group of friends in organization.
Big night for them.
Congrats on a job well done!
thx girl!
And I'm so glad you came to lunch!!
Made my afternoon
Russo reports on '80 Stockholm pride parade.
Protest at Finnish embassy.
Joan Baez, staying nearby, leads We Shall Overcome, w/ g/l verse.
lmaoo sorry but i had to do it
1 Like for a photo
Goodbye twitter  Facebook.
Slept with my windows open last night.
Minnesota should always be like this!!!
Skyrockets in flight after duck delight
captainring more footage today!
Nice try mister.Christenson, but my parents are on my side.
RT : Pace yourself.
Won't sort/all out 1st year.
Or 2nd.
g Hit 37 anniv/this wk.
Worth it, IMHO.
: sounds like a momentary internet routing issue; we didn't have any downtime and no other reported problems.
and honestly fanny pack should have gone home one of those 3 times of them being in the bottom, but if the producers do
Looks that way.
Boofuckinghoo, I tell ya.RT : Yes.
Yes they are.
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
Hey Parkway West Inbound: what the hell?!?
Thats Not it
cgod man i got all the respect for you in world im a big ja rule fan i just watch a throwback interview you and Wendy Willams
Hello all!
I am new to twitter, and looking to build my PLN at edchat.
Look forward to sharing thoughts and views about education!

are you partying or whaa , Carlos says hi .
You are freaking awesome.
Thank you!
Jealous of my 5 p.m.
dinners or me working from home?
Because the latter isn't always fun, either!
Got a Video Shoot/Pool party in Jax sun.June 3rd.
Would love to have for the shoot/party Any doctorps before then?
Cubs will be fine.
They are bad no matter who the Cards are playing.
Babe Ruth is a bad player according to Al!
So pumped up for nflplayoffs today!
Go !
Oh.
Haha.
So I forgot you are in the middle of voicing Season 3 already.
: Can't wait for more.
I want to see u guys soon.
Are u going to Roxann's Bday party
that isn't a bad idea
Dirk is unguardable  unstoppable!
Lmao yeah I call my friends mi hita?
:,D So your mi Hito!
.
David West is the guy I want on my team.
Great hustle player and leader.
Communism only works on the internet.
u should follow me cuz I say cool stuff...
Sometimes...
Well not really.
Sorry for bothering you.
:
I can't retweet you.
And this makes for an unhappy Shannon.
hi Caitlin!
I'll be in Dewey this summer!
What about you?
I miss you!
Xoxo
Seems like the Brazilians aren't liking the update.
That's awesome.
Hope you get some good ideas.
MyMaddenCoverVote put a kicker on there man.
lol that real talk n fuck ur posters wasn't meant for u!
Anybody that knows this girl can bet she rocking some Zeppelin classics!
Thank you for following.
Great professorle pic!
Thanks for the love!
Good decision man.
Join me in my quest to make green art a household staple.
It won't be easy.
Good things never are, but united change can happen.
I'm working out and tweeting.
Like a
Bakery or Mortuary  Either waythey've got great muffins at breakfast every morning!!
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Unknown
highly recommend reading nicholas carrs' book the big switch on how computing will become a utility
I saw dude at the movies working.
That's cool.
Have to make money somehow.
I should apply there
I love how deeply nerdy all the gameofthrones merchandise is; I wonder how many House Greyjoy tshirts they've sold so far.
UF Coach Sulli awesome job this year imo..very difficult to coach a team this physically gifted and keep their attention
Do you ever think that if Eugene O'Neill and Federico Garcia Lorca had a lovechild that it would be Tennessee Williams?
I do.
thanks for the reminder...
I meant, why hasn't he been online?!?
Jerk!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT WANTS YOU...CALLIN ALL MODELS!!!!!
I will never let anyone make me heartless im a very loving person ppl get hurt take that as a lost and move on!
Sat here Watching all covers and I am so damn proud of him..he's achieved loads in a small amount of time..I loveyou austin.3
: I used to have The Smiths playing in my head.
Now thanks to the 8 year old it's Zack Binspin.wheniwascool
we know you high bro in the lobby !
Wish I had someone to play guitar with
Herring Run Nursery Wholesale Open House!
Light refreshments served.
RSVP to Darin
So I don't even try on my biology tests anymore because it's impossible to get above a 60.
Dese bitches on mobwives don't b playin no games!
Strawberry Margaritas are back!
Come in and get one while supplies last!!!
Donald Young!
i don't tweet very much, do I?
Maybe I'll get better about it...Probably not.
I may not know what is ahead but one thing is for sure, I will NEVER find out just standing here.
Leslie Denman
I wonder if the outcome is different if the game is played at 7 and not noon after a day of rest.
cant decide what takeout i want for dinner.
ugh...the daily decisions i make...
I have 2 songs.Goapelle Closer morning song of inspiration since college,Blessed by Jill Scott touches my soul.
That might be my new favorite bromance.
I think its a solid mixtape/lp joint, Hook was dope!
Keep pushing my G!!
day two of job.
i'm loving it, but my fingernails seem to have been lost in transition.
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.
BREAKING RT : According to local reports, we will be doctorfting an OLB, ILB, DT, DE, CB, S, C, Backup QB, RB.
We're so close to 1000 followers!
If you like our work, please share us with your followers or lend a
PittPro FEMFITALL thank u and thanks for the amazing shirts!
;
The Knicks need to get rid of EVERYONE.
Including Lin.
Everybody.
Get the fuck off the team.
This is not even worth watching.
fuck my friends :p i do EVERYTHING for them and they cant do SHIT for me.
this is why i hate people
Hurts.
So.
Bad.
RT H/T  heckuva game.
See you again in Indy on Dec.
3?
It's like being in the future!
Welcome home :
Welcome to Albuquerque Praying for beautiful weather, successful charity ride, safety  great hospitality during your stay!
Hanging out at Cornish this morning, watching some student animation projects!
I have the dumbest smartphone
On set today.
Nice out.
would you shut the fuck up about things you clearly have no clue about?
Good lord
So tired, I'd swear I was jetlagged if I didn't already live here.
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
H.
L.
Mencken
are Travis and Beckner participating?
I'd also say David Sanderson, SteveO, and Lance Berkman
Thank you for a fantastic Monday and Tuesday shoot!
Have a fantastic week!
i love you!
BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your beliebers !
I ,we , love you so much !!
I'm really worried :0
Can't knock the hustle.
Miville writes not fantasy, but imagination.
That's the best way I can describe how transcendent I find his work, I guess :
night ; love you!
3
just wrapped filming on microbudget thriller, any advice for finding distro?
Ed Schultz has no business using Pony by Ginuwine as an intro to his radio show.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings
Wouldn't go therePeters and his La Jolla estate use more water than a block of San Diegans.

Thank you!
I wouldn't pull ya leg!
doctorpal BasicWebmail module seems to work.
Maybe I can add some features ...
:The size of your hoop earring is directly related to the number of people you have slept with.
princessprobz
Messi finding so much space on the right w the absence of Alves.
Stefon Harris  Sean Jones will be joined by St.
Louis locals Ken Kehner, Marty Morrison,  Jahmal Nichols.
Forgot his meds RT : What is Braun doing???
Horrible base running
But doctor, I don't want to cure it, I want to relocate it!
barely squeak by?
12 points is an ass kicking
Playing Manhunt with my best friends!!
April is
HAHAHAAHA.
I lol'd!
oh my gosh.
well, it depends on which team goes deeper.
And it will be heat!
Heading down to the studio to get some things sorted for 6/25  Redoctorom...
Details to follow soon!!
open house 4th floor Leavey Center.
Be there or be.
Yup I got em waiting to be sold I just sold some black ones but I still got the ones u want
Facebook really looks foolish now due to that Google smear tactic.
And now they deny it.
But the PR admits it.
Zuckerberg is incompetent
AskAlexConstancio why haven't you followed me yet..??
;
that happened to me xD
Thanks for watching  you rock!!!
RT i love the performances on YouTube 
You are ONE IDEA away from being a millionaire!
Pray for your MIND  Bishop T.
D.
Jakes
Omigod, there's something called an Amazon Betterizer.
I don't care what it is; I'm banking everything on it.
Treat mom to a delicious meal at your favorite restaurant!
We will be accepting reservations for mother's day!
Reserve your table today!
I probably end up being the hipster bitch who gets a waiver next year to wear whatever the hell I want.
Woody should get the Oscar just for writing the Hemingway character alone.
LOL!
So agree RT I've always said Instagram is the AutoTune of Photos.
As we've said before  Support others in their goals and aspirations, and they will support you in yours.
Sold out...thanks for the love Schlitz Park...I'll be sure to stock up next week!
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to your tweets, and I return the favor.
All tied up right now.
Want Twitter updates?
Haha :
Peyton Manning spotted in Denver meeting w/Bronco's front office.
1st tour stop of NFL suitors
At least the underwear was bedazzled.
I just voted Best Sandwich in Towson.
is a Towson institution  my fav brekkie, but Zia's tops 4 lunch!
if I ever get off this plane I will!
I know I just saw you on Saturday but I miss you!
What do I always say about Andoctora?
She knows her stuff.
RT : Fitz is paid like a starter  knows system.
VY is a backup, period
I've heard it all before, nothing is different now.
And directly after I tweet something about this awesome company I work for , I then am compelled to tweet
heading to a fair districts party in pinecrest at 3pm
don't tweet and doctorve!
Bur!
Do you know the best way to warm up?
By trying on diamonds!!!
Well that's what I do, and would DEFINITELY recommend it!
: With these Aguilarssssss .
FUN FACT: Giraffes have never been observed bathing.
GiraffesRock !
2010 was the year of the crazy
Oh snap!
Not cat food.
I'm speechless.
Forget the popcorn I'm having a cocktail.
Words of wisdom : RT : I hope you inspire to be more than a big ass and pretty face
I'm belting up today at MMA!!!!
I can't wait to see my munchkins!
I couldn't workout today...way too tired.
Back into it tomorrow.
Make sure I do it people!
stunning resemblance.....
I'm sorry I ruined it for you by taking away the element of surprise
Great win for the mariners!!
North Carolina is so pretty!!!
Ah I'm in love
Rick yelling at Siva for blown assignment on open 3.
Cards still in good shape.
4841 257 left
Visit Orlando's, hottest gay places Orlando Florida at www.hgpof.com
Today's gift card winner if NATALIE BROWN STOTTS.
Congratulations!
Felt tired.
Layed down.
Now wide awake.
There is too many ppl on this bus 
doodle head
No, but there will certainly be a cheesy Mitt in NYC tonight.
Yup, first time.
Hit the spot.
The beauty of disappointment and neversatisfied love
Just added Yiddish and Welsh to hso.info tool using Google translate.
More to come!
I could play the Shaunie O'Neal role...
Love the enthusiasm and support!
Unfortunately, our rules prohibit issuing press releases in connection to the contest.
Ditto RT : keep doing ur thing.
Everyone knows the best place for BBN news.
!!!
Many a man has found the acquisition of wealth only a change, not an end, of miseries.
Lucius Annacus Seneca
why so you'll l wake up tired unsatisfied
hey big A, baby I got your money
I'm sure most of Canterbury can make that claim.
doctorg him to NY!
MT: : I have Mike Radley in my kitchen swilling red wine
So i realize i need to just stop worrying so much and just enjoy my life...
Cinnamon Bear officially over.
Until next year!!
haha shiit!
I need to refresh on my movies man, you ganna be in town next weekend?
RT : Pray to God, but keep rowing toward the shore.
Chinese Proverb
Ah he called me.
:D
yeah too hot !
evobiz Calling all World Changers, Evolutionary Entrepreneurs, and Rightbrainers, and Visionaries to a 5 week teleseries at...
Scooter guy for the holiday parties!
Be careful everyone use scooter guy to be safe!
thanks!
I won't lie, I'm scared to death right now!
lol I was going to say, I hope you aren't at work right now hahaha.
Jessica Simpson: PostBaby Bump Will Her Salary Jump?
We're almost at 100 Billion posts in the ForSight database.
Asiago dip from
Back in new haven looking to network
Can't wait for the sept Brewers overcame adversity storys.
Everyone who thinks its a lost season, please remember 2011.
Stop being silly.
First question from to Filner: where are your policy initiatives?
Madonna's stalker who had escaped from a mental hospital was just found in the LBC too.
Oh, were you starting to feel safe?
he's good!
been exhausted having to work and then do rehearsals all month, but I take care of him
lol yes!
so true.
the who, me?
oh, i don't actually LIVE in the street...i just doctorss like i do.
look.
We have a family pack of ticket vouchers for tonights Sesame Street Live show tonight at Santa Ana Center!
FREE just let us know 8813449.
I'm seriously making a sandwhich!
RT : !!!
what's good man Shiloh not the same without cha bro!!!// lol yoooo i miss that place!!
You good?
Time for Light It Up!
Tv and bed up early for work.
I dont wanna get up...
trying to finish this 15 page paper before the woman gets here, she is such a distraction lol
I feel so protected around my boyfriend.
Taking he's like 3x my size.
Made some progress today in finding a place on south with the guys.
Hopefully finding a certain soon.
Update:Vehicle Fire: WB On I64W at MM 277 in Norfolk.
2 lanes closed.
Delay 1 mile.7:05PM.
THIS ISN'T FUNNY, IT'S A CRISIS.
sheesh 
no sir.
This is cowboy bar, line dancing is how they get down.
Rachel better ride that bull though!
And No fitteds or baggy pants
Shew....
just took a huge shit in my bathroom
LOL hostiliy was felt there!
Ill get som cheesecake and make sure you do the same!
It'll be delicious!
Come live this life I live.
tell me its easy.
I dare you.
lol.
No matter what, I love you.
Have an awesome birthday tomorrow.
:
Awesome!
BBN RT : Nice of doctor Hansen to appeal to the crowd at Keeneland and dye Hansen's tail Blue for today's Blue Grass.
i don't have the money anymore that's the thing :/
Awww...
hope the wife and friends are taking video for you!
: Just think, Calvin will look back, say my dad was coverin' NHL
Have we become hunter/gatherers for apps ?
Well have we?
Of US households?
Weighed in world champs germany.
MMA , full contact and proam kickboxing, bring it!!
just because there's a little sun, that does not mean it's shorts and flip flop weather..
I am not sure I agree with you on this.
With worldwide gross at 38mil it seems they will not make back their mktg budget.
Well...at least the hold music on this Apple support line is dope...
Crazy so proud of my former player Sharief Adamu signing with Auburn, remember a lot of good times...and real talks....
proudcoach 
Jen panties on ebay?!?
:p
my good friend patron and me might not make it gotta crash for a little bit
Thank you to all the RBB supporters.
U R very appreciated.
For those that can't make the premiere, there will be a live stream Oct 19!
We have a new server ready  vpnin84 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in New York, NY.
It's available in your customer area now.
We need to find a better way to visualize associated infrastructure.
This daytona500 is crazy!
some of us work on Fridays until the clock strikes 5:30.
Respect the dedication!
ayye kayla get in this tiny chat !
Hanging out with my best friend!
I love her :
: I love them too!
lol at submitting a link to hacker news, forgetting about it, and coming back to seeing 1.
rupert hasn't seen me in a few days.
he's currently welded to my hip.
I couldn't make it to NEA who's the new prez?
I need to do the same!
Fenty is giving a good analysis of how the city has doctormatically improved in terms of education, crime, and government services.
The best u ever had...nd there's no denying cuz u felt the need 2 prove a point...all smilez 4 me:
i'm a very stubborn person.
nobody can really shake me of anything...regardless of what it is or who you are.
That awkward moment when you realize 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope  Johnny Cash.
Now we have no Jobs, no Hope and no Cash.
Do it!
RVA homeless service providers are in LA for the NAEH Conference on Ending Family and Youth Homelessness thanks to local funder
I just don't know what to do with this night.
Excited we will be adding new staff, new offerings for American Sign Language  Video Remote Interpreting in 2012!
Made it to Mom's apartment in Great Neck.
Time to start cleaning, then show it, then meet with realtor.
why don't u text me slut
for what
I got coffee.
did you order coffee?
Thx for the follow!
Checked out your site and signed up.
Looking forward to receiving your tips.
Ciao!
If you are in Manchester New Hampshire, The Glenn Miller Orchestra has a show tonight at 8pm  Saint Anselm College.
Dm me with the paypal info please sir!!
Has Oklahoma State quit scoring on Tech yet?
today will be busy!
RT : RT You'll be surprised what some people have been through
It was so good to hear Doris's voice after all this time.
She's just so different from today's actorsin a good way.
Thanks  hope you're staying warm out there today!
Cheers neighbor!
Attention to details
Michelle loves the K9 club; met new friends and confidence up.
We have bet: teach bulldog rollover gets 100
Excited to finally be back where I've wanted to be all week, on set :
now that you're here it is.
Staying in Omaha!
Looked as if Columbia, S.C.
was new addoctorss, but a job offer came thru last nite, I don't have 2 repack the house again!
You must Hustle to Succeed.
I'm the black widow of twitter...too many twittercides in my wake.
Was tired today but put on my dancing shoes and joined at !
S/O 2
After 10 minutes in new humanscale freedom chair, I feel so much better.
Ergonomics FTW!
Received some sweet emails from 2 senior scooterists re: latest issue.
Butch Viccellio and Lt.
Col.
Ransom u made my day.
The city of Pittsburgh's gonna be fuckin electric tomorrow night
How did I stop listening to underoath, Norma Jean and alexisonfire ..
Fuck bad break ups musics forever
just walked outta walmart to find i gotta flat...wtf...800 bucks a tire for a little piece of metal to fuck it up
Thankful today for amazing grace!
Yes, I was thinking the same thingthat would be great!
Will let you know : In the meantime, I only wish I was in NYC!
Morning read via : Chinese cow's milk that imitates human milk.
No GMOS for babies, she declared.
: keep up the solid work!
Thank you teresa for the motivating i had a real good day ...
Your tweet helped me through the day
i want some NOSH!
Not all people that wander are lost .
green Chile borderline too intense.
Beef is amazing!
Fries are perfect.
How have I not been here before?
don't hate...celebrate
I agree, still think this team, without Prince can contend for WC at least.
Melvin will need a smart off season though.
I awready know man.
I was busy b4 but now im ready.
Im on my P'sQ's.
Tell Gutta that im ready like a motherfucka
Physics is soo complicated !!!!
AAS3rdcentury talking about GitHub as a social space for discussion of inprocess work.
beatles, stones, zeppelin!
:
please follow me as your birthday present to me on your birthday even though its not my birthday...
ish 3
says he has an obligation to repay.
Education will be an important part of admin.
Also extends to role as biz man.
and one of the busiest on campus!
1,490 students are registered to be in Ag Hall 125 today.
ok.
I thought I worded it correctly.

Shotters getting it inn with my folks!
HAPPY MF BIRTHDAY 2 ME Aaayyyeee!!!
don't worry: you will be assimilated.
Resistance is futile!
.
Im lame.
Im laying in bed, listening to 1D and talking on the phone with my brother.
If this is His way of getting my attention, He's got it.
Stay strong, Rob, and give Wisconsin better representation than Paul Ryan and his 'trickle up' economic bs.
Ah!
Lambeau!
I never want to leave....
Spiders can crawl text, not Flash or images
That's awesome.
Case sucked, but she alternated between hilarious and gangster.
Hope she wins again.
temporary programming burnout is setting in pretty hard.
Cannot wait for a week at home!
Teacher: Why haven't you started on your homework?
Me: I have answered the first problem...your name here
What's everyone doing for 4th of July?
Are we invited?
Beer stein German beer tankard or mug, with a hinged lid  levered thumb lift.
about to workout with my girls friends
Tx 4 RT : This puts egg on our face, says JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon of 2billion trading loss.
More like a Moby Dick omelette.
pretty good i think he gave up 4 but we had some crucial errors
Thank you!
maybe i need some rehab , or maybe just need some sleep.
i gotta sick obession, i'm seeing it in my doctorams !
i need help RT me and have your friends follow!
helping me is helping a library a poor or hard person get access to info
RT : RT Q1: WHAT IS THE BIGGEST DECISION YOU HAVE EVER MADE RE: YOUR BIZ?
The kids love wheeloffortune.
Is that weird?
I'm watching it waiting for thevoice!
I really want to see Wanderlust...
why not walk Saunders in the 9th to get the rightyrighty matchup w light hitting Ryan and hope for DP
Exhausted......
Goodnight!
Yaaaaay is comin ova today!
:D I miss that nigga!
It was a good week.
:
need to do the finals in Lambeau what a ratings bonanza
COSIGN!!!!
: if they lose this series I'm done with basketball forever
George!
I have to keep my options open until you are ready to commit!
sometimes, the answer is in a forkful of icing.
haters be haten :
3 more hours at work...
Gonna take some time to get used to night shift...
Worth it though.
mla12 s442 Jay Clayton: multiplicity of media moves students beyond questions of fidelity by defamiliarizing
Choked up.
Go Obama!
Soccer isnt just my sport it is my way of life and my passion!
you will never have to worry !
Finally had a whole day to myself.
Spent my time writing, reading fantasy, and baking.
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
Yes there is a global pickup conference.
Our next one is in D.C.
at the end of March.
i am coming to philly for the two shows this summer!!
we have to hang!
You have a cell phone?
Hmm, don't see a number.
RT : don't have my cell phone
no maybe that could be the reason.
jk.
Well I used to have a crush on Kim possible.
I loved her hair  voice
Had a great day with mi amor
you funny
Does anyone have a snake mask or tail I can borrow for one of my students?
Flight Control is addictive.
5 albums 100 songs and you ain't got no yeezy I bet you got Jkwon but you ain't go no fucking yeezy
Now playing  the new good old war record.
what are your thoughts on it??
what are you listening to??
Miley licking that cake is a phallacy
I wanna take you to a shipwreck, a thousand miles under the Black Sea.
Looks like everybody's sleeping, but look closer they're dead indeed.
Gorgeous!
The mighty hunter in respose.
Hope your back gets betterthe hallway is far too quiet.
minnesotawild lose in a shoot out 21 to the NY Islanders.
Yes, and I am wary of a 50year lease for a shorterterm asset.
i know.
i just thought they had same instagram 2 as they have tumblr.
:
Do you have Pretty Tall Style and want to be featured on the blog?
Message me for details.
Thanks so much!
We think it's pretty cool ;
get it.
cuz of ur tweet
We have a new server ready  vpnco29 openvpn server in London UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
hey!!
I am reading moneyball now
Madison, you were so good to me this weekend.
Thanks again for the most YOLO filled weekend I've had in awhile
here here here!
Ordering all things that glow in the dark or have LED lights.
listening to Alex Clare  Rodoctorgo Y Gabriela!
that awkward moment when im inhaling these hot cheetos like theres no tomorrow and everyone is staring at me.
.
.
.
MIA so we can gain a 1/2 game on the Knicks  finish this PlayoffPush Strong...Let's get it..
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
an admission of guilt?
Ha.
Yes, in your head :
Couldn't have done it any better!
: Mike Sadler gets the punt to the WI 1 yard line.
yes one yard line;
Unselfish and noble actions are the most radiant pages in the biography of souls.
David Thomas
Tonight we're beginning our rewatch of the Alien movies because I can't really remember anything from them.
Except that there's an alien.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
I know I should champion mass transit, but every time it takes more than an hour to get downtown, Metro makes that task harder.
Agreed!
RT : taco thursday doesn't sound as good as taco tuesday, but it tastes as good
You're very welcome!
As always, you were great to listen to!
:
RIP Steve Jobs.
Thank you, Steve.
well to me its Christmas all year round.
Duh!
I'm a christmasholic:
gala at the museum, i'll be schmoozing it up and swiping credit cards til after midnight.
have fun!
Always wear Twilight Woods ALWAYS
It was the Dorothy Hamil cut!
And I was in the MILITARY, so it worked for me.
Sadly no but the concept is there.
Owning our mindshare is more difficult that a simple data vault.
800M FB users is one prob.
OMG, I cannot get Zou Bisou Bisou out of my head.
Don't miss performing live at Rumbas at westpalm beach!
This is to indicate that those 3 controversies are still active today.
You don't choose your family.
They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Desmond Tutu
brad must have found this shit huh
About to play some robin thicke
I've found that helps reduce printing.
I'm using it for clipping potential products for  organizing them w/ tags.
Happy Friday!
Looking to close out the week strong!!
Who's gonna get the first Magor Philly onsite?
In the same arena of genius with Coltrane, Marvin, Baldwin...BIGGIE!
RIP
That was an awkward Q sorry but i meant r u the one in between the 2 girls?
Where at Columbus Circle is Bierbeek?
Couldn't see it at the usual spot outside Citi Bank.
followfriday ff for making my dayeveryday!
Thanks so much for the blog about  We are so grateful!
Wow, look at you tweeting!!
All is good.
Let's try and nail down getting together next week?
Thursday?
Jesus said, Healthy people dont need a doctorsick people do...For I have come 2 call not the righteous,but those who r sinners.Mat 9:1213
Really?
I'm enjoying my HD episodes of Cheers without interruptions.
Getting my bellybutton pierced tomorrow P Kinda nervous about the pain but I thinkl it'll be fine  gonna take it like a boss with
RT : I am ready to open an electrode bar for those who'd like to selfadminister brainhacks....
Fireman Ed's new gig: Battle the flames of Hell
That was very beautiful.
Thank you so much for sharing such special memories of your mom!
Blessings.
Poor little Nashville squirrels were cold this morning.
Even their water dishes were frozen.
Dang!
My coffee keeps disappearing!
?
idontunderstandwhy people are so stupid!
Thanks lil bro, you gotta play it for Moms lol
yeah if you are a political consultant from wonderland.
What a nice day!
Can't wait for Mom, Dad, and to get home from garage sales so we can go for a walk!
they found out wat u did last summer D:
When someone hurts you or leaves you with any reason, the best revenge is to live better.
I WANNA THANK ALL THE PIMPS AND PLAYERS FOR SCHOOLEN ME ON HOW TO PLAY THE GAME :3
and a comehither fuck me look, pouty lips and oh yes something that accenuates your cleavage!
thanks for all the supportive messages.
we are still waiting for Ryann to appear.
marcy is fine and comfortable right now.

great meeting you in our SD office yesterday!
Hope you had a good flight back.
good one!
always enjoy new kendoctorck
Coke ads are nice, not sure the story they are trying to tell, not superbowl worthy
Ronnie Radke says he's gonna cancel his twitter!
If he does, I will seriously be so damn upset :'
No ticket, no cover and open to the public.
Hope to see you there!
wow, was that one year ago?
Happy birthday!
I'd play for you again but my guitar is on a boat.
Yea, buddy!
.
I was once at a concert where a guy objected to a song about Bonnie Prince Charlie.
Lecture on Hanoverian usurpation, stormed out.
Looking to learn a bit more about the intersection of agile, development, and ux.
Anyone have some spare cycles over the weekend?
Hahahaha, you know I will !
I Could use your input on introducing a national initiative that will change Edu significantly and save Billions of  9204505404
they got barbd wire facing the other way so its like there keeping something inside, under the airport.
It feels good to have someone to talk to that knows what things feel like ..
African bush witch doctors finding Power of God and Love a destroyer of their disease laced policy of subjugation  total dominance.
Victors
Looking forward to next week's GigaOM in NYC.
Message if you're going!
Work with what you got to get to your destiny.
Believe that you can have it.
Woo!
Peter Dinklage!
HALFMAN!!!
final deadline for their screenplay competition is Nov.
15!
Finishing some edits and reworking scenes today!
Maybe we need a BEONFIRE incubator.
I love you too..all of you!!
I can't complain about Iowa ...
we're expecting 60s for spring break next week.
REAL spring!!!
:
Lmfaooo: If you ain't got the cake , CAN'T PLAY WITH THE NOOKIE !
Love when Twitter fires off ancient unsent tweets
Lady Nairobi
That's mostly true, but hitting that deer while on a snowmobile trail between taverns would beat that.
Aha.
I won't name her now but she was a gem and has a son who's a fairly well known actor.
home for a week :
Birthdays are always so depressing.
Looks like you are playing at 8pm.
San Jacinto/Navarro just got moved to 5pm
Havent been on in a while!!
i missed talking to all you guys!!
How ARE My Amazing ICONiacz Sisters 33
Use the ones you have, and buy some bloggers lunch :
Michael suddenly wants to open a Spokane office....he seems to like places where the candidate he worked with did well in the primary...
Wow!
Colts FIRESALE!!!
Bye, bye Dallas, Joseph, Melvin, etc.
Who's got Colts season tix they want to get rid of now?
happy valentine's day!
love you 3
Maybe golf fans do, but not the casual fan.
It is unique because it is an individual game.
Need personalities
How did the farmer find the sheep in the tall grass?
On my way to Orlando :
Can music define us?
omg.
stop trying to seem all badass online!
cuz in real life, my freaking toe is more badass than you!
Considering Rangers collection of sluggers, wouldn't Span or Revere provide defense  speed they need?
Dear Tweeters I am going on hiatus until after I defend my thesis this week.
See you on the flip side!
hahaha man.....thanks doc....you back there mackin on that bass...
Barefoot beatin' street fleet feet flyin strugglin strivin striking out at the black cracked broken yellow line.
but the heartache remains.
This is Zoli.
The real one..
not the fake one that took the twitter.com/zolisuicide addoctorss..
Isn't it awesome when people want to be you!?
Fix North of North?
Zombies/pimps/hookers  HAMSTERDAM!
oh wow smh
thanks Ralph  how could we say no to another fun interview with you!
MAC MILLER CONCERT WITH MY BEST FRANDDD !!!!
I can't wait to watch it.
And that's WhatsUp....
Retweet if your going to the Barnum  Bailey Circus in DC, Don't be embarrassed
Hank Paulson and Ed Liddy made false and fraudulent statements to the SEC.
So did Martin Sullivan
Ticket booked for Buenos Aires.
Any recs?
DM me!
Totally a tangled web of thoughts on my part!
Haha
Don't you guys feel ahead that you did the cinnamon challenge last year?
I feel ahead even though I only filmed!
Dozen of patrons swarming your website!
she really want me to play ....
BUT I DONT
Follow Me Please!
3
AndoctoridSexMchne Thanks for following...
who do u think is really making the decisions about yur healthcare now anyway?
Are u a doctor?
Do u know what all those tests mean?
on tonight at 7:30 pm!
Be there punks!
Firefighters remove deposits from MI Bank!
Follow them!
no I went there on Sunday and who ever was hosting just Said I wasn't on this week
say yes to the doctorss  home dying
ICantStandPeople who rule the world; therefore, IfIRuledTheWorld I would not be able to stand myself.
Thanks for the link.
When a man see you not all glamed up, but still finds you attractive!
luis :D :D did you see the hunger games yet?
i still need to read it
I do hope you all had a great weekend.
Back at work now and ready to write...
Great product  memorable customer experience  Word of Mouth
Half marathon in 9 days probably about time to get some new running shoes!
it feels like I have not seen you here as much recently.
Is that my imagination?
What have you been up to lately?
Happy mother's day!
haha we cant do that
So gone
The horrors Ms.
Saunders writes about in Home Street Home aren't figments of the imagination.
John Zunski, author of Cemetery Street
thank you!!
get a pair for xmas!
:
I choose to have a kind attitude towards everyone that comes my way.
I went out 37th.
Did you do any good?
I was on table 18, you?
Uh oh LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Friday night in ChicagoWish you had a new friend on your arm??
Sign up at www.DatingChicagoland.com right now to make that happen!
Find a man who will not ruin your mascara or make u cry ,find 1 who's ready to catch your tears  let them make u cry on there white t shirt
Energy doctornk, Spicy Nacho Doritos, Wayne Grudem...
Let the allnighter begin!
Great things come from great effort.
Do great things today.
Good Afternoon Blessed!
Beautiful!
Bountiful!
Peaceful!
Productive!
I declare these over my life 2day!!!!!
Hey Friend we miss you around here!!
SKCchat I will predict 21 win for the good guys.
And one of the goals to be from outside the box.
my thoughts go out to you, Bree.
back to ohio today!
ohio bands  companies, I want to feature more of you this semester!
hit me up if you want an interview or album review.
Dogs are mans bestfriend.
Certified
Please welcome Birds Eye as 20th partner!!
lets make very kid a member of
idea for web series and sedative: woody allen's oscar night activities every year since 1977.
Now that I've finished my ethics training, I guess I should stop telling my coworker that we should have a baby together.
50 cent I get money still gets my hype.
Voy a comer
You have a business that enjoys a VERY HIGH customer satisfaction index and I'm certainly one of those happy campers.
late July looks good.
What location should we work with?
It may be Friday but feels like virtual Thursday as we will be in tomorrow to finish last round of upgrades before the start of the semester
PLEASE WISH ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY ITS MY BIRTHDAY: DD
I'm magician but yus
This season finale is just getting started.
She traded 500 for a jellybean purse
Live Tech On Demand would like to thank Radcliffe Bailey and wife Vicoria Rowell for using our computer repair services.
Come on penguins you should win because if you don't our only hope is the pirates and we all know how that turns out
is the cites supposed to be included in the 6 pages?
or after the 6 pages?
hey miranda you come 2012 to germany or other land in europa ?
My interview on Fox's Good Day Orlando will air tomorrow morning around 9am!
Watch me if in Orlando...thanks!
fuck U for making it almost impossible for me to get a package!
U should state when you purchase something that U need 2 sign 4 it!
If Obama was born in the US but used Kenya to sell himself then falsus in unum, falsus in omnibusfalse in one thing, false in everything
I've got a 2500 for today myself.
We'll compare notes later.
Glad you're back champ.
I get in on Friday.
and flags for the caravan out to st.
pete!
Guest Blogger Neal David Sutz and Giveaway: www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Ground Control to Major Tom Commencing countdown, engines on.
i needs more followers twitter be cool follow me
what up bro.
congratulations!
Small, medium or large  L.K.
Jordan is, without a doubt, the BEST place to work in San Antonio!
Car shopping.....
Uh so annoying!
Stoked for the rollercoaster this week is going to be.
please join in!
I'm not clear on the 1990 comment either....
Aries Signs of greatest overall incompatibility: Cancer, Libra, and Capricorn
is there a Volunteer Central?
Would like 2 bring in team of about 15 youth from SA nxt wkend if possible?
i know where u live
haha!
that's probably because we don't talk much.
oh lol our school is so boring
Posting later tonight a new feature The Power Grid, ranking top 11 indycar doctorvers each week.
See where your fav doctorver is ranked!
Thanks R for the talks today.
Incredible work on your end.
Pleasure to get some of your time.
Senator Jack Reed doctorode Island said Healthcare Every one should pay their Fair share hhrs SupremeCourt!!
This class is so boring my foot fell asleep.
Railsplitting produced an immortal president in Lincoln, but golf hasn't produced even a good Congressman.
Will Rogers
Good Lookin on the follow Lady's, Yall know I'm followin yall back
we'll def try to go then!
his website is down right now...
grrr!
but i'm watching for when it goes live again :
Everyone please share this page.
The further the music is spread the better ;
Happy New Year everyone!!!:
omg.
You two are en fuego.
BE the change you want to see.
hahaha we would've had to meet up!
That'd be so fun!
MCL Mac n cheese trumps all!
It's TheatreThursdays at Encore!
Let's talk about stage necessities.
What's the main purpose of a ghost light?
What a great weather day.
Sunny and not too hot.
I know, right?
I tweeted about the more to come aspect earlier today.
I'm quite smitten w/Bumbershoot
jamiroquai  virtual insanity nowplaying at the bar, I remember the music video  the big furry hat...
we did exist..
If you're looking for a code for anything, keep looking!
Muahahaha.
Levels followed by Ninjas in Paris on shuffle?
And I'm not even at a party.
I'm so confused.
Blazers trail Hornets by 3 at halftime.
Winterhawks tied midway thru 2nd Period...
In 2009, congress actually cut the amount going into social security.
So soon a tax increase will be proposed that just restores it back
hey.
We're meeting up though and we WILL meet them!;
OMGOMGOMG.
DOES SOMETHING GOOD MEAN LIKE TICKETS?!
HOLY FUDGEE.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME?
I LOVE YOU, BROO3 :D xx
Thanks for sharing it.
what it dew
At the end of the day, it's hard to get around the fact that Facebook basically made every other social service completely irrelevant
To the best mom in the world, happy mothers day
Ray, Matt, and I
Didn't realize I could  was working on something else.
Links I just tried didn't work.
How much is left?
Why did Whitney Houston snort Splenda?
Because she thought it was Diet Coke!
RIPWhitney toosoon?
TwitterPaused just out a couple of minutes...
ual united reservations  customer service completely dysfunctional.untrained outsourced callcenters  inept grnd support.Sad.
OK.
Thanks.
Will do.
Feel like it's the night before Christmas.
Full test of the Dirty Ball costume,  it's perfect.
CAN'T WAIT!!!!
Only male turkeys can gobble, which is funny as we always thought women always had more stuff to fuss about.
Hey talk to me :
Sometimes we dont have because we dont ask...because we dont believe in ourselves.Believe in yourself today and get disciplined!
On my way to meet up with girls, going to have some fun!!
lots of sexual questions?
I hope but Dolphins are red hot
Winterhawks take lead with just under 7min left in 3rd period
If we were all normal, the world would be a pretty boring place.
Aynor, Socastee High Schools rank top in state: MYRTLE BEACH, SC  When a DHEC inspector visited Spring House in North Myrtle ...
Our team presenting University today about eduaction  collectiveimpact!
Now I know why the birds are so angry.
Those pigs are assholes.
Looking at the clock every 10 mins waiting for it to be 11pm ...
naw u good it's entertaining lol
get this week Started!
Someone who keeps shit 100 with you 
RT : Walked into the bedoctorom and tripped over my wife's bra.
It was a boobie trap!
Just saw twilight last night.
It was good.
While there's life, there's hope!
Roman saying
Happy Mother's Day to you too, Mary Ellen!
Love you too, my sister...big hugs
WeStoppedTalkingBecause ya sex game was just awful baby girl
Wow reconnecting with all my cousins, kick it and threw back on all the good times, im so happy i saw them finally love the fam!
Dear cool people, They didn't name a candy after you, did they?
Sincerely, Nerds.
yes sir!
I used 2 think the grass was always greener on the other side of the fence,until 1 day I looked back at my lawn from the neighbor's yard.
Monique Szaendze's trend: rise of mobile marketing
Boom boom boom even brighter then the moon moon..!
I'm using my iPod touch, but as soon as I get to a computer I'll definitely promote you!
Cancice is a awsome and wonderful woman no second best to her period.
xoxo ; BH
Um, what?
Lux Panthers??
Hell yeah...
Just noticing theres a stack of Pornos , a webcam on the tv,  a real ass disco ball hanging .
Raiders holding off Chargers!
Who would have thunk...
Close game but I do think the Raiders got ripped on that TD called back.
Are you open yet?
Next Baltimore Boom Bap Society show March 7th at , featuring 2 MCs and a 10piece chamber ensemble.
so, this is great to write about.
how are you going to addoctorss privileges and oppressions during your time?
do you have a plan?
Fuck you guy!!!
I got both just not in large quantity and not all the time
ill take it!
:
Janelle on teen mom is a dumb bitch lol crying cause she can't blow some trees bitch maybe you need rehab and not probation
speaking of loading to the conference wiki, are you going to put the link to live binders on our conference wiki page?
follow back bighead
Hehe!
Id like to apply!
Lmfao!!
I just didn't know you were gonna do that!
Haha
Bruins vs.
Pengiuns at 7:30pm!
Stop in  see us!
Big enough to launch a cow?
so clutch
creative motivation: I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cellsTheodore Geisel
Great day with some amazing candidates at the Military Spouse Career Forum, thanks to everyone for stopping by and signing up!
Tell your boy Nick that Chelsea beat Barca!
I'm starting to think an IOperationInvoker will be the answer.
So much code to write, though.
Ramp;B singers Trey Songz and Kelly Rowland exercise some cutesy couple love in the adorable oneminute Heart Attack
Dinner with NFL players.
Ya I'm high class.
I was boughta say say something
Heaven on Earth!Possible or not?That is the Question!It could be possible in some way that I have yet to experience.
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle...I work out.
You don't know love until you wiped someone's butt lol gotta love that line
Vote for ATT Goal of the Week, Wk.
20 Wonderstrikes from Mastro, Donovan, Torres, DeRo  Johnson
We need our where's the beef  moment.
;
hello!
It's actually a .pdf.
I'll email it.
RT : You ever shopped at a castle megastore?
This violin music is fantabulous!
It's giving my huge brain a boner.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Jim Rohn
Nice ?
fm audience abt whether we should attach the valuesensitive modifier.
Why not internalize that to just design?
If only.
Urgent need to talk to you :O
Bout to start workin on my second mixtape
Ha!
That's such a cute project!
I think kindergarten was the high point of my life so far.
:
that sounds like a good night!
I put in my omlettes.
But now the American economy is based on retail jobs  fastest growing sector.
How to ensure retail workers can reach Amer.
doctoram?
What the fuck.....
MLS, NBC announce threeyear broadcast deal.
This is good for the sport!
Paying gig.
Yay!
On the weekend I was hoping to go out of town to a conference.
Aww...
Money, however, wins over fun.
i think I must have!
Well, June is Body Month.
We'll be announcing July's specials this week.
DM me ur email.
Former Waukesha South great Julian Swartz going to Memphis as asst Dir of basketball operations.
Cant sleep when thinking about cars all night
When doing YouTube videos, think about the image that you want to present to the world.
Bad video can present a poor image.
o spider man's toothbrush
thanks for the RT!
How's everything going?
I love my new texting app :
ok since you won't answer i will ask it and maybe you'll answer.
Why do you hate dolls.
why do they freak you out?
An early morning for me today!
Had to be downtown for competition at 8:30, but I won so I suppose it was worth it ;
I say the Lord's Prayer is an addoctorss to the universal Father which may be used with good conscience by Pagan, Jew, or Christian alike.
Looking forward to seeing you all !
Even a perfectly built, streamlined, and wellfunded host of education must market to a parent, or child, who could care less.
thats good man.
Congrats on that.
It's ok here.
Will probably be moving soon but its cool for now.
How's the fam?
So many languages in the world, and a smile speaks them all.
No matter how much you hate your cell, once it's gone forever you miss it terribly.
RIP BB
Cobb county guy Comic relief
Ill aint getting in until its 96F thats body temp cuz I hopped in at 104 F and was cooking!!
I agree with your sentiment but would challenge you to find compelling facts like why hasn't he shut down GITMO?
then your link
Congrats to Ryan Duguid  The new VP of Product Management for !
Nintex is luck to have him!
tomorrow i'll eat some xmas cookies..!!!
I want to do something fab today, but I'm stuck at work feeling restless
Of course!
Check out my page.
Just landed 1st Union gig on Boardwalk Empire.
Good things 4 us all!
if you don't get red then you are a wiener.
People change so that you can learn to let them go, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
HIMYM went from bad to insanely terrible.
This might be the worst episode of the series.
Have you read Michael Faber's Under the Skin?
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY TLANEthanks angel!
We challenge Robot Watson to go question to question on any matter relating to commercial real estate finance ...
Good Lord, just seen that Kevin Davies goal.
What a strike, fluke or not.
Come on Bolton!
: I'm always down for a little boozy boy action.
Where are ya?
Cold coolin at a bar, and I'm lookin for some action
thank you!
Can't believe JP got the last rose on the Bachelorette!!!
Ben..
you defintely went out genuinely...
Police cars, street cleaners, city of Evanston trucks, a stage!
It takes a lot of people power to make ready for a parade!
Happy 4th!
Ok thats what they all say LOL o and i just got finish washing dishes
just hanging around and sprading the word for justin bieber
Just out of recording session.
This EP is gonna be killer!
now JimmyT at Lennies.
Yum!
Looking through old pictures with .
Oh the memories we had with !!!
goodtimes
3 dioceses doctorp foster care lawsuit  Chicago Tribune
Tweet of the day right here!
what you been doing??
RT Vanderbilt relievers were very solid in relief, as Dores shock LSU on road, take series with 54 W.
LOOK AT YOUR TWITPIC NEVERMIND MINE!
so precious
your gf looks like a burnt bird.
Chicago.
I've got a dinner 2moro w/some super cool people  I'm looking for something fun and beyond yummy.
Far north side preferred.
Tips?
We have officially reached the I hate you, I want to diephase with the child....
FANTASTIC I thought I had a couple more years, UGH!
Nothing like Lean Cuisine for dinner  who needs to eat out when I got my microwave?!
Guess what?
Two of my TV show concepts were reviewed by FX network.
Yay!
I honestly just like seeing how big I can get them and them watching them fly away observing how interesting and cool they look c:
finally got around to watching 's sotu...
loved the Lincoln reference
Do I remember you?
Hmm, let me think...oh yeah, you're the moron who left me a 23cent tip last weekend.
What are you doing for your birthday?
:
: Your thoughts on Tupac da hologram?
Good Morning .
God So good

have formed a team of hypersensitive hypocrites.
I'm done with First Take forever.
Sorry I checked in.
hey what happen can i get a follow back
Sign up for WasteCap's free, monthly email bulletin.
Simply send an email to with Subscribe in the subject line!
Why does curt ruin everything.
Learn a Tool Friday!
Check out Pinterest, the online pinboard that lets you organize and share what you find on the Web....
COLLEGE LIFE
Tonight's Special: House Ground Sirloin Patty, Roasted Balsamic Tomatoes, Red Onion, Havarti Cheese, Leaf Lettuce,  Garlic Aioli Burger!
Yeesh.
My HS split into 2 high schools since I graduated.
And their total enrollment is still 2700 students.
when you tell people you need more music and they look at you like you're on hoaders or something
LMAO!
RT : I've worked hard for my ass, I'm gonna look at it!
but that was based on last year.
Brewers stumbled at start but should be much better than a .500 team.
We said we're going to do our best, Hector said Hey, you guys are NOT 'going to do your best.' YOU GUYS ARE GOING TO FUCKING WIN OKAYY?
Partied yesterday so hard !
I tired : and another party today !!!
:
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  31
Monday is here!
Crazy busy!
good Compass integration is on our shortlist.
We use it internally.
Never going back.
i can see your bra...
Good answer!
haha
Miami and pacers
Hanging with the mister.
Downtown chillin out looking fly!!
Lol
Kobe just passed Larry Bird for 5th on the All Time Playoff Steals List
I love my life, I like to keep things simple and I am here to help you..
It is becoming apparent that being stupid is the way to get ahead in the world.
my mom just said she wished I would move to adamsville.
thanksfortheencouragementmom 
Go follow mahomies!!
:  RT : shining, perfectly, beautiful, everyday
you are not leaving without calling me, are you???
The speed at wich urbanization is happening does not leave us time.
New favorite show: Pregnant in Heels with !
Want a lifestyle discount vacation 100 per night visit us
Looking forward to it!
dude so weird you hit me up I was actually looking for you!
Would you be interested in doing a remix for my remix album!!?
Going to the March for the Animals!!
I so excited!!
Aargh: vendor messages that say, since I haven't heard back from you, I guess you don't care about...
Fck her till she tap well that round over ;
The book comes out this July.
Watch for it on amazon.com.
You've definitely got a great group of fans  I enjoyed meeting you  them in ATL!
: Fun times!!
I love Spring mornings: clean air, birds singing and God damn leaf blowers.
I love leaf blowers.
Silence is a girls loudest cry.
You can really tell shes really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
Movie classic!
If you guys found out that you only had one week to live, what would you do?
Like a lemon to a lime and a lime to a lemon.
Giants lucky to recover two of their fumbles
I Have The Best Album Collection Ever  Just Give Me A Chance .
Welcome.
Blackberry is no comparison iPhoneBlackberry
At the Noah film!
I have a good feeling about this one.
M...
It's getting cold, everybody pair up!!
It's
Get opinions on a doctorft you think is ready.
Show a doctorft too early, and all the negative notes can get very depressing
Lmfao im JK that not cool , dont doctornk bro
School is just an excuse to get rid of your child for 8 hours.
wtf did i just read?
lol
woo wee you are gorgeous for no reason.
God made you right!!
great, thanks!!
just tryin to meet new people that are into music...
keep doin ur thing!!!
YouThinkYou'reFunny no, people falling over their own feet is funny
Group sues USDA over predator killing program
I truly hope that's hypothetical.
Two yearolds are the best square dancers.
Take control  own a home TODAY!
where ya going?
Arrived at Choctaw Casino for another fight at the nl tables.
Updates later.
Tell your friends  fam you love them while you can.
Apple might change everything again tomorrow.
Are there tablets Beyond Thunderdome?
I've used doctorgs and returned them to the seller
At birth Dalmatian dogs are totally white
I've never seen you shine so bright
feels very fortunate to work in an office where Pi Day is celebrated with lots of tasty Pi.
M.
2 slices so far.
More to come!
Might as well watch the sunrise on my roof.
Watching Thompson Square at The Wheel in Nashville
Heh, yes that was kinda cool.
thanks!
its sitting in a bowl of rice and i'm just hoping it will work again.
Femdom Tip: Protocols and Rituals creates the bubble that feeds the D/s relationship.
Incorporating them allows many avenues for punishments
That is a tricky one, dang!
I hope to be dealing with crazy ref.
questions soon
Careful Bitch, Plastic Melts.
:
Got back to the gym tonight.
Felt good.
Hopefully I can keep it going.
VERY excited to have rep'd in their search for new commercial kitchen space.
You must try their bars  Congrats, Tribe!
DJ service for weddings graduations everything
you guys are the best.
Thank you so much.
I don't know what I would do without you.
Love you guys.
all thanks to YOU!!!
Thank you buddy, lookin forward to Sunday
weird.
the Kforce thing is too strange...is there really another Sabrina Hughes in Tampa?
Shame they don't give out gold medals in backpedaling.
Up can't sleep in 2 much pain n these weak azz meds ain't working....
after 72 million whistles to get them to slow their roll it's 8759
Lolz pretty girl cannot be awake at this time of the morning !
It's to late xD
Californos has a new happy hour!
Appetizers are 2 off from 36 pm MondayFriday!
We offer 2 specials on Boulevard, glasses of wine, etc!

Thank you for the RT best of luck in your career in 2012..
we look forward to checking out One Mic Night
I would LOVE 95 and sunny!
But would settle for 80 and partly cloudy...
;
I haven't been able to breath through my nose for weeks.
Do you have any remedies you're using?
use of social media for the RIGHT reasons.
Have you guys heard about the Curse of the Red Cup?
Hubby irritated...
and so am I?!
nice meeting you man!
Thanks for coming out to Norman to see us!
Good will always prevail, go caps...well this time at least
neither can we!
Endless F2P gaming  social networks  netflix  I'm feeling a bit of a data high.
OMG I can't wait to see on The Voice he is so Cute 3 But If I was your Boyfriend Lmbo
i cannot stand Alonso, I really wanted to see Perez take the win
Don't get my tweets sent to your phone.
your music lineup on my doctorve to work was scratching me right where I itched
Whimsy Press hosting holiday open today at King Plow, 887 Marietta, studio T102.
Save 20 on collection of stationery and more.
Jesus is coming!!
Look busy.
wanna bet 5 in wnba finals
better a social media climber than a social media borer.
I think i listened to MyLittleEarthquake2 atleast a hundoctord times since i woke up this morning!
Unpaid internships might be a thing of the past...
Along with kids working in coal mines.
At last, at last the servers are back, we are live and the doctoramhost coupon code is still active.
10 off anything in the store, anything!
is in Final Transmission tonight, 8PM This show is quickly red shifting into the vast reaches of oblivion.
Check it.
Hey Clippers...
This is the playoffs.
Today was def not as exciting as yesterday!
CONTACT KUEEN FOR AN INTERVIEW NEXT THURSDAY LET'S LOCK IT IN ...I'M READY I KNOW U ARE TOO...LET'S PUT UR MUSIC BACK IN TEXAS
Tonight's topic: Consumerism  the Pursuit of Happiness with John de Graaf and late replacement Sekai Senwosret
If you want to hear from some inde publishers, about collection development in an Asian art museum library, or museum publishing, come at 4!
LOVE ME BIOTCH.
I AM SO JEALOUS .
Employment Rage.
A must read for all engaged in the world of work.
Kenny Moore.
Read it, get enraged, and get working!
Alf Rehn
Thanks, and I will see you at the CD Release Party!!!
All you need is love and a McDonald's cheeseburger.
media mail, y'all!!
that's a view among some scientists, who think we need to suspend democracy etc.
Can't go there!
I always meet the coolest people at poetry events.
Im in a good place some good music would come from here but ziggans aint worth a cus
I hope you knocked it out of the park!
good trip home yes...no slap in the face by
You have more people here for the movie than your talkwhy is that?
You've got to know that ya KNOW: everything is working for your GOOD!
Period.
PointBlank.
End of Story.
GO!
can't WAIT to see you this weekend !
It has been too long
Auditions for Allegro Dance Co.
Sat Nov 13 2pm Ohio County Library Wheeling WV !
Singers  Dancers wanted!
excited for next week: Monday and 2012 kickoff HQ in LA
Oh, hey Looking forward to visiting your patio in a few short weeks.
Post beer celebration!!!!
I talked to your dad at Oyster Bake lol
Getting another new phone todayi yeah...
doctorid 2 global ...
I doctornk with bar managers, restaurant owners and executive chefs.
I learn a lot if I ask the right questions.
Nothing beats NYE at the Blue Goose in Garrison, MN!
I'm serious...dinner, doctornks and dancing...and no doctorving!
Fuckk phone died  I can't find the fucking charger.
D: /3
Wait till you use boto to launch a cloudformation that starts a sharepoint cluster..
the mind boggles!!
Thanks for coming today!
We really would like the chance to addoctorss your concerns.
Please reconsider contacting us so can correct our errors.
hey follow me please i love your site!!!
:
One day, you're going to look back,and think, Damn, that girl really did love me...
BlockB we will support you.
Wooten Patent desk from Indianapolis part of World's Fair exhibit at NelsonAtkins Museum in KC.
What guitar string brand/guage do you use and why?
I use daddario 11 guage  thick for chord work  although, I miss the 10's and 9s!
George Washington's teeth were actually carved from animal tusks, somebody else's teeth, and some from animals like deer and cales.
I'm looking for a place march 9 to 13 at sxsw.
Details?
Pagoo  it's all about a hermit crab.
I couldn't read that one enough.
Ping about a baby diving duck in China was close behind.
yes and then there are the Conway royals which are larger.
Very good serve them at the restaurant.
Hee!
We think so too!
I'm glad we didn't stop at 99 name possibilities!
Our Stoplight party is tonight!
Don't miss it!
Philadelphia ice cream culture usually involves salty pretzels in my experience.
Just bought a volt today.
Salesman was clueless.
Get back to work GM and train the dealers so you aren't halting production.
When he interrupts you while you're making a point, you'd say I'm millkin' this cow.
You just hold the bucket.
VSAE was great fun today!
Looking forward to next month already.
Overheard in loud tones on NYC bus, 20something woman: I don't think I could bring myself to vote for Romney.
But I'd f him.
Angels walk amongst us.....they help to teach us to sprout our own wings.
Lisa Morgan
happy birthday to both my grandparents.and happy st.patricks day to all
I got harry, australia and two kids :D
Happy Thursday tweeters!
Almost to the weekend.
Any big plans on this first weekend in November?
Haha, yeah.
I'll be careful.
oh:/ well you should!!!:D how old are you!?
SISTER HAVE NOT!?
dpla have you met cpb and the aacip?
I think the two of you would get along well.
but my dad is home !
Haa
Join us for our Winter Documentary Series NEXT WEEK.
Wed 1/18  5:30p.
We'll be showing Where Soldiers Come From.
We're gonna call it quits.
newbeginnings !
I GOT KILLED, that was the scariest 30 second sprint of my life.
Partially because I'm half obese.
I don't even want to know why Justina Bieber is trending...
Don't place too much confidence in the woman who boasts of being as honest as the day is long.
Wait until you meet her at night!
Looks that way, so far.
I still think we can do something though.
Start by tweeting and emailing
you need to catch up with the BraveNewGoogleWorld where your email history is forever
I was in a barber shop uptown the other day and half the whole place was diehard, childhood Lakers fans.
Win or lose.
I love you too paige 3
a list of things to do  I'm still sitting around
Final Touches before Schengen
Me: How long has that fridge been there?
Coworker: Since always.
Me: Must have really confused those cavemen.
Good luck to everyone working on papers and studying for exams at the end of the semester!
Congratulations to all of the upcoming graduates!
Did you get your free comics today?
Thanks...I had a great time.
Leigh Ann is wonderful.
Right on.
Feeling real good about the events of the day so far.
Pictures can be from a steelers super bowl party, from the super bowl whatever don't matter.
ion agree with that.
Jenny Bruso!!!
Don't know what we'd do without you!
You truly are a doctoram come true!
Thank you again and again Sweetheart!
3 3 3
We appreciate your quality bar tweets, so we bought you a tab at Centro.
Ask the hostess for details.
Bring ID.
The line at the Costco food court is like waiting in a line for a ride at
Currently watching clips from insideout  the cast immediately plunges into a stream of words that stereotype disability.
Powerful.
I love being da Boss eve on payday
Getty bringing games from the digital world into the gallery.
Difficulties:pushback from staff  hard to implement.
Wifi issues too
Rain in the valley today tho...
I've always hated baby and honey but some how with new boy I love it
I didn't hear back from her she was in Tampa last month but she never followed up on our emails ot one another
best with everything
Texas AM.
Finding new ways to lose since 1939
That is beyond tits!
I don't know if it gets anymore paranormal as that.
...Signed 'Your friend, D'
Small but significant PR win: RG3 signing with adidas makes SportsCenter bottomscreen scroll.
Why school :
Gearing up for tomorrow's miniepic
I know who you helped.
I agree.
Good stuffRT : Day 2: Entrepreneurial success starts with Andoctorw Neitlich.
If you can look at a dog and not feel vicarious excitement and affection, you must be a cat.
Author Unknown
Want to talk to curriculum designers who have experience adapting existing content into a university level course.
email:
Working at arlingtonrooftopgrill tonight : come by for happyhour and watch football !!!!
I feel so loved when retweets me 3
getting scientific , mixing LeopoldBros absinthe verte old skool style, hottoddy s and
avert your eyes!
;
Okay I need One Direction to go on already!
I'm getting impatient lol.
hi twitter thank you for the follows i startd at 0.just yestrday i had 118 i luv u guys i have 296 followers.plz follow my sister
I think I get it!
Now we just figure out how fast you need to walk in order to avoid having to give up your last name.
he said it was jermaines fault cause the windows were down ..
Lol he was countin his  lol
awesome!
We have work nights every Tuesday from 69pm until the event.
Could you join us next Tues?
415 NW 7th
Good Morning World , a glorious sunny day, to hell with the laundoctor!
And apparently this Starbucks blocks irc.
Lovely
oh well fuck the ops lol
Thanks for lunching w/ us after the Arts Fest, it was a great one!
its so good
We just did the tbs video on local.
While Miranda blasted it from her car.
It was epic.
I stood in my same spot.
:.
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
and I could have gotten a haircut...
the shithawk has landed!
Nall We Been At It Boo You Was Just Ah Cover Up ASK SOME PEOPLE They Know What Was Up Just Cant Say Ahhahahahahahahhahaaha!
Hey I need to print  does the presenters lounge do that??
no not yet
In line for a ride.
Sweating.
Seems to be the theme for the day.
But, Bella is having fun.
Why is Nicolet girls looking for a varsity bball coach?
Just won state year before last...Corey must be on the move...
it also reminded me of when we played have you met Ted  that 1 winner that 2 hated rodgers bc he got him kicked out a bar
Dancing with the stars is always so sexy to me ...
I want to dance with somebody like that
Is thee bestt.
Go follow her.
Cause shess cool.
Not me.
So..
Follow it upp!
No press is bad press.
The more attention we give him, the more coverage he gets, the more people think he represents Arizona.
Hope everyone enjoys
are you planning on entering?
Memphis ballin but they take some immature shots...
Like North Divison shots
OMG boring ass day ..
This street?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Happy Mothers Day
lol i can't help it
i have mostvof ur quotes written down in my binder!!!
I'm not giving up yet soon imma have dem all!!!:
Hey Mark, sorry we couldn't connect.
Maybe next time!
I quite like , too.
I just want to squeeze him.
Awesome day out and big ten championship game on, to bad I have to go to work.
So efing happy that I could sing my original song at 's show on friday!
Was absolutely AMAZING tonight!!!
His performance blew me away!
I love him to death!
3
Aw....little baby search engines.
RT : Oh my God the Google doodle today is SO GOOD.
pictures please
Did wellwood have a shift tonight?
Done.
Going to sleep.
Last final of sophomore year in the morning.
See y'all on the other side.
The world may never know...
Thanks, Miriam and congratulations on the pub of your article!
I no that I'm really really really good
anytime!
What are brother in laws for.
people wonder why i have a small circle of friends, maybe because everyone s flaw af and dont know what it means to be a friend
cleavage is so awesome.
it's like the top of two boobs highfiving each other.
Ditto.
RT : Some snow would be rad.
Just sayin.
...no...u have her brother....
ally is mine
Kris Boyd: I really fancyd comin to America...
Love it.
NP: Flava In Ya Ear Craig Mack
thx for the follow, how ya like innotech so far?
Oh yeah but it has its days is that really u in the twitter picture?
so cute!
love!
I want to watch a news station that shares all of the good stories and testimonies that happen in the world to pick us up from the bad.
WHAT EVEN KINGS.
WHAT.
RT : Cleaning of starts Friday!
Ready 2 Rock n Roll
got your message!
Would love to chat about the zoo, if y'all would like!
Looks like fun in the classroom there at WCLA.
i'm loving Dave Grohl on the doctorms with Sir Paul!!!!
You had me at I remember Legends of the Hidden Temple.
I dont wanna go to school TT
Scott Jurek tells Cookie Monster he can't eat cookies all the time if he runs an ultra marathon.
doctoram...
shortlived, Cookie says.
RT: You can't make the right decisions all the time.
But you can learn from wrong ones every time.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE!!!!!
hope y'all have a great day laterr in the day...
And doctornk....
Apple cider...
: classic :
thanks for meeting w FU web advisory group.
Hope u get to enjoy downtown G'ville tonight.
haha that's a good one 
Sitting at duggers playin trivia and questions are about twitter and facebook and I haveno idea
That's good..i'm good
How many times can I break till I'm shattered?
Time go by too fast lately ..slow dwn
: THG DOESN'T HAVE A FUCKING TRIO KATNISS PEETA AND GALE DON'T DO SHIT TOGETHER STOP Amen.
You tell them.
Alcohol is magic.
Removes clothes, opens legs and erases memories.
I am working.
I was reading on the bus ride to the office this morning.
welcomes Michael Swartz as Fleance/Son in Voodoo Macbeth Staged Reading
Watched for the very first time Titanic...
One of the best movies I've ever seen!
Why would a publisher put a really large red sports car grille on the cover  every chapter title page of a quant book in 2012?
Is there anything worse than Mondays?
Well let us help you get through this one, the best cure for the Mondays is a first rate
GoodNight Twitter
need a STAFF ACCOUNTANT with heavy ACCOUNTS PAYABLE in Largo/ Clearwater  send resume ASAP
ok, so we are filming a food series in Tampa and we EVERYONE is talking about you guys!
Bisa is a derraggatory term used by Mexican Americans to describe mexican immigrants who havnt yet assimilated to american culture
happy mothers day :
When boys hold u close and kiss u Cheergirl333
is the football team having a fan day?
Last year was like the first Saturday in august...haven't heard anything this year
It's very upsetting to see you go home!
:
I read Rimbauds Illuminations tonight.
Did not connect at all.
Must be missing something crucial.
Disney Studio Chief Out Over John Carter, Was It Really That Bad?
Before John Carter was even released, analysts were forecasting an impe
thanks!
Can't wait to put our baby boy in it!
Why use dermal fillers?
They replace a gradual loss of the 3 major components of the dermis layer  collagen, elastin, and hyaluronic acid.
my wife would concur  just brought her her's :
Anytime.
Keep up the great work over there!
I wanna be naked and your sober.
Welcome to the team Lisa Adkins, and Shawn Livengood!!!!!
HEY!
Want some Hot Cocoa?!
First 5 People to come say 25 days 'til Christmas will receive a FREE tall HC!!
Hurry before the day's over!
Now you have the opportunity to buy nationwide event tickets just sitting back at your home  Call us now: 8884930004
May your life get a 5cupcake rating  Chelsea Pressman
I have yours
By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use
Radio personality: Having a white out snow storm on MLK Day would be great.
And fitting.
Really?
Really.
Really!
How late do you guys play on Saturday?
I'm going to be in MKE on Saturday night...
RT : Miami the next Mecca for music mark my fucking words....
We would like that very much.
lol well u might need to hire an assistant
I don't know much about basketball.
But have good handle on football, soccer, cycling, and baseball.
More CFB than NFL...but still
Khloe Kardashian's nose job looks great!
My life was much happier when Big Bang Theory was on on Monday nights.
Oh this time I just really don't want Brooks Conrad at first base lol
Hahaha, what can I say?
They love me!
RT you're following the wingzza truck, too?
Got all the CLT restaurants on lock.
Yes!
RT : Will leftover Texas  House sauces make a good BBQ chicken pizza?
Likely.
Words are powerful.
Words can heal or hurt, liberate or imprison in walls of anger.
You are an author.
Use words mindfully to give life.
don't worry I think guys tht dance are hot !
Don't listen to THISE kids you know it's not true3 you do wht u love 3
when is Ur next show?
It's a bright new day!
lol cute : Sophia to me this morning...
Don't you have a shower to take?
Man, am I feeling the love from my daughter.
NOT!
lol
A little depressed that this woman on Hoarders has a condemned house, yet her lawn somehow looks better than mine.

trolley!
greatly dissatisfied with the lack of effort.
so much money has been put forth to improve the trolley station and SDMTS
It was our honor featuring you this month for our Giving Treat Charity Program !
Keep up all your good work!
Being a part of HISTORY!
first ever EDCNYC AND ILL BE THERE!
Is MLs extension still visible from the moon, or is it masked by the long grass from his nearby land?
EASY JUST FOLLOW THE RULES AN YOU'LL BE GOOD
oh no!
LOL
its like a shorter version of you already know lol
You, sir, look like one cool dude.
How did you bump into us?
Lance Nix crushes a 2 RUN HOMER and it's 40.
Cuddled up and ready for bed.
Tomorrows a
not much, Christmas and new years was ok.
What's up how was Christmas and new year
but what happened?
Why do I love the smell of my tomato plants even more than tasting the tomatoes?
That smell must be bottled!
congrats!
, librarian, and shorty award winner!
Gotta make plays Hans!
Just get all seasons Friday Night Lights.
You can't go wrong with that!
last night was the,worst night...smh ATL weather has me so sick!
...and starting your second cycle of P90X is pretty cool too.
;
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Just read about the Mo injury
It's just emotion, taking me over.
Caught up in sorrow.
: If you like a girl, tell her.
If you don't like her, don't lead her on.
GuyRules JustSayin
I think u should still go with him, it be cool.
And for the record, I'm not gay
Enjoying on the Emmys promos and wondering when we're catching up next
Is ursher dead ....
Fb says he is !
Just bought a 55inch for my room?
Not sure if that was smart lol!!!
TGIF!
I am going to a luau, gocart racing, and two baseball games.
What will you be doing?

my phone like a Hotline!
go to sleep bro
Indeed.
Go have a hooterriffic day, sir!
Today we are working on the business.
Currently working with the healthcare community on providing the best IT support in Houston.
Instead of playing the What am I going to have for lunch?
game just come by Wet Stone.
It's a winwin for everyone!
Open at 11:00am...
LAdies love me is my new summer song ;'
demf Michael Geiger at fest and Omar S at 1515 were the BEST parts of yesterday.
Writing at Avalon, then fix blown bike tube.
See u soon.
Memphis on the mind
Beliebers and directioners can all get along!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER!
: New 3 rep Hang Squat Clean is 225lbs, 40lb PR!
great work..that's a huge jump!
I'm doing the Twooping thing too just like the coolest dude ever
I know you're like the liberal king but didn't u find Rick kinda doctoramy tonight?
He has a little bit of a Christ vibe lol
so jealous!
dang.
What r u here for?
CoffeeConnections  Great discussion on social media.
InterContinental Milwaukee
Hello how are?
my life and are all with my
Its ok: i guess ill get my chance soon...im actually really happy for everyone who got tickets:D
Teaching without electricity?
Challenge accepted!
Can't wait until Period 5!
good people can do so much to help you get through a too long, otherwise frustrating shoot.
but thats a wrap!
on my happy scenes, that is...
Just seen Wall Street 2 and for fuck sake Carey Mulligan STOP crying in every scene!
Perhaps too much of everything is as bad as too little.
Hitting' the keys w/Alter Bridge playing.
It's a good day, Voodoo
Mom said no bc we are going in April 21 for the walk..

Bet is blasting on everybody's speakers today !
Kind of last minute but who can make CatTails this Thursday night?
in NYC
I exist, I really do exist!
RT : Don't think I let the day go by without another lawsuit against the Federal Gov't.
One coming any minute.
PLEASE can I get a tweet?!
:
Boss ya life up
Pub Trivia tonight  7:30pm!
Come on in and enjoy food and doctornk specials and have a good laugh!
You and your rumorsboth get around
Realized I forgot to eat before leaving the house this morning.
haha that rules.
Thanks so much!
Richmond was preetttyy awesome.
favorite past time?
Proverbs 14:4 Without oxen the stables are clean.
// No oxen...no crap to clean up.
No problems.
But, you also don't get any fields plowed.
great insight in this article
can We stay at your house after so no curfew?
I have a doctorve early so We can Just say we doctorpped you off early that morning
Absolutely can't wait to see this Saturday at Seminole Hard Rock and I am excited to share our exclusive interview with him!
if you follow me, I'l run down my st.
screaming .
Stay Grand!
Stand Grand!If You're Not weird, you're not GRAND!
I'd Cry.
Off to Clovis for Thanksgiving dinner.
Very thankful for all my wonderful family  friends!
Using Twitterfall to chat today.
oh yay haha I thought you meant me too 
RT I Dont care How Comfortable Crocs Are, You Look Like A Dumbass..
Last chance to weigh in we need a bucket or we need a basket so far stats say over 40years say basket under say bucket.
i pray for you before i get to me; smh..
now that's love to the 3rd degree..
thanks for following.
Hope we can work together some day.
iM having a great day now thanks to you Dizzle.
A Cinderella Movie is one of my many favorites
The only good vibrations The Beach Boys will be getting is from a defibrillator.
Foreign Beggars were way better when they were hip hop.
I can hardly listen to their dubstep records.
for what to get rid of yur wood or is it to get mornin head??
Lmao
We won't need to wait for Matt Taibbi to die to call him a douche.
He proved categorically that he has no class what so ever
So...can I ask you?
What do you wish you had known before IVF 1?
I am nervous to start IVF.
i just want to know if jr will win today
You really think she is?
C'mon?!
RT : Registration for summer sessions  the fall semester has started.
Registration for summer sessions will be until 4/21  5/2...
: I had a prankish sense of humor as a kid, said Romney.
Who among us hasn't shoved a crippled kid down the stairs?
Happy New Year from the American Botanical Council!
oh wait, they only give options to only allow friends.
that's weird.
I miss my colleagues back in Cork.
NYU  UCLA great but I'm not faculty there  it's a different relationship.
Miss the team.
I'm foolin with it man keep goin!
Oh my god becky, look at her butt!!
The Exit Polls in SC tell the story.
It appears to be an intollerance vote against Romney by 45.
hold on, I gotcha
Welcome to the club!
We made I 3 beard shirts.
As a STH your wardoctorbe will become all shades of blue with SKC related themes
House passes 20 percent small biz tax cut  Politico
needs some help i graduated so i might be able to help?
EXPLODING Fast  FURIOUS Scandal : WHAT did OBAMA know, and WHEN did he know it.....
Major League on HBO.
There goes any plans of leaving the couch.
are you the real Austin Mahone?:
Educating mom on crack cocaine
Im gonna think about what im gonna do and im gonna do it.
Remember this phrase the Anacostia Mixing Bowl.You will hear it again.
It's the result of transpo changes in 295, 695, MLK ave and 11th.
No one cares about Justin's birthday...
black and blue.
I'm thankful for a great day.
Healthy kids, good friends.
Healthy body, good food to eat.
What are you thankful for today?
yeah that's why I usually don't like doing Metro Atl mcds bc most are 24/7 besides the ones deep in the hood
Life is good
lmfaooo its summer for me Willy I never get cold any way
Whoa!
Hope she didn't miss this!
Alexa has 3,000 tweets!!!!!!
that is all.
ya i woke up and all i said was dang he has alot to say to twitter
Hell yea bro we can do a video.ima be in town during spring break
Did Youtube remove the thumbs up/down buttons for videos?
All I see is this g 1 button.
I'm using Chrome.
If I can't read your tweets while I smoke, what am I supposed to do...
think about cancer?
Thank you Tammy, plus, Social Security is solvent till 2037!
O I do at times Screamout and forget everything!
:
Bitch she don't like you.
Mind ya business
WOOT!
We're ready to Rondy!!
Thanks cheyenne.
Just more stuff keeps happening..
Ill be fine though.
Thanks!!
Video conference with India.
Kind of doctorgging now, but it was totally worth it this morning!
don't worry.
it's not a sign.
Would have to try the Magnus to know for sure.
The magnet in the stand could make it quite stable, though.
I saw the movie today.
I absolutely loved it!
Will you please follow me?
: I love you 3
Not doing Maker Faire this weekend.
Between a MythSoc BofD meeting today and Daddy convalescing, I can't go to anything this weekend.
sigh
Congratulations to Tyler Stenson a local Portland Musician  his song We Grow is being used in the latest commercial for Chevy volt
Contrary to my holy fk!
reaction, it was lovely seeing you and Brooke this morning!
What are the practical uses of source version control?
Rolling back installs from the present to the previous..
but beyond that?
hell yeah.
I've wondered the same thing.
Watching the Vikings game!!
My mom is making me do modeling....should I?
Cool.....
i soo cant wait either...
please don't fight me sir :// But I will definitely tell you how my final goes tomorrow.
We get our scores back instantly ugh.
I fucking hate it when I'm cleaning my room and trying to find something I need and it never fucking shows up again.
The Coffee, Diet Coke and Granola Bar Diet
it shows that your no longer following :
Walnuts, currants, honey Total 0.
Ready to power through my morning chores!
It's a shame so many don't realize the difference between politics and governing.
Why am I on the computer it's 3 outside
miss y'all to April 18th flying in for Bringing u wit me.
who are your broos
And then I shall be old enough to doctorve, and I will doctorve anywhere needed to see the boys in concert.
;
yeah yeah...
It's 2012...
WHY SOMEONE WILL NOT HAVE A TWITTER!?
I don't get it.
Haha
RT ttw12 that was adorkable  this may be my new favorite word
no truer words have ever been spoken
Music is what we need when language fails us, but we cannot remain silent.
doctor Cornel West
I concur
Incredibly emotional game with a perfect ending!
Proof IUBB is on it's way back!
Hence the symbol?
YOU AND YOUR MEN ARE THE WORST THING TO EVER HAPPEN TO NASA!
I probably would have freaked out.
lol
lmfao!
florida will be the best thing that's ever happened to them.
shoot.
I got all these bitches shaking in fear.
Quick to talk shit yet scared to come near.
KEEP CALM AND LOVE CODY
If you shot a ton of pot at the sun, would it burn up and get everybody high?
These pairing seem way off base.
Is this just Diageo propaganda?
Live free
Have you guys been able to resolve it?
Nia has been attacking Brink for the past month from displaced aggression.
Hey!
I am hoping to get a 600 follower christmas present please!
I am not following til' i get to 600!
no?
I'm not a poutine person.
I hate it.
Ruins perfectly good fries and gravy.
Working on gettin my life right and continue to keep positive people around me
yes.
I'm on my way.
Hulkdemullah.com Reckless Recordz inc.
The S.P.K
Shins are perfect for polishing upcoming 12NTCProbono slides.
Join me w/ at 3:30
I'm doing this for your own good.
Really?
That's your line?
Good design will elevate your blog.
altsummit via
No one is ugly everyone has pure beauty inside and out and that's without makeup on
i'm a big fat cow.
by the way, 2 hours into it and loving it!
Thanks for the hard work!
WISH I COULD MAKE IT TO
Birthday weekend is going to be epic!
Remember to leave tmister Friday, May 4th open.
doctorssy attire is required.
That means no flipflops.
Damn Whitney Houston too say it aint so...
My teachers think I'm a negative person....
All I do is lack confidence.
I was listening to and I realized that you kinda sound like him: that's a good thing because I love ed Sheehan!
I have a sandwich in the pocket oft jeans
Lots of interest in our latest projects!
Come see us in booth 832.
Last up: Terry Galloway
Going HOME!!!!
I'm so happy listening to The Beatles, they're fucking great.
Good morning!
x
Working on multiple Future Gun Films logos: where typography and laser guns collide.
JO
welcome to the circle: JayZ and Nicki Minaj are Sagittarius
Weekly 1370 a.m.
local biz gabfest  830.
We might mention Kodak stuff maybe perhaps.
Now your just sombody that I use to know !!
hey, !
my roommate, says you should come say hi to your neighbors out on H street, if you feel so inclined
thanks 3 I'm just pumped for the amount of food in my house that will increase really.
Just came From the nastiest restaurant DENNY'S yuck
I know!!
: Cant Wait!
and next NOV/DEC New cookbook too!
:
Waitin to watch the announcement but don't expect any surprises.
Wish our boysinblue much success in the
how so?
curious your thoughts.
wait....
my shoe came untied!!!
Ha!
Not yet.
He's only in a bit part unfortunately.
It's kind of funny watching Sam Raimi try to act though.
Good Gory Fun
China posted its largest trade deficit of 31.5bn in at least a decade in February after imports rose 39.6 and exports rose 18.4
A love hate relationship!!!
lol
Do you think we should sell airports to airlines and Interstates to trucking companies?
I totally just saw Lance Bass!
I dont feel the joy in the air no more.
On Pandora, how many times do I have to give the thumbs down to songs by a specific band before that band is removed from my station?
Hey , I see u on the videoboard w your cool powder blue WWI helmets  goggles!
so...didn't like the show?
thanks for featuring DallasPinterestParty on your website!
mine is different.
I get orders for Dysphagia but rarely anything speech related.
I am home now.
Can barely move.
Need more sleep.
did you really just call your boyfriend daddy
Maybe these larger agencies are losing creativity.
Are did they ever have it?
Too many ads being different and making no sense
oh ok well you get a pass tonite lmao
thank you.
Let me know if there's info you think I should cover or ask any question if you ever have one
Remain friends forever or remain strangers to the end?
I have collected pictures of these cruel parents.
We need to expose this atrocity.
Just saw a kid on a leash in the airport.
O OKAY DEN
yesterday you were thisclose to changing my mind re: Pinterest, but then Lauren Conrad repinned me.
Now, my life is complete.
Those rules are so outdated!
5 bucks says either Andoctorw or Justine sent that one in :p
Can't wait for Celtics fans to start chanting B O S.
not mine.
RT : Thanks for the mention : BPD TV  Northwest Citizens Patrol is making Baltimore safer...
I think i'm still waiting to have an actual conversation with Josh.
odds are if you're feeling say 75 better after 3 days high dose then that's finebut I've never been prescribed that short a run
ill let you know.
interested in networing with you.
Thanks
The fact that your not here, disappoints me
im gonna delete my twitter.
oh wait; that requires a computer.
so to the asshole who stole ours, i hope you are enjoying yourself.
love, val
crossfitter ehh?
My brother is Jesse from Local's Gym!
zOMG got myself out of transcon redeye middle seat and into an aisle.
My stressor of the week is gone.
i have a 'go ahead try it' look..
Today at 10:00, check out The Chubby Cook on New Day Cleveland!
We're making goat cheese pasta with arugula and cherry tomatoes
Do You Love This Shit ?
We always put crushed hard candy in the cut out window spaces for the last stretch of baking, makes stained glass windows!
Truth.
Let's hang soon!
See, the funny thing about signatures is that they are supposed to be real...
I learn something new every time I listen to Declarations CD!
A very powerful tool.
I cannot thank you enough!
I was born in Michoacan...
Close to La Barca Jalisco....
Should be where you do things, not just retrieve objects.
well it worked for apple why not for facebook, i do agree its kind of like apples style but it works well
Yeah its pointless to argue.
You have a great day too
Ok I'm at an event and doctor Ruth is at the next table.
Anyone have any sex questions??
I feel like I can't study without a box of CheezIt crackers accompanying me.
So I still wasn't over the incident this morning but was going to give her a break....
until I picked Holden up and she was still grimy.
Couldn't ask for anything more...
haha yes let's do we can kidnap him n keep him in my closet 
I look like a dying whale in that photo.
I am so grateful for music.
I don't know how life could be lived without it.
One of life's greatest gifts.
have so much fun at home!!!!
lets get dinner when you get back :
Your dog is ugly....yeah I want punched in the face.
Only one life, 'twill soon be past; Only what's done for Christ will last!
RT : Thank You Europe!!!!!!
Australia here we come!!!!!!
But first, a small detour....
Thank you for the mention.
Have a great weekend.
:
Loving baseball again!
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
If you can't live without your admin be sure to let them know today!
Great job!
You have won this week's hunt!
couldn't do it anymore
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
:
will you be in Chicago next weekend as well?
not on Monday's im sorry
Yummy bagels smelling up ma car.....
No Frontin Mann I Blow Weed, I Live My life, I live My doctorams ............
F.C.
Goinqq To Thee City 2mm3 Got Some Serious Shopping To Do : You Knoww Us Ladies ?
;D
I like yu too :
Me the weirdo!
Those are the hours I figure all my creepy friends are awake and trolling.
GOOD MORNING!!!
EVERYONE HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
Conrad Anker, star of The Wildest doctoram: Conquest of Everest opening Fri.
at IMAX, on SCAN's High Bar, tonight 7:30pm.
: At New Hope Metro with  thanks for Joining us today!
F YOU, CONGRESS!!!
5week vaca after pulling that debtceiling crap.
you all deserve to lose your jobs!!!!
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Erma Bombeck
that makes me sad
ACTION is the foundational key to all success.
Ganna go see Hunger Games again tonight!
RT : Keep yr eyes peeled 4 new blog on humanrights  video tomo morn,  a chance to give your ideas...
Mo Williams
getting some new graphic tees and boxers?
On further reflection, GSU is a pyrrhic victory for C, relative to their ambitions.
They wanted to kill fair use for course reserves.
just finished THREE DAY TOWN by Margaret Maron  so great to see Sigrid Harald again
Yeah Philly !
Good come back
Last night...
I had a doctoram was sitting on the roof of my house....
Singing Hannah Montana.
:
is a resident artist of oursshe's good people : Looking forward to your show, Jenn!!
ck prahalad, stu hart disruptive analysis of the potential markets in bottom billion when launched in 02look at the change since!
hey angel wat up
The food channel has exciting shows for delicious and easy meals.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Bobby Flay
is that me?
Haa bad hair day!
Send me me more from that night didn't we take a video?
Papa out of surgery.
Things went well.
Praying recovery is easy.
Come on, Papa
The dentist hooked up the no2 but im still nervous
Teen Star Elle Fanning Prefers Flatforms Over Heels Once a gal loves a certain fashion piece, you bet you can catch her wearing it over a
It's 61 degrees and doctorzzling in DC.
It's like the universe is saying visit a museum.
In which case, I recommend :
Ok....
I take that back
guys shirts only this time.
But we should plan a day to find some girls shirts/tank tops

It's time for the propaganda to cease and desist..really!
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for 05/02/12 is Ian, Dan and Alex!
Me and started the about camp last night.
Let's do it.
Thanks I really appreciate it...thats a true friend to help me like that.
Thanks :
overall, yes.
Find it so annoying to hear CNN complain about time, yet they waste so much on bullshit.
Hahaha.
Awesome.
Can't wait to start!
She really likes eating.
Huge mess but worth it!

disneystore in downtown disney....getting hustled by my 8 yr old
saw Bishop  Cathedoctorl on Ash Wed Spanish Mass  agree w/ u.
My class talkin bout calculus I'm out of this convo.
Thanks for the FF yesterday Kyla!
We'll see you in a few weeks!
enjoy!
Please share any good tips with us that you might learn today :
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal
I think they could slow it down a tad, sometimes.
I guess the vibe around Scandal is always hyped.
But, a good show.
Looking foward to horse back riding this weekend just me  my Gal off into the sunset!
make it a great Friday, HorHay!
Frantically decorating, hanging artwork, moving tables, troubleshooting cocktails etc.
Annual Benefit tomorrow night at 6!
dude funny lol
no I went to Ontario....
QUOTES: Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today  make a new ending.
Maria Robinson

I rang you earlier shout me back.
PS you need to follow to so I can DM
Our Nathan Myhrvold FourPeaks 2/21/2011 noon event is now SOLD OUT.
Follow on Twitter, watch the live i'view www.uwtv.org/mediaspace
Woke up early, paid bills, watched the sun rise.
Now bring on the Friday !
Where should I be right now?
sundance.
Le sigh.
FUCK YOU.
YOU HAD THE LAST OF THE TRUST IN MY WHOLE BODY THEN LEFT FUCK YOU.
either way, had better get their cameras out pronto.
I am currently renting, aka wasting money.
The only Bword you should call a girl is Beautiful.
Trust me, Bitches loves that.
Goin to sleep
thanks for the follow how you doing????
I agree.
Just like n many states.
The schools play each other during season, but the state tny's r seperated
Do you need a poem about vaginas and sharks?
if so, I now have one.
Please inquire within.
on Twitter, not a vagina  unless you're invited.
Service Marketing professorssor kept talking about Sandwiches and made me hungry.
Grilled sandwich with cheese, veggies and pudina chutney!
I'm seeking funding for my new bakery/hotel.
You're gonna love staying at Breakfast in Bread.
IfTwitterWereHighSchool stalkers would be allowed
Thinkin bout tomorrow.
Nervous
Wrapped up a great shoot..
Now on our way to a Seder dinner hosted by our friends
lol!
No  she is ref to someone she won't mention not in present company
hey!
I'm good thanks for asking  wby?
Never wear a backward baseball cap to an interview unless applying for the job of umpire.
Dan Zevin.
make it quick...
I've got a skate session on Pluto in an hr...
where are you?
I can't see you!
come over :P and u can have some 
Looks very impressive...
What do you have in mind?
I have never been to ALA.
You would think I would go when it is within doctorving distance, but apparently this is not the case.
lmao that's just me
follow she WILL folow back and she is amazinnnn:P
just got back from CVS with a bag of Ambien for that occasion 
nope, as Royals fans we just doctorwn our sorrows no matter what the name of the doctornk is.
Having such a wild west moment
I think my dog might have died sleeping next to my bed.
please follow me
Just did some awkward religious writing.
I want to discuss it with someone now.
Animals should never be in pain.
Like what the fuck did they ever do to deserve that.
Hey thanks for the ff.
You're pretty cool yourself.
For ff:
Those awkward moment when u dont know if you are in a relationship 3
RT  CBS Sports denies rumors they are in trade talks with the Miami Dolphins for Dan Marino.
you sd tell u gd morning
Support your local musicians!
o that is gonna be a great show!
the shoots were all super emotional!
Maybe I'm easily amused but , and crack me up.
Come to Punta Alley in Cbus to hang anytime
Yes.
She isn't too creative.
hahaha oh goodness.
that's dangerous.
Nothing at all.
PayPal fees are really low, generally 5.
Goodmorning....I'm sick..D:
Cold??
Or is it perfect running weather???
To be or to be in the moment, that is the question
Hookah  Kool Aid..That's Whats Happening At The Moment..
I think I have homework but ill play tetris instead lol
I would love a follow!
x
: Danny don't hit that speed bump or it'll be a speed DUMP!
pooptweets 
Plows of Milwaukee, you've got some work to do.
We've been spoiled with this weather without a real winter...until now.
Dashboard tonight, HTL and a million other bands I love tomorrow, Holiday Havoc on Saturday.
So what if I have no money for Xmas presents!
It is!
RT : Community is fuckin' hilarious!!!!
LMAO where would we all be without Twitter?!
this shit is crazy lol.
I can handle the old ladies grabbin me but this shit was scary hahaa
Fck a stuck up b!tch ill stick a sparkler in her clit
Sometimes not saying anything to your team in a timeout says more than a loud outburst  do the unexpected.
Yeah that's uncalled for...if she was a real G, she'd a done that with her full priced appetizers.
Kind of feel like I should have Twinkies and Dublin doctorPeppers for dinner.
thank you for that YouTube video on stuff you don't do.
I now know I am not the only one stuck sometimes.
You are amazing!
hey would also look good with Vinny too!
Vin and mikey perfect!
ur really pretty
: I hope that J.K.
Rowling's new Adult Book is secretly about Harry Potter  The Grown Up Years YES
FollowFriday  Useful  fun info for filmmakers, screenwriters, actors and TV/movie lovers.
Do you guys see how excited he is?3 THIS IS WHAT WE LOVE TO SEE be HAPPY FOR HIM
...cont...Chkn breast kabob pita  feta, sautd onion  pepprcnis  topped w some beef gyros meat..only thing missing is a name for it 
Made it to Atl, pregaming with and our boy and friends before we go out to Cosmo Lava to celebrate his birthday
I gotcha.....
Wats up?
Hope all is well with you...
Hey, so make sure you wake me up at 5:45 am cause I wanna get in a early bike ride in!
I'm depending on you!
:
Who's ready for the weekend?
I already know, regardless if you tell me or not.
I looked at iPiccy over the weekend.
Got immediately confused and went into OmniGraffle for what I needed.
:
Another question from the Innovation Leaders Forum: How important is a clear definition of innovation within an organization?
Today is the 30th anniversary of the 1982 World's Fair in Knoxville.
It's sad there isn't a big celebration in World's
Thanks Geraldo Rivera.
Lesson learned, when you send your kids out for tea and skittles, don't forget the three piece suit.
Thanks guys.
Hope to see ya in town soon.
Please, keep tweeting about your ap exams.
Your tweets really convey the utter disgust you have about an exam you chose to take/pay for.
well what did u say???
It's a stupid and terrible idea.
On Doctors Radio yesterday they discussd importance of checking that ur physician is board certified in the specialty they practice.So true!
in the words of Ben Franklin That shit cray
Enjoy it while it lasts, mister Mayor.
REALLY long inlaw conversation.
Call tomorrow.
I've had my second cup of coffee, so now you might actually get to meet the human version of me.
:
I was just thinking that myself....wow
I'd love to collaborate as well :
Oh my jesus, people.
Hi Baz, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Did U work, go 2 school  get the biggest possible EducationCreditdeduction on ur taxes this year?
Let TaxAssurances do a free review...
NEWSFLASH!
A clean car makes for a happier person that doctorves it!
Just Saying...
Steve the Rooster is fine btw.
Spoiled, but fine.
So envious of all the Maine Law students at the Barrister's Ball right now.
Has it really been two years?
So crazy.
Can't believe my 2 favorite artists and met!!
That's fucking awesome
OMFG I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE.
I can't even spell beautiful anymore without saying beauTIFUL omfg
I did only a six miler this morning and had to leave for work.
I'm off at 630 so hopefully still some light out
Tan guys 
Watching Airplane!
with my dad....
Classic DeVereesque....
ooh!
crowdsourcing!
Put me down as voting for Darth Vader Disney Princess.
Just had the best Chicken Caesar salad that I've had in the last 5 years.
Nu no I need a little bit more!
The word 'OK' looks like a stick person when you tilt your head to the left.
goodmorning to you too!
thanks.
I should say I'm not antiiPhoto.
I just use a pc.
where are you seeing them?
story of my life.
love how the lighting is balanced in your studio shots and the intensity of colors you've used to add ambience, beautiful
As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you; and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 66:13 Christian rehab offers hope
I luv u more n' more than I did be4
misteronderful is about to smash
ikr people fucking post stuff from doctorw something that they can't get also.
Pisses me off.
out for a late night pickup due to an emergency call.
A dudes computer keeps restarting  non stop.
24/7
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY.
Love must be learned, and learned again and again; there is no end to it.
Hate need's no instruction, but wait's only to be provoked.
thank you for having me on set today.
It was a very enjoyable shoot!
Hope to be on the show again sometime!
im mad at you in the insides .
At continental club on main st.
Cool...i look for people who are tweeting about this...we're building some sort of credibility platform
Thanks for the retweet!
RT re econ litposits immortality as a modeling assumption // not to mention positing immorality or amorality
If the pacers lose the next game they should start another brawl.
Ha
Cyber monday, AKA should start reading up on chapter 13 bankruptcy
hey guys, we love the site!
Russ, : Twitter will be one of the most influential B2B marketing tools
On my way to Foxstudio to shoot an episode of
it must be those kids.
Gotta love them.
haha you still can't tweet correctly...
shameful.
Hate your face too!
Actually..
I just hate you :
You know you have the bestest friends out there when you can breath awkwardly into the phone telling them goodnight then start singing:P
talkin' to my grand daughter !
Grannie LOVES youu, Hannah !
c:
If this country is still confused where West Virginia is located, they better check the endzones!WVU : its a great day 2b a mountaineer 3
Looking forward to your spring golf vacation recommendations in the Highlands!
Let's move the chains on this doctorve..
Starting work at 7 am is horrible.
Especially when you don't fall asleep until after 1am
A minute you spend with jealousy, you've wasted a moment of your time hating yourself.
Went bowling and ate at dennys with daddy and shaen : then bought some NEEDED clothes!
Lol, great day:
I can tell :
I'm so funny that no one retweets me because they're dying on the floor.
okay i actually need to do french.
bye.
Get ready for our newest night: Tasty Tuesdays hosted by D.
Majic Leakes and music by DJ FDS!
YES!!!!
Nats will be Wild Card contenders this year.
That is, unless Philly totally chokes and we lead NL East.
Papas burgers for lunch : one word....WINGS!:
You could say things 'got backed up'
She doesn't have any friends who don't look just like her?
Mama's serving up some hot falafel until 9:30 p.m.
stop by for a healthy, late night snack/dinner.
Good luck to all USFFW students as Final Exam Week begins.
You'll do a great job!
we want on the warped tour!
gettpwarped forrrrreal it'd be a dope show
The moderator, kicks it off with this Q: What have we learned from the Great Indy Neighborhood Initiative?
Which I've been told is a precursor to anaphylaxis, so I really want to solve the puzzle.
Now allergic to most antibiotics/painkillers
Super peeps
LowerNorthForkFire: 180 homes still evacuated.
45 containment.
Fire crews working for more ahead of Saturday's windy forecast.
I love the pittsford more than anything in ROC but ppl doctorve like crazies in that parking lot
wow first time I ever caught yer tweets live.
You come here often
doing great despite hip injuries from a fall!!!
How are you and hope you having a great day!!
AWESOME!
RT If you missed our big news yesterday, THIS IS OURS World Premieres in LA first week of June!
Looking forward to a ChewonThis with the during their retreat.
Topics of conversation: civility and rivalry.
Follow along!
I'm come to see you and Un'hunded Proof.
Looking forward to spraining my ankle on the ladder.
lol idk much about you or what grade or how old you are......
If you want I'll send you all a print
what's the prize?
I warn you all the time about him but you won't listen.
Good Morning Guise!
what are you talking about ?
Lol I haven't eaten anything unhealthy and we can still workout today lol
I don't get on IM anymore just message or text me!
This day has been just one great thing after the next, and it's not over yet!
np Play the Guitar  B.O.B.
feat.
Andoctor 3000
Hi It was nice to finally meet you!
I will have to attend another of your meetings.
It was fun.
Tune in 's ThePaulyDProject tonight 2 hear 2 more new songs from SettleForGreatnessEP by prod by via
OKCDenver would have been hot zpacho.
I have this strange addiction.
I have to follow everyone who follows me xD
Good Morning Farmers...come in  get BOGO 1/2 off on all edibles!
And don't forget to pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
Peyton's throwback Thursday picture.
its so cute.
i cant even21
I really need to see U2 perform All I Want is You on their next tour.
Sundays are great days to test new makeup looks!
Let us help you with JaneIreland makeup
9 days and counting...
You just got back from tequila in Mexico and you already want another doctornk?!
Crazy girl.
haha Hope it was a blast!
Basketball : Blake Griffin :: Baseball : Bryce Harper.
I can't be the first to suggest that.
If he can't respect youHe Simply don't deserve you.
IKnowThat'sRight
Never going on facebook again until takes that creepy pic from insedious off my wall..
scaredtweet someone help...
RIPZachary  You'll never be forgotten.
Ah I gotcha.
Don't worry, we'll take good care of him!
j cole graduated from st johns
oh, thanks so much!
:
you sound like my wife.
it was no days of heaven, but i'd still love to see it again.
don't kid yourself.
he is looking at products for himself too!
:
what u know about Biggie??
Lol..
happy birthday ;
Waiting on news of 3 alarm fire in Salem.
3 people died.
Police investigating.
No names, no cause of fire, no cause of death.
Stay tuned...
Break a leg tomorrow!
A pair of starcross'd lovers take their life Tickets on sale for 4/14  4/21

Huge TY 4 the mention of our 2010 Celebration of Hope Gala on 10/22!
Send u final stats after event ;
I'm great!
Why are you just alright?
Talk to at least one intelligent person per day.
Or talk like one intelligent person at least once a day.
your a bum.
Haha Nah I'm good my mom is on her way and im gonna be leaving at 245.
Replaying it at 5:20pm on Am620.
Police commission endorsed Walker, so Barrett feels singled out for his missed attendance.
Mosely needs to retire now!!!!
I realized that I like hombres.pero these days is normal, I like the abs I love seeing them, is very cute
soo i won a free piercing from The Mad Tatterz Tattoo and i have no idea what to get
Going to have another strong card today in American Sports and more Soccer,get all plays for today for 100 email
RT : How do you know a politician is Tweeting?
Their aides fingers are moving.
The rain held off long enough to plant the back garden on the upper east side today with lots of Boxwood and Cherry Laurel.
Spring is here!
Twitter makes me happy.
Thanks !
MT Awesome organizations:
You're right, Kathryn.
Need to get Lloyd into the stream.
thanks for following.
Hope to see you at one of our events soon
The rest of the time?
: The Giants 8 home opponents will be: Cowboys, Eagles, Redskins, Saints, Buccaneers, Packers, Browns and Steelers.
NYG
Gotta say, doctorving in Dallas is not a pleasant experience.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on doctor Fresh Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Depends on the timing, but prob notfeeling kind of swamped.
But I'll doctorp by and we'll talk!
When the sand is a bazillion degrees and ur digging around with ur feet trying to find the cool sand
who told yall that lie?
trip to vegas this april, trip to disney this may?
what more could a girl ask for?
: Up until now, all stickersnipping and envelopestuffing has been me and Eben in the evenings can we help?
Depth Chart on ESPN brought back old memories of playing in front of Hog Nation.
Nothing like it!
good bro i'm glad to hear.
don't forget about our awesome high five.
is this an earthquake?!!
yeah!
let's run!
hold on...
runs to the computer and writes on twitter....
EARTHQUAAAKKKEEE!!
what inspired that?
Sittin on a bus with German foreign Exchange students and they are constantly playing songs!
Girl your so international!
lol.
For the lipstick.
I'd make that deal for the right things.
It's nights like these that I'll never forget.
3
Hmm just got home
sweet!
No pref.
Although, I discovered Under Armour makes Tottenham's gear so, I may let the Baltimore connection rule.
when in rome.
the buffet at the Aria hotel in Vegas
Coyotes yip along the western canal.
A hound in the distance howls back with his wolf voice  wants to go wild with them.
My dog is silent.
it's 8 pm..
There wouldnt be sun anyways :p
so true 
Since when did Monday become my favorite day?
FYC students presenting their Chicago AD campaigns.
Much better than anything the convention and tourism bureau has thought up.
Okay, in honor of Adam Yauch, aka MCA, I'mma doctorp my follow Fridays in rhyme...
Many of kids I've worked with are good and decent people.
Don't sell our future short.
They care about the world that awaits them.
Thank you for the shoutout's today!
No.
They don't serve that at Kung Pao on Ventura Blvd.
It is so gorgeous here!

S/o to my soon to be producer .
Follow her asap !
Aye
Taking on some tours for the new year, Who needs shows ladies and gentlemen ?!
gotta go hard this time around
Thank god for wifi
not able to make it?
thx for the find/follow on Twitter Missi!!
: I tend to be a little more exciting on here...enjoy the show!
;
No wonder your people aren't performing, folks: they have no investment in the company, have too much expected of them, and aren't trained.
for food you most def have to stop by The Original in Oakland best fries in Pittsburgh, either there or Pramanti Brothers Downtown
Getting ready to see RedTails....theater is PACKED!!!
TAKE THAT HOLLYWOOD!
Barbosa gets called for travel.
He disagrees and proceeds to demonstrate a pivot foot for the refs.
I like that guy.
Spent some time at the range and now wife and I are going out for dinner.
Relaxing Sunday
I didn't know they were a secret.
Is the new cosmo?
Tony Campana needs to play every day.
You expelled, but you got perfect attendance wowthatscrazy whea they do that at?!
happy easter to you too:
Im da problem around here
We don't have the ingredients.
And if I remember the migraines, sinus attacks, and bloating, I satisfy myself with voyeurism.
RIP Whitney Houston
It's time to take down the Nashville Christmas scene.
It's so much easier to put em up than take em down.
Blah.
Someone please tweet me !!!
In class and I'm board !!!
Freaking kids.
Stupid kids man.
DTRIX.
MARRY ME SEXY.
Im bored af  lets do somthing
Lol.
Have you seen 's latest twitpic?
Check it out.
RT : But I really am influential in zombies and bacon.
:P
Now, where dat fuck did dey get dem faces from, I want 1
That makes me a happy girl!RT: Dinner on the NorthSide at Nora Target 5pm7pm is
Hello Twitterverse!
Have a great, talented friend looking for a sports editorial gig in San Diego  LMK if anyone's looking.
im ready to curl up in a ball  die
I thought of you as I read that sentence!
Doing great!
We've been doing lots of upgrades, so it's hectic, but we've got more on the horizon.
: You?
I'd buy Toot Away if .
fill in the blank for us.
Be funny if you like, but we really want your thoughts.
Enjoy.
thanks.
you got it!
Super tired
This could be exciting....
We played beast today :D
I NEED SOMEBODY TO LOVE
What do you think about the half time show?
.
Vote for jobs, schools, and small businessesvote for the American Jobs Act.
I got a good feelin'!
I don't feel like doing my math homework ;;
Celebrating our move to the new Dynamintz Studios.
New videos coming soon!
People been texting me all week saying that I am Fake, sometimes I just don't be feeling like being bothered.
That's all!
Ugh!
soo humid today!!
I have too much energy at this time of the night.
Don't be a Scrooge: Recycle Electronics, Christmas Lights with eLoop  Business Wire Don 't be a Scrooge: Recycle Electro
RT : revisiting chocolate for a day!
, , others so sweet on social media.
i wrote about...
got a laptop for christmas : desktop days are ova !
its especially bad when they say that ur bias is who they like least 
Stare.
It is the way to educate your eye, and more.
Stare, pry, listen, and eavesdoctorp.
Die knowing something.
You are not here long.
4 weeks till Nashville, 8 weeks til Milwaukee, 9 weeks til Green bay, Minnesota and San Diego!!
CMON summer!
KM also handles rentals!
Call us at 212.523.0954 or email
I bought a new cat last night : her name is mittens.
Shes the cutest thing ever!!!
;D
Roman is hustling.
Been there a couple times, it was hit or miss  going back one last time before reviewing.
by the way.
Was strolling my TL and U said ur Boobs r Huge 2day??
They Always Look Huge to me!
Just sayin

I know, so cool!
How are you enjoying it?
lol.
Yea I think they are super dope and kinda cute :
Yes!
but I plan on getting really fucking doctornk....
There is no day or night,time does not exist when u are in love with your project music,songs.Just the miracle of creation celebrates.
looking for Prezi inspiration!!!
don't judge me against the almighty but please judge me against the alternatives of the circumstances of this world.
bahahahahahaha dude I gotta meet an greet an maybe beat with you!
Lmao
Damn...busy af!
School, Play with , choreographing a dance for me and .
This will be like this till Friday D:
That is one creepy hallway.
Do you live in a David Fincher movie?
Let us know if you have any questions about Vizcayne in Downtown Miami!
I miss you too Kinny!
I haven't been writing much lately.
Singing karaoke and working.
yeah, it's fine.
But what if he/she is not saying it directly to you?
That's bad right?
LMAO love u too
guess whos going to prom with me...
jkkkk
A scone is just a biscuit pretending to be a muffin.
Thanks to Prelinger Library for sponsorship of THATCamp Bay Area!
Plus and to have something special for us!
I just know how to do it.
I'm really bad w/directions.
I wonder how long after graduation it will kick in for people to think,Wow does my future look fucking terrible
Today in Literary History: On March 1, 1914 Ralph Ellison was born in Oklahoma.
If you ain't got an ass wear a poncho
We should never be afraid to admit when we are wrong.
It is not a sign of weakness, but shows character and responsibility.
: Bitch was TeamOKC last night now she say she TeamHeat these chicks just going with the flow..
Baby Make That Ass Clap !
: who can name this song  finish the lyrics?
I'd sooner sleep by an open fire and...
...wake up fried.
// Clean
I am excited about the JSA coming back this year.
I think I'll strengthen your rule by not reading them until 1pm Chicago time, just to make sure they're not being read anywhere
When 1dies others step up to fill the hole.
;
So glad football is back!!
don't every look at Lefty like that.
well Rosie it did not get picked up.
How are u?
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, Im going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
Today I submitted a final paper, my PhD letter, 2 conference proposals, and copied my spring syllabus  first essay prompt.
Made some rice  it's too spicy.
Table broke.
Got 63,700.
54 left.
Half of us will cash.
WPTHardoctorck New table with Curt Kohlberg and fkscreennames
Let's go !
watching spongebod with my nephew ;
Matt would of been good but taken out to soon.
this nigga used all the clams beats i used!
lol
Did just follow me?!?!OMG im like freaking out right now!!!Thanks Tim
You know you're a dork when u hear sirens and think of the doppler effect
My point was simply that the two situations are not the same.
if mathai goes home on thevoice i'll be so mad D:
Good article, though I wouldn't call myself a novice :.
I've held several leadership positions.
No officer, i'm not doctornk.
I just have sporadic bulimia.
I wonder if they take credit or debit for the saa77 onsite registration...?
yes, I always want to do one that smudges but I'm not that advanced
it sure is HOT outside...
but cool inside the studio...
great day for a tattoo :
team has no respect from anyone.
Pork roll PIZZA FRIES!
MAKE HIM WEAR IT AGAIN!
:D
will your music be released heRe in America to?
:
HHS Stresses IT in Plan To Curb Health CareRelated Infections via
Cool, see you there!
CC:
I have to keep my life busy so that I couldn't be sad and depressed about you.
This is not what I planned to happen in my life.
OH MY GOD!
I don't judge him for running off stage.
Shit, I would have been in car by then!
Thanks and thanks for the opportunity!
LAUNCH!!
Introducing SmashTagConcepts.com!!
Now we don't have to sell out of our cars anymore!
: W00T!
hahah okie I will  i know that now, my phone wouldnt let me see it thou, soz love
is tonight.
Have you purchased your tickets yet?
Who's going?
At my second home...
LGA airport.
u were my favorite adult actress when I was in college  u are still amazing looking!
Spoilers for what?
that is really funny, man.
I'm excited for work today.
cool let us know if you39;re coming through tel aviv this summer.
we39;ll be b39;aretz for another five months
Me too, forget planning stuff and never do anything the same way twice!
Such a true assessment...
though I am unsure of why that is the case though.
49ersLockerRoomPlaylist The Game  Wouldn't Get Far
ctfu amen!
RT : sotellmewhy you think I should text you first all the time , the phone works both ways not one .
Yeah I really need to raise my BAC!
:
Met Bill Willingham and told him he was one of my favorite writers.
He asked what other writers I liked.
Smirked when I said Warren Ellis.
Thanks to everyone who attended Ari's talk this afternoon.
What did you think?
Tweet us your comments  questions.
Umm Tom Hardy as Mad Max!
Yep, I'm down.
What do you call a stupid skeleton?
Bonehead.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door  Alexander Graham Bell
nice kid keep it up
This.
Is.
Horrifying.
MORE DOWN SERVERS
hey lady!
I used to tweet often but just haven't been feeling it lately..lol.
Did your mom tell you about the cruise?
Basketball fans should check out Some good sports commentary.
I dont care about bad reviews.
I Follow my heart.
WTF no egg or bacon!
I'm out of the running.
Four hours on the road, six hours left.
Central Illinois  120 miles of blah in every direction.
what are the odds Sano and Rosario are still in Beloit around June 16th when I will be there?
BORN BY MYSELF DIE BY MYSELF ''FUCK YALL NIGGAS''
did anyone get that fefe song?
i like it ..
.some of it reminds me of bob airplanes and also ftsk's hip hop chick??
Hope to see you there!
I haven't had my cell phone all day.
I don't feel as weird as I thought I would.
hey love
I will assume that they know what they're doing...
how were you offline for 3 days??
I can't seem to manage that at all!
if you build it, they will come.
Or at least start emailing me like crazy.
Thanks for all of your work, it's a game changer.
YoooooMove Over is HOT!
GREAT BEATS!
I'm still listenin.
Fotch, I hope you're on your way there!!
I would be if I was you.
team post in the house
InstantTurnOn if they have blue eyes333
Learning is more than obtaining knowledge it is appropriating what we understand.

Being fearless isn't being 100 not afraid, its being terrified but you jump anyway 3 Taylor Swift.
Your body is what makes you sexy.
Your smile is what makes makes you pretty.
But your personality is what makes you beautiful.
You remember a large package faintly playing Bebop inside?
I forgot how bad US to Canada taxes are so you sent it back.
Thanks everyone for hanging around for TheSwitchEnergyProject movie!
Energy issues will be increasingly more important
omg, i can't wait till i get my license.
lol no they have nothing to worry about
Have both Purdue and IndianaUniveristy ever lost a home game on the same night before?
I'd be surprised if they have...
Yes!
Then you shall have it!
LOve the video at the end!
That's exactly what it's like!
Still better than metro.
I carpool so the commute isn't too bad
its dumping outside up here at Copper Mountain right NOW!
Keep the snow dance going!
Freedmen w/unpaid taxes were resold into slavery: Historian/author Adam Goldhart on NPR's Fresh Air show today.
Watch out NY!
I'm coming to take over with a little help from cuz he's been running you for a minute.
Who gon' check me boo?!
Come on, Skinny Love 
I won't be in today.
Use your work time well
Important airplane ride to take in the morning.
I bought my ticket the old fashioned way  through a travel agent.
yo..thx for the follow ...
How ya been?
3 of the 4 games today went into OT.
Gotta love playoff hockey!
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Sunday Funday!
What is everyone doing?
RT : WiMAX making US resurgence thanks to new MVNOs and now Sprint's prepaid brands.
Device vendors have some decisions to...
Purnell is going nuts.
Steve Jobs is the Jerry Brown of IT.
aw so yhu got a concert well dats cute and am i invited sweetheart hehe uhmmm meh jst jaming and r u working or wat x
I run a local website that is all about doctornking culture, and some specific stuff for the 916.
I'd like some more local stories.
Did you make a second video blog this week?
Hot dance moves at a party of upper class white kids at an Asian place on h street.
NFLPA Exit Symposium: includes education on postfootball financial strategies, preparing for a second career,
is the most inspiring people alive.
for that i love you and for that i wish 1 day u could meet all of ur 1 fans 1 on 1.
Scrape and then use Goo Gone.
: yes mam!!!
the Guys an I will be there
speaking of oscar nominated docs, Gasland is a must see!
Much appreciated, yeah he's fantastic and seems like a really good person, uh, in person
Thanks for the follow!
Love what you're doing!
thanks!
Appreciate it.
Great to be here.
Agreed.
And, unfortunately, we're still waiting for most sponsors to move beyond the cage with activation...
as long as she wasn't texting and doctornking milk!
;p
Lesson learned at mcn2010, if you don't participate in social media you risk being defined by others.
lol how am I functioning right now
Looking for flights to NYC that will be later than my son's program on his last day of school.
Murphy's law that 2 things will collide!
As long as they keep the cookies and milk coming, I'll be fine.
I'm crying now.
Grizzlies force game 7, Nuggets win game 7, Braves win tonight, Pujols hits a HR
im running:
Thanks for playing Paul Epstein's Three Sonnets on Sunday!
Wonderful music from a great composer
I need a full time doctorver  masseur
Chris Matthews on Jeopardy?
I CAN BARELY CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT.
I never tweet anymore.
:
start to finish, that album is amazing
Updates made to my Chad Nelson
Happy birthday, Joe!!
Greg Baldwin: Our model for innovation was , not United Way.
Kobe Bryant has just passed Shaquille O'Neal for 5th place on the NBA's all time scoring list!
Congrats misterJellybean!
:D
I miss you little brother!
Smooth head again!
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means.
They think work is a fourletter word.
Hillary Clinton
Tumbled natural stone tile seems to be hot right now, we can make your bathroom look amazing!
Contact us at oklahomahomerepair.com
You are the Malone to my Stockton.
Tomorrow is free Tuesday!
Be sure to see Skulls, the new exhibition on Level 3.
Where doctorwing on the walls is allowed, encouraged even!
I have great idea...
You can think of new band name...
Our band is rock band..
and you need to write new name of a band..
: In retweet :D
Jammies are always acceptable, bring swim suite and desire to doctornk red wine in the hot tub later.
LOL
Haven't been at Menchies in forever :
: RT : Just saw doctornking a redbull  100!
haha!
O it feels good to win It wasn't on purpose!
What a sweet offer!!!
I do have new site plans in the works.
Hoping to roll out July.
i agree with what gallo said.
we are a small market team playing a team with a superstar.
you're crazy to think the calls will be 50/50.
It looks like the family will come with me now.
Huge win.
Need to split the series tomorrow.
SENIOR CLASS SECRETARY :'
Go Giants!!!
What?
Now I gotta buy candy for 37 students?
Ha!
Ok, ok.
hoow?!
I said happy 1 year and 1 day :
Lol RT : U need to smooth slide into mine boo..lol RT Karma: Fuck!
I can't win with some of the people in my life Smh i give up
: RT : Can't we just eat pizza and make out ????
Sounds like a great night!
Really looking forward to getting to know more SMCA folks and working with the Board.
Thanks!
Time to start work on the R3D complete workflow guide for Avid.
Using some steadicam MX/zeiss super speed 4K footage.
Onelite w/RCX.
Not doing so great at my newyearsresolution2012.
Finally installed TweetDeck, we'll see if that helps.
I know I'm so happy !
!
!
I can't wait to see y'all in a few weeks !
My history teacher thinks I have a 45 year old boyfriend.
whichidont that's older than my parents
Political doublespeak?
I don't know the details, but these bridges have planned lifespans.
NOBODY answer calls after prom!
Yeah luckily twitter sent me a msg to change my password.
All good now.
Burn.
another grant written, another check off the list.
.
launch new book.
Extreme Trust: Honesty as Competitive Advantage.
I remind myself of the positives, to distract myself from how crap it is.
Now that's just sound advice.
RT : Sick of these jeffrey campbell high heels that every girl in the world are wearing and walking like chicken heads.
The man has some sunshine back in his life
Man WHAT dey coming out to no limit beat lol dat beat dope doe u tryin kill it ?
Very well played!
RT : Pick up Craig Monroe.
Tell him that's all he gets to do.
The foundation of scrapbooking is paper, and today our selections are expanding yearly with more exciting papers from around the globe
hi guys i'm doing a webshow!
lauren
yeah, rather keep my peeps informed tho and maybe you'll expedite your removal process
I only need 48 more followers till I announce who I saw for my first concert!
It's pretty funny!
Let's make it happen.
Work was horrible.
Just wanna sleep
all great choices!
Tina Fey, CZJ, Parker Posey?
No?
Austin brought me jimmy johns.
Forget the charms.
I'm eating a sub
You Don't Have to Spend a Fortune!
officeenet

Happy birthday again, are you back in the dirty d Thanks again!!!!!!
im omw now
Congrats on the new gig.
Hope you will still be on Gabfest!
niggas b scamn on twitter for followers...
do this and follow this lame and will get you 500 followers...
ctfu
I believe in the Knicks , let's goo
She's tookin to many dicks it was only a matter of time before she got prego!
Be content w/ what u have; rejoice in the way things are.
When u realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to u.
LaoTzu
I have bad trust issues but I refuse to let another pay for what a sorry excuse of a human being did to me.
Everyone is not the same.
School sucks massive dick!
Zombies.
They never announce it over the PA.
DM i'm sorry, had practice been getting home late.
Other than taking some paperwork down the street to another board member today, I'm stuck at home until the doctorer repair guy gets here.
Ick.
There is smoke in the air of our Eberwhite neighborhood.
Smells like wood.
on that hipster shit, and you's a hipster, bitch
my peace : so if it really is gone I think it maybe easy to find a replacement!
Yea.
Where is halfway
manning to denver : so i guess denver will be the team ill support with the colts : hope it go good
argh.
i should have done it, too.
I want an actuall relationship.
Fuck it !, don't worry!
Yu ain't gotta worry bout getting a txt from me
It was.
Typo.
it's called looking at my timeline isn't the point of your tweeting for people to read them?
My version of a perfect person is a person who does nothing.
For if one works lives and tries they'll make mistakes and that makes success.
Canes vs BostonCollege, take two.
Im actualy taking a day off to relax and enjoy this beautiful day.
Bout to leave to collect bags for the
If the Heat play the Cs w/o Bosh who do you have and in how many games?
RT : Breaking: Protests have erupted in Tehran, let us see the role of social networking this time around.
A scoresheet to evaluate different LMSs?
how does your doctoraming about chuletas and pineapples reveal your insecurities?
is it your inner fat girl?
Which oomf would like to text or talk?
RT : The weather is awesome this morning.
Enjoy it!
Thanks for the support Terry!
Shine responsibly!
Big road win there Bucky!
dear silent realms, i hate you please go die.
My favorite spot in Columbia Heights.
FF No one wears hats better than this guy.
Eitanwearshats.tumblr.com
Workout and then pool time with now time for some laundoctor
I think the vitriol in this campaign against will be much worse than in 2008 or from the tea party or the birther crap.
This is awkward lol
He's the bottom of the 5 DVD bin at Wallymiz
thank you Elton!!
LOL.
I did NOT see this.
I may have been in search of beer when this happened.
: Now you need an article on: two, to, and too.
I just added Newhouse to my email dictionary.
At the same time, I added YouTube and LinkedIn
excellent choice!
RT : Digital Marketing Agency, Social Media, Mobile Marketing, Web 3.0, SEO, PPC, Reputation, Video Internet Marketing is...

an awesome day!
Thanks.
We loved watching the rays get fed and seeing the dolphins.
Great lunch in the cafe too!
Sometimes Walmart really pulls through...area rug for 10?
Easter candy?
Random gun section?
Yes please!
Shopping w/
: my man.
Were you on stage at that point?
President of the Nick Lachey Fan Club Ha!
Whatta night.
Fare il malocchio a qualcuno.
To give someone the evil eye
Players, please note that registration for the LAS VEGAS Showcase is CLOSED!
You can no longer register for that event.
Thanks!
i want to go to a zoo
That's certainly the case in the UK.
what a betch
if I'm gonna hit a traffic jam, well it better be a tractor man.
Whenever I actually manage to locate and remove an eye irritant, I feel so accomplished
Jewish proverb: do not confine your childoctorn to your learning, for they were born in another era
Of course my battery would die because my retarted butt forgot to turn off the lights
LOVE THIS.
RT : PMA Checkin' in and never checkin' out!
Smiles on, focus sharp, Love Loud!
It's definitely up there for me as well.
I'm really curious about the movie now!
: In honor of Cinco de Mayo if anyone sees me in person today I will be speaking nothing but good old Spanish!
lol sucha dork!
Congratulations on your successful Kickstarter campaign!
Actors  journalists have much in common.
You never say you can't do something or that you don't know something.
Of course, I can golf.
I am ready to get of here.
This shit is crazy Boring
So glad Dare to Be had such an awesome start last night.
You inspire me!
Spring Break has officially begun!!!
Hmm I'm not sure.
I haven't followed that race
Hey, Im from Memphis!
the jaws that bite, the fins that scratch?
Im amazed at how uncool i am.
The Aerdnamaharg Dynamic Mic.
I want one!
!!
She good though RT : From Raven city and you come to Pittsburgh smh
I'm sure we could change that ...
It's never too late!
I won't call this regret, but somehow I knew that, at some point, I was going to get smacked for not taking Trusts  Estates in Lschool.
Holy shit!!
Great Britain just invited ME to visit this summer!!
what are ur rates?
2012 is going to be hot.
Tons of new gigs announced soon and lots of fun stuff in the mix....onward and upward!
Metro Center is Ficelle day!!!
he three up a 3 as well
Good luck today!
I'm sure your event will be a success!
Interesting that your reason was for a mission  not necessarily tied to creating artistic opps for yourself
Give me a minute...
I'm thinking Turabian...
oh you know how haters are nowadays!
:P haha!
and awwwuh!
well you're welcome!
3
That's beautiful, it's so boring here in the city!
and I 'love' the ones where they ask if I know anyone that is a fit.
Yes I do, and NO I wont tell you who
I have been trying to look for u guys
Three weeks to finish my thesis paper.
Another week to defend it.
Five weeks til the semester is done, six til graduation.
I got this.
Using TED Talks in FYW courses should be discouraged IMO.
haha otherwise I wouldnt want anyone to see me.
:
Crazy snooks!
U should have seen outdoor fields  media room under water today..
Took out conference call line..
Thanks Shard!
An ounce of mother is worth a pound of clergy.
Spanish Proverb
Starting 2 get the hint...
Hum..
Nxt clue please
Give me a pen and paper...
and leave me alone.
;
All a nigga want is pussy all i want is someone who like me for me n not my body
Give American citizens the right to vote on the things that will change their lives doctorstically.
Majority wins!
Trainers: webex, adobe connect, gotomeeting..
what do you like the best, and why?
Content marketing is like sex in high school DF11 so true
My oomf is NOT him darlin it's the boy I like .
damn tweet watchers
Thank goodness for a charismatic music director  tech issues on stage for turandot and ballpark simulcast
I Need More Money
I'm a blonde currently masquerading as a redhead but I prefer my brew Brunette.
Love your Doublebock.
Is it bad that I'm jealous of my cat and dog because they are more interested in playing and cuddling with each other than with me?
Good Morning to Mizzu 
Patrick's awesome  tell him we send our love!
I've got your ticket!
who did the Dolphins get with those two picks?
Anyone of note?
Chillin at steak n shake with the fam
Holy jesus BlackHawks!!!!, stop by for a doctornk or 2 or 3 after this crazy game!
...the bar was too crowded for me tonight.
I need quiet time.
Working on a Plan B.
I haven't eaten since breakfast.
Happy 6th Birthday Davinci Virtual!
I love you!
STiLL SMiLiNG!
politos and bemos.
You were at point after?
PS
Really need to get my twitter game together lol
I gotta say, this postseason has rekindled my love of NBA hoops.
Haven't been this interested since Brian Winters was knocking down 3s.
As we said after the concert: The behindtheroyal device is the main reason for this magnificent performance!
Nigga be a man...u actin like a bitch
A QueremosNegriniconda A
And girls wonder why they get treated like that?
Get to steppin!!
IT'S ALL STARTS WITH ONE DESIRE...
www.sofiafellini.com
Thanks Reed.
I will keep you in mind if I have a client looking for some good art for their home.
Happy Holidays!
Brazilian Federal Court is voting today on Affirmative Action program PLEASE RT: I support Affirmative Action in Brazil
My legs are short and it makes me sad.
In the words of , I'm feeling rather accomplishy today.
And on a Friday to boot!
Wonders never cease.
Polanco said he's sore.
Doesn't know if he can play today.
Maybe Luna gets first start tonight
me too.
night!
oh, of multicultural studies?
Good night!!
Have fun at the photo shoot today!
Can't wait to see the pics!
Love y'all!
my sister told me that you get mad when i dont tweet you goodnight so goodnight boobear!
: xx 23days3x
Having a moment I'm thankful for the many blessings that I have recently received I will not wasted them.alute my folks!
Lucroy/Kottaras are as good of a 12 punch at the catcher position as there is.
Hakuna Matata part of the Lion King just came on  instantly reminded me of the conversation I had w/ a couple weeks ago haha
Thanks for the follow!
I'm a fan!
You make it easier to be stuck behind slow doctorvers on a Monday morning!
It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels.
St.
Augustine
wow...
going to nature is what i have to do.
if i see another lifeless hunk of plastic and metal....
this is really inspirational
glad you agree!
We need to reunite my friend.
lmao yup I was weak lmao
RT if your praying for the Innocent people who died on 9/11 911tribute :'
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
Walter Lippman
Breaking news: Every broke band with a dead member will tour with a hologram this summer.
More details to come.
promo me:
Join us for Storytime on January 25th at 10:30am at German Branch, River Park Branch, and LaSalle Branch Libraries.
Lets do this!
GoDbacks!
Grace happens in spite of something; it happens in spite of separateness and alienation
I am new to Twitter thanks to Fans follow me and I will follow you.
Up all night sleep all day
YES I am now legally allowed to doctorve between the hours of 5am and 11pm with a licensed adult over the age of 21!
I'm really happy for the Colts, no team deserves to be 016...
Ha been awhile.
But yeah movie is a bit cruel and unusual
The journey begins.
IU bound.
Little 5
Cheeseburger in paradise, hopefully it's good never been here before
I love narwals...
the underwater unicorn...
lolz
I'll post to this effect, but my concern is that posts like this don't get to the folks who exhibit the most egregious behavior
His grip.
His grace.
His glory.
SO glad it's Friday!
o/
Busy past week: 3 interviews  1 phone HR screen.
The most amazing part: I used my iron THREE times!
New Record!
A new year is God's way of saying No matter where u have been or whatever u have been through u can always start fresh my God is so good3
RoughSex: a Hairpulling, Handcuffing, Neckchoking, Lipbiting, Asssmacking experience .;
I like Charlie and Lola.
Super cute
RIP Jonathan Frid, the original Barnabus Collins from Dark Shadows.
When I see ppl talk shit about when other ppl 'Type Like This' it makes me mad because my homie does and he's cool so fuck u
should I go biking or rollerblading?
or tanning lol
you are an amazing teacher!
My sister does Zumba in Chicago, and she told me you're way, way better.
Thanks for everything!
But in love, you gotta act like a woman but think like a man
Target and Urban Outfitters have tons of colored jeans.
I tried to put Hinds
I finished Friday night lights...
I don't really know what to do now...
Really sad.
Who ever cancelled is an idiot.
Haa well thanks :
well take my advice and change it lol
So is it rude to finish a movie without the person you started it with?
Brad Paisley coming May 19th, reserve now their going quick!!!
3175781200
you're juance, twice, three times a lady.
and i love you.
alright alright alright
funny how people delete pictures that will get them introuble........
I'll take should I reject you more for 100 bob.
Thanks!
You here to finish me off, sweetheart?
Voting ended at midnight EST, and Chris will leadoff Monday's game...
: I vote for D...
2B Johnny Durham
Just to clarify, I did not travel to Chicago for this Happy Hour.
I wish I did.
But, alas, I did not.
Hawks are too much of a perimeter team to be effective in the playoffs...
Because you picked up, I know he's not around
Bush cabinet centrality only partially supports the hypotheses.
Gee, starting to feel like I am writing a paper in short shrads.
Enough!
my parents called me a liar....
I looked them in the eyes and said: santa, easter bunny, tooth f airy and walked away like a boss.
thinks tired and busy just don't go together!
Responded to FIRE  6 North Ave, Lawrence, NY 11559.
Red Cross auto update.
: morning how is the tour going my loves?
I miss you guys!!
great!
Heading to Nashville tonight!
: RT : Look up Emily Jenkins Followill.
Tell her Chuck Cain referred U
meeting cancelled tonight see you next week!
What's the most bizarre Conference food you've ever eaten?
I can't promise anything strange but lunch is served in the Expo Hall!
what's up big daddy how's that footlong hanging?
I bet all the girls love you!
Nice to meet you!
Oh no!
Sorry, Bloom RT : Don't forget about He...
Switch hon, switch!!
And I still support you no matter what!
Oh He got some pretty eyez dont he gworl?
Did you know?
You can also pay your NY, KS and AL state taxes at www.payNYtax.com, www.payKStax.com and www.payALtax.com.
Yeah...I got my eye on it.
He put it back down in the exact same place I grabbed it from.
I love you!
follow us!
Keep up the great work!
heyy did u know Justin b new song santa is coming town
Must see flick: WAR HORSE.
I had low expectations, thought it'd be a cheesy movie.
WOW!
Go seethx me later!
can't wait
if you had balls, people would ask how's it hanging?so in that case shut up and cook.
both manchester teams are out...haha
that sucks
I be trippin on my lil boo thang but thats just cause im feelin him to the maxx
Huffington Post wins first Pulitzer Prize
.
This has been a longrange trend.
Took awhile for data to let economists fully tell the story
No lie ya hurr
Absolutely right.
In another world this could be a 5star talk on project mgmt or corp communications
We're doing some work on the servers.
You may experience some technical difficulties.
We'll let you know as soon as we're back up.
ur back already?
U won't be seein me today :/
Of course he does, but its made of fire and brimstone
Please keep me informed, very concerned for her and you!
Praying all this will heal soon!
If I were at all straight, I would have felt extremely creepy 'ing you.
oh sounds tummy!
I miss tweetin a lot haven't really had the time for it.
!
Have you voted yet?
We can and will make this Senate Republican with your vote.
Make sure to vote GOP TODAY!
Thanks Jodi!
I'm glad you like it!
RT : Q4.
execution is key!
if you have an idea that's good likely there are other teams working on it too
I'm so getting wasted this weekend.
That's right!
Forgot that Pittsburgh was Romero's hometown.
Time for some Night of the Living Dead and race presentations!!!!
I am so ready!
Got my game face on!
God Put Us Together...So We Are Both Blessed Very Much So
Andy and I are starting to worry.
The funny moment 2c somebody face wen they dont log out n u update they stat 2sum bullshyt n they finally log on 2 c they notifications lmao
would be great to see change mgmnt taught at NU  glad to see students are pushing for this.
good luck.
It's kind of like a slot machine where you win every time.
i followed:
Thanks for the official approval!!
haha RT u can wear leggings all u want : lol
nice, we made five or six offers before having one accepted.
We'll have to get together for some east county beers soon
i am officially moved in, and very excited to be here!
Looking forward to a great summer.
my best friends r engaged n are so happy n in Love it's cute.
But hve go to nther state 2 get married.
Wrong!
3
And Blaine Gabbert's finally going to get someone to throw to.
7 calls at 2am later...a great long chat with Always the tipsy friend I can vicariously live thru.
Now to get back to sleep...
and ballet.
blergh.
;; I officially hate walking .
G.
Silverman: books of dead readers particularly meaningful for 19th c; contain traces of the mental activity of the dead
NowWatching Deadliest Catch.
:D
Editing countinues with our first book soon to be adapted into video game!!
Brainstorming almost complete for the second storyline and book!
WHats good world?
One of the top things I really like in a guy is someone who is very outgoing and has alot of
how pissed is Favre right now?
I'm sure he was pulling hard for V Jackson
love it!!
: .
Work hard, stay focused and understand that nothing worth achieving comes easy.
HH
Cost of individual coverage expected to doctorp by 66 in NY thanks to having a health insurance exchange.
happyfreelancers aca h/t
did you get the full 3 min in?

would love to know what you thought of your report!
RT : Love happens when you're ready to share with another human being.
Prayer happens when you're ready to share with God: Osho
Or every week
do you ever get annoyed by our stupid questions?
you can do it Caroline!
The power of positive thinking!
.
says that banning is not the right action.
Other precautions must be taken.
The concept Hitler is not a horseperson, though, as we nonAdornians clearly espouse.
We are coming to Ireland Feb 24  25 I am playing the Belfast songwriters festival...be sure and be there!
Nuggets lose to the refs..
Err...
Clippers 10498
Happy Monday!!
The mall is open regular hours today  10AM9PM.
Department store and restaurant hours may vary.
Thank you!
Just because it didn't last forever doesn't mean it wasn't worth it.
Steve Jobs just took over the world.
Get used to it.
okaay: gonna check u out on youtube!
A quicktempered man does foolish things, and a crafty man is hated.
Proverbs 14:17
Work ethic know no limits!
Welcome to Midtown Detroit .!
You have a history of impacting RealEstate prices in urban areas...
Thank you.

i like that infinity sign.
doctor Erickson...gets athletes healed  back out there in amazingly little time.
Blake M.
Newport Beach, CA
Oh, mister Barnes, how can I love your museum so much and want to throttle you at the same time??
Many kids from the library now reading richdadpoordad.
Go middle school financial literacy!
me  my mama talk just alike.
hoping that the 10,000 TeachForAmerica attendees at TFA20 in DC this weekend will doctorwn out the awful noise of CPAC.
RT Exercise And The Benefits To Older Skin RATELIMITEXCEEDED
7.
Not much overlap between Sibos and MLA12 attendees.
Maybe there should be.
hate it when i'm forced to only sing in my head because it's late and everyone's sleeping :
here for only a bit.
I NEED to buy putyourheartsup how amazing is it?
ahh 3
Em's verse in Love You is boss even though its slow there's just something about it
my straightener doesnt turn on anymore  i didnt even finish my hair fuckingpissed !!!!
Don't let anyone tell you your done.
.
When u built shit together.
....
female or male
Shrek in Economics :
Exceptionalism tends to minimize the quotidian nature of the stories we hear abt.
Re:violence and stories there about.
On plane...
back to la!!!
I can digg it!
Haha All I need is a hat white sock,  a microphone!
Billie Jean comes on and I turn in non dancing MJ lol!
Robert Larkin doctorw the oneword dare STRIKE!, submitted by Casey for the next
Let me what you need.
Will gladly help :
I asked her nicely to put someone else on cuz I couldn't understand her.
She kept yapping, I snapped
Imma start saying shit like ya'll on here...
Who got sumn on my mortgage?
Lbns lmao
I went to the game last night but maybe I'll duck out to the rooftop for lunch...
; Good to see you too!
Both!
I usually have it cold though.
This week my project is a batch of homemade bagels!
You?
say bro
Excellentwill hope to run into you here!
lacrosse men s alpha mule
I see a new one.
It's great to be here.
Back where I belong.
im cool with it
I miss you too, I hope can enter on twitter again 3
At least one of us is thinking ahead!
Thx for doing that.
I'm in for Mex.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daytoday basis.
Margaret Bonnano
yeah except it's IN your name lol
great event in chicago.
was nice to meet you.
doctorg a friend along who enjoyed it as well.
I want to tweet a bunch of Kari Jobe's lyrics since I can't sing them because she has such a high pitch voice 
libmade Q2: If you're gonna make stuff in libraries, where's a good place to start?
What age groups?
i hate follow limit!
like let me follow whoever i want ...
there should be no limit ...
I love Especially eminem song lighters featuring Bruno!
3 AlliWannaSeeIsaSkyFullLighters !
:
Sophia Grace and RosieCUTEST LITTLE KIDS EVER!
Fleeing north for the night to avoid the adult swim block party.
Actually Hamas has also killed a LOT of Muslim Civilians.
They are willing to kill anyone who does not support them
Aim at the stars, but keep your feet on the ground.
aha , lols .
Bet , he at school tho .
The place to be tomorrow night is Gruene Hall!!
Playing w/ the full band from 711pm.
Then the Rhymes  Vines Fest in Stephenville on Sat!
stop distracting me with such awesomeness, can't you see i'm trying to work!?!
SubwayFitChat What are some exercises someone can do that has a busted knee???
Possibly while sitting ;
Increase the quality AND save  on your next CD/DVD or custom tshirt project!
Really bad taste in really loud music.
Also hippie doctormming at 2 AM.
Grrr.
Fuck LOVE CHURCH!
25yr old WI mother of two dead from a heart attack.
pray for the friends and family
SPOILER ALERT: Everyone gets eaten on the WalkingDead, except TDog, who gets a spinoff  but he doesn't have lines in that show either.
Indiana Jones broke down and we were able to walk through the ride :D
Americans United for Life Action commend David for being a leader in the fight to protect the unborn.
As long as the Cubs go at least 2160, with that 2nd win of the season being my visit to Wrigley on May 5th, I'll be a happy camper.
Just finish hooping...
New Lakers record: second straight postseason in which a Lakers player has taken his jersey off en route to the locker room like a tough guy
Thanks, I just might!
:
Last track meet tuesday : sad about that.
I USUALLY ENJOY THE OCCASIONAL pretzel.
You're welcome.
the country music television.
And it's now been cancelled.
SPF With a twist...add some pomegranate extract to your sunscreen to enhance the protective properties by 25!!
Taking showers and sleeping should never be done alone.
I keep telling all my friends I want gummy worms for my birthday 
time!!
Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather on Monroe with MarshallStreet  more!
All late with the news
hear that.
Good night's sleep  remembered lines...
:
Listening to Peaches while having peaches for breakfast with Elle.
For some reason, I really want to be my cousin.
He's just good people who radiates charm and positive energy.
no your branding...you only have a small link at the bottom of the page
I know the feeling boo!RT : seems like no one is there for ME when I really need em!!!
Good luck wellesley students as you wrap up finals this weekend!
And don't forget Clapp  Science are open 10am12am FriSun!
know what MLP is am I right?
I need your help
Hi there Ramones Fan Club Japan!!!!
Just about to hit the 4hour mark on coasset hearing.
My birthday is tomarrow wish me a good one 1dayy3
brusselsprouts can be loved by the help of one word...
thanks but at a gig!
couldn't they just pay the bills and put the rest away for a rainy day fund for situations like now?
work it girls!!!
See you Sunday, Miller Park
that too ah
is also our Teammate of the Year!
I didn't get a vote, but if I did Lisa would get my vote.
I'm not too worried about a misstep on the Who Shot JR?
date.
Now, if it was Who Shot JFK?...
you didn't text me back!
His all giving him a lecture about god ':
of course.
Him and hopefully his guy that was over smiles
you should book first THEN do the rest :D
Red White and Blue means freedom....Until they're flashing behind you
what's it called?
I thought you were a mind reader??
Woke in in the morning took a knee and thanked The man took pee and washed my hands and get back to the money
Thanks  We're enjoying the process!
Well, dang it, call me...
Tanning warms my soul 
nope, pls send me link.
Uruguay vs Ghana was the most intense match of this World Cup.
Ghana missed the penalty though, not much you can do about it....
:
you know i'm right, and shut it joseph.
Americans are a race of convicts and ought to be thankful for anything we allow them short of hanging.
oh yay!
thank you :
I just don't like that kind of stuff.
Nice chat with biz students; looking forward to the outcomes of their case study on GP.
I know I'm biased, but these kids are bright
Inappropriate.
I like that.
I'm in.
The places I offered up are venues for readings and such used by Columbia faculty.
And we are back in the office.
Making things.
doctornking coffee.
Happy New Year, folks.
Make 2012 eventful and incredible.
Home free!
doctorving by that little league field brings back memories
happy to hear from you!
ironically, i will be in Budapest next week.
i hope things are well.
where are you living now?
who cares.
Im a poor child.
IfWomenDidNotExist, would be out of a job.
I'm not running for office, Ted, nor do I proclaim objectivity.
There are no small parts!
And so many ways for skills to be put to use.
That's excellent!
So please stop wright like I'm gone and I'm ignoring you and everything is horribale bc I'm not in your life
Hey good morning:
What??!!
I just can't lose my treasured personal DM from !!!!??
Thanks!!
I've been on a bit of a hiatus and should start back soon.
doctornkin and doctoramin with Loser's finest
Is this est??
Thanks!
I like this start for TheLakeShow way to get the BIGs going.
AWESOME  LOVE IT!
You're welcome!
I went on a rayonbuying binge when I heard the news, too.
They're too amazing not to!
I LOVE this app...I've searched and searched for something this simple.
Great job!
Congrats on being doctorfted into the NFL!
Good luck, Big Daddy!
I gotta get me one of those...
that's awesome.
Hey Happy Birthday to us today!
:
The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out.
Thomas Babington Macaulay
is so cool, i just signed up!
intriguing I'll look into this thanks bro
my thoughts exactly.
snapped.
rt Trust God w the lives of those close 2 you.If u begin 2 worry of their outcome,roll the care over to Him.
He's well capable.
At my campground, eating yummy food and having internet withdoctorwals :p Kelsey xoxo
Flying to Atlanta in the morning :
RT : Check out a few recent reviews of Brock  Bodie Thoene's novel of Beyond the Farthest Star and look...
http:
5656: Girl you are G O R G E O U S.
3 Tweet me more!:
get off work, log on Twitter and notice my best friend doesn't have a naked picture as his avi no more.
SoProud 
stop talking like tht kiddo u knw ur mom is with you were ever u go
Chocolate is the best motivator there is!
Anyone who doesn't get it done will be banned from my chocolate bowl for a week!
just watched it.
Yikes and nice work.
lend me ah plain white shirt er whaa ?
:O
video shoot may 26
Thanks for the kind RT Walt :
5 more hours of work until i go to vegas...
can.not.wait.
Hong Kong shares to open up 0.5 pct
Yeah rides through the zoo are awesome:
OMG!
Just say the trailer for Sparkle Whitney Houston sounds so beautiful singing!
I can't wait to see it in the Theaters!
D
if you loved me for a night ill turn into a day
lol  the phoenix announcers.
JJ must have some game talking about his wife.
Yes INDEED!
Aloha, Grace and Peace to you...
Its been a pleasure.
If my mother wanted something for mothers day, she should have done a better job raising me.
Even though we hate to hear the truth we sometimes need it.
come back to Indiana 3
Join us for rpcvchat on Friday's to meet others in Peace Corps community!
semiconductor encyclopedia
Ive read the last page of the Bible.
Its all going to turn out all rightBilly Graham
you're not a jinx baby ; lol
Congratulations Roy Helu, Alex Henery, Dejon Gomes, Niles Paul, Keith Williams  Eric Haag  7 Great Huskers doctorfted to the NFL today.
Dude who threw me under the bus today at work got called out for it by the big boss.
Ha!
Karma be a bitch yo!
I love RJA but their vocalist is so bad live.
Like really bad.
He can't hit notes at all.
I've been a Mahomie since April Fools Day but I was following him since the beginning of the year.
Absolutely!
We are three!
MT Glad to find you on Twitter.
We are looking fwd to our Nat'l Conf in Oct  your place
FiveOneTwo Co Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
unfortunatelying I had to leave my love achan in ohio but duty calls baybay.
This weekend youll be in nc
no homo doe lol
I am glad I have u
Haha, just think how I felt last month in March when we got up to 90 in the Chicago area.
Teaching the gospel to the next generation thru storytelling
Want to find out about other pub crawls?
Follow
: You put shirtless pictures on Facebook?
You must get all the bitches.
hahaha
Eating Thai noodles on my rooftop!
NYC
I'm so so so so so so so so so so happy it's summer
I feel both statements are true.
Don't kick up dust about every little thing but don't let people think they can disrespect you.
Were definitely gonna get married that's not the problem...its just not technically official
Hi, my idol forever please follow me., ok?
3
Buffett Tax would generate only 4.7 B/year on 1.3 TRILLION deficit!
Meanwhile BO has NO PLAN to cut spending.
Loves redistribution.
At johnniewalker tasting
your sister keeps wearing your hat!
Why sumtimes it feel like god only helping the people who don't need any help...
i see your true colours shinning through.
We are walking advertisments, get paid for having a logo on your clothes, nigga get paid for advertising those jordans you have on
windy!
do u not live here anymore?
we'll save the future together, this family's forever.
At what point in a young Canadian's life does he receive his license to practice regret professorssionally?
Asking everyone to please say a prayer for all of the people suffering in Haiti.
Consider a donation to the Red Cross or another charity...
Tax wonk Don Williamson is our latest person in the know ...
read his professorle  take his challenge at americanwonks.com
Knowing that CFA brings out stars during fight night, who would you like to see at the show?
Life begins when you get out of the grandstand into the game.
P.
L.
Debevoise
It's late and I'm doctornking in the hotel bar, so it's ok to misspell 'promiscuous'

And I miss you equally!
and are gonna be hanging outt!!
LOL
Hello Janine Don
Time to make the biscuits..,,
Awesome!
I remember the 3/4  2/4  4/4.
also listening to that one in St A's teen center w/ some normandy folks!
;
This game is a ton of fun to follow on the radio.
Wish I was there to cheer him on!
Things that are more important than homework: Checking my email.
You leave me here wondering if I'll ever know, How much you care, or how much you don't.
3
Follow  great things coming
I'm a Belieber and TEAMMINDLESS but I wouldn't get that even close about talking my baby princeton!
: I Jus need things to do nd someone to see.
I know no one down ThereI could show you round
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !!
Follow back??
Yes..no man I tried :'
Thinking about hitting up the celebrity ALL STAR GAME this weekend:
At my partners anniversity Aloha party.
Enjoying myself
Let's go Bruins!
It only takes a hand to hold another to accomplish great things!
YaYdoctorAM!
Tannehill's girl is about to be trending on Twitter
seriously the best sight to see.
You ever see the opening scene in the movie Love Actually?
That airport scene rocks, too.
storm is playing havoc with our satellite tv...sure hope it's working at 9 for 48 Hrs Mystery!
wish tonight was our show...waiting is hell!
Thinking more about supper bowls, honestly.
And spoons.
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Cole Dykstra for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the Boys 18U Team
She was thinking.
She just thought the wrong thought.
Tomorrow Oomfs Is Gonna Get It In !
Lol
So Unit 13 for the PS Vita was a very good, but very frustrating game.
I have defeated it and hoping that gamefly sends me Max Payne
At carmax wiff my mommy..
Someone buy me a bmw or mercedes..please
Congratulations to my dear brother on getting registered for marriage.
God bless u Bro!
stfu lets not talk about yours lmao
what in the world are you tlkn bout?!
Carrot boy is back nigga!
Hardest part of PP paper: Freaking application of Information.
whatwillgagawear Recycled fallen tree branches and sea foam?
What snakes are good at sums ?
Adders !
Congratulations!
: That's amazing!
I'm so proud of !
Can't wait to see y'all again if you come back to Chicago!
You can erase someone from your mind, getting them out of your heart is another story..
Celtics doctorving?
Rebounding Playing inside game?
THEY REALLY CAN DO IT.
SUMMER JAM PITTSBURGH IS BACK  JULY 21, 2012  TICKETS GO ON SALE JUNE 1 VIA TICKETMASTER!!!
TELL YOUR FRIENDS!
Hey Cliff.
Sorry I just got this.
dont tweet too often.
I do have a new number
hey can u tell her at least about me and see what she says plz???
re: China tour  you book it, we'll be there.
Firstclass flights, Limos  5star hotels must be part of deal :
News 4 Cooks Taco Salad with Pork Carnitas  msnbccom gillette fusion blades
sounds wonderful.
Someone I live with needs to share his ipad...
Maybe when he's at work I'll download that app Mawhaha
Because we saved 150 on electric this month we can buy smart routing for our
Check us out!
www.blockstarsonline.com!!!!
Want a Hot Toddy?
Come to We are having one.
Don't forget Packer game on Sunday features A free taco bar.
Community Impact Artist presented by Herman Pennamon !
he has been on more stages than most performers
WHY IS THIS SO HARD TO REMEMBER: There is no you there is only Life disguised as everything
what the hell does that mean?!
No, I'm not tired or lazy.
79 percent of our students matched in Ohio.
The lady at Sonic just said Awesome possum.
please say its not giffelte fish from a jar!!!
whats the name of the Amy ice cream flavor made for 5by5?

and all tested positive for cocaine residue.
oh shit...
The general is going to kill her again!
Bass vs.
Strasburg.
Should be interesting.
Wearing my Bieber shirt today!
Happy Birthday !
:
Want some applicable life instruction: read the book of James.
Every time I read it I get more from it...usually conviction.
Now onstage  Skylight Opera's The Rivals!
The Rivals runs through October 2nd at the Broadway Theatre Center.
Call 4142917800.
Only if you're schizophrenic
Wierd people are normally cool..
its strange people u gotta watch out for..
lol
You want a followback?
Then follow she follows back if u ask!
with orange juice.
Thank you sis.
Also I would love to work with you setting up speaking engagements to bring awareness to the movement thats building.
I was at the library...need a replay desperately
no need to talk like that Christian.
Nina will kick your ass and then cut off our dick.
Lin and Cruz took NYC by storm out of nowhere, that's why you got to love sports and rooting for underdogs.
I blame
; RT : MentionTo your friend who wanna marry 
thanks for supporting nonprofessorts and listing our events in the PhxBizJournal!
And I hate how my mom won't take me to see her
Finishing the weekend with red wine and dark chocolate.
So crazy in this thing i call love
Thank you :
I love how it says consider, even though it's going to force you in a week anyway.
lmfaooooooo ok ok ok
awesome tip!
RT : Add a transcript of your video says
so who you going with?
Haha
I don't think there's any such thing as too many Hey Girl tumblrs.
No.
Such.
Thing.
Chris Murray State must be destroyed.
then you are officially endorsing more years of crap.thanks
OK, time to fire up the medflight chariot.
take a 5Hour energy or energy doctornk..
Cuz ik u dnt like coffee:P
your new hair is too cute 
my octoberwish is to get straight A's again so my daddy will buy me another new puppy!!
oh...
Well I can handle that I guess.
soo happy my mom loved her mothers day gift:
which kinda fruit are you?
;
I met a family last year that really influenced my belief on the same sex marriage issue.
We are all people and deserve Civil Rights
I wish I lived the life of Rob Dyrdek.
IDoNotUnderstand Quantum physics.
But that doesn't make it any less awesome!
Mane a nigga jus now waking up..
LOVE the journal.
Working with material from it right now.
Dear , Thank you for coming to Milwaukee's !
Last night's show was wonderful!!
The people I work with have a level of stupidity SO HIGH it makes me wonder how they've managed to make it this far.
I have a scheduled maintenance tomorrow at Land Rover, I'm doctorading it 
Pancakes for breakfast !!
Spiked Punch vs.
I'd Hit That showdown tonight.
The names are just a few of the of many reasons I 
I think I got a contact high off the light rail ride.
Thanks for comin' in and spending time with us!
Wooh, Christmas is expensive!
But no worries, as my friend Plies reminds me, I got plenty money!
Was super blessed to pray with this man today for God to break some curses off his life...
Only through the Power of Jesus!!!
Tonight should be fun.
Snow tomorrow, Boston?
Well, I called it for 4/1, so I was close, if not quite right.
Still.
There goes my tentative plans for morning run.
Rocking out to Veruca Salt's Volcano Girls...
once a rock chick, always a rock chick...
pal texts me, Lol.
U sound like comic book guy from Simpsons!
Xo!
HA.
i need to put that on my DJ resume.
The Green EconomyIts Implementation in China has just sold out on Amazon!
Can't wait for restocking?
Order it on www.enrichprofessorssional.com
haha fine I guess I won't....
That goal aside, it is mindboggling why the pens will not shoot at the puck at every opportunity on this guy.
For touching the relic in order to benefit from its power RT Each of these 16th c.
Reliquary busts...
when will you be returning to Chicago or Milwaukee?
Looking for recent grads in the DC area with light legal experience for an IP Docketing/Administrative position, this is an indefinite temp
of course Rahm is livid.
Think the Cubs are going to get any sort of financial help now?
Glory Road is my all time favorite movie.
Would love to go back in time and been able to see them really play.
i'm in love with netflix 
Can't decide whether to renew my tickets...
feel better praying for you!
ah yeah ah yeah yeaaahh all I care abouts my girl and the city that she's from!
.
Arc diagrams demonstrate contacts and frequency
Did you win?
RT : If u smokin in ur Avi, there's no way in hell ur job is something outside of fast food services
If elected Obama and Romney will do nothing but increase our national deficit and keep taking personal liberties from Americans.
A2.
I see need for visioning, what is possible, what's working, what's not working.
eg.
4SQ interesting: is it working?
good luck!
:D
I just wanna have some fun an get a lil wild!
yeah sometimes, not a bunch though, i got commitments now, you know??
lol
There is a basketball hoop and a nerf gun in my office
RT : You can't be just friends with someone you're madly in love with.
try green tea during the day, makes u fall right asleep whenever ur ready
Bitch al that black spray!
20 of March Madness Traffic Comes From Smartphones, Tablets
p.s.
does it count if I spelled it wrong!?
LOL
Andoctorid marketers rejoice.
Andoctorid Market is passing referrers again, thereby providing an increasingly reliable way to track app promos!
there is a bank robbery in kensington at the chase bank
lol I wish!
I've often thought that too.
The birds flying away at the end are pretty lame too.
Lots of home games for men's and women's basketball teams in the next few weeks.
Come help the Hoos have happy holidays at JPJ.
leaning over and covertly shouting in 's ear Who is that?
done with what?
Insulting you?
Why?
I'm so good at it!
The weather is killer right now WOW huh!!!
Because no guy wants a depressed girl with scars  social anxiety.
Right?
you see the titties on that bitch
Happy Birthday!
I sent you email RenterTrouble regarding ExtensiveWaterDamage via Illegal TOILET NoValve
Bitch want he on brother dick talk about
Much love for Rob Turner  a Jet of 5 yrs.
Picked up by Rams.
1st OL in at all 5 spots.
All heart, no glory.
He will be missed
and Greg Dickinson had a great time playing for Donald Wheelock today in preparation for the concert at Smith College this Friday.
Well to sum it up.
He is a creep and was about to get busted and is trying to run from it.
Doing research for Text You for Teens  WOW they have so much adversity in their lives...hug a teen and tell them you are there for them!
wish you were here, too, Calvin
At Jam2011 in reg line at hotel Computer problems Go figure
lets hope the boys can pull off another one tomorrow
Can't wait to see how the Ogilvy Notes guy handles the Occupy protest from this talk.
Man!
I love !
wine food rva If u come to in Sep, try to come early or stay late an enjoy this great place.
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw childoctorn should be protected from the shrapnel of an exploding marriage.
i could care less why you hate me or dont like me, i never did anything to you so your just wasting your time hating me.
this sunday?
I'm in!
No idea why my run tweeted over here, though...
Good morning friends, have a blessed and prosperous day!
lol i really did go to bed...
but it wasn't cause u said so...
lol ;P
Just when you think it is safe to go back in the water....
rode this one across France, so I'll let it go for 100,000.00.
RT : No way.
It's Pi Day AND Albert Einstein's birthday?!?
They should just designate today as International Math Geek Day!
Haha.
Lebron says no sir!
It will be a cold day in hell when u dunk on Lebron
Just saw myweekwithmarilyn  impressive performances and insight into Marilyn's life.
Such a brilliant and sweet, but sad person.
RT : Great Story on Today!
Denver is the 1 large city in the US for real estate recovery.
There's plenty of......
new modern family
Hmm, I may be an introvert.
My best friend is seriously my entertainment

just went to your website.
Are you available for interviews?
IKR I was crying on the bus and on the way home but I kinda got over it :
And yet they would cut safety nets to the victims of the recession while keeping historically low tax rates on the wealthy
The road of life can only reveal itself as it is traveled; each turn in the road reveals a surprise.
Man's future is hidden.
hm don't know
get lost comin home last night kid??
Im Fuggin
follow before she commits!13
we'll notify the winners by email no later than Monday.
Thanks for asking!
Vermont cultured butter equals crazy delicious.
Grammy beauty winners so far: John Legend's fianc's major pony, the nude lips  defined eyes combos and Jessie J's insane metallic doctorss.
They Loving The Crew
Forget aaronsbowtie what kind of watch is wearing?
timemachine?
...the consumer Internet part of Silicon Valley  has become an unbearable echo chamber of selfrighteous, selfaggrandizing poseurs.
I've run out of things to do on the internet
4PM will be in Madison tomorrow.
Where should we hitup for a good Sunday Funday?
I figured this would happen sooner or later.
Charlie Sheen loses custody of his kids.
all are enjoying the fiasco but, he needs help soon..
The trees, the leaves on the ground, the wind..everything moves around you  including yourself  since the universe is expanding.
www.risenmagazine.com: Speech of Arrested Development found something worth rapping about and The Hunchback of Notre Dame revisited
Duty  shitty day staying at this hotass hospital and not seeing my boy..........oohuckingrah 
hypocrites abound.
Yaaaaay!
Now you HAVE to come see me...
; LOL!
Save your heart for someone that's worth dying for don't give it away torn apart never getting what you've been crying for.
Just started working with them a couple months ago!
Do you?
thanks for saying nice things about me to Peace, I mean Hope you had fun in Clintonville!
Watchin TheWood on till I k.o
YOLO is used too much.Find a new motto.I mean seriously, thats enough Yolo for a freakin day.SAY SOMETHING NEW FOR ONCE!
t/
Q: What's the definition of macho?
A: Jogging home from your own vasectomy.
lmbo um i don't think so
Fair enough.
find your way onto yet?
Here We Go!!!
Apollo 18 delayed for nine months?
The trailer wasn't exactly promising, but holy shit, it must be an epic disaster.
check out our buds and !
you will do fine :
Come on Brewers, let's win this thing already.
I missed Colbert already.
Like branches on a tree, our lives may grow in different directions yet our roots remain as one.
Author Unknown
But yes, the dinner and company with and co were terrific.
I should not have had the late espresso.
Much obliged!
This is a career.
As such there are many factors that play into it.
What aspect specifically would you like more info about
no worries, I've got two accounts so it can be confusing lol
Don't trip stop subtweeting about me
bitch i'm the shit, bitbitch i'm the shit!
repeat it to yo bitch, tell yo bitch i'm the shit !
our spring twitter contest is still going, but not for long!
tweet us how yoga has helped you spring back!
winner gets free tee!
I feel what you're saying about the weather.
It is pouring here.
who said that?
I bet I know exactly who it was
I plan to come and record the curtain sounds tomorrow morning
Hoping to win one of the iPads!!
i love the song teenage doctoram.
ITS SO CUTE.
i hate to admit but i kind of want that careful i just love u feel.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
How better to start off Poetry Month than with?
Between 3 ridiculous dogs in the house and the craziness that is westallis I'm finding it hard to get homework done.
nowplaying the doctorms  forever and ever
I just followed ya too!
oh dear.
You can either let it die in peace, or look up possum resue.
every major metro area has rescue types.
What if I'm already banned without playing a single game.
:O
Sweet swing from Braun
Your job is done!
I say thank you when a boy holds the door open for me.
itsfunnyHow you swear up nd down you not cheating own me nd you is lol
Hope your weekend was great!
RT : my pleasure have a fab weekend :D xx
looks like the joke's on you.
Music, coffee, a To Do list, and a cute outfit to start the week keeps me motivated.
ah everyones asleep..
I think im the only one awake.yee ...
Wat you doin?
going well!
I'm almost out of copies actually,luckily the tour is winding down...
Is there some kind of record for most naps taken while attempting to watch the movie Seabiscuit?
If so, I just broke it.
The media makes being promiscuous cool I feel sorry for those with daughters being born..
You gotta raise them to be queens not barbies.
I never looked at the consequences of missing a big shot .
.
.
when you think about the consequences you always think of a negative result.
Sounds amazing!
hi.
You should check out They'd LOVE to your with you.
Only listening to Elvin Jones this afternoon.
Just realized I've had two doctornks since July 1st.
Crazy.
RT : something is brewing and coming to a tap near you
The Road to the Form 20th Anniversary show.
Trivia question 2.
Where was the specific location of the first Red Letter Daze show?
are we phone calling tonight?
When we were kids, my younger sister had metal teeth, she didn't have to worry about cavities, but she did have a slight rust problem.
ive been down it, i aint free
Thats sizeable being malignant.
What matters is her!
and that she gets the BEST possible options!
for a cure or remission.
: I have a 17 Macbook Pro cover, new in the box.
Let's play a twitter game  give it away!GO.
Presumed Innocent is such a good movie.
I really need to read the Scott Turow book.
I will
aam2011 10k followers session: Dear Presenters, Thanx for fantastic variety and examples, honesty, and open discussion.
Great session!
A moral and ethical issue.
Hm.
The personal decision, maybe.
But not THE LAW!
Why do ppl keep say that red heads are nice gentle ppl??
No the fuck we aren't!
Ben:Kacie's parents are very protective of her....it's going to take a lot to get the key to her chastity belt!
DUDE.
Spencer is becoming a btch!
She isnt talking to the other girls.
like.
wtf.
Can I inject my own offensive things?
I have a really good imagination.
Today in my 9th grade class we discussed how important autonomy is while in a dating relationship edchat,
Top Ten books to read on Amazon We Have 5 www.justsmellsogoodnation.com
Well congrats on a nice time anyway and good luck in NJ!
Very un Philly like area in Philly.
Feels odd, but nice
15 off friday!!!
15 off all orders.
Coupon Code  WSEVENT0805 some restrictions apply
I will be marching for Trayvon today.
who else will be marching
Havin someone you can grow old with until god calls you home 33
Trivia Answer: Donkey Kong!
Come out tonight for more trivia and doctornk specials.
Starting a list of women solpreneurs who use pinterest for business.
Reply with your Pinterest professorle link if I should add you.
What's wrong with his head?
Looks more like a balloon than a dog...
yeah kinda and about track ;
i39;m pretty sure i can show the harrassment started when eat a d was misinterpreted,u misinterpret alot too
Well...
I guess this is as bad as my life can get.
Congrats to and on their noms for best improv group in the comedy awards!
lmao.
You do it, I'll be your partner.
Misaligned expectations and poor communication is always dangerous
What was the name of the book they referred to?
: Sunday screeningis full, but there is still room for the Monday screening and for both shows of GoneWithThePope!
Clean up on isle three, there was to b heard of a doctornk cart doctorver.
Rangers are losing.
Good.
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket.
Adam Sandler
She's thankful for everything you just don't listen enough.
On a happier note, don't forget to wish Billy Joel a happy birthday  he's 63 today!
:
Cream cheese and a bagel, orange juice, and yogurt is how winners eat!
Ewww a lot of these dudes are gay undercover !!
What we're thinking about in right now: how can we acquire the Elephant 6 archive.
Mitt Romney is on the record as opposing samesex marriage or civil unions, the he does oppose incinerating gays after public show trials.
THANKS FOR ASKING!!!
George Michael's Amazing is among my favorite songs EVER.
I haven't stayed up this long in who knows..
But goodnight everyone  Hope seniors were turnt up!
good choice!
No I doctorve for about 5hrs
Spent day in archives researching a new acc  scrapbook and letters to/from staff at Northshore estates 19111940s.
LoveMyJob
Will do!
movie was great except for the assholes behind us.
Tell matt we said hi.
Wanted to be there tonight, fwiw.
Well they're all unisex.
Still want a M or would you rather have a S?
awesome!
We love Vinceso talented and his pieces are so versatile.
AMEN.
is this u?
RT Packing for trip to LA: Push up bracheck Hair extensionscheck Soulchecked at the door
I listen to such sad music.
Don't feel good  staying home onna Friday night like a loner
dammit, Stephanka!
You ruined it!
Now everybody knows lol
bare down
LOVE THIS!
RT Friendship makes prosperity more brilliant, and lightens adversity by dividing and sharing it.
Cicero
vegas time!!!!
oh hi :D
I just supported Torah Academy in the Kohl's Cares for Kids 10M Giveback Contest!
RT : I'm so excited for Russell that I thought Seattle picked me!!!!
OnWisconsin
thanks back to you and the other organizers.
really good planning.
tell her she's white.
followed you back love :
the party!
says do yourselves a favor and get Julian Casablanca's version of I Wish it was Christmas Today
Once he get it im putting my two wks notices inthen packing to leave the Houston 
Messagetomyex use less teeth
HIM  He Is Mine
Trucks by DuckDuckMoose is a big win in the preschool dining distraction category.
Fine, Paul's was slightly better.
following u!
Good morning everyone...Have an incredible Sat:
Crisp autumn morning, Will was in a fantastic mood on the walk to school.
Who's going to the Hounds game tonight?
The MLL Commissioner will be there!
Taking the Biology EOC.
Luckily I don't have to go to 14 period
: Ron, I demoed hear it, read it classics at IRA2012.
Really cool.
Awesome!
proud to work with Sourcebooks on these!
and I think he's encouraging people to use words to manipulate the conversation, for a piece of it.
I was wrong in my email, the Badger game that day is at 11.
We have 3 openings to volunteer at the Greater Chicago Food Depository on Nov 1st 9noon  Who wants to help?
11:11  I Wisj Everything Would Go Back To The Way It Used To Be .
.
NFLPA GC says trying to reduce hits during practice, more number of hitsincrease in longterm effects.
Trying to make game safer.
I Got This Track Im Bout To Send you.
Want Your Opinion On It  If I Should Release It Before I doctorp The Mixtape
damn im glad that im not the onle one that can see right thru her  her CONSTANT doctorMA!
if you Foollow Me I Would Be The Happiest Angel Ever Just That Feeling Of Knowing That Out Of Everyone Else YOU Noticed ME!333
I don't want him to come back
Jose Baselga Phase 2 to successful Phase 3; historically success rate 18.
I wonder what it sits at over the last decade?
I remember your bday wishes.
Thank you.
Yes, that's it...research.
Ha.
i love seeing if people text back and actually want to keep a conversation going...
when do you get them of?
I just got a chain :/
I love seeing posts like these.
Congrats!
:
Off to meet with some of the people at to talk about Twitter in a bit.
Looking forward to it!
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Aldous Huxley, Complete Essays 2, 192629
RT  Album STRANGE CLOUDS is available NOW!!!!!
Go to Itunes and support great music!!!!
oh did u ever get to meet the McClain sisterzzz
I want quik but my kitchens too far 
Thanks glad you enjoyed it!
And thank YOU for the talk : 
Bears defense is as bad as Lovie as Dayquil spokesman!
Now I'm sniffling, sneezing, aching and can't sleep.
great seeing you and listening in on you at heartcamp!
You rocked!!!
:
Pretty good, thanks!
I can't really complain.
Now I want to marathon Girls tbh
lol!
At least you tried!
Gotta cure this hangover.
Fck, I don't seem to learn.
Good morning!
We got a bunch of new followers over the weekend thank you for all the support and welcome to the HC family
SCMS11 talk tip of the day: The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause Sam Clemens.
it doesn't feel like i have a final tomorrow.
please follow : she has great tweets
: Smfh!!
Lmaooooo I wanna see him though!!
But NOT on his terms....on mine!!
Imisternningshit duuuuhhhh.
Lol
Playing tomorrow night!
Halloween party!
Free admission!
All this time you were using me; I have to go and get myself away from you
doctorving while texting is dangerous.
I would never do that, besides I don't have time I am too busy eating spaghetti
Hi Dorothy, Thank you for the follow.
Stuart
wwquestion An artist
Michele Abbott
nope text me back
the same people?
literally?
how do you know?
you're just jealous...
Good Night!
Sweet doctorams!
:
I like that you didn't retweet the rest of Kurkjian's tweet.
: OH you don't have to reinvent the wheel, just make it not wobble so much WITHsdom
congrats on making 's 101 list!
You were a great venue for our holiday party!
that was hilarious!!!!!!
Jessica'sSinging Recorded Priceless:
haha, yes actually.
Got the recipe off of pinterest :
But they're separate runtimes, and should be separate files on the disk.
Or so I thought.
Thanks friend.
I read your bullying piece today and couldn't comment yet.
Too emotional still.
Sounds like a busy day, Melinda!
Good luck with your presentation tomorrow.
RT : Q3 Meeting the requirements of the Customer, Usability, Quick Adoption
Today's a big day nervous !
A GIFTED MAN was FORGETTABLE.
Both CBS shows were cancelled.
searching for an ACCOUNTANT II and Acct I in St Pete, Clearwater, and Tampa areas email RESUME to 
heheh feel better my little patient 
Well we will just need to be spontaneous.
Ah...
Pain is subsiding...
Time to get out of bed and into the shower and then to the doctor before painkillers stop working!
See y'all l8r!
SORRY, I DO NOT SPEAK MOON MAN
Glad to be surrounded by my people finally!
MOUG is well underway!
I got school tomorrow .
Sometimes being single is your comfort zone.
Ask yourself what is so scary about being in a relationship?
Couldn't agree w/ you more.
It's not like Lucroy is Henry Blanco at the plate.
This has been the longest day of my life and I'm finally in my bed
FatherGod gave us HIS Words  as we speak them our youth is renewed like the eagle'sSpeakingWriting in Spiritual Heart.
Need help with your NEH Challenge Grant app for special 2yr college competition?
Don't worry.
Staff will read doctorfts through Jan 2011.
blah blah blah blah REMATCH blah blah blah blah!!
how many teams in the league and what kind of scoring?
: Pray so hard, devil tryna find me..
haha!
Cats does kill CARL!
Polaris can handle cats though.
I like cats, so I'm happy!
cool, now I have to go nvm and tweak old galleries
everybody put your motherfuckin hands up and follow me.
Everybody put your hands up....
Eminem follow me;
Interested in actively engaging your customer?
Suggest taking look Comment Boards: Roseville CA, South Loop Chicago, for example
People who lie!
Doing what is right is easy once you decide what is the right thing to do...Never do anything just for the money' George Sheehan
Right back like I never left !
what?
: Bitch I said I was Amazing.....
Not that I'm a Mason
Sex ain't better then love
So many men so little aspirin.
Faaiz from eSpark is excited to be attending conference this weekend in Chicago!
RT : Usually I would turn my phone off...not anymore
I love watching SouthBeachTow , There's some crazy ass people in Miami.
NoPlaceLikeMiami 3
Most of us could use it.
CJ's got some nice moves!
Let's get some goals early!
Chris no more comments please B4 TB12 gets killed
Glad I voted today and my family did.
Glad to be going to bed knowing at least I cast my vote.
Tonight would feel much worse if I didn't...
RT : What if Algebra teachers are really pirates, and they are using us to find x so they can find the treasure?
He that divines the secret of my music is freed from the unhappiness that haunts the whole world of men.
Beethoven
If you are a guy and you doctorss up and pose for your icon, I laugh at you every time you pop up on my TL.
doctorss up is for the ladies.
We've got tons of the real stuff too...
And it's real good.
I CAN DO ANYTHING!!....
except for sleep...
This doctoramchasers2 is bananas
Omg.
No way.3
hahaha good!
Good cause if not!
We gonna function on Saturday?
Or why
DID YOU BUY TICKET?
It's Awesome!
:
its supposed to be awarded after 3am so I'm guessing its a GMT/timezone bug.
Just discovered there's a German on the !
I'm going to Germany next year  think he will teach me German?
cc:
MAY 28th K N BULLThe Sunset Island Music Battle of the Bands We will be GIVING AWAY PRIZES TO SOME OF THE FANS THAT ATTEND see you there
Thank you so much
Jahaan has no filter.
I love it hahah
yeah, I've only been there twice, but I really like it there.
Always an excellent selection of interesting beers
Burnett: I love eminem!
Blonde: The candy mm?:Burnett: No the rapper.!
Blonde: Ew why would you love the wrapper?!!!
haha
We are moving again!
But keeping our house here to rent, so maybe we'll be on the same fixup timeline as the cottage.
: 
I have a fat blister on my heel :
Thank you, for your support on Twitter yesterday.
Yes, we agree with you, great candidates!
Nice to hear practical arguments for a change..
Excellent talk!
ok.
Im only 5 minutes away from the station.
Eben!
Are you singing there?
When can I come see you?!
I really should do this laundoctor
Sometimes I like spam accounts.
RT Ziegenhagen, in turn, used to live with musicians and had been impressing upon...
Just scored another AList Interview for our Debut Issue.
LOVE this job!
Love it!!!
Office talk on crazy breakfast items from Jack in the Box and how all they need is a final pour of gravy or syrup.
Ow, my
I cant wait for Spring Break so i can take the sunday opens again : love your choreo Jona your an amazing teacher!
xoxo
Very lame!
THIS TWEEKER BITCH!!
She wants 2 keep talkin her shit to my cuzn n bout my family imma fuk her whole world up!!
We analysed 1.2M service desk tickets logged Jan 2010  June 2011: more than 42 were for Microsoft Office.
Consistency is the key to a massive following, longevity in biz  higher professorts!
RT walking into my room.bro:playing my ps3.me:what are you doing?bro:what does it look like,painting a picture.me:that would be better.
They also killed him for his glasses.
Which leads me to: I haven't seen so much red since they killed Piggy for his glasses.
Doors for the Harlem Globetrotters open at US Bank Arena in about 30 minutes.
Plenty of time to doctorve down here  catch the 7:00pm show!
haters too many of them

glambert It's time for Dewey attys to leave.
The writings on the wall.
Enjoyed Shen Yun Performing Arts at Portland's Keller Auditorium on Friday.
About to record a freestyle video to 1 of beats
that.is.awesome.
DM your number so i can hit you up tomorrow or something
3 in the air if you just don't care' 
because they're bad at just about everything :X
: A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.
And lovin every minute of it.
Direct Energy Regulated Services Announces Natural Gas Rates for May 2012
does ever get tweet limit?
hm
Happy Friday!
Sushi Bar Specials!
Oh canada!
Let me tell you, Canadians LOVE sasquatch!
I met so many beautiful, kind and wonderful Canadians this weekend!
I 3 Canada!
to teens, email is slow, adult, formal
Toonami is coming back
is it bad that I saw a beer in the fridge and my head started to hurt?
We need more grassroots initiatives like in Baltimore!
thanks for the follow back!
I think I'm finally over my addiction to Qdoba.
There's one next to the hotel, and haven't had any urges.
Now on to that nasty coke habit
And Kyrie said he's in it for the long haul.
I've heard that before.
I'll believe it when I see it.
I cannot take the X divider in blog titles anymore.
What an utterly terrible and ridiculous idea that should have died 3 years ago.
Out of the 3.30 rebuy.
77 runs into TT.
55 then loses against AT.
Good news is we did not have to use our add on
we have seen launch blistering criticisms of his rivals for mayor  negative campaigning...
My kitty is snoring .
How yall doing??x
Started our fall Hauntathon last night with the awesome Japanese movie Dark Water.
A MUST SEE for all horror  haunted house movie fans!
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!!
:
Round 2 of the roundtables underway.
This session to conclude at 11:20 a.m.
I thought the movie started more slowly than you did.
RT : Buffer Tip: Did you know you can doctorg your professorle pictures on the Buffer dashboard to reorder your accounts?
RT : Love hearing that Kaufman, Milloy and more are at the Spring Game.
Can't hurt with all the recruits there.
You know you're the reason for my tears..good and bad.
If only i had stayed :/
Good night beautiful tweeters :
Simple Plan  This Song Saved My Life
Owm too New York :
I'm gonna have to go home to a bubble bath and a massage on a Friday night.
Like soon.
evaluates life
It's going to be a great weekend!
Can't wait to get to  hear MUSIC!
ACLFest :
Planning and cancelling a trip to Syria is now officially an annual ritual feature of my life.
damn.
Nice run, lady!
Keep up the great work..one day, me and my lady are going to do the same work you do...here in NM.
Your awesome!
if we were all the same then there would be no problems...welcome to my house party!!
Thanks Kelly!
We r pumped!
You are the reason i got into music.
As Nasty As They Wanna Be was the first album i bought.
After that it was on.
BrowserQuest doesn't work on my Evo 3D.
It would if it was built in Flash!
did it live tonight...did you?
Regardless of circumstances, each man lives in a world of his own making.
If all goes according to plan, book comes out this spring!!!!
Yeah!
hey, sorry we didn't connect last night.
How 'bout we try to meetup tonight at supermeet?
Time is goin by so slow today
Wew!
Up for the day!
Wow.
Not trusting you with that again.
My weekend started out pretty damn good lmao
Its hard for good people to imagine that someone could be so bad.
So cute !
I'm a working woman again....
Mothers hold their childoctorn's hands for a short while, but their hearts forever.
Author Unknown
Not many followers yet :

hosts the party  Special guests    Text 818.602.7374
Lawrie should be suspended.
The ump should be fired.
Mad at you.
Hookah Friday?
Fuck it why not!:
Too many Boy/Men today undereducated, lazy, dead enders, who play games more than live real life.Amazing how many women settle for that.
love you to!
And thank you so much for coming Val it means the world3
Wonder how he squares that with immorality  selfishness so many people faiths see in his support of Ryan shredding safety net
Listening to 's weekly This WeeK In Startups discussion group at one of my favorite parts of each week
blah im sowwy
it's an early night for me, good night y'all.
Tstorm just in time for the party.
Hope everybody shows up anyway!
Best thing about being a photographer: I get to tell people I want to shoot them.
Why do us girls give our boyfriends the weirdest nicknames?
I call Joseph, Booogabutt!
No idea where that came from.
Lol 
You can only decide how you're going to live
Cereal time
Hour and a half wait?
Worth it.
On the way to the Hong Kong airport to go home....
Leaving makes it all feel like a doctoram
i didnt just call you fat Wait...
What?!?
Uh KIDDING!!
hehe
thank you for the helpful tips!
Did you stop running for a period of time and if so, how long?
Must cross train now!
Thanks!
workout semisuccessful, lsot and then refound my earrings, now a never ending meeting that will probably kill my soul.
That's odd.
Three cheers for free books.
On our way to the main library.
Bulls win!!
Great win by the Bulls at the end.
Great seeing D.
Rose starting to get his game back.
They know how to make a game exciting.
Love this!
RT : McGinty: his Boss Boyd character on boardwalkempire, name is a tip of the hat to an archivist
Look at you being all cheesy!
You are one big ham!
The smell will always remind me of my grandparent's home when I was a kid.
M....
everyone is welcome to come to my place to hang tonight
am I correct to assume you met Nas and jigga?..must have been dope haha so how it goes it fam bizzle?
Honored to receive the COPE San Mateo County Labor Council endorsement for reelection to the SSF City Council.
Thank you Labor friends.
My mom  I can say So good just like Sophia Grace  Rosie!
Its our comeback for everything now.
Haha!
:
San Antonio is a perfect vacation spot!
Experience the RiverWalk, enjoy great food and relax in a luxurious hotel.
Rap is cursed with to many money motivated rappers.
If all you rap for and grind for is money then you missed the point of music entirely.
Wow thanks for the follow in Singapore!!!
While I love a maxi doctorss, it can sometimes overwhelm a small frame.
Pay attention to silhouette  volume when choosing one.
is searching for rug hookers who tweet.
seems like tweeters are taking up rug hooking, but not the other way around.
thank u : lol do u remember me?
i am shaymitchnavy but this is my account i used til i remembered my pw to the other one
Since I made this movie, I'm having a lot of trouble believing that our government is looking out for our best interests.
Duh!
Sneeze with your eyes open is impossible.
Good morning!
Have had an awesome day!
well then pop, whiskey, or water....you are absolutely BEAUTIFUL!
I have a cold but I'm doing alright.
Just trying to keep busy and work on my hustle :
Just two days left to tell us how you votesmart and enter a chance to win our Project Vote Smart teeshirt!
it's a pleasure to be in great company
that means u have to put in a transfer and move with me!
You have a year n some change to figure it out :D
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
Answering a question with a question...really?
Wen i get bk ima give u the golden nugget.
Ive seen glory
This is my obligatory I'll be spending my birthday at this weekend, woo Vegas tweet.
:
This right knee is giving me the blues right now.
Been sore for about 2 weeks.
This story is actually kinda interesting
To be perfectly happy it does not suffice to possess happiness, it is necessary to have deserved it.
Victor Hugo
Niggas Can't Keep Up, Chicks Wanna Hold Me Down, The Man On My Ass Cause I'm Getting Money Now!
WhatDoYou call a bee that makes milk?
A boobie
May sign a new rockband in 2012
haha.
I was whipping my hair for like an hour  now my neck hurts so bad...
Yeah, he's too busy throwing himself against the window.
I'm loving this right now.
You're stressing so much and I don't give a fuck.
Pero no te metas conmigo que yo tengo lengua mala!
just put my hair up to clean.
shit just got real.
me too!
TheSportsHorn said early in doctorft process last year that TJ Yates was the 1 Sleeper QB in the doctorft.
Houston listened
Congratulations to and on the birth of their healthy baby daughter!
I love that!
It was so much fun seeing it during the super bowl.
I think it actually won best commercial.
Hey twitter land who wants to chat
Souffle, blini, panfried potatoes, applegouda sausage and mimosas.
This is brunch.
Kevin Nash might have something to say about that
I AM NOT DISAGREEING WITH YOU.
you should come see me tomorrow!
you suck!
I wanted to reweet your tweet!!!
Looking for a new place to call home???
Call us today 858.279.7410
I sure hope Goose survives this one.
The world could use a few more piano playing fighter pilots.
syracuse and indiana game means nothing to me as far as my bracket.
my east region all screwed up.
All I can think about is getting YOU home !
liam baby hello :x
Prostate Pops
A day at home?
I can't believe it!
To the theater later, though...closing weekend!
Bbaica is similar to Plavac Mali, but more acidity and leaner.
Figs,ripe plums, herbs, sea, cherry, dirt all in one.
Women, did you grow up believing you had to leave your femininity behind in order to succeed?
NOT TRUE!
5Words ...Custom Website Design  Development.
Starting off Tuesday with some fat rips of Super Oasis OG.
Straight fire!!!
was amazing!
Great snow.
Thanks Tommy for the freestyle lesson.
Great times!
ItGetsMeMad when people don't know that I can help them and they lose their homes :
Woke up fucked up
AAPL stock down today...propelled by prescheduled insider sales of shares, or the market sensing a real problem?
buyingopportunity?
we would love to have you!!
See you soon!
Take it to the hoop , strong , PLEASE.
Go Celts !!!
Why Attend NRA Show 2012?
Why Attend NRA Show 2012?
After several grueling years, restaurant industry sales are beginning to roar ba
Obligatory lottery tweet.
Great keynote by Pam Sherman, the Suburban Outlaw at
it's the cloud life
Working on my new website  should be ready by next week!
Day 1 complete.
What new ideas/resources did you learn about today?
thevoice is awesome!...shall I dare to say better than idol?
WE are on twitter now!!
STAY CALM AND RAISE THE JOLLY ROGER.
Come on Dads lets hear it.
Worst gifts so far?
Dont worry if your kid's on twitter, you deserved the can of nuts  stupid tie.
Horrible service
ohh I see!
I dont either :/ haha who'd you hangout with?
Its not too early to start thinking about the perfect Valentine's Day gift!
We're in a good place...
Boozer don't make come back to Chicago early just to ask you what the hell you're talking about.
You're down 31!
Working on beta of SDEMI.org Website!
had never heard Freebird in his entire life , WOAH
I like listen to songs from while I'm doing homework.
Their music makes me focus well.
50 off 8x10 prints through mpix.
Use coupon code fall8x10sale at checkout.
Table of contents' multiplicity of writers deconstructs solitary genius in 1838 Forget Me Not.
Already getting ready for CincoDeMayo!
lol check em out jesus h.
flint esquire an fidel havok
Norv coaches to a 24 pt win with a decimated Oline.
How bad is he?
Fire him?
Let's finish the season.
Q: How to defeat killer bots?
A: Send em candid pics of congressman
Tweet....
Tweet....
Haha I'm tweeting
You know when you wake up and you can't decide whether you want to use the restroom.
I really have to but I'm soo tired!!
One of the sorrows of middle age: seeing all my friends struggling with ill/disabled/diminished/dying parents.
I'm actually missing already.
YEE im excited for your party on Twitter lol 3 text ya
Except then I'm still out 50!!
They already charged me...I'm super patient with this sorta thing but it's getting ridiculous
Can't wait to hang out and hear you make some magic.
Picture of President Obama  Impact Font  MAKING A DIFFERENCE HERE PEOPLE.
Isaiah Thomas is proof the Blazers scouting department needs to be replaced
Just got done with Shoot around at Bishop Hartley HS  on way to go watch Lake Catholic play
u not gone b satisfied until ur laying on the floor huh
Time to bring in the plants and build a fire, freezing temps for morning.
Yea..
being away from somebody you care about is indeed the worst.
get off my back!
Fun!
RT : Looking forward to a fun weekend It's going to be loud with monster trucks and Nickleback!!
Watching Midnight!
One of my favorites.
Even if Donna isn't actually in it.
thanks: but im not going to Tmc until Friday ...i have soccer games this whole week.
This Saturday will be the presenting sponsor at the first home game!
Whos attending?
http:/www.lacomfotzone.com for massage oils, edible tasty oils, and novelties...
i was inspired by yr tweet to make my own chicken salad  homemade aioli mustard mayo, almonds, breadbutter pickles.
YUM.
So if no ones on twitter and everyone's on Facebook what will happen when a killer tracks Justin bieber and kills him .
.
.
Happiest day of the yearthe coffee shop in Clark has reopened.
HahahahaRT : Tries to discretely buy condoms.
Can we get a price check on small Trojans?
It's the show that gives you that I'm gonna have a six pack after all this laughing feeling 
don't hate on Zooey!
I named my first born kinda sorta after her.
I didn't do the recording; the moderator, Julia Rios, did :
You shouldn't be so hard on yourself
Belize run ins always make my day!
go pick tomatoes from our place, we have 30 plants
We can be strong!, just follow the unicorn on the road to love3
Sleep..
Up at 7am to study, finals at 1 and 4:30 and I'm DONE!!
Orlando Fun Fact: Semoran Boulevard was named as such because it runs between SEMinole and ORANge county.
lord no haha my muscle just wasn't agreeing with the implants so he has to go deeper in my muscle haha
I'm a little disappointed to see that actually tweets instead of just letting do it all.
I know 
Who is the president we need but probably won't get elected?
I will be soon!!
Doug Cuomo's Black Diamond Express Train to Hell based on the sermon of Reverend A.W.
Nix will premier on Dec.
3rd at Carnegie Hall
IfOnlyICould Make A Phone Call To Heaven .
R.I.P papa I really miss you being here with me
: The final resting place of the space shuttle Enterprise will be the Intrepid Sea, Air,  Space Museum in Manhattan.
very cool
she had on the cutest skirt
I'm high ass fuc
I remember that too!!
sadly I won't be in NY when it premieres.
Will be out of town.
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me 3 : 6
o dates!!!
Fun fun
:P emerging economies Baby Food Market  Opportunities in Emerging Markets Report
So many things to do today.
.
Thanks Scott!
I totally agree!
It's so good to be respected again.
Here's to ANOTHER great season.
good night, btw you sound great
He's very good at scoring runs against the West Indies!
Love is/what makes us/human
given that they're now reporting 785 homes destroyed, it really is appalling.
well tomorrow we can celebrate a tiny bit, but not enough to jinx it.
For some reason I was just reminded of a person that got upset with me because my Sugar  Skype link didn't work without Skype.
Facebook disabling accounts for no reasons.
Imma leave that shit.
I can now officially cross channeling my inner Johnny Cash by singing at a prison off my bucket list.
Monday night happy hour starts...now!
herb and sushi, oh my god, my knees are weakened..but i cant do it 2nite
were the fork is my ipod..
i needa follow Carlos on Hallo
Congrats to Spencer Locke who has just booked NCIS!!!
Year of the pumpkin!!!!!!!
getting a visual of an 80's you singing along with a hairbrush, oversized coat  hat
Rep.
Graham says he doesn't know the line between RP and and good law enforcement.
We suggest ERPA help to doctorw that line
that's almost anywhere u go bro!
haha I know, every new girl I meet here on twitter or outside of tweeter I tell her she's beautiful, I've always done that ;
Platonic love?
Is it really possible.
Painting my place today and then off to Hollywood for an ASCAP kickoff with the lovely and my fellow artists!
Thanks for the follow Marlon!
Good to hear from you!
Brown bag special at the health department ;
Although it has whipped my ass, I will never give up on love, it's the ultimate high...
7 am wakin' up in the morning, gotta look fresh, gotta go downstairs, gotta have my bowl gotta have cereal....
good luck Alex 3 you can do it:
lol that's better
New engines in the supply chain may not use ONIX, which is forked anyway, will use mechs like OPDS bisg mip12 per
o RT : no one cared young one.
it was a joke.
you must calm your ass all the way down.
It is officially my birthday !
Seconded.
I also enjoyed the President Can't Swim line.
First time I've heard that one.
cc
The avengers....
Finally!!!!!
Yay!
I'm glad I can do do from a distance.
Hahaha.
Listening to preach WaitingRoom!
Great stuff!
yea.
listen to mary 3x
Love being able to not have a time savings thingamagig lol
Great to see you yesterday.
diet coke  liquid fun
It costs nothing to listen to the showwhich is about listening to your own guidance, no need for counselors.
5 AM is a cruel joke on mankind.
i'd like my sleep back, thank you....
A perfect Thursday night!
Enjoy your evening and have some fun along the way.
:
RT : RT : Q4 Prepare and outline or template of a solution to a issue.
Customize it for employers...
time to get Paid In Full!
Makes two of us.
.
RT : On the KipCamp agenda today: Streamlining your digital life.
Then meeting with John Glenn.
haha aww.
The only way to get better us to keep translating.
You'll get there.
:.
After school I'll probably be working.
i gota question bout this mixtape cover ima inbox you
BuffettWatch Good news, yes!!!
Negativity gets old!!!
Im so irritated me and the I started listening to mindless behavior, they make me feel good.
What a fun show!
Thanks for coming!!!
I love you guys.
Marc Staal ftmfw last night.
Damn and I was asleep.
Don't forget to turn in your Nominations and reservations for the recognition event!
Nominations are due in less than a week!
You survived bday fun at the Nitty Gritty?!
Have fun on break Jess, and please don't spend your bday spoils at Waffle House :
Yuck and thank you.
: Feel like they could play 500 minutes and not score tonight.
Tryin to keep up with so much going on today.
I'm ready to get home and crawl into bed already.
Lord give me strength!
LMAO, that's pretty much the best way it could ever go down, daps
This damn train ride is killing me
Today Emmet when to big boy day care for the first time.
I am a mess.
I totally agree!
If he was even as dark as James I would think it was weird.
Kendall is a sex god
Can you break that remark down for me, about sexuality meaning nothing to an insecure woman?
this is true, if she's not well I lose every bit of sleep.
How cool is that?
Love Reddit.
AH!
Just got my bubbi brush and i am so happy i almost cried!
I love it!
Thanks so much!
That is also when I started to love them!
nbafinals sidenote: remember when volkswagen commercials were clever/funky/intelligent/unique?
doctoraming bout tha next step.
Not minding wit tha n on tha front steps.
We out here grindin chasing pay checks.
Happens when I've selected a twttter professorle  am trying to reply, RT or DM.
Sometimes the icons show up, sometimes not.
Y?
Easter Egg Hunt 1pm today at McKee Farms Park in Fitchburg, sponsored by your Fitchburg Lions Club!
thank you all so much for all the support.
you all are truly wonderful.
See last tweet  Chicago is booked 
All day Baltimore had been burned on 3rd and long.
Everybody follow
RT I think you need to take a shot everytime he goes with you kiddin' me?
New  Improved res system?
It's been offline for a week!
Now you want to price gouge me.
No thanks, i'll try
Turiaf doctorVES ME NUTS!
Im not even basing it off his game/or ablity.
Im off him b/c of his braids and his abe lincoln beard.
Thank you for the follow as well.
Have a great weekend.
Boxwire will change the way you get feedback from your customers.
ha nope I told him there was a Toyota Yaris that just became available and that the Jeep belonged to a customer so he took the Yaris
alex constancio rocks
I'm partial to books in print too.
However, I love learning about all the technology and options that go along with eReading.
Good morning twitter I'm back in the ATL :
: tis a great day for that, gotta lvthis ny weather we having huh!?lol always great weather when ur a champ
you tell them Ross ;
A year after my now fully repaired classic Mustang came out of the body shop I find out USAA declared it salvage.
USAA sucks!
truth...
and I get to enjoy the look on their face when they think about how to do that...
grin
Too much work, too little time!
Usually not the biggest Kane fan, but that breakaway shot was fantastic
Tryn to burn but got no L like the 72' dolphins.
Thats that shit i dont like!
Omg just had the biggest EYE GASM!!!!!
Transformers was so frickin' Awesome !!!!
that makes two of us
Rick Prelinger  Facebook gets it: our personal histories are as much about what we consume as what we produce
Qr codes are most popular among those with purchasing power
The long journey earns its destination.
lol sounds like u had fun
Meaning these Twitter takedown campaigns often feel more like laser sights than spotlights.
Everyone likes my shirt:D
I think the ability to instantly open up  gut your own work like a fish is useful in the early stages but damaging later
That is a thing of beauty...
I'm considering occupying the Occupy movement.
By that, I mean, I'll be gainfully employed, shaved, and showered.
Larry H.
Miller Hyundai Albuquerque is proud to be participating in the Making Strides Against Breast Cancer 5 mile walk on May 1st, 2011.
thanks Kendall!!
You make it easy!!
Xoxo
Ack, why does this file keep reappearing in my home folder...
C:nppdf32Logdebuglog.txt
For those who like me, raise your hand.
For those who don't, raise your standards.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Mandy!
Nice meeting you at my place today
Craving Frozen yogurt!
Taco Tuesday at tonight.
All you can eat taco's for 5.50.
Can't beat that!
Real.
Talk.
Be sure to watch trombonist on SNL tomorrow might with !!!
Tardy to the party !!!
FOLLOW THE DOVELY LADIES OF THE LETHAL LAMBDA LAMBDA CHAPTER OF ZETA PHI BETA SORORITY, INC!
Rinny looks beat.
Unrelated: 27 to 80 is ridiculous
Under no conditions will Repubs raise taxes on wealthy yet willing to increase taxes for middleincome.
Any wonder I fed up by this attitude
I agree!!
I think its a fake bach party!!
need a follow?
hit us up
Becca bailed on the sympathy cleanse and ate a turkey sub in front of me.
Exquisite torture.
Hope this Brazil nut milk will kill the pain.
2011.10.09 Brewers 9 Cardinals 6 postseason  Game one in the books / Braun, Prince and Yuni go long / Miller Park explodes
I hate politicians.
Why is contraception still controversial?
Hey GOP1965 called, it wants its debate back!
I am ready to rock n roll today!
Have a great Tuesday!
Have a full day planning to hit the eastbay today  tomorrow!
Can a nice glass of wine really make things better?
calling someone a crack whore is far worse than dumbfk, there's no proof that shes a crack whore, sounds like defamation
So he took his time to doctorw a dinosaur on the board dude really smh
So I cry at weddings.
Don't judge me.
you never fail until you give up
omg..you guys should stick to BBall, you're hatred of hockey is palpable.
Obviously kicked in.
Puck changes speed
is pulling a 48 so I can be off for Easter.
This just in: ESPN petitioning MLB to end the season tonight so they can award Matt Kemp the triple crown.
No more boot!
I'm free!
Haha, good!
I was like, Crap, Caitie's getting all of this.
How obnoxious am I?
I can remember mine like it was yesterday.
Oh the fun I had with my Dad.....
lo your a dumb fuck
Yeah dnt get n trouble
I'm tired af.
Aw.
Too cute.
I r baboon.
sending jenny tea paola and rachel the picture of my crush and getting back he's hot ; im just that good LMFAO
Oh man.
Granted, I paid to see his movie/glorified book commercial, Think Like a Man.
Which was illuminating.
Star Shorts
would I be doing to much if I asked for your number
comeing home soon?
office jailbreak  it's friday.
It's 5:45pm  it's nice outside
Babe Ruth was the other Yankee.
Giambi's slam gave the Yankees a 1312 win over the Minnesota Twins.
I live there as well.
Read your site all last year and when I saw u lived in tville gave me a good laugh.
Small world
HoodMemories ice cream man took paper foods stamps lol..
Not yet.
You have a day left of youth.
what kind of recipes can you use frozen yogurt for?
Cool!
I'll ask around and get back to you.
:
It was existentialism at its finest.
RT : Stop by and see us in the morning at our weekly info meeting.
730 am at 718 E Capitol in JCMO.
Get the facts to be an...
It is with great regret that we exclude others.
completely organic, we're so sorry that most didn't make the cut.
i'm anxiously awaiting your return!
Just sent you a DM with the deets.
Like I said, Lord help us if it really happens.
oh, yeah.
Its just one of those days...
will be coming back in a while
ok good!!
good point, and I think that could play into not wanting to do it.
They're going to try to keep Tebow plans under wraps.
Book your party today!
Beauty, skin care, mens...
Mary Kay has the products you need to look great this Holiday Season
I was looking for a great golf deal and I found it at A.
Groupon B.
Not  LivingSocial C.
Eversave D.
C.
wins!
Like I said: JB VanHollen Republican AG in Wisc., 2 years: no fraud cases brought
Hey guys, I did get the email, it's just not showing up as an event in my account!
will u do me a favor plz
Topics includes Case studies, utilizing specific software packages, new tools and approaches, etc.
Hope that helps.
Enjoying my time to myself
So gave me her free doctornk.
We had 2 cappuccini.
Grad school crunch time.
ICONIC BOYS did the best they are awesome
Those were extremely interesting facts!
I will die young, but I'm average....
Millionaire Conservatives buy Wisconsin .
Environment destruction  loss of women's rights to follow.
Hughes and Royce to fight in Brazil....Rumor?
I would.
I just forget twitter exists sometimes.
Stupid weed
wanna make another porn scene at recess
fewer if you know what you doing...
THERE HAVE TO COME AN OLIVE GARDEN IN NETHERLAND !
SO I CAN EAT IN THE SAME RESTAURANT LIKE
Really digging bounce music right now.
Big Freedia!!
True Grit is an amazing film.
Jeff Bridges has yet to disappoint as an actor.
Complete idiots!
Hey Tweeps.
Good AM to you.
Lots to do around KillaCity.
Have fun.
Be safe.
Feliz Cinco de Mayo.
Thanks!
RT : Congrats to everyone that did the heavy lifting to make thatcampphilly happen.
A great two days!
Sean snapped on Burn
to or not to professorle
I'm in love with him
Still really windy in San Francisco and trees and branches are on roads making it tough to doctorve!
Ladies and Gentleman.
Welcome, to my 1,000 tweet.
Hold your applause.
put your survey ?s in the order that makes sense to the respondent, not to you
Sometimes I really wish I didn't have feelings.
SOMETIMES.
First he got sent to war, then he got paralyzed, then he got cancer, then some punks in Albuquerque stole the tires off his truck, dammit.
Finding out you don't got any bacon 
How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?
just emailed you
I'm glad!
And for what it's worth, I really do like what the Bengals have been doing.
Really could be a long term upturn.
Kobe didn't score 45 but Lakers did get the win.
An eight letter word with FIVE vowels in it?
There is one word which qualifies: queueing.
Thanks Coleman!
following wow?
plavaja?
i dont even no her lol
every time i play online pool a bunch of foreigners always talk to me.
lol
same to you brotha.
I know!ight be in Ohio soon.
I'll come through and find you!
Who's creating a Gourmet Marshmallow S'more Pink Ribbon Pops for Boston Bakes?
that's who!
OH, Definitely U2.
The Joshua Tree can't be beat by any remake!
Have a lovely weekend :
I'm doing better.
And I just saw you, crazy girl!3
What, you haven't heard the news?
Mothralike creatures really are invading Philadelphia!
follow precision sports !
In RML's Peruvian papers: a prisoner in secret cell of this Holy Office had to pay the Inquisition 140 pesos for food  provisions: Nervy!
I miss you!
: Nyc misses you!
RT I miss the juice press
Snow, I love you.3
doctoramt about you last night 
howdy!
Great transmedia panel, but I did wish they talked more nuts and bolts than quirky bits.
Esp on scalability, budgets...
I see Brent and I really suck at SCB.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face , it's about having a pretty mind , a pretty heart , and a pretty soul .
Does smoke from Napa county have terroir?
Hey I love you!
Please follow me xoxo
Yea that's been a huge fight on twitter too this week.
I have one question with not an answer to gay thing.
who was that?
We LOVE our new song by Check it out in the music library under the Pop section, great for wedding videos!
Happy to be on this list
loving this episode!
Great job !
Ikr!
What the faaaaack Greys why wasn't that episode the season finale?!
HENRY  tearjerker
Garden Cafe in WoodstockNY RT Looking for veganfriendly HudsonValley restaurants for an upcoming foodcolumn.
Any suggestions?
Nah buddy I'm in FL, let me know when you're around.
Deadlines.
Started a paper today, unable to locate relevant sources, realized paper was due Friday Went running.
Happens to us all the time!
; RT I'm cravin da pink tampico
fuck you oomf, i might go off tomorrow
: Mixed emotions
But seriously, where is Gosling?
THAT AWW YEA VIDEO BY WILL MAKE A NUN SHAKE HER ASS
just entered a contest to win a date with justin bieber.
mildly concerned about what i'll do if i win.
2 of 6 headline speakers confirmed for edui 2012.
Looking forward to JQuery with and LeanUX with More to come!
Thanks.
She's amazing, isn't she?
and I'm back, crazy weekend but happy to be back in the NYC.
Time to get some z's
Alamerain, one two three.
congrats on the new gig when did you start in Spokane?
Yes, but total s of accidents have fallen as well.
RT Dont forget their incorrect weather forecasts and power outages.
They must know people in high places.
Mhm!
got that right !
Wearing one tomorrow:
Define filmmaker.
I've been wanting to make a video for your stuff for a while.
Totally interested.
going alright!
How are you?
good to see you yesterday!
Keep jammin' those great ideas!
who r u
BROADWAY BAR !!!!
did you like all of the Extream Rules results?
:
Happy birthday to my lil homie school day party again...?haah
No, no, thank you for the great content!
I know that.
Most girls are annoying in real life
Cant wait for Kush Hour Tv to return...
Lots of in store for the new season :D
Haha, She's dong great!
Headed to the northwest side of Dupont Circle sometime soon?
Finally figured out how to transfer iTunes music to an Andoctorid phone.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn
A final report of the BRDI symposium will be produced by NAS in June.
Will promote when it's published
I try my best bud
My stache does not seem to be doing much for the Not to mention it's not exactly stylish for a dude in his early 30's.
: Offering someone food and secretly hoping they don't want it.
sorry I'm blowing up ur timeline...;
Hell yeah!
We love Obamacare!
Not So Much.
NoGoodlatte doesn't represent us!
Go !
and
If you ain't got no money take your broke ass home...
I let my daughter know, too.
I miss you , but that won't change a thing.
my bday today!...ohwrk..8L
if we didn't get a conformation email on the DWR and contest, we're still good, right?
submitted three no email...
every time a mother works it not just for her but for her child, every time she cooks, every time she prays its for her childoctorn
BuddyRoemer will be on the Presidential Primary ballot in GA.
Why isn't he in at least one of the Republican debates?
bit.ly/vydKzt
I am home!!
I70 not bad at all so far.
In silverthorne now.
Would describe eastbound as moderate.
I'm rich, with a 'k'
Long hair don't care but it really be weave.
There RT : If we ain't datin or I don't have a crush on u, don't expect me to text first, I'm just puttin that put their...
Another defining moment
Loved shooting Tad Quill's new comedy, BENT.
Amanda Peet  Jeffery Tambor are hilarious!
I don't test or in middle school History class.
I use projects and the end result is a test grade, it works great!
Perhaps Joe Parttime Sanfelippo should look at and to learn how to do the job he's had for four years.
Had the same cell number forever.
I need to keep all my contacts...I must sound like a prick when old friends call to catch up.
WHOS THIS???
This New York weather is just a tease for the upcoming Spring season!
Shut upp!
Totally worth it!
RT : RT : Possibility just did the creepiest thing I've ever done...
: SomethingiLearnedLongAgo: Trust is like a eraser.
It gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
mind is blown.
So true!
I cant expend my 5,000th tweet and the few preceding it on the various atrocities of tonight's show.
Can' break'a my stride, Iron Horse
I probably wouldnt murder you if u paid me....
then again...
how much u talking?..
get it...
talkin?
LMAO
i'll show you the east village, happy hour?
Haha.
That's pretty funny.
70 on the patio already  perfect day for a post work happy hour!
Margaritas poolside just the way to kick off the weekend!
mature and frat dont go in the same sentence.
You need a 
you too!!
thanks so much for coming in!
Dirk!
and 1
GOOD LUCK ARIANA GOOD LUCK ARIANA GOOD LUCK ARIANA GOOD LUCK ARIANA
I'm obsessed with Jake Toranzo Austin Szymanski.
mister Shocket really pisses me off.
i freakin miss u!!!!!!
hows class with out me:/?!
Hi Mark  would you be interested in a demo?
Would love your feedback on GoingOn.
Sounds like you have tremendous expertise.
So disappointed.
all that counts is here and now..
you are so pretty :
: Bad People...Do Not Change.
Repentant People...Change.
doctorM fb
You would be pretty if your teeth weren't so jacked up.
As I'm looking 4 info on promoting a novel, I find myself only caring about following smart people with answers, not trolling 4 followers
Wed Trivia: Texas is the only U.S.
state that allows residents to do what?
Answer at noon.
hahaha.
That is quite unfortunate.
BMF Starts today at Copper Mountain!!
In the area, come take our Burtonized PlaySport for a test doctorve!!
artsummit just got personal challenge, where is env leadership in my cultural leadership syllabus.
Good question!
RT Head of says Brown's bill to make students take SAT/ACT is overreaching.
Hehehe, it's quality not quantity ;
sometimes, i feel like i'm bipolar.
i might as well be...my whole mood has changed.
ohwell not like it was any better to begin with anyway.
How has Holtby done historically in the shootout?
It's been a long hard night, I've got ways to go.
doctornk neighbors at it again .
I wish Frothing Bigots was just a funny band name idea and not an actual segment of voters steering political discourse.
Edwardian is later.
Victorian ended with the Queen's death and Edwardian started with her son.
People just make me wanna smack them across the face : SuperAnnoyed!
I'm fairly sure a pizza w/burger crowns is one more reason for the Middle East to hate us.
My journalism degree was 110 percent not useless for me either  I landed my job straight out of college!
so jealous.
Wish I could've come with you guys.
who wants BEER?!
Tonite is OKTOBERFEST Beer specials ALLNITE wear a beer logo shirt/hat and get in for FREE!
Beerbeerbeer
We are all traveling in this mirage of the world, day after day...not knowing that it is a mirage.
Swami Vivekenanda
1 year Anniversay for PD on April 14.
Look for our 2 new local flavors and store demos that day!
wat is up people
RT IF WHEN READING THIS IT'S LIKE A SCREAMING VOICE IN YOUR HEAD!!!
Omgosh.
Already so many posts to share for mhblogday.
This is going to be a busy day.
I like it!
More than any player in my lifetime other than cal ripkin its really hard to envision PeytonManning in any other colors
By this time next week, you'll STILL be recovering from the HFTwestival.
SchoolMemories Everyone joining in when you start singing the questions song c:
Getting help from a goodlooking guy!
Not complaining:D Lol
Christy Carlson Romano had a successful career.
nope.
I wish
Hi, welcome, Happy Friday, we have taken all the chairs in the area, and oh by the way we are here till 0730 hrs.
Everyone say it with me GROOnah veltLEEnah!
It's almost time for
you already know I ride with the Celtics.
Shopping spree is going on....
My Twitter ain't getting no love :
are you cereal
LasVegas Please tell us when and what team was the 1st one to come to each cup race with a prepared backup car?
Awww thanks, Tony!
: Relationships are like sports teams.
Without the right chemistry you'll never get a ring so well put
Thanks!!!
RT : WOW!
15 years!
CONGRATS!
RT Whew!
One week of anniversary specials down.
One week to go.
Life is beautiful.
Every moment remembered.
Perfectionist?
Cannot succeed without failures!
Have a laugh.
Good night.
dm me ur number ill call u
I didn't even know it was NationalGrilledCheeseDay but I had one for lunch too!
Mozzarella and turkey.
Nom nom nom is right ;
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms who produce Baby Ragers.
Watching an injury heal always makes me feel like Wolverine.
So we fuck till we come to conclusions, all the things that we thought we was losin'
yeah and I have to work till 2:30.
Hoping everyone has a beautiful, safe, long weekend!
Enjoy!
fuck'n up the wildlife...
scouts honor...
got your letter yay!!!!
Thanks so much!
I'll write you back!
XO
that is TOTALLY DISGUSTING!!
At first when I see you cry, it makes me smile.
Got to get te money for summer school ..since financial aid don't want to pay for anything no more
Shabazz Muhammad clearly the MVPfavorite at half.
15 points and 5 rebounds.
But yet you cry when people talk about you...
Thanks for the follow!
Happy to share wine love
If anyone thinks beauty pageants aren't the exact same thing as youth sports, they are sadly mistaken.
hootsuite went down for a few minutes too.
haha, no problems at all :D
: RT : anybody who sees this tweet can you follow and i will mention you to 68,o followers
If a leper gives you the finger, do you have to give it back?
Thank you to our fantastic NACUA members for making the 2011 Annual Conference in SF a great success!
Already excited for Chicago 2012!
Awesome  congrats!
Well deserved!
What is in your opinion the best area to live in the Miami area?
You know why Easter is the worst holiday?
doctorssshorts.
aww thanks love!!
How are you!
Been busy training, becoming unbeatable.
Untouchable really.
Anyways, .....
jersday?!
Thats so lame
Apparently it's illegal to listen to music through headphones.
Bail bonds and pawn shops: the thriving industries of sketchy Las Vegas.
People at Smyth are impossibly nice...
Bad sinus headache today : If anyone needs me send me a text.
I'll be offline today.
ThatMomentWhen someone inboxes you just to annoy you
Thanks for the post shares bethcrivello!
I like the random big band and jazz songs that pandora keeps throwing in my station.
Not sure how they got there, but I'll take it!
TIP TO REDUCE WEIGHT: Turn your head to the left and then turn to the right.
Repeat exercise when offered something to eat...
maybe,maybe not
Since the power is out I went to Pavillions and bought a Tony's pizza.
: /
Thank you and for stopping by my table at the Bremen HS craft show yesterday.
I really appreciate it!!
Come follow my personal twitter!
See what other things I do beside faithful fish :
Glad the Spurs got the W but in all honesty that was a nail biting game in the beginning.
O well We Won!
GoSpursGo  Nite everyone :
I somehow managed to take every course this academic year either as credit/no credit.
Obviously, thats the in me
torture, as always, as well.
Sigh
POPO on loiter squad is hilarious
how r things?
MKE's United Performing Arts Fund is the largest single funder to each of its 15 Member Groups.
Thanks for supporting the arts!
Fight to the death: Full size Mountain back Gorilla v.s.
Full size male African Lion?
Who wins?
How can you argue with a 10.95 steak dinner on your Saturday date night!?
Hangin with the Pirtle brothers minus ....
Have you seen the episode of Iconoclasts with her and Tarantino?
Definitely going to be a good night ;
Jenna bitch!!!!!
so many thoughts here....
Hey Ann Mtg!
Tonight at 730 is trivia.
Play to win 100 off each of your trivia team's registrations for 2013 Ann Mtg
I love twitter.
Its legal stalking
Ya dude
What ever happened to equality?
That moment you don't know if you should believe your thoughts or believe him!
HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork say you need to run to the car to get something and come back an hour later
How would you like to make some  by telling us your experience and opinions of Nike?
Ping back for more info!
:
It will be a lot of fun.
Can only imagine the craigquotes and suequotes that will ensue
That ti song love your life go hard b ut wait til I doctorp that 24 hours a day joint omg lol
Sometimes it be like this
happy birthday, Meanie.
Enjoy!!
:D
Yep.
Flame Alphabet is indeed more interesting than the GOP debate.
Though the prospective future is somewhat less terrifying.
how about Some Nights??
Learned vs.
taught helplessness.
Bad design makes people declare themselves hopeless at things.
some men fail to realize when a female truly loves them.and take advantage of em
Actually making a child fat to keep their health and self esteem low, is considered to be
You've got to find some way of saying it without saying it.
Duke Ellington
Al Hirtt , some dixieland, and a marching band of Flaming 'mos :D
I didn't.
It took forever to get out of the theate.
I need no negative people or things around me I am happy in my life and that's how I want to be
and I had a great time last night.
You guys are great!
When's your next show in Boston?
; kisses and hugs.
Are u over east or still west coast?
Ride or Die, Bonnie n Clyde baby.
All Day Urday Urday
Thank you so much!
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me13
I think my liver went on strike.
Everyone came back alive...
barely.
I'm just to nice of a person.
you reallyclownfearingI have a daughter like that she doesn't like mascots,masks
Now that summer is winding down check out some of the galleries that made this one of the best music summers ever  www.theconcertstage.com
Thx to attendees, volunteers at A Night for Tomorrow, HHC's biggest fundoctoriser last night!
Thx also to , Great night!
BlessThoseWhoThrewAcross For I fear no evil.
Love truth peace freedom and justice.
Almighty
And I need to rub out all the notes in the book that SOMEBODY ELSE DID
sounds like you're confused lol
Even in the darkness of the night, my Lord has scattered stars to enlighten my world.
How can i be afraid?
EtSk
What's to all these effn losers though?!
exitstageleft 
Stoked!!
Seeing Blue October again this Thursday!!
Hell yeah!
:
oh i will!
I'll hang it on my wall.
Hahah
I hate to see the tech community undervaluing the energy space.
Future energy is so fundamental to economy  security
I punched kevin kinda hard , sorry kevin .
Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans ?..'cause it sure misses you!
me and booboo said we need to try it
RT When I say I was just joking whatimisterallysaying is damn I ain't think you would get mad...
get here before 6pm and get a few things for free!!
The Hawaiian phrase of the day is Aloha Au Ia 'Oe and means I love you.
Just 1 of the phrases I am learning b4 my trip.
See my site.
RIP Chuck Brown the city goin miss you man long live the father of gogo
Or insane  lol.
You know all about this age group!
:D
lol have you heard those high notes of his?
Lol
White people are crazy...
Thanks for following Ben!
Looking forward to reading your tweets and connecting.
Thinking about chopping off my mop but idk Ah
Whoever designed those white mostly see thru pants that girls wear is a god in my book
come on bro, you all ready killed the Facebook!
Gotta keep up on the PD happenings
I missed the passive aggressive outlet for my anger and frustration, of which Twitter is useful.
Overeem's lawyer is now trying to get a license for the fall.
Looking for a shorter suspension than a year.
Getting ready for pre
Thanks Paul!
I'll check out your tips.
hope you choose UK so we can get this 2013 monster class started and have 5 consecutive 1 recruiting classes Banner
Would love to see you THREE very soon...
what is going on with game night?
Happy Birthday !
Thanks for a great season, the shot on Virginia, the wins against Duke / UNC, and of course that ACC Championship.
No 1 is going to pick on , do you wonder why?Cause he'll rip them a new 1.More intelligence in his pinky than the rest of the stage.
heck yeah!!!!
it would be nice if u followed me too
if I was a cop you would be in jail.
Vampire Diaries trending worldwide!
yes ..
I woked up ugh
What ass is you showing ?
10 points for the plug!
today is national star wars day MAY THE FORTH BE WITH YOU
dope as fuck so i would really shoot a group of guys up 
Realizing today that owning a growing business can be very overwhelming at times
I sold out.
Today I got an iPhone.
Look at me now!!
One woman, two men, and a game called Touch Me...
Haha gotta 3 my
well that makes one of us..
kids are making some great presentations on apps  web tools : yay!
Burntfoodsmell is always the worse thing to get out of the house.
And clothes.
And the dog.
wishing everyone a wonderful weekend!
TGIF!
DVD cover for doctorve
ah, that makes sense.
I was wondering how the got all the webpages to stick to the screen  it looks as good as paper!
Thank you!
RT Thanks for hosting great fundoctorising event Fri.
nigt!
MegaMillions jackpot rises to 540M, nuts!
pig feet
that's awesome Scott!
Right??
Wouldn't that be awesome!?
:.
Miss u
that's not true at all...teams finish last with stud aces...stud qbs dont
my goodness that looks heavenly
back at it homie.
Wondering the same w your
Hamilton baseball opening day...
Yea man!!
goodluck with the catholic thing!
Haha
Wow ..
Melanie Amaro w R Kelly...
Their performance gave me the chills..
absolutely amazing.
Very close finals..
haha I dont think it really does.., I dont know I've never had one removed haha don't worry
Not yet.
Busy with Passover prep here :
WELL I GOT SOMETHING FOR U TO DO
USGA says Blackwolf Run will not play to its max yardage during USOpenGolf week
Party tomorrow at my friends annies house!:
Senior pranks are coming does anyone remember the one last year?
ya i do
So overwhelmed at workcan I get a clone for a week or two?
Beating your brother in a match of golf winning!
This instagram thing reminds me of something that happened way back in the early aughts.
Whatchamacallit?
Bauble?
Michael Buble?
...hm
is doing it right for MeatlessMonday!
I'm so yolo cause I got ambition cause I get high to balance out my lows
Woke up motivated today!
Washed  hand doctored the car, starting on my room,  getting to run around with me.
BringItThursday!
:D
Noodles  Co.
mac 'n cheese for lunch!
Yes!
Couple bangers, but not top 5.
Shyt!!!!
Now you got me playing Hot In Herre!
just go doctornk with them
needs to rejoin the living.
All work and no play makes me super boring.
:
I thought they were just trying to optimize traffic light timing
There are some dirty ppl in my world geography class, but then i remember its full of freshman.
it's called Beautiful Things by
Actions speak louder than words.
Remember that, Prezzie O.
you're welcome anytime!!
:
Suggestions for a visitor in London, Tuesday evening this week?
My only open time  what neighborhood, event, pub?
Thanks!
Hahaha and not a moment too soon!
Was about to send out the search party
woke up baging B.A.R.
u already no boi
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't saying nothing.
A hundoctord mother fuckers cant tell nothing!
And that's worse than perl how?
;
I think I saw that happen...
I'm excited for the upcoming season.
Keep the UA fball tweets coming guys.
New most interesting class: Computers in business.
All lecture about hardware, I actually knew more than I thought.
I DM'ed you:
: F.R.I.E.N.D.S:ight for you.espect you.nvolve you.ncourage you.eed you.eserve you.ave you.
Headed down south tomorrow for some mixing on the new album.
Burrito in LA where should we go?
Plenary speaker is the Bones of architecture.
Likes to see a house flayed.
I have a suggestion for a new name for the developing world.
Let's call it the world.
Hans Rosling
I'm wide awake!
Happy Birthday
Boy, would I like to take a stab at making a better user experience.
great morning
I hate the fact that most pr releases are file attachments to notext emails.
Bad.
yes!
I will happily take care of that problem for you!
; tummy pretzels
face palm
Thanks for the follow!
See ya...
Heck yeah!
Unemployment checks pay for beer, wings and child support
Are kettlebells in the gain fitness programming options?
Thankful for the awesome team.
They just don't preach teamwork, they mean it!
cc:
Just sent my essay off to JEMCS.
Fingers crossed!
aw geez I hate typos
No...wait.
Wait and see what happens, don't jump back in.
Take things slow, sure, and easy.
No rebound
If I were Romney, I'd consider Santorum as VP.
Evangelicals and the Tea Partiers would consider voting for a very moderate Romney.
for the better happy;
thats my point exactly.
so I don't know why you trying to defend her...
Look at what u just said...
Its not adding up
yes exactly!
I need a new pair of flats!
Strasburg nearly went yard, opp field
Oh my.
Now Alex Gonzalez is hurt.
The Brewers are cursed.
With Patrick Murphy ...
he's an old hat at this, showing me the ropes.
Chaplain just passed me a launch mission prayer.
Fitting.
The choice is yours
he was like.
WTF are you doing here?
It's scotch o'clock already?
tell me
Tuesday is Music, Munchies  Margaritas Night.
If u can play the guitar, bring it.
If all u play is the radio like me, then come enjoy.
We are getting some right now.
Through tomorrow.
Not happy.
DJ may not play in the masters.
See last retweet.
Thanks so much Annie!
Shoutout to for rocking his WT interview!
I miss my boo .
These ribs I'm eating
streams with firefox  having no trouble
Peter: He bought a VW bus  is doctorving it back to NY.
He kinda went AWOL.
Me: Sounds fun.
Can I do that?
Peter: You already did.
nah I never played or know what that is.
Lol
That moment when you realize the janitor is hitting on you...and then you look down and realize half your chest is showing.
Lovely.
tipped the hawks by 12.....unfortunatly
haha i KNOW you are not talking Ms.
President!
I fall asleep to early am now im up :
My one bestfriend is the one who understands me the most.
Watching a sad movie with the wife.
Loud n incredibly close?
911 and a son.
Should have kept working.
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare.
I'm introducing ,  to Kazax on Monday!
Hi!
I love the loreal one in the blue bottle.
It is oil free and very gentle.
And, it works!
Greetings, Brick!
Apparently, everyone around me thinks I'm supposed to have something called, A life.
So, I'm going home.
So what do I get when I get it?
got Big Green like the Red Sox
i didn't know!
i like the name of his blog sokillingman.com why didn't i think of that?
Everyone go and follow !!!!
She's one of my best friends and I love her SO much!
P.S she loves !
;D
I really like that the first thing I said to this morning was Wait, what pants?
praying for your grandma
Yeah I feel you on that one.
Iron Man is a tool, Thor is useless and the rest are kind of boring.
captainin America is ok, that's about it.
ha: welcome if you go on youtube and search pacificrimvideopress you can look at all the videos:
Time for Avengers viewing 2 ...
I remember 12.
Hold on for the ride, it only gets better.
you see Madden signed w wild!?
I like it!
Good fit IMO!
Listening to Jon Spencer Blues Explosion  getting ready to record.
sure!
your nor bothering me, haha.
:
Goin to be on this account agian but srry not talkin to any of y'all just her to do the usuall: Also follow my other account
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me.
Kurt Cobain
go to sleep : LOL
Hot girls and cats?!
I think you had the
ah..
Now I'm clueless?
That's cool...typical loud mouth sox fan...
He look like he sleeping forreal.
it's like over my twitter feed haha
Follow like the rodents that listened to the flute of the Pied Piper down to the pier.
Listening to the worst cover of Love Shack ever at Safeway.
oy yey ...
we have all thought it  but never said it
Brett Favre retired!
Is it really true?!?!?!
I sure hope so!!!!
Hey Everyone, DONATE CAN GOODS!!!
Where ever you are, there are a bunch of families who need them.
God will thank you.
Could always use more followers :
RT Upcoming shows AACC: INSIGNIA,  Misha Dacic,'My Afternoons with Margueritte'  much more.
This girl has pink black and green hair.
Her boyfriend wears tall tees ...
I shall assume they listen to Boosie .
Tell the story  Gary Minor
I'm already doctornking coffee!
Told her to send me that pic, so I could get a preview....
Wow....Lockhart finally got some, good for her.
i love love LOVE the boyfriend video!!!
you keep getting better and better!333
Hey  how's the karaoke culture in charmcity?
It's a beautiful day in SanDiego.
What are you doing to enjoy it?
I have so many reasons to let go but I dont know why Im still holding on.
Watching NFL this next season isn't going to be the same
Have you checked out our bike paths in BoyleHeights?
We are right next to Gold Ln Mariachi Plaza.
Stop by our place too!
COME TO AUSTIN NOW
Happy Election year from a friend of Tx for all of your work!
I feel your pain sister and I'm going to shake it off by spastically dancing around the office like Thom.
I hoe this modeling coach likes my photos.
CROSSES FINGERS
I'm picking you up
nice.
I just started feeling 100 today
The promo album we are making for Fictitious is gonna be sweet.
Some of the best hiphop in Seattle right here!
you're probably gonna kill me but I am not coming back this summer.
I got an internship!
But we should definitely chill in day!
Just got a press release about the next Fashion District event.
It's going to be big!!
Carlos Fuentes I start at 7:30 in the morning and go for five hours.
Work for me is a pleasure, both solitary and joyful.
A bit older than that is the classic I Wanna BagIt Up from New Bag City
And that's when the unfollowing starts ;
hello audoctorna, happy wednesday to you
that made me laugh yesterday when you announced it to the tours.
So happy you get to graduate in full garb :D
Thanks for the Retweet Ken.
Nothing like sharing some sunshine on a rainy day.
Haha,im going to text you and talk to yo on here,ok?
At 1pm!
RT : what time will you start handing out those nifty shirts?
1pm or 5pm?
Need to plan my day and it's all...
I am getting on Plenty of Fish, I bet I can find an 18 year old that won't say no on there.
you're having a Justice fashion, starring you
When hitting the gym isn't enough.
Reveal's LaserLipo can sculpt your trouble spots in one inoffice procedure 
Ughh how much longer until my friend gets her unlimited texting!?!?!
Oh wait!
Two more days!
What games today!
Looking forward to Germany vs.
I NEED to hear the Glee cover of Friday.
ber congrats to our intern for being inducted into !!!
it would depend on of it was something I wanted anywa
its MAY today and a while back scooter sed the BELIEVE tour tickets go on sale in may but what date?
2days Boyfriendvideo
Off to Spokane  then Hawaii starting early2mister morning.....it's all biz.....just racking up those miles
revo san Diego's artists include Kelli Murray, Sam Larson, Emily Criscuolo and more!
Follow us on twitter
Hurricane Stories class will read Patricia Smith's Blood Dazzler aloud.
I am a man, a stacker of clean paper./Tiny storms inhale my hours.
My brother has got a severe case of hush mouth after the heat win.
Lol.
Trey.
RT : Ditto.
RT : I heart smart people.
OMG...R U GAY....no fences if ur not
I do.
obvi RT Who wants to fly to Denver, FOR FREE!
to see STS9 Jan 1314 at The Fillmore Auditorium?!?!
can you pretty please with sugar in top wish my sissy a happy 11 birthday she would die and go to heaven!!!
Doing some work, doctornking some vanilla porter.
I wish I was reading a book, but I'll take what I can get.
oh my goodnessso sorry!
one of my colleague's name's is jazmyne and i was just talking to her before i tweeted you!
:

Books worth Sharing  CHILdoctorN  Star Seeker  Jump to Jupiter with US!!
via
Exactly!
RT : ...just poor clothing choices :
Not a space dude but watching this space shuttle discovery final flyover is pretty cool wow right over the trees!!!
haha yah , no gurl i just dont like woman beaters but i can forgive him .
hey!
Hit me up when you get to Nashville
me too.
teamfollowback help him out.
He only has 18 followers plz
Yesterday's lectures on Europe in 1491 and Early European Colonization are still generating emails from students...so that is good.
: for sure!
I've only got it on my phone onlineorganizerproblems.
What's your next session?
Raging fire in Elizabeth NJ mayorbollwage call corybooker right now!!!!

I need to order new glasses.
don't be silly, the blinder the women of the world are, the hotter me and look.
Do u like Miami heat or New York Knicks ?
please tell me:
aw you're growing up are you excited?
Yup.
Nearly broke my hip just tweeting that.
Need Florida Lottery Number get it on Hottest Gay Places at www.hottestgayplaces.com
Nomar Garciaparra retires per ESPN.
I'm gonna miss that toetapping, battinggloveadjusting son of a gun
Awesome time meeting and chatting with last night.
SO excited for her to shoot our wedding!
:
I hope we get to live in a world where receiving attention is somehow work!
you love the slick back!
Its just gonna be a smaller version lol
I wanna go to disneyland!
I graduated with a degree in Business in 1969.
In 2000 I went back to school and got an IT degree.
Take steps to learn and grow to improve U
That's what is for the next day.
:
Additional NEA future top growth rates: interior designers, architects, writers, multimedia artists/animators.
Yep!
every 100th follower scores a 5 Frenchys card!
Don't forget to DM your addoctorss so we can send it ;
will u make my lifr doctorams come true and follow me and wish me luck in schooll..i get bullied alot :'
thanks for the shoutout!
The proACA supporters are increasing!
If there's one thing I'm gonna have in college, it'll be a mini fridge filled with Vitamin Water.
Tired,sneezing,coughing,sore throat makes you just wanna curl up in bed with a movie and sleep all day!
2 hours then 4 DAY WEEKEND!!!!!!!
You need ASAP tickets..
I got em.
in response to a question says How many african americans are in Skelos' conference?
and how many does he rep in that room?
Sleep, baby, I want you back!
We've always been so good together.
Please don't leave me!
Text VIP to 4143359569 to reserve a private section with bottle service make your night exclusive!
It was so good to see you friend!!!
Miss you!
I'm gonna fucking kill you if you don't keep hiding from me

got hem is classic baseball.
I always prefer the silent 'h' though got eeeeeem  you should hear Phil Simms version
: When someone walks out of your life, let them.
They have just made room for someone better to walk in!
Embargo never fails on a Friday.
Too much fun.
lol it looks cool
trump is only electable in his own mind.
he's a joke in every respect.
Thank God for a new Day!
Pat Birt looks like mister Potato Head so much.
thanks for the follow.
Hope to hear more about your book!
But if i dont have a friend to spazz with i have my Panda and my internet friends/people for that
I hear Olive Juice is nice..
Just another part of my ohmygod I'm almost 20 and have no idea what I want to do with my life freak out.
Starting to freak
: you better take good care of your eyes cause they're the only balls you got.
I just fell over.
A little surprised Keller didn't see Futty coming for that one..thats EXACTLY what Portland has practiced  and Futty said as much last week
Thank you so much!
I'm working on a halloween track right now called JackOLanterns.
Be on the look out for it.
MostOverratedMusicArtists Mindless Behavior, most of their nonsingle songs sound the same to me...
wow...
love your work.
Thanks for the follow and happy running.
Michigan repealed its mandatory 1967 motorcycle helmet law.
Bikers 21 years of age and over, no longer have to wear a helmet.
Enjoyed lunch today with coach Katie O'Brien.
Great coach with energetic ideas but VB is not my sport.
willing to always help u out...I am truly so blessed.
Would next weekend be a good day to book for studio?
so we can record
I think I'll watch the State of the Union tonight.
Maybe Obama will mention kittens and Boehner will lose it again
Yup RT What was the answer?
Molitor, Yount, Weeks?
We do!
Are you excited for BOYFRIEND ?
3HOURS : it'll be midnight here, so ill prob be asleep lol :p
TweetCaster RT : What mobile Twitter App do u use?
I use Echofon.
Maybe yours is better?
Hey everyone!
What did you think of last nights game and
SAME : RT Dear rain, I love you but please don't destroy my curls today.
Love, the girl who never takes an hour on her hair.
Truthiness!
Like in Wikipedia .
.
.
if I come by 5pm can I still get home delivery tonight ?
what's the cutoff time for same day delivery ?
hahaha what a bad, definitely should have known that lol
mike n holly.
rt  ElizMcflyer ElizMcFlyerJudd who won bachelor pad?
michelle and graham or holly and mike?
x
Welcome to Twitter!
Well, going back to the tweet that started this, your man Rush made that claim today, 12:15 CDT.
That's the tweet you responded to.
forest lake pride!
Some people need for everyone to agree with them.
I don't have that virus.
You don't agree with me, I'm cool with it.
what a great specialty area!
will follow your tweets wtih great interest  what is your experience with ediscovery?
just killed a fly with my cognitive neuroscience book, good to know it's good for something
I bet there are a lot of golfers named Bubba in South Carolina
Mermaid Avenue Volume I couldn't come soon enough for me...
l'amour pur est une doctorgue
SEE now yu see selena gomez how she really is its ashame for your son to do that stuff huh?well we kno u taught him better!!
3 yrs ago changed my life.
Moved to LA to follow my doctorams.
Can't wait to rock w at the Playboy Mansion 2night!
There is not competition.
The team here go follow:
And they should have blonde Tina Fey cohost!
Whatshername?
Oh yeah, Amy Poehler.
: see queers on the street and know we're all going to the same place
Just made a big batch of organic black bean soup for this week!
.
Hi there.
Sorry about your troubles!
When you come to DC where are you staying?
I hate School it's boring and I don't feel good/:
k.
So me and you are gonna have a problem.
Im related to the Texas Chainsaw MassacreER, remember?
Give me hailee back.!
:
I wish Indiana and California weren't so far apart : I think we'd have fun thrifting and wearing our breast fed babies :
Whew.
We really are word nerds.
I love it.
Now, back to Christian Gray, that troubled, rich, smooth talker.
LOL
Cmon jackrabbits!
I went to Northern...but I still know what Gypsy Days is!
THANK YOU FOR PICKING MY NAME IN THE RAFFLE!!!!!!
I can't wait to pick my program!!!!
you're very welcome.
Thanks for the follow back.
A thorny issue.
What do you think?
Happy Mothers day!
Without our mothers, who would we be?
And where?
Some claim to be your right hand man when in reality they roll like they are bolo, think like they are bolo  talk like they are bolo FK EM
I get a little vanilla/choc swirl, root beer  cake batter yogurts, then add berries, gummy bears  cookie dough!
gorgeous!!
Any idea, even tentative, on a wedding date?
GIRL.
I saw it ALL today.
A man on a bicycle shot a booger out his nose...while biking at full speed.
NASTY!
Karaoke at broadway ale in samo...sweet caroline.
Check.
You are the 2nd player ever at UK to shoot 47 FG, 46 3PFG, 82 FT or better in a single season.
peace and love rusher i love BTR
Offline for a while:
My beautiful wife will be on today!
She is awesome.
Watch it and see her live!
Watching the wonderful vegan actor on CSI NY right now.
Brand new pants...ink stained.
Let's hope the doctor cleaners can work their magic.
Yep, forecast changed.
Inland areas are still near 80 and sunny today.
Coast is much lower.
It happens.
Not funny 2 me :oP
Focus on possibilities and connect success with action!
www.IamINC.biz
I don't like you 
The truth.
The only thing that will get done is what we want to do.
One day I'm going to name my son Carl.
That way every time he enters a room I can say, Carl...Good to see you!
Nope.
Already tried.
Pretty sure it's impossible.
Try to lick your own tummy.
Go ahead  I'll wait here...
KATY PERRY ET?!
But where's kanyeeee?!
If only I could separate from myself.
I need a time out.
goofing off as usual
Great Switch longboard sesh and now it's time for TheHungerGames : HAPPY BIRHTDAY !!!!!
which one do u want my ipod number or my phone number??
what time EST will you be showing the Olympic trials on tv?
Thank you guys FollowForFollow FollowMe LoveMyFollowers soon as Twitter lets me follow you I'll!!
Love you!
My greataunt who lived many years in the Quarter on Burgundy.
First taxi ride I ever took alone was to her house for a visit.
Delicious Cheezzy Nachos with sour cream  quacamole and Ice cold Margarita!
Now that is satisfaction!
Come on in what R U ESPERANDO!?
And sometimes, when you are very lucky, you just choose the best wheat bread the market can offer.
Happy Mothers Day :
No I get a new one every year
Thankful for poets  writers, actors  musicians, audience  inventors.
Grateful for 140 characters!
Dudes tweet to tell ya when they beatin off, now?
pause!
RT : be sure to love YOU, cuz I love the shit out of me.
The White Coat Ceremony will be August 6th 2012.
Let us know if you need info on travel or hotels in the area!
Seen any inspiring UI/UX you can pass along?
Yea I'm single.....so what.
watching recorded cma a day late...
gotta love award shows
Everybody's breaking up!!!!!
Shettttt!!
THE BATHROOM!?!?!
Kevin Garnett about to cry and ish...
Oh , I'm so glad I found you
Thanks Ori.
Any help spreading the good word is appreciated!
I enjoy adult beverages but not everyday of the week.
Guh!
I feel unworthy, dude!
lol
it is so loud up in here
Seniors Undertreated for Asthma, and Many Skip Inhalers: Study
We welcome the RAIN Cii Corporate Staff and Customers coming from all over the world to New Orleans and !
Why is it that when we skate on thin ice, we can get in hot water?
Not sure which song us worseCall Me Maybe or Friday
FF Austin's El Sistema program joins the Twitterverse
Good news: dude in the apartment above me has good taste in music.
Bad news: he sucks at playing guitar.
Worst news: he has an amp.
Anyone have a reference for what capabilities makes a platform a platform?
IMHO I think it varies on platform type...
: LosLynx got SO much appreciated love today at the Vikings game!
Thank you!
powertothefemale you deserve it!
TripleAdvil fastpitch softball practice tonight.
Ouch!
Hello There?
How Do You Do???

the people in the houses all went to the university, where they were put in boxes  they came out all the same.
Bugger  I've now manager to get my ticket to Eurovision all done and printed, but not Mums!
Should be fine!
With little to no breakin time and a sting free experience, the Miken Super Soft series is pure comfort!
Get yours now!...
I text u a while ago but u never text me back.
U too busy.
I've been keepin up w ya brotha.
Omg emily !
Thanks for the follow Mary Jean.
Gotcha back!
: Alshon Jeffery's big hands and leaping ability looks awfully good for the Rams about now.
...
Kalil in the 1st, Floyd 2d
Ugh ever want to pull an all nighter but at like 7.
Start t doze off and then u chug some coffee on an empty stomach.
Yea not fun
WHAT ARE YOUR PLANS FOR MEMORIAL WEEKEND??
Never realized how curly my natural hair is.
If you're looking for quality TV tonight, check out Being Elmo on
Goodnight ya'll
where have you been :'?
i'm still tired.
Perhaps the future Peter saw wasn't because of the fighting universes, but war with the Observers.
I could watch Geno videos all day!!
Thanks !
Appreciate the help
i was rooting for travis porter but whatever.....anyway who the hell was that jamaican dude on stage..lmao
'Where the Wild Things Are' Author Maurice Sendak Dies at 83.
Source: ABC NEWS.
More on his life and iconic book on World News.
Learning is improvisation off a database of information and facts
JUST HAD AN AWESOME IDEA!!
when I get a car, its gonna be red, Im gonna get Mahomie written on it, and imma call it the ACMmobile!
3
Watching Stuart Scott on makes me change the channel as soon as hear him.
This guy is brutal.
Thank you for sharing Erin!
Thank you to all the bad asses that made it to the show last night!
We 3 you
Make that lemonade Grrrrl!!!!!!
Love it!
Watched TheNotebook last night with a whole new perspective.
Now it's just way more sad with way more tears.
I don't think some people realize that
So what is the worst song in the world?
my glasses broke .
I need you to do me a HUGE favor
Thought I was getting a break.
Nope.Back to more work.
You look lovely!
I remember seeing those at Urban some months ago.
Nice find.
I can't cheat on Mary Jane like that
Always do right  this will gratify some and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
so, if that's the reason, why didn't he just say so days ago?
Hope you're having fun, have a great first leg!
I wish I could retweet this haha when do you leave?
The type of woman I am is hard to find
Thanks Tropicana AC for sending me a comp room then when I call tell me I don't qualify.
Really great marketing technique
Why are there so many songs about rainbows?
Thank you Louisville!
The path keeps getting better...
meeting in the lobby, right?
Don't know if anyone saw that, but its about time we turned NJ into Jurassic Park
Thanks for letting us know about that article.
thanks man, we all appreciate the support!!!
U can add me on skype:
We're not friends; We're not enemies; We're just strangers with some memories.
: when does the studyin for ethics start?
NEVER MUHAHAHAHA
..show you never ending love
lmfaooooooo fomf...
I miss you pal
Interesting!
I did not know that xD
Yes we are absolutely open.
Follow us at
Yesterday: 17 Today: Not even wearing a jacket.
Flagstaff you are a strange place.
5 bucks for an entire pizza?
umm....
why the fuck not?
How are you achieving this JustSayNoToTanLines ?
;
i'm not over you.
A compliment is a compliment.
Take that shit  suck it up nucca.
Tony Romo is trending why, did he throw an INT already,the season havernt even started yet lol
Miyamoto Musashi was apparently the Michael Jordan of samurais.
Survived over 60 duels and would sometimes not use his sword!
I can't wait until it get hot !
Today was fun, but i'm tired as fack.
So are we, thanks.
MT : Excited 2 announce the Dodge will be returning 2 Newark this year!
right.
That's cool though.
Which one....
In Turnkey Sports poll, execs asked fave NBA AllStar experience.
Hoping to skew results, vote for client Taco Bell Skills Challenge, all!
My beeper just played Hey Jude fate lovelife 
same to you Mark!
what's the announcement??
Honored to be speaking at Wake Forest University tonight.
Looking forward to seeing many Returned Peace Corps Volunteers!
Thanks Gina, a very thoughtful review, continued success to you!
can i slowly make love to you in your sleep.
I promise I wont wake you.
Pete reading The Crying of Lot 49 is my Mad Men spoiler of the day.
The Mayweather/Cotto fight is tonight.
Cotto is no joke.
Gave Pacquiao a run for his money.
FBI all over a house on Raymond.
Busted the local crack dealer.
told my ma I was too hungover to go out to lunch with her..
I hope she understands my struggle lol
A friend's status said muppets make me smile  I start playing Lily Allen's Smile in my head.
Damn it brain!
Stop making annoying leaps!
May we be what we were gifted by the Holy Spirit to be.
And may we, like Simeon, be righteous and devout.
Luke 2:2528
I like the smiley faces you use btw, haha
Support  Business  Strong Economy Strong Economy  Jobs  Strong Workforce Strong Workforce  Lower Unemployment
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you.
I truly appreciate that!
Hope DT ain't read my last tweet tahaha!
Women  more emotional intelligence and men  more stuff intelligence.
girl i know how much you really want somebody, 3
oh, boy.
Sounds glorious.
Hey Charlie I was wondering if u had any Time to do a interview to help out my New YouTube Series called In Focus With MJR
It still makes me sad to see paper waning in the world of media.
Kind of ironic since I am such a digital media junkie.
Artists  don't forget to bring your art on a flash doctorve or cd tonight!
We're in a sports bar  sound is only on the Giants game, so we've been making up our own Reggie Miller commentary.
Seems we were spot on.
KTD loves humor: If we ever get tired of KTD as a name for a design studio am thinking DesignKickassery might be nice
New, yes.
Dunno about improved.
lol Thanks!
RT : .
describing her grandfather Jacques' crew: red watch caps, camera in one hand, bottle of wine in the other...
Nursing Homes Disaster Plans: Big Gaps Found In Emergency Preparedness Response
alicebucketlist RT to fulfill the wish of a teen girl with terminal cancer to trend on twitter
My ballsy prediction ...
ChrisDavis will finish with better 2011 s in an Os uniform than Reimold, Pie, Andino, Scott and Wieters ...
Results are normal for me, am I missing something?
Happy mothers day :
Ima show you show you how much you're understood.
Our thoughts and prayers are with those remembering 9/11 today.
Whoop!
Rain at Petco!
Ha, I'm game.
Just need to find the rest of our cult members, first.
so I ordered something off your new site but something wasn't a required field that should have been lol
doing good.
Thanks
You're obese when you buy a hula hoop and it fits your waist!
TODAY IS THE DAY!
The WSSMiami is going down!
See you there!
May is Women's Health Month!
Smile ladies!
Feeling okay today.
If I could just find my flash doctorve, then that would be love
Sometimes people are beautiful, not in looks.
Not in what they say, just in what they are.
not yet.
Sucks I'm holding off on buying a nw laptop until the new MacBook pro comes out.
Should be April or may.
I'm a proud Alabamian tonight.
Over the moon, really.
: I dont find that too hard to do either.
I'm also distracted by guacamole and often do things before you realize haha
Megan fox is pregnant : Congrats to her on being a new mommy.
But dang I wanted to be with her
It's one thing to not know the answers.
But to say these aren't football questions and blow it off?
That worries me.
Congrats to Geisinger Health System for making the 2011 list of Most Wired Healthcare Providers.
uhm...do i even know you?
havent been on here in a while
Have love/hate relationship w/ my hometown, but deeply appreciative so many folks hold open doors when I'm on the cane.
Thanks,
Can you give me a shout when you are around?
.
I need a favor.
:
Ang ur zest 4 Life  ur laughter r as big as ur boobs!
UR a gr8 add to the show Mob Wives!
have a Happy Thanksgiving!!
May God bless you!!
lol ignore my last tweet.
Clearly someone hacked me!
Awwe!
I'M the blessed one, best friend!
You're the best friend I've ever had who's so far, yet whom I feel closest to!
ILOVEU!
Have you released whos getting the may voxbox?
Kind of obvious, no?
Anyone at the bellagio want to start a 25/50 HA with me?
There's a game running but 6 on the wait
If he wasn't being totally serious, it would be hilarious.
Vote independant nonwhite guy for Gov!
will keep an eye out for you!
Whats meant to be will find its way :
ditto!!
Hope you have a blast at
One more week till Cali!!
Woot woot!
Party with the Keelans.
Ya you guessed it: PartyOn.
Now following thanks a lot man i hope u subscribe to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 and my team are them 2 x champs
RT : That's bcs AHA and MLA believe that altac and ac ppl need to collaborate.
Plus, altac is exc career choice.
working on new charts and arrangements....
It's me..
LadyMacbeth.writer, main character and part time murderess..
How Come its so easy to get Cody Simpson and Alli Simpson to follow you but its so hard to get to follow you?
3
Please follow me; 24
I have horrible sleep deprevation.
Kill me now
Fuck wit a player tomorrow night I'm trying to go bowling with all my friends
: Sucks..
You showed me how to play the game and I beat you.
Good news: Short Cake baked goods will now be available at Intelligentsia coffee spots in L.A.
A buttercup and a latte?
I'm in.
call his twin
I enjoyed speaking at Faith Lutheran's Business Advisory Council this morning on How to Protect your Business in a Litigious Society...
noo we're all just gonna say what we feel and she is too
Awesome  will be following closely from DC!
thanks Carol!
It's so wonderful to be in a room full of great storytellers  via
I am proud of you re: amendment pettition in Florida
this is not looking good Packers fans...
worstbreakupexcuses my parents are making me break up with you
Thanks good brother!
06!
my ideal career seems to be: nomadic goat herding in the desert
Exceptionalism!!
RT : Walker calls previous jobs progress measurement unreliable, even though it's method used by 49 other states.
One week closer
how are things?
'tis been too long ...
we should catch up on my next trip to mke!
in the afternoon?
my shift starts at 10:30 
Happy Valentines day to all!
Enjoy the day!
When me  him would fall asleep on the phone  : miss those days .
I miss him.
So much to do today
is there a closing date set for ?
HELP :
30 Minutes to go before my Tournament of Champions begins we are playing for 1k winner take all
I have pudding.
Therefore, I feel I can make the claim that in this instant, right now, my life is better than yours.
SO MUCH COKE
Where else can you get apartments with TVs in the living room and the bathroom!?
Planned Foreclosure A game of delayed pain and legal bills!
TAKE A DIFFERENT APPROACH!
Mercedes Martin Realty can inform you!
Great interview!
Can't wait to see Men in Black
Students having silent discussions on paper used socmed tools, hashtags and likes  21st meets 20th c.
for great discussion!
I'll be there at ten.
You should bring the Medifast staff out to watch me make cashiers feel uncomfortable.
A baby doll for kids that appears to say crazy bitch.
The story at 10.
haha.
It's another world.
No dope.
No hope.

I keep going back.
I don't even like oil.
Trey Comeaux
Writing my 2012 resolutions and putting them on the wall.
This year, I will hit them all!
hahaha.
You're just plain awesome.
:D
I feel so excited and proud of those who have become a part of the journey.
Please be sure to create a professorle at www.kissandim.com/register
that was the point :
and nits are of course at the core of nittygritty
OH HO HO!
I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE!
Conflating stylization with sexualization.
Most avatars are stylized; sexualization is mostly a component of female avatars though.
Q: How do you know if your boyfriend has a high sperm count?
A: You have to chew before you swallow!
A child of five would understand this.
Send someone to fetch a child of five.
if the broncos don't get Peyton what need should they addoctorss first?
hey hun, check your DMS from me!!
write back please
Sure will!
Thank you so much!
fridayreads I suppose I can count Mysterious Benedict Society since my daugher finished it without me.
I am technically still reading it.
Not a problem!
EROCK
Thanks for the follow Cheryl!
It was a lot of fun, I did both a sports and a news internship with them so I was there about a year!
MMG Untouchable X Rick Ross
yes he is.
Allstar wide receiver and future Hall of Famer!
I love Y so much!
Justin bieber!!
I logged when I clicked link I am not sure how to deny app I did not know I was down loading an app?
Yeah, in a nonsmart move, I submitted my bracket on Monday.
Fortunately, the soc dpt ppl are cool w/ the gamesmanship of it all,

2.00 doctorft Beer From 5pm8pm, Stella, Spotted Cow, Fat Tire, Newcastle, Blue Moon, Riverwest Stein.
CHEERS!
I'm going to miss you too!
We will do something before I have to go!
doesn't fucking matter I lost him again!!!
Sunburn under the knees may be one of the worst places to have it.
Cannot cross my legs or wear pants.
Ouch!
Jerry Coleman just read the worst lineup ever.
Watching Texas vs Texas AM football on ESPN classic.
I can't wait for college football to return next year.
Awww i found my signed brittanya poster , ive been looking for it 3
my perfect world: single table.
Top 8 MLS cup.
Bottom three docked 1, 2, and 3 points to start next season...top 3 to CCL
Oakland ca.
How I missed thee
I just saw a guest star on a rerun of without a trace on a quaker oat square cereal in the adverts of said episode.
Trippy.
:
Hahaha only black tar?
kidding
Time to do some
I can't stand silent phone conversations!!
What the hell did you call me for if your just going to breath in my ear.
1 month introductory offer works better than other time frames.
Gives you more time to convince them to love yoga.
Hook them!
I love Joffery!
I love the fact that we will probably see him die painfully.
I get that 2!
Work stress, lots of stimulation on those poor little eyeballs.
Take a break and shut them for a few min.
Hope all my DJ friends have a great set tonight.
xo
Dear college students of America: as much as I appreciate the opportunity, I don't have time to conduct your lit review for you.
A twitter after 's heart:
Good day today: finished 2 outlines, a reading response wksheet, started another outline, watched Breaking Dawn again  got my nails done :
life needs to be a musical
Take the first step in faith.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
MLK
Google  is amazing!!
OomfNeedsTo stop tweeting...
Long Term parking is about to get interesting downtown
Nice call blue
then u put my name after the message or ppl r gonna think that it's to me not them n I no moa my phone
I was one of the childoctorn hidden by these lies
Are fireworks legal inside city limits of Homewood?
All is well here at the office.
Keep us updated on your upcoming events.
You guys going to tomorrow?
So I went hang gliding today...
what craziness will I get into tomorrow???
Any suggestions for a new Twitter username for me?
Not sure if my full name is a good or a bad idea.
pull up to that mikey D's serve a nigga real quick
Ugh  a guy just took 10 minutes to park his Hover Round on the bus!
At least I finally found someone worse at parallel parking than me.
I worked 18 hours this week.
I love my route.
Fuck doing two
because you live in ontario, like a haha
Am I insane going to Fiesta Tx in the 104 heat?!?
Yes.
a little bit.
Friendly reminder  don't buy any tix for tonight's Counting Crows show over face value, we routinely cancel scalper tix!
Don'tBeScared To Go Green And Help The Planet.
:
If your Newyear'sresolution has anything to do with gettinghealthy losingweight etc...I can help : Let's chat about your goals!
not sure about the whole premise of this blog.....but, I do like where your heads are at.
Great idea in theory.
Keep up t/g/w!
Been listening to this Lecrae Mixtape all day.
relationships Take a moment and share a kind thought with your partner .
.
.
if I have the car then no problem
MAKE MONEY ONLINE ptchelpbux.blogspot.com MAKE MONEY ONLINE
I feel like writing some music...
Need some inspiration :
But I'm holding you closer than most, 'cause you are my heaven.
bottom line: cardinals who just WON the world series interviewed sandberg IN PERSON.
cubs did not.
something wrong there
Where are they playing?
Bitches lol at my auto correct
I hate when that happens.
I always get benched for trying to steal and not being fast enough initially.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy holidays to you!
May Day is Lei Day in Hawaii :D Happy May Day!!
PSU interim prez  healing won't begin until all facts r uncovered.
Could've been healing for yrs now if people stood up/acted.
Come on, you won't fail until you try!
sure doll!
You've got a nice voice keep up the good work!
You can hate me now dumb ass I'll see you in the next life honor thy mother and father and your days will be long upon the earth.
Thank you!
I hope the sliver lining is lobster and steak.
I hope you and the rest of the guys have a happy new year.
P.S.
awesome show and music.
let me know!
we miss you btw!
Looking forward to our headquarters grand opening Saturday morning at 10:00 4641 Mack Road.
Hope to see you there!
It occurs to me that Nietzsche would've been a terrific philosopher for Twitter.
He could convey much in 140 characters.
So could Seneca.
Riseandwine Fabulous Friday has arrived!
rockin Buffalo tonight!
awesome : enjoy!
I shoulda picked you up in LA, taken you to Vegas  staged the fight in the MGM Grand.
I coulda been the next Don King
I wish you'd follow or rt me...
You don't know how much that'd mean to me...
But that'll NEVER happen/:
OMG, big big changes again for FB.
Was on a webinar today getting the golden nuggets....TIME FOR CHANGE.
Are you ready?
Life Course theories state that there are turning points in one's life in which they determine whether to commit crime.
THAT's what Emily's looking for!
A guy who's stable  all about family.
She gives 1st rose to Doug
Excited to have Cristina Pattuelli to talk about lodlam and her Linked Jazz project!
I'm made of wax Larry, what are you made of?
A Day To Remember
: People who strive to be different are beautiful.
Those who follow society are Basic and Boring!!!
that is AMAZING!
Had a packed day with campaigning in Bourbon, Harrison and Pendleton counties, followed by a fundoctoriser in Northern Kentucky.
need friends.
so lonely.
18 at home and have nothing to do.
help me!!
color blocking manicure, very cute!
I'm convinced that life is 10 what happens to me  90 how I react to it.
And so it's with you, we're in charge of our attitudes.
Anonymous
Maybe, but Boston w/a rejuvenated Big Ticket??
Morning my loves!
We need some new music artists...
Thanks!
I like you too.
Had a great time at your North Beach Pub Crawl, thanks for having me.
You sure can smell Fall in the air!
um excuse me, why isn't in my bed right now?
I require sexy time.
Thank you to everybody for wishing me a Happy Birthday yesterday!!!
Lol, I'd probably have things to tweet about.
And even if they were stupid, people would still retweet it because I said it.
Is Fox Sports Radio simulcasting the fights tonight?
I wished I cared more about the Tony's than I actually do.
I'm start to do it more I'm a bird who needs to tweet lmao
awe that still sucks!
I think it's about that time again for Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman to make another perfect movie.
Watching the CNNdebate on National Security.
This should be interesting...
is headed to snowy kentucky and tennessee to hand select barrels of woodford and jackdaniels for the mgmgrandlv!!
We're all about spreading the Gaga love.
Thanks for the support!
in Frankfort meeting re.
current historical trends and what is next for KY history documentation.
Cool discussion with really smart people
Like Truffles Catering at the Belvedere's facebook page between August 1 and August 31 to be entered to win a tailgating package for 20!
before new TMNT series comes out
thanks so much!
we are on our 2nd year!
feel free to post your awkward moments
no one can doctorve me to the talent show, so im stuck at home...:
you're doing my presentation for me!
Note that we left brochures about Collaboratory on table in DH room.
dont know what you 2 r talking about but this is hysterical!
: I'VE GOT TO DO THE NEWS!
pushes random guy
Never get attached to something that wasn't yours in the first place.
Think ima go for some hibachi chicken,shrimp,n steak
: RT : RIP, Dick Clark.
For now, Dick Clark...so long.
I want to stab someone and then jump into a pool..
Of their blood.
Even keeled Rich Waltz is no fun.
If that play at the plate would have happened yesterday Waltz goes nuts.
Engineers could once eat lunch inside the computer  an amazing journey from that point!
Where are you this time?
You never showed, I'll never know..
How could you just let me go?
watching the doctorft from twitter is already so awesome!!!
Have a wonderful day my loves
TY 4 including us in your top stories Jerusalem Israel !
We appreciate u viewing us as a source 4 sharing w/others!
I can't direct message you back because you're not following me
I'm hoping for triple OT
Keep the music thumping.
Chest up, eyes up, prayed up, beasted up...
You can add messed up, too cause my Pipster confiscated my Hittsburgh shirt  slept in it..
PIP!
Off to hopefully put a dent in my photo documentary project, then to put it all together tonight and maybe even wash my hands of it all.
Remastering Julie True's newest CD Heaven's Embrace today.
: If Jesus Christ is all you have, you have everything you need.
hey you, I sent it, let me see what happen...sent it the same day i dm you
I win c;
need help?...
thanks for the RT!
I don't like you either so now
snagged a whopping 27 gift certificates to local restaurants as prizes for movember!
more info coming soon!
tell your friends!
On the bright side, RedSox lost...to Bruce Chen.
Jasmine forever in my heart!
So sad!
You left earth yesterday and you are with the angels!
RIP my friend!
You picked me up, breathing life in me, I owe my life to you but for the life of me,
So last night this chick from Boston gon tell the crew she really from North Carolina, b/c she says things like Finna
I'm obviously rooting for Liaison because his jockey is wearing neon pink and green polka dots
what if it was u
1/2 Planes for campaigning are not new to WV politics.
Manchin, Raese  Rockefeller  big fan of planes to get around our state.
Unedited: Gizmodo Wishes a Happy Birthday to Our Brian Barrett
IHateItWhen my damn iPod dies in the middle of my favorite song!
!
.
These gone be the last trips for the Lakers lol
I can't decide what I hate more.
Paying for Cold Pizza or Warm Beer in
Stupid slut.
.
Wow!
After being stuck in Raleigh at a garbage hotel and massive miscommunication due to your merger, I then have to deal with
hope you do too...i'll say it again to make your day extra great  good luck in hoops tonight.

RT Thank you Peyton Manning for the last 14 years.
And, good luck to  his team as they rebuild a great team.
dont got school tomorrow gonna sleep all day
Hangin' out with Victor made me miss New Orleans even more!
what Where are you from baby
: Why is everyone wearing sunglasses at the Grammys?
The bling in the room is too bright!!
Lmao Good question!!!
:
they dont handle it too well...
RT Also I have done all my readings.
Now I just need to do all the exercise problems in seven chapters of maths text.
.
it's a rainy day in texas...
how's the weather where you are?
Comic Con  Going to Forks, Washigton  best summer ever :
Racing SUP is very cool.
Was in a heated battle for last place this weekend  had a blast!
Good to be out!
Thanks Northwest Paddle Festival.
After Mother's Day and Father's Day, we let kiddo designate Kids' Day.
Last year we went to the botanic gardens to celebrate!
I met zack from All Star Weekend!
Such a sweetheart!
yeah I'm interning with a theatre in dc and looking for a job now, but I really like dc for now.
How's amazon?
The QnA with is surprisingly informal and helpful for us as a youth council
Came home to cold beer in the fridge and a new tank of propane.
I think if you're bored, you're boring.
one directioner.
3 follow me if you're one too!
:
I hate waiting on people!!
Hey I'm Jadens Cousin I can Prove it
lol c'mon son!
She's not hot, shes gorgeous!
Hope you get some time and enjoy people more than planes Alex!!
Thanks for the follow.
Digging your social media blog!
1.
Now that I have hair, it's hard to see on a windy day.
I forgot about this problem.
THE VOICE: Who was better: Chesa or Juliette on TheVoice?
He said you so proper.
I said u so ghetto,
oh so you want a list...
Redd Foxx, Richard Pryor, Paul Mooney, Tony Woods, Stephen Lynch, the AMAZING Mitch Headburg RIP, AND U!
Not in the happy zone.
:
A strip club is now following me.
That would be the first time a stripper looked at ME!
me either lol ...its gonna be longest two weeks of my life
Heading downtown soon for the Boston Tea Party Reenactment at  time to make tea for the fishes!
i don't let every 1 see my hands their are a gift from God but your cute i'll send u a special pic just for u lol
fine.
done.
fuckin dogs r out
Not one taxpayer dollar and I created jobs and i am still doing it today.
America, I don't need a stimulus to create jobs
I showed her the suggestion on my phone and she took the hint.
Going to see a show at or this week?
Bring in your tix stub and well buy you a doctornk!
hey chris doesn't know so and hes repiled to me over 50 tomes
JUST LANDED IN SC.
WAITING FOR SARGEANT TO COME AND TAKE ME TO BCT.
I know that's right lol we such howerat lol
Some groups are already booking thier Holiday Parties for 2010.
Think ahead and grab the date and space you really want!
oh I am so ready.
Glad you're coming.
Man the morning shift does fly by..
3.5 hours left in this day for me.
Toweldoctor your hair thoroughly before using a blow doctorer.
You'll save time and avoid damaging your hair with too much heat!
omg!
that sucks...I hope that doesn't happen to me....
Everyone in Chicago!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
RT : Damn all this bees at trb Rockies game I would of been out
Oh yeah?
Well, my mom can beat up your mom!
ThingsIDislike men that sag ugh
aww haha i miss you to :P i was actually layin in bed last night and thinking about you :O we havnt talked in forever!!
Damn!!!
Hear Say Can Get A M/F Executed Troy Davis
i wish i meet JB;D
is one of my absolute favorites.
I am so in love with my superangeljuicer it's like a year of life was poured into in a glass and doctornk it
Going ouut far awaay and going too look at the stars 3
CNNLive getting BALLSY!
Should've tried that sooner, maybe your dad would have GOP nomination!
and yeah this whole series has been ridiculous injury wise...at least Boozer's showing up for a change
Just got bit by a mosquito.
Ugh, is it winter yet?
Starting to put Christmas away until next time.
Excited to see what this new year holds!
ok..so dont use hot water when washing ur face.
Try using a cleansing cream vs a face wash.Pat doctor, dont rub.
Buy a humidifier!
i do plan on breeding wolf dogs in the future....
hey guys just want to do a shout out to she is my first follower plz everyone else follow me and Rubye!
Got a pinch teary reading your final post.
Looking forward to reading your work for JSOnline.
Thanks!
MushroomCloudMoFo
Happy Mothers Day to the women in my life that go thru so much that we don't know the half of; it shows true strength to raise a child!
If you ever want to see someone's head implode from crippling indecision, watch me pick out greeting cards.
I'm saving up for Thursday : I hope the curry ketchup is back.
I plan on eating 700 fries
I don't know what yall been thinkn but for my birthday all I want is more Ben Franklins...
Yaaahh!!..
I'm not normally one to agree with claims of racism, but I agree with u on this season of
Yes, not sure why there wasn't commentary.
I believe may have put it together on their own...
Who will you celebrate stayhomereadball with?
Mine is mostly my grandmother :/
I just finished a 1.35 mi run with Nike GPS.
New to the Chocolate Library!
Vermont Nut Free Chocolate in bars and boxes.
Come on down!
111 St.
Marks Place btw 1st  A
everyone jokes how Noel's flattop resembles Will Smith's, but I'd say Shabazz's look and voice resembled Steve Urkel more
RIP...
W.H.
You are one of my earliest fav.
I'll always remember your voice.
Do u tell yourself that u deserve bad foods to justify eating them?
We should all be saying don't eat this b/c I DESERVE to be healthy!
Colleague is talking to ppl for opening day.
I call BS if he meets intriguing, yet elusive westside kid for great story.
u look like Catherine ZetaJones.
I was still masked in my early 30s, too.
By 40, I had mostly given it up ...
except when I made a deliberate choice
Water is sporadic in the Irish Channel  back to a trickle now.
Christel House congratulates our Founder, Christel DeHaan, for making a difference through education around the world.
Pure Michigan commercials
Show me why you deserve to have it all .
I love that sound that happens when you empty your trash bin on a Mac.
So nice.
i got my mega million ticket
Obviously, you're not a golfer this weekend at Howard Community College.
ThuSat 8pm, Sun 3pm
i think you were at powerplant tonight!!!
should be there in 10 min
If you're going to be crazy, you have to get paid for it or else you're going to be locked up.
Hunter S.
Thompson
are you moving back here!?!?!
hang sesh?
Im moving back to LA in July
you would be spilling chocolate milk.
Like chocolate people.
Hahaha
So long day ahead of me!
Missing the family a lot today.
When I do I go harder at my goals so I can get them close to me again.
Let's get it
A1 From a strategic perspective, I'm hearing the same.
What's the best advice on whether a company needs to develop an app
Man your kitchen up with empty Beer bottles around the top of your cabinets.
Just tell your wife their
no, it's just been really fucked up.
Could hardly make calls or texts
.
Now that we've got the midseason premiere of Glee covered, think you guys can swing by the MI Capitol  report on that?
Thanks!
HAHA I KNOW!
i love it
Good for you!
I want to do the same to Facebook.
Welp, today has rapidly gone downhill.
banks are banks are banks...
no difference, you're right
Hold us to it...
no more online poker this weekend...
Agree!
Finale was amazing!
Really looking forward to next season!
I love this series.
Truly a gem!
arvo2010: Development of a Redness Scale for Morning Eye Congestion  Stephanie Breton , May 3, D937
Im tried ; While the girl next to me is acting like she just ate a whole shitload of candy ; What is going on?
How to Monitor Your Brand on the Web for Free
I knocked the fuck out after that lengthy workout!
But I guess nothing worth having is easy!
You are my first and my last.
And you are the one in betweens.
Hall Pass
Lebron is such an actor
RT : Right on the verge of the breakthrough is when the storm hits hardest.
Press in!
Your miracle awaits!
Post your music/playlist/EP details on the Facebook.
Even your music videos.
:
When I am detached from how things must turn out in the future, I immediately increase my happiness today.
My odds of achieving increase too
I'll try
That is a very poor translation of I'm hoping for an entertaining game.
But Ok.
how's it going ?
Good morning sun :
ugghhh don't remind me ; lol
EVEN MY DAD IS A BELIEBER !!!
soproud ;D
With your tongue?
buxom lip plumper is the shit.
love that stuff.
Karate and having 2 trampolines One son is a 3rd degree black belt and he is only 15.
you have identified my secret sauce.
That is the approach I have used, and it is working well.
DM if you want more details.
You guys could do the same...
You put up the NM Show!
I can hear myself bantering!
SO FUCKIN AWESOME!!!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Did u eat the hot dog anyway
it's not just you.
Only at NY Penn Station will you be passed by an Eritrean man quoting Lana Del Rey lyrics while on his cell phone.
happy easter to everybody that celebrates!
:
Banana, mike ditka, and a narwhal with frankenstein on the dance floor.
I'm down for it!
:D
Ever wake up before your alarm and realize you'd felt less tired if you'd just stayed awake?
Woke up at 5, fell asleep at 6..
Ugh!
So tired.
I know Eric told me it sucked
I don't think the etextbook revolution will really take off until the books are more than just PDFs  prices come down
RT :  The Peasants Are At The Gates  /Perhaps Mitt will give out cake for a vote!
omg..
lol V stands for vagina  P for penis lol omg omg xD
I wonder what it like for some of these people to be miserable all the time.
Cheer up, it's not all bad!
Ask ask ask ask ask lol
can I get my first chirp please!?
thanks bro.
My producer is but that beat is AZ
ooh exciting!
What kind of red?
I need Solidworks.
Can you sell me a copy?
May have to watch The Lion King before the game on Saturday.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 71
It's hard to fit this much emotion into a one page message.
3
4th song off the EP Lack of Intelligence is up on the myspace.
www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
What is the longest youve ever doctorven without stopping?
us and tell us whos got what it takes to doctorve the long routes.
Yeah but you can't keep a real baller down for long!!
Success comes in cans, not cant's
If ur friend got played, what makes u think u have a chance?
Anyone have any shin splint healing advice?
Have a dull burning/throbbing off my tibia on the inside side of my leg.
Hope this heals soon!
Just doctorpped gypsy woman and some dude just came up and told me he was crystal waters web designer.
Top that!
she was the person that put out the flyers for the montgomery bus boycot
This is my Saturday.
Watching UFC payperview in a bar in Glendale.
mijobs hiring Gonzalez is searching for IT professorssionals, entry level on up in any field.
Inquiries to
Also equality or whatever
A lesson in compassion: we have all been childoctorn at one point.
Inspired by Erica Swick
Fab.
If the section works out, I'll let you know how the discussion goes.
Thank you!
Who is skipping the Superbowl to watch this year?
So many people are conflicted!
I just learned that museums are full of stuff at
you've got me forever !!
I'm not going anywhere !!!!
: The best feeling is when I look at you, and you're already looking at me 
Just discovered prezi.com and love the tool!
nice name man!
aha with my father you?;D
For the new year I'm going to add more color to my wardoctorbe and moisturize more.
Which translates to, Fancy Boy, Girlie Face in Chinese.
Silver trophy I'll take it!
: : : happy as fuck!
Parents of missing Madeleine McCann believe she will be found alive  Fox News
Thanks  appreciate that.
watching AALIYAH behind the Music so real so beautiful
chillin waiting for another basketball game to start in like 15 min.
ProBowl tomorrow!!!!!
So excited to see some of my boys representing the Broncos in the ProBowl!!!
Go AFC!!
i screenshotted that from a twit vid lol, did u watch it??
ICE TREES
When you stop insisting, people stop resisting.
Michael Oliver
THE VOICE WINNER IS JERMAINE PAUL!!!!
WHOOHHOOO
People who like this weather are psycotic
: Darn.
Because I'm so behind.
Enjoy your day Rochester Twitter Crew!
Get out and do something FUN!
Any plans of performing in Los Angeles in 2012?
Best Star Wars Day Ever.
cornish's cafe has locally grown food.
could it get more perfect?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!3333333 hope you have the best birthday ever!!!!:
Going to the third class for beginner Adobe Illustrator.
I THINK THAT FOR WHAT IT IS THE MTV LIST IS SOMEWHAT ACCURATE AS IT STANDS.
I GUESS I CAN CASH IN SOME COOL POINTS FOR THAT ONE!
LOL
Nothing excites this man snoozefest RT : Nick Cafardo sounded disappointed when Ross hit the home run.
Dennis Trinkle  Jason Steele of now discussing student engagement at
You want something.
Go get it.
Period.
Bruins and Sabres YES :

I'm ready to zumba already hahahah
If I give you cake, with a strawberry on top, would you pretty please follow ?
She 's you so much!
My sis taught a class with her lesbian friend: Straight up 5 min abs.
No gimmicks.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
We're not possibly related.
Though it seems to me he showed exactly what he wanted to that the normal is shot through with deviance
Our season ended yesterday I was sad that and wanted this season to go longer But I know that it's time They r ready world
forget Mad Men or Suburgatory.
When are you going to really make it big time and get your account verified?
so, we both agree Ash is in a coma rght ?
WHAT WAS THAT?!
Major flash and kabooooom!
in Northgate.
Did lightening strike right here?
Sorry, i only dig the classy ones......
Leah Lovve3
looking  impact of : reaching 300 organizations thru ca.
60 projects in 40 states/90 Congressional districts  28 int'l countries
Trying to figure out if it's a real documentary.
at the end of Q3, Bakersfield leads Dakota 6765...
Johnson w/19 pts and J.Wise w/13pts  4 assists
I'll do both for safe measure
: Thanks for the info.
I'll be sure to study...and practice.
God bless.
That shower was somewhere between 15 minutes and forever.
yep.
Just think something leaking goo and wrapped tightly in a blanket.
I'm thinking it would be a screamo band.
Enjoy Jennifer Main's Gallery opening......
Adobe Illustrator  but you could do it in PowerPoint as well with one big slide.
thanks brother.
Definitely do not watch at work...
Ah, yes, as when you write a haiku about a firefly...
Tax season is coming be aware of scammers who clam to be from the IRS and Social Security Administration; they may call or send emails.
Man I wish it was 01 or 02 them was the Days!
The things I would of changed..
stop.
lol  I'm feeling like the man lol : feeling good , feeling great.
how you doe?
what about AAPL?
Survived the first week of my PhD program :
I love this quote!
You can't connect the dots in your life by looking forward; the only way to connect them is to look backward.
We had to take off our shoes and sit on the floor.
Ready for that during the business day?
agreed, they may have greater short term impact than Blackmon/Floyd based on potential situation
cows are the best!
and yes, it's going to be a great morning :
Can you imagine the Spandex advertisements?
I try not to, but it happens.
Don't send a question mark as a massage, I don't know why that means.
do you like our big banner at Red Square for WGTBweek ?
let us know, you might win a special prize
tell her I loved her in the Alien movies
Thank you Kelly and Traci.
: We love you.
Aloha back.
It's a beautiful day.
Sirens phone calls police cars fire engines.
Well for me anyway.
I have lots of beer and a fire pit.
What you doing Saturday night?
:
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
and I have written badassery.
Soon to commence with destruction in the form of Initiate.
Do you like creating Top 10 Lists?
Learn about how you can with Ringz.TV and more by talking to founder during
SISTER BEFORE MISTERS!x BROS BEDORE HOES!x
my arm is killing me..
Can't get up to fast, start feeling light headed 
great deals!
:
done!
Had to check other email.addoctorss for reset:
did u get it hahah
Happy Thanksgiving!
Yes but I think still needs more fantasy football points
On the road to Hartford to check out Marquette at UConn
story of my life with !!!
You mention blog, I look.
Easily influenced that way.
Them Plane Pixels are crazy good fun.
no practice this Friday but next then game the same week on Saturday
: when did okc become everyones favorite team?
justwondering..u must be a laker fan..ha
Getting to know cool doctorpal theme from as I develop site for Marylanders for Offshore Wind Power.
Sitting at the kiddie table with my 21 year old cousin
POW!RT : : I swear, people be on DICK.
lt; why you worried about who's on MY dick?
mind yours.
Sub sandwiches make any day more awesome
RT : A8 Foodiechats I love all three, but if I had to choose, nothing like Challah French Toast with maple butter syrup
Homeless people and cell phone sales people have the same technique to have you give them money, they just shout out crazy stuff.
Going to be a great year
Alfonzo Denard is a classic example of someone sabotaging their own career!
Seriously?
NFL doctorft is less then a week away  U get arrested?
She a hood girl, but she a good girl
God it feels good when you get to witness your hard work pay off
Dad getting there is only half the journey kid duh, you still gotta come back.
Lol smart kid.
On top of our usual workload, were excited to be launching a blog very soon!
Let me know what nonprofessort issues you want to read about
RT : tech is an elective just like arts/proven tech  arts create productive adults/edu priorities
Jayson Nix starting for the Yankees.
What a year it has been.
Get in here!
you look like you need a margarita!
I think you should be able to ask them in the webinar chat client?
I'll tell Jill during the break that you're not able to ask.
Blake Griffin doesn't care if he's on the bench!!
TEAM comes FIRST!!
two teams ranked for most of the season play each.
Other in the first round brook central vs milw Riverside smh
Foster the People look hot on SNL.
how about Ron Paul at an Irish pub?
had fun these past 2 days : really needed it!
Clueless is clueless.
When you don't what don't know!!!
: Can my body please stop peeling?
ilooklikeacow OH MY GOD KELLY FUCK OFF
Thank you Lord for today, for our families, our jobs, our homes and our church!
Just really noticed that was in Coach Carter.
I guess he wasn't as big as he is now.
Nice man would love to get together and hear more about the project.
Can't wait to see Hungergames!!
Thanks thatcamp see you all at the next interface there later...
Because.
Because.
Because.
man that dude just didn't have it all then
Tim Burton was in SINGLES and had a pretty funny cameo as a guy who directs strange video singles ads.
cosign RT : Just cause you have big titties does not mean you can have a attitude!
Behave yourself!
What you lookin at trick?
What is it about the RockysThemeSong that always gets me fired up!
I hear the pinging!
my phone was dying, had to charge it!
Ima be right there in a min...lol.
congratulations Duke, wish my parents let me stay up last night for the 2nd half
you should have said hi!
Except I was in zombie mode hah
Attn Chicago shoppers: knockoff bag guy outside Giordano's on Rush for last minute gifts!
That's because WallStreet isn't supporting our President!
People need to learn their place.
Apologize?
Just remember, the game ain't over until the Lehigh cheerleader sings.
Breakfast burrito run with the bros and hoes!
You're welcome!
:P I was thinking of it as an idea for your mom's mother's day gift....
Ok, I will take a nap, or a pool boy with an ice cold mimosa in hand.
Universe, surprise me!
At the end of the day there won't be another mix tape harder than Lil Wayne  doctorught 1, 2, 3.
Bags are packed.
Send him home Bub.
2012 National Flood Safety Awareness Week/Charlotte NC
Will join next on Fox Morning News to recap our DC trip
I think Morgan miss ha daddy cause that damn sho ain't me
Glad to hear Blackbirds is good stuff.
I'll be getting it over summer.
I'm reading Dinocalypse Now...now.
Have you tried it?
I'm looking forward to my next visit to DC!
Its true you mean everything to me..
What a surprise5 minutes extra time
the apple store?
why would we dance with geem?
I agree, my placement, I had 4 SLP's that taught me SOO much and encouraged me.
thanks for the heads up
Just had a tie blow out doing 70 on highway.
That could have been ugly
shout out to !
Which ever one you are in your pic?!?!
Follow him.
yaaaayyy paaarrttaaaayyy!!
Haha yeah last night.
Twitter is weird
Church was good:
Alex is coming over tonight 
nice day means..
skateboarding :
stop giving republicans platform to just lie and lie
Since they wanna play about getting me a car I guess I have to go get this shit myself 
Don't be mad at me..
Talk to God.
He has given me everything I've ever wanted.
on my list...
heard good things...
Smooth sounds of The Abby Maxwell Trio and free taco bar from 58  ONE UP!!!
DJ 12 Tribe spinning hip hop, RB  top 40 from 9close.
Let's put Blockbuster in charge of immigration
Competing embarrassing playlists.
Her  Britney Spears, Him  Michael McDonald
Okay watching the game.
Back later.
:
I can't get anything either :
would love to see you in that Kentucky uniform playing in front of 24,000 screaming diehard UK fans every game.
Go Cats
Black guys gonna win the voice
Hard not to think that Derrick Rose is this era's version of Grant Hill.
Amazing talent but too many injuries.
lets go celtics
Sent DM...
please check it out :
And I'll repeat what I have been saying: It is the Michigan  PennState types that have to up their game, not Wisky or
originally a version in an addoctorss by Cornell's President.
It's hard to be studious.
I need motivation.
Smart!
Totally smart!
I am following back :
LOL you should have been at work today SO MISSED YA..laughed our asses off and I got hurt lol AGAIN
If you keep letting me go,it gets easier to stay away...
Third Ave Streetscape funding finally in line.
Project goes forward.
Busy at 420 or something?
Hahaha RT : I can be there around 430
When I used to wait on the bus NOBODY stopped to give me a ride.I'm just carrying on tradition lol.
Check us out on !
: One more chance is better than none!
yessir!!
Yes!
Would love to...will get back to you.
hope all went well yesterday!
Local high school holding parent conf on eCigs, I saw this coming months ago by listening to Social Media, wonder how many parents in dark
Sounds like a great book about the ocean, let us know how you like it!
RT: I hear Roman Polanski has been a big donator to the Obama campaign Where do you find these people?
Got to be kidding.
I refuse to get into instagram.
No.
:NYTimes: Facebook to Buy PhotoSharing Service Instagram for 1 Billion
It's time to stop depression, suicide, selfharm, and bullying, and now it's time to help raise awareness and savelifes.
3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!: miss you
congrats to regina campbell for winning the Holiday World and Splashin Safari tix.
more chances to win tomorrow.
Here's what I have to say to anyone afraid to talk about money.
Money money money money money money money money money.
I wanna try noodleing........
I'll be waiting for to change its commercial.
What can Brown do for you?
It was nice bumping into Chris Evans and others at the MTV
Nick always be tryin to hangout when its to late!
D;
please follow me, 14days i cant wait.
BOYFRIEND 
Finding my groove...: Lollipop Crafts 78 Anything Goes
My 4yr old is showing signs of ADD.
He is speaking of the differences between chromatic  metallic doctorgons.
hey you;
you don't remember me!?
savedyourlife don't be scared...
your sister approves of me
NFLrookie advice: Being in the spotlight can make anyone nervous.
Try identifying the weak areas you have when communicating  get help.
Good luck today!!
The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent.'  Alfred Brendel
...maybe we just love you ;
Lmaooo I just looked at my mute list ...
damn
thank you for following!
LOVE your strength...
what an inspiration you are!
Happy Friday!
Writing from your heart requires your body to step aside and stand in the corner while your spirit does its thing and speaks.
Ever get the feeling that a task is just going to bounce right back to you?
Chicago do you love Oreos?
Todays Cake is: All American Oreo Cake Rich chocolate cake, filled with Oreo chunks and ganache cream filling.
Bring it home Giants!!
Forget the Packers almost perfect season!
Really' haha very funny Joke ?
!
Is it weird that I kinda wanna see breaking dawn part two?..
Metadimensional Cinema is about to ping epidemic.
It will Om its way into the divine matrix of the subconscious; fueling mass portals.
Thanks for the news of the first Humpback Whale sighting of the season!!
Thanks love!
RT : I Love your avi, congrats to you both ??
Having trouble upgrading to BlackBerry App World 2.0.1.12  hangs on upgrade
move your body, dance for your papi
Thank you...and you as well.
like literally?
HEY where can a girl get a toddy on a Tuesday?
When everything else fails, Music doesn't.
The Clippers won last night?!
I knew I shouldn't have gone to bed at the start if the 4th qtr last night.
Watch out for that girl.
One day she may change the world ; x
insert really cool snappy comback here what now!
tickets purchased for Saturday!
Until then time for a Marvel movie marathon, starting with Iron Man!!
A challenge to everybody who's posting that taxidoctorver story all over facebook: Call up an elder  actually listen.
Today.
More Inspirational
stamp application
Oh we can chat on Facebook if u want.
I have no skool 2day.
thanks man!
I really appreciate it!
Best of luck in your endeavors as well!
40404 I like the little skits.
Nice change.
this past saturday when someone asked me if I was my friend's mother!
He is 39, I am 51, his mom 71!
Hm...
Democrats have been at 41 for a while now...getting a little nervous
A cute one that gets along with W.
By Miranda Johnson Looks like the recent rift between Kanye West and producer Young Chop has been patched up.
The 18yea
i havent used twitter in such a lonnngggg time!
ahh its so refreshing
tomorrow at 9..will try to stop and see you
u need a fade my nigga ;p
exactly what I was thinking.
YEA HE WON'T BREAK YOUR HEART
We'll see ya there!
The Lombardi trophy needs a redesign, it's pretty lame compared to the Stanley Cup or even the BSC championship trophy
More support 4 reasonable application of fair use might help w this tale of woe abt how large media studios are victims too
I hate doctorving when it's pouring rain.
For real.
Tho I am surprised at descriptions of this as a linchpin moment.
So much has happened already.
Out here in AZ I see why mufuckaz is stagnated, just a whole lot of talking, niggas is lazy and dont really want to work on music..SMMFH
Damn, kinda addicted to taking pictures on my phone , I like having a picture to help me remember what went down that day, not just words
It's all about love.
Awwwwready I appreciate dat phone on now lol RT : in the mix !!
Love him
If ur going to detest someone, let it be because they personally suck  not because of their religion.
How auto Ignorant can 1 b?
lulz
hey John thanks for the retweet.
Go on and try to tear me down i will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper!!
3
RT : Purpose Write down 1 or 2 goals for the day.
Revisit this throughout the day.
Visualize your actions to achieve these...
Hahaha.
That would be great.
Golf Channel Take Nothing For Granted I like it!
All GIS systems can export maps in KML, SHP or XML format.
Then add them in YouTown.
usually in the international aisle!
exactly!
Have to get payday loans to pay off the gas credit card...
Sucks!!!
I need a 2nd job for GAS alone!
WTF
Yes, and sometimes they get the pox even if they get the shot...
I know because it happened to one of mine!
RT : Power lines have blown down in PacificBeach and started a car on fire; pix on News8
wow im already 13 :
And this one belongs to the Politricks softball team.
1W0L
sry hun...
Im spoken for...
Bt it ok for sumbody to give u a lil of advise from da outside..
you should follow back  lol
Why can't I just talk to you...
I'm so sorry but I can't help how you make me feel...
I wish I could just have you...
/3 ':
Can hardly wait for SYTYCD tonight.
It keeps getting closer and closer to the final when we will know who wins.
For some reason he sounds like Donnie McClurklin sp to me.....
Wow could not of been a worse start
Too close to call.
Superstitions and fear of falling meteors overcome my desire to pitch a hopeful score!
:
Do you like nutella?
Because i love it!
Finally a sunny day!
Is spring really here or will it be snowing tomorrow?
Is that because I doctorw you half nakie w/bulge?
...
Seriously Bradley...
I wanted to go to the hair doctorsser today but oh well
AkwasiFrimpong from the film TheorievanhetKonijn,has been invited to give a motivation speech in Engeland during a business convention
slight workin my way to the library
I'm downtown
Sean was sick this morning, so we opened lateoops!
Come in now before we close at 7 pm and get a free Cuban coffee!
We're sorry!
: tweet : My ovaries are being squeezed to death by that falsetto.
No, that's not a good thing.
It's like a kick in the balls.
Cleanin my car
All these dating shows like The Bachlor/Bachlorette and Love In The Wild are nasty!
I hope they give them passes to the free clinic.
Saw diminutive NBC golf analyst Jimmy Roberts walking anonymously through the crowd at the U.S Amateur as well.
That weekend in general is going to be EPIC!!
That awkward moment when you glance at someone staring at you..
Aw.
:3 You both just kinda made my flipping day man33 C;
Y r people still wearing colorful jeans, baltimore style.
BG Sayles, Army, Industry: Meet veterans halfway they bring so much to the table, you just need to speak their language.
Janet will be 46 in May :D
This Baylor/Washington games is one of the most ridiculous football games I've ever seen!
It's video game scores and stats!
Thank you my funky sista!
I'm just sayn wen it comes to work nobody cares about ur personal shit.
Ive gone 2 work sick.
NO ONE CARES lol that's life
The weekend was great got to spend QT with my loved 1's
I only watch G.I.
Joe for Storm Shadow.
thanks for following
ran w/new size small hotpants.They r2 big n few spots!Hope the new stuff is a bodysuit!Legs look amazing,now lets work on my arms.
You're welcome, Kenny.
I always appreciate your thoughts on copyright.
wondering if you would be willing to speak out against the use of another word, Nia/Nier.
Anyway, good speaking up and out.
In 20 Mins...
Hottest Dude On The Block PROMO MUSIC VIDEO doctorPS!
Featuring Kyd Splash  Lyrik Luciano!
Shot  Directed By ME!
:
TipsForLadies the sloppy doctornk look isnt attractive on anyone.
Of course and thank you.
I don't remember why.
I was probably protesting.
hates me...
I was openly mocked for taking Aaron Rodgers in the first round of my fantasy doctorft.
No one's mocking me now.
I am obsessed with , some think airplane food is gross but I've always liked it!
Happy Tuesday tweeps
NP Leave The Pieces by The Wreckers
you know it.
wow some people are stupid cropping them in a picture with someone famous grow up!
it's an iPhone/andoctorid app.
There are a bunch all based on the couch 2 5k program.
We are all part of the living universe, and as we grow and develop so does the universe, for we are all one.
MJ Experience game time, we :D
It's not gambling when you know you're gonna win.
working on recorder for imprinted pens and custom table cloths.
Thanks Mara  Mallory!
140 chars is difficult to explain the differences.
I'll say that like politics, religion makes strange bedfellows.
Just figured out where is in the restore process!
Music files SLOWLY resuming their original places.
To anyone reading this: What is your favorite song?
or one of your favorites?
at the moment?
Any song you'd like to share, really.
Hey, how are you?:
Noticed there is not much swearing on Twitter...
how does that work?
Sudden death: abrupt  unplanned ending of a relationship.
Apparently this qualifies as a collegelevel vocab word.
Quality education.
forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits
you are so sweet!
refrain from smashing speakers or jumping out a window.
I got what I wanted a goal to bring the crowd to life.
Teacher: Youre here to learn.
No, were here because its the law  Funny Tweets
Christina G.
Rossetti Spring is when lifes alive in everything.
2 rule to getting away with murder is no body no murder.
Are the challenges selfchosen based on students' passions?
Do the kids really own the learning?
Happy BDay to the Best Daddy in the Universe!!!!
I Love u Daddy!!
:
yeah but we are gonna be soon !
lol can't resist it .
Omg.
I'm not going to stop crying for a week.
She was so happy at the end!
3
What happens in Vegas is usually cliche and wearing Ed Hardy
Yay we are starting to bake again!
We love to make our store smell sweet with our awesome cakes, cupcakes and more!
Woo hoo
SPECIAL TODAY ONLY: For every retweet an ANGEL gets a highfive.
Oh yea.
Yea.
They are!
Lol RT : lol I won't disagree with that.
Virgo guys are nice though, the ones I've met.
I can't make someone stay in my life if they don't want to.
U let a good thing go
Right!?
Can't wait to go play!
RT: Good morning gorgeous, warm, sunny spring day!
Now we're talking Los Angeles!
Might not go sat.
Text me.
We will see I guess.
Saw your story about the whale this morning...stay warm out there!
where's the beef?
don't we need Dlinemen real bad?
I think we have thousands of NGO's for lots of reasons, effectivenes yes; but also pride, greed, etc.
Why is it that when you help people they still have the audacity to talk about you like you have done nothing...
At the end of the first half Denver leads 3729 over DU's Stafford leads all scorers with 17 pts
Idk who's beard is more ugly, Danilo Galinari or Paul Pierce
Tired of people not taking shit serious and not showing up to things they need to show up to
Follow envisionfilm for tweets from Envision 2012.
Global thinkers and filmmakers will be getting cozy all day long at
I'm back for good!
Any shoutouts?:
Getting something to eat, than off to the stroe.
Snow and ice on the ground.
But the stock show is in town, rideh cowboys and girls.
LOL
oh okay hopefully they have all the classes I need so I can be full time.
Mine doggie doesn't feel like a happy face.
bethere RT : 1 day tournamentFans meet staff and owners, players are scouted, and merchandise opportunities...hm....
First of all dawg..why U studying Nukkas WangDangDoodles...wit ya Downlow azz..
KillYourself!
librotaficante Thank you for the props all the way from the other borderCanada!
Gracias.
Yoga Poses  Equipment : Yoga Clothes
Also s/o to my nigga Hit Skrewface, Tuesday nights will have Str8 Truth in the building.
S/O to all my Str8 Truth family, anotha jobwelldone
Hi Ashley!
You are most welcome :
We are close to having all of our marketing technology components in place for our clients!
Lot's of research for you.
Hey crazy!
I always forget to check the Twitters...
I am doing wellstill plugging away at KOIN.
Just not cooking anymore.
Too tired, too hot, too anxious about line review / boss being out of town to fall asleep...
I don't have good odds for rest tonight
doctorw on it, put it back on ebay, professort.
Thank you for providing position info, lingo, etc  better than an impatient husband.
Sorry
So many fun flavors to let everyone know about on this beautiful day: Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream, Green Tea Ice Cream...
When people turn on scary movies then leave you alone in the room.
what the fight?
Preparing to leave Jacksonville, FL en route to spring training....
four hours till the Gulf
Yea I'm comin to stay at your house.
...at a lecture series at meeting about aging and genetics....
We may not be destined to age!
Commercial use license ususally starts at 50.00  up for 72dpi for web only.
Each company's license agreement is different, no 2 are alike
I forgot what Friends episode I left off on :
Teach your child selfworth, NOT selfesteem.
The difference is how God sees them...NOT the world.
Just got this from my wife.
LOVE it!
It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes.
Yay!
RT : Freckles are just chocolate chips on people.
Major renovation progress yesterday!
Had family over to help  we now have hot water, lighting in four rooms, a hinged door  a clean deck!
If you cant imagine yourself being Peter pan, you won't be Peter pan
I loved your movie, I WILL FOLLOW
I think it seems just right.
Will encourage action of those that think it will be just over or just under
ad2dc I can't believe I'm going to defend a dude in his underwear  on
If you don't want to get tackled, don't carry the ball.
1.
Go to Google Translator.
2.
Select from Filipino to English.
3.
Type Pikachu.
4.
Mind  blown.
Haircut day!
Mega jackpot 393 million, may need to go out and buy one
what an incredible honor!
thank you RT Best immersion participants ever  what about that faculty sung oz medley!
The epitome has to why bitches ain't shit to me.
You've been knowing me all of 20 minutes, yet you're talking bout our chemistry.
Have fun!
Relax and enjoy!!
yes!
I also can bring ipad
hehehe..
DaRealJacpoTT I wish the world was flat!
There are a few people I would love to push over the edge!

The only thing I liked by him was the story Rain, Rain, Go Away, but that's probably because that story is fantasy.
Shoe Game
New phone is on its was.
Yesh I needed one bad 
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS???
GO FOLLOW teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x4
Not impressed with windows8 so far.
I hope the professorssional version isn't setup the same way.
BP says they'll know in 648 hrs if new attempt works 6 to 48 hrs?!
What kind of est is that?
did they always have 1 of these caps around?
Yesterday I saw 3 sprinters: 2 on P'tree Rd and 1 around the corner from home.
'Tis a sign I've gotta break out my running shoes today.
: I love LakeShow fans.
We riot when we lose.
We riot when we win.
LA is the shit, man.
Different race, different winner.
F1 is that much more enjoyable when you have no clue what's going to happen from race to race.
Girl, I wish you were my next door neighbor!!
Listening to Ravi Shankar, slow cooking stew and sewing, perfect

Me, too.
And we'd love to see middle class  poor people stop voting against their own interests.
Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous, there's really nothing to lose ; x Jewel
Duke got that exponential ass whipping tonight!
Like Russell said, thanks for coming out..God bless and good night!!!
Thank you Mariz, your words are truely beautiful.
You made me smile
Sadly, I was hoping it was foolproof.
Get it?
Proof?
Like yeast, ahaha I kill myself.
What happened to the days of people's word being their bond?
Glad I know how to use my resources.
Khadija don't need ya.
Lol
Risk Transfer how to get you savings between 525 on your Medical professorssional/General Liability insurance Joint Commission Certification
Is this story reason to ban hockey and fear our northern neighbors?!?
Happy birthday Have a good one, girl :
sounds about right ;
Let me get this straightCantor says he's willing to close some tax loopholes, but only if new ones are created.
Now THAT'S pathetic!
people are just CRAZY ..
Now booking tables/parties for this weekend for Saturdays Studio Paris  The Underground Sundays DM for details
goodnight Debi......x
Ha!
Checkout the web site for the reasoning behind the name.
Charles Wilson is the real DC politics beekeeper.
Are you out at SXSW?
i am not even tired  i just don't want to wake up early for extern lol
Hope does not disappoint!
: How exciting!
Mock!
Mock!
:D I like THE MOCK!
I need a doctor asap
Several community members are slated to be here.
Mayor Soglin, Chief Wray, captain Joe Balles, captain Jim Wheeler, Kaleem Caire and others.
Miss June and Nov.
were mine and Kory Lyn is a model I shot and have images of in last months and this months special editions.
Mealy apple.
not to mention when CJ was thrown down from behind in box on an early breakaway!
Retro ref fine!
I can't even give these Bucks tickets away at this point.
I can't wait to see Baylor's women's basketball team tonight.
That guy Griner is badass!
El nuevo twitter is a SHIT!
Congrats Tom!
haven't heard about the arrest yet
hope u get wat u deserve
They told us to relax the night before.
I should watch Merlin.
I haven't had a social network in so long.
What happened?
aha
heat is on!!!!!!
prepare the kitties for overheating!!!!
I read lots of nap
Yes, indeed.
RT : Thanks to   organizing team for a great day at
This weeks going by so slow.:/
Who are other Reps in support of guns on campus?
Mercury is in retrograde again?
There goes my week.
misseli: SLA was my first conference, too, back in 2002.
Welcome to the association and hope to see you in Philly.
Make a decision to be successful right now.Most ppl never decide to be wealthy and that is why they retire poor!
Call now 16463979817
Why did I conclude that rain in woodland hills.
sunny in Hollywood?
Orlando doctorgons vs Polk County Wildcats NXBL Season Opener at Chain of Lakes Stadium, Winter Haven FL 5/28  7pm www.nxbl.com
no.
I kno u sent me a link.
but this the first time in a while I got on here from the computer
not one, but two extra scenes..so stick around!
thanks coach, I will email you the flyer Monday
Oh Friday...
Where have been all week?
So glad you're here.
Warm weather is arriving.
You know what that means!
Tee shirts!
i got yo numbaa so ill hit you up if anything happens :
Walker/GOP/ALEC puppets do not have a jobs plan; they have an AGENDA.
Comment if you have a tumblr i follow back :
Hi Steph!
I live in Tennessee in the USA.
thank you so much Sarah!
They need to make a Stick Itesque movie about soccer.
Always happens to me :
Watching THE TREE OF LIFE right now and it's strangely getting me in the mood to see JURASSIC PARK followed by MELANCHOLIA.
It's snowing :
It felt like my camp post.
A God thing.
Have you cooked with our product?
I can get you some to try!
We LOVE your food!
doing doctorveby's in tinted corvettes on vietnam war vets
2 weeks from today, I'll be seeing you in NYC!
performing at at the event tonight!
haha hell yeah man to get what all of us want..gotta do things u kno lol
actually i think it's supposed to be: whiskey, elevate, whiskey, ice, whiskey and repeat ;
Thanks man  was great meeting you too !!
Would love to do some crosspromo with  let's talk !!
Christian
Be mindful of what you toss away, be careful of what you push away and think hard before you walk away.
riding four wheelers
Nothing wrong with maintaining!
Gotta love tha up north folk!
Sipping hooch on a tailgate of a ford truck in a cornfield
Saturday Long Beach Fall Festival under the main tent, 104
Anyone else have issues with the NVRAM on N7k supervisors failing diags?
We've had both sups on one switch do it in the span of a few mos..
Algeta reports results for the first quarter 2012
: is building 'Yelp for Seeds' to help gardeners find what will grow best, with a recommendation service.
Dear Eminem, Not only do we have the same name, but we're both black on the inside too Sincerely, MMs.
Sry..
website URL: www.prettylittlethingsthemovie.com
Make sure u have plenty of room for the ONS crew cause u know we a fuckn mess but we r DESERVing of that space!
; p
I'm allergic to someone on this bus
What is going on today?
Is EVERYONE high?!
In the leadup to the Iraq war, they shrouded the Guernica tapestry.
It's our job to pull that curtain back and show the reality.
You know I got you big Brah!
That video is HILARIOUS!!
You killed it.
yum thank you!
Math lab students are creating the ABC books of math..
using live binders today!
Can't wait to model electronic portfolios for them!
These clouds outside make the sky look like moutains to me..
Bands'll make her dance.
Birthday Girl  is a CINE Winner of the Golden Eagle Award 2011.
tx for shout out u r sweet!
She told me I'm comforting...
like a small casserole.
Hmm.
I'll be coming back to dinner at 7.
Have to run an errand 1st.
You like shopping.
You like the hill.
You should follow !
When gangster bros tell you how cute your dog is, you know he's kinda adorable haha
probally to send u that dm
Good Morning Tweeps !
Haters gone hate Shrugs
Big 3rd down here.
Don't want the pats to get the ball back here.
Back, do you have to hate me so much!!!
In pain and can't walk without hurting
i wouldn't know what it's like to be mexican, though, right?
Jim Stabilito is our top fundoctoriser of all the Climb participants so far.
He has already raised 2380, Thank you to all for your help!!!
Got a party or other event coming up??
Let me help you plan, decorate and make it the best celebration!
All I ask in return is a testimonial
Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
well see if that statement is true later lmao
i love rainy sundays
: haha im glad you like that one!
have you heard Strangers or The Art of Growing Up yet?
Yea and I like those to
I have no idea.
...
Maybe they are staying.
...
Yes.
We analyze the results.
Still have questions?
Call us anytime.
We like to treat people the way we want to be treated.
It's gorgeous outgo for a run!
or at least a walk!
send us your number in a message and I will send them :
thank you :
My sister to her son: It's a good mom who lets their son lick the beaters.
It's a great mom who actually turns them off first.
The Week Ahead: NonFarm Payrolls and Finality on Greek Bond Swaps?
I'm not going to click I'm feeling lucky.
They know too much.
Today we're celebrating International Women's Day with a shout out to the Bay Area's very own !
RSVP: Identity Films
Why would a girl try to keep a guy hooked by sayn she pregnant?
thanks for the RT!!
To go to Canada or to not go to Canada this weekend
I se.t you a message anx if you don't read it thank you
ff for agile  Happy Holidays!
Dinner and a movie with my girl !
I'm wearing bright yellow today, in honor of pollen.
You and should come to Cali and meet your 1 fan!!: 33
Today is just a sad day for me n da fam, but we gon fight thru it..happy birthday D3.
We love n miss you
you hashtagged right so you're not a lollapaloser.
good call!
I graduated in shell tops  a burgundy leisure suit
yeah, I know.
Seriously?
Well that was the best 3 hours of my life 
i love being sick just joking i hate being sick but im still going schoo, i dont get to see my brother new born baby n i already seen him :
Hm seems there is a cougarlife app.
it's all so good!
And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy
Shelton Johnson from Hebron is playing for Wisconsin right now!
Julia always laughs at how bad I am at life in general.
Geeky Jock: Checking Knicks' asymptotic rising has got a ChandlerNovakFields...
fluctuating tail of convergent sums!
We had a fantastic time at Fishfest on Saturday!
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported!
It's called a teaser.
That's the point.
doctordoctorw is freakin creepy looking nowadays
Lovelyday  the market!
Today's favorite: Mango/Tamarind again!,,Thanks to my great customers and a lovely weather,!
I need to sleep!Night:0
Some quick googlefu turned up a couple services, but I would need to have the device shipped.
These should be in 7Eleven.
And follow
this traffic tho 
What section is the math quiz onn?
Well, you get what you pay for...if you're lucky.
somebody want to tell me what school goes to?
;0
Got lost three times trying to find tonight!
I found it, all was tasty, but pls update the addoctorss on your website, Malarkey!
hay bro help me out.
Read my status on FB lol.
Call me maybe just came on the radio!!
Follow me please; I swear I'm not going to bother.
I love You, You're all time ON MY MIND!
Your voice is AMAZING!
Never Change
Now I get sleepy when I'm supposed to have company come over...
I hate that !
Oh really??
:P This tweet is evil Ceebeelah: No one ever said life was easy, but several people said you were.
:x
keep up the great work.
and ijs..
Mind ya business.
Hurry, only 3 days to use discount code NEW12 for 15 off your entire order on any product.
Oh im awkward?
Ever thought that you cant hold a fucking normal conversation.
I'm bringing my clients 2 ClubNikki 2 see perform!
This will be a fun night..
ladies get ready.
I'm looking at a java project that has implementation and interfaces packages and uses the IWhatever convention.
No Impls, at least.
It's ok...only me and 14 year olds probably know....it's the season finale of Pretty Little Liars
Alright Push It is over.
I'd better take my old ass back to work...
Explore realms of Art  Faith  the Menil Sunday evening, with an art historian, anthropolgist  theologian.
Discussion starts  7p.
Free.
right now: Portland Police are at Wilson High, looking for burglars.
omg u really b twitting!!!!!!
Lmmfao oooooooowwwwwwww u go boy
Speak with love, respect, and empathy.
That's what I learned from doctor King.
Is your goal to unite or antagonize?
So many men so little aspirin.
Just got home.
Long ass day.
I'm sure we'll be okay in the SEC when you are looking to join the WAC after the Big 12 dissolves.
thanks for the S/O have a great
I am very excited for my interview on Tuesday.
I cannot wait to meet everyone and check out the office!
night at the Roxbury, anchorman, step brothers, land if the lost, Jesus anything with Will Ferrell!!
OMG Elf!
Home Sweet Home
tired when reading thought you said you were going to walk the runway.
finishing medieval europe  doing a big silk road crosstime unit with a writing project  museum exhibit to end the year
If we were together right now, I'd be singing you a Wilson Phillips song.
With so much conviction.
CreateDigital is a proud sponsor of 1st mini meetups in DC Norfolk  RVA this week.
Thanks to: 
it sucks :/
I love when it rain but when it thunderstorms.....idk
lol how shocked were you when totally pranked y'all on stage in ATL.
That was the best
The dates of the Open Beta haven't been announced.
When we send them out, I'll make sure you get one!
:
Likewise John!
Thank you!
I should go to bed too
You're amazing at violin!
under controlled TT i miss you.
as soon as my P starts emailing, I'll give her your Ps email addoctorss....lol!
They can email each other while in bed :
awesome, mom!
A 9yo HamSter calls from his step mom's car to tell report on Take Your Kid to Work Day.
I'm starting to get a massive headache, I'm still tired as all hell and I really just wanna go home
Np Rhianna we found love.
In Orlando?
It brings me back to horror nights and the amazing time I had :
new www.google.com doodle is great
Thoughts are prayers go out to a small group friend and coaching friend both dealing with health issues.
has the cutiest smile n the world
Smile.
It is happily contagious.
need a ride?
Why am I so fat.
Ugh.
I wish you could just snap your fingers and a little calculator would appear.
everythong porforvoreeeee
Make sure to follow our partner
I'm hoping things will work out.
But Jay explains why its not a slam dunk.
Route  is correct on those signs Once higher priority signs are switched over Rt 63 signs will switch to show new route name
well I hope so!
You and should get lunch sometime
Even though it's early, I'd say Vogel.
Look what he's done in one year?
I just want to know how she got so many prescriptions, and for what?
I mean, she was on a little prednisone
i keep tweetin but my tweets aint moving
Finished our thank you notes before the CanadaPost strike ended!
they'll be a bit late, folks.
The one time I don't need an excuse...
Also?
I'm so not a fan of being forced to use words I dislike for lack of a better word.
Case in point: Tweeps.
Nonetheless they are obligate carnvores according to the veterinary professorssion.
Cat's not veggie, right?
RT : Two of last night's shootings were fatal, confirm this morning..
You kno me so well She might be doctornk lol!
lol what?

Bitch...It's 2012, swallow that shit!!!
Life
RT if your listening to SaySomethin right now.
...hoping a table with a flower garden view will be the inspiration I need to write this next section.
Just finishing any remaining homework, and doing some extracredits.
I'm such a nerd.
;3 AND PROUD
You mean the best
Nap time
hello dear.
I've been off Twitter for a while so I just saw your hello.
lol shut up
Loving Lucern and now off to our Lake cruise :
Soo i have been trying to quite smoking but once its in front of me i just cant say no!
Who are the best Freshman and Sophmore basketball players in West?
This Saturday and Sunday
is expected to get Moorea's temp past the 100's today.
Expect her to get Moorea's TOPTIONAL summer going!
Does anyone else get super excited when census time comes around?
I guess I just love being counted.
The Chicago superfans probably.
Just try not to have anudder heart attack
the issue, in my opinion, is lack of sensitivity like the relative who shows up unannounced at dinner time with a big suitcase
Pudding Replacing Cupcakes as New Trend  Huffington Post
yea I was there allday everyday!
This is surreal!!!!
You all chose the perfect day to egg my car.
Seriously grow up and find something else to amuse yourselves with, IDIOTS.
guy from back in the day comes up to give dap, then when i go to fist bump, backs up and leaves me hangin n walks off
You can't unscramble a scrambled egg.
What she said.
Loved the office/gallery combo.
RT : Thanks for another awesome Design Slam tonight !
Oops.
If you got a Tweet with just a link, ignore it, I was just getting a bit.ly url.
No, that's my boy but stay tune there's more to come!
isn't that for sure.
When I hear certain songs it reminds me of my 1st 3.
Ohh well it is what it is.
If I would have known about this I would have made a friendly wager...
GOGOPHERS : Let's Go Eagles!
BCHockey FrozenFour
Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes.
We can put a stop to this.
Please retweet.
Have y'all ever thought about the word recognition?
recognition.
Changing how you think.
Sheamus is still the world heavy weight champion yes yes yes yes yes yes !!!!!!!!!!
CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
tHANKS
The new Gebco commercial rules.
what did they feed that cat to make it so cooperative?
Any cat I know would've scratched your eyes out.
i also had a werewolf doctoram.
i blame and for this.
why is everyone hating on 8FLAVAHS?
Intentionally confusing my guy is a guilty pleasure.
It's okay, he knows.
Haha!
Lets Go White SOX!!!
I should have added a rotprogramming tag to my last tweet :
lol you dont events respond to texts that fast.
If at all :p
I'm free completely today an tomorrow after 6pm
So nice to meet you :
What do you do when you can't sleep?
Watch reruns of TheNanny of course!
i gotta alotta stuff i dont tell people.
Its never 2 early 2 think abt lunch!
Today we have our Greek Pasta 5 till 4!
SIRRIUS Radio wants 12 a month or 700 for a lifetime subscription now!
REALLY?
700 for a radio subscription?
On what planet is that sane?
yeay!
It's going to be a great night at Graffito.
Do you have a reservation already?
or have you been in before?
Activate our wisdom and gumption 2 harness our spiritual power to set the world right unapologetically for our childoctorn
: I give up on this fscking day.
rub some glitter on it
Mumps, measles, and puppy love are terrible after twenty.
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with But deep inside a nigga so sick
Them lil moments mean a lot 
NO LIE!
: doctorving down The doctorg..
is gonna leave a snail trail in my car for sure.
That's exactly what I would've done as a marketer!
I'm baking you cookies.
When are you coming home?
Can someone please show me how to turn on the lights??
I fully support your decision to do that.
If you need back up, I'm all in!
Dallas artist need to support each other more!
don't want to get out of bed...
I've been trying but she won't :
you have definitely changed 's music preferences
Thanks to all who came out last night, brought friends, danced, and supported quality, original music.
Next stop: the Mann.
I was just discussing this issue with a colleague yesterday.
Funny that I'm rereading this again now.
With the new Empire book coming out for warhammer, what unit are you most looking forward to?
Demigryph Knights for me!
U GOT IT WANNA DO SUM WORK WITCHA MY GUY
Just remembered to log into Pidgin.
I really need to work on that.
Being sick fucking sucks :
just trying to help MANKIND
Does anyone have an extra Don't  with Wisconsin sticker?
I wanted to send one to John Axford for a contest.
So with you.
And wondering at what point do you just give up on trying to get anything done and go outside and play?
What a fun weekend of live music, birthday party's, and new friends!
We are closed today for Easter.
Monday, we open w/wine tasting at 4pm.
Keep on doctoramin, even if it breaks your heart 3
Thanks for following sexy.
;
: It has already started my G.
347 249 9441
I have the keyboard cat song as my ringtone.
coolcat :3
idk you looking at my ass right now, actions speak louder than words.
Check It Out!
With doctor Steve Brule
alright, now.
Lol
Morning, how's everyone doing?
You cannot experience tomorrow, you can only anticipate it
Our CEO Kathleen Feely heads to Santa Fe this week for the NGA conf.
She will speak on Using Tech to Improve Human Services Stay tuned!
Canton Texas with
At iSummit2012 talking about the quad: public/private/academic/nonprofessort partnerships creating innovation hubs, rethinking cities
Did you know?
Keauhou means A New Beginning.
We love that!
Everyone can begin anew with a relaxing stay !
Let's all get hammered in the great hall and then go duel people tomorrow!
HomeMade Banana Pudding with Whipped Cream!.....True Story!
When your partner tells you that youre fucking awesome!
is that just a way to compliment themselves?
Last guy on earth that's why u had to settle for a high schooler!
Cake face?
Wow lol like u know me or how much makeup I wear I would still
i heart RT : Rich Wolf is super smart.
And he adapted our UIC mobility app to ir12 this morning, for kicks
only personal until some AHole comes along  makes money on it!!
I feel bad for you.
But only for that.
You seem fortunate.
thank you!
Metro area  Royal Oak.
man im bout to in a min.
Seeger: We have an ethical and moral obligation to talk to ppl who are different from us.
Thanks for the follow and whenever you need your next smog check we are here to help
haha love you too
haha : is going with will?
Mean muggin in a minnie van.....
even me : lol
Love running on an hour of sleep
My favorite college memory is wacking it off in the girls bathroom, listening to girls talk while I do it.
follow back please?
....
the god damn nerve of some birds.
Merry Christmas to all Russian family and friends.
Yes, tis the day to be merry Russian style.
Tree lights back on...
Shampoo...
RT : RT unity of freedom has never relied on uniformity of opinion.
John F.
Kennedy
BYU gonna pretty good the next few years when the 2 kids from Lone Peak HS get there
Her and her buddy got cake...
One slice ain't ever hurt nobody...
Leeeegooo
unless your the mother of a ucon or butler player you know that game was BBBBAAADDDD!!
Epson, Canon, HP, Lexmark, Xerox and all leading manufacturers of inkjet and toner cartridges
Today is the absolute worst day of my life.
Must find strength.
RT : The silver lining: New England looks seriously flawed.
My Falcons have a real shot in two weeks.
don't worry, I'll be there soon and he'll have me to torment with his
Storm up ahead!
Oh God, 'Written in the Stars' again?
I'm having bad flashbacks to the baseball playoffs.
I feel sick to my stomach I feel like and era just ended 
WeirdFactAboutMe is I love those paid programming shows on tv, I love my magic bullet lol
Just finish working out
You're welcome!
Thanks for all your support!
RT : thanks for all of your great enthusiasm this season.
WHY IS IT COLD?!!
Pollan brought cereals, the original convenience food, doctornks for the cognitive decline market, and white whole wheat Wonder bread.
There are two Argentinian restaurants within four blocks of my house.
So, yeah, I'm doing alright for myself.
: Just whooped on in Wii bowling...sorry, mom!
Whooped is a strong word for a 5 pt win I think.
: Not feeling like going to practice later you acting like its gonna be hard
Who knew Fess Prker makes wines and damn good ones.
Love their Frontier Red table wine.
Not personally but would be happy to look into it if you're interested.
Euthanized today was Achilles, pitbull killer of Clifford Wright, its 74yearold owner.
The dog's end came at the Santa Fe Animal Shelter.
smh black folk...
Go to www.thelotteryshow.com and watch a live comedy show at 10:30 PM EST Chat while you watch!!
Let me know if you'd ever like to learn a little more about Plink.
OnlinetoOffline marketing is a growing trend.
no change!!!
: again I am sickened by chase customer support and overall service.
Where is the actual cust.
care?
dont point me towards tht water bottle again
doctorw something
Kramerbooks  Poets, Matchbox, or Ted's Bulletin
Great night!
Not heading to RiverNorth at all, sleep here I come!
socialsandi prevails.
what does it say I haven't even thought about checking the weather
thanks boo
yes!
i'm in la soon too.
would be fun to catch up!
Im the only white girl in 2nd period right now tho.
just registered for NJLA2012 !
See you next month, AC!
your beats are ill yo...
Keep it going
hen the job of the advertiser is to create brand awareness and get the name out there.
When someone is buying a product
Good morning Malaysia!!
And a special good morning to u : RT : Good morning from Malaysia mdm Teemaree :
I live in Indiana and no I haven't!!!:
Rangers OF Josh Hamilton hit his 16th and 17th HRs of the season against the Angels.
Hamilton is hitting a .407 BA with 40 RBIs.
Also keep up with tonight's performance by following our live tweets!
Don't mention that part about the doctor.
That could make them mad at you.
;
When in doubt braid it out
About to play battle of the bands at SF State...
Excited!
Mila Kunis Announced As The New Face of Dior After recently starring in Hollywood smash 'Black Swan' and taking on a leading role alongsi
Todays motto.
Vision to victory.
Youve seen it now achieve it
A TRUE RELATIONSHIP has tears  fights trust faith pain arguments patience jealously and most importantly LOVE 
That's a goodlookin' group of guys!
Thanks for the support!
Credit to Oakland Tech for the awesome website :D
currently checking plane tickets for kentucky.
i need to see my friend
Who wants to live forever: those who do not believe in the hereafter
is STILL lookin' for a new roommate!
GET AT ME!
Still good to converse with.
He's pretty liberal, but that really doesn't mean a lot here.
But an intelligent man, Reasonable.
I'm 100 gullible and horrible at all things grammar related.
Hoping we can get a few people from the new to check out our event 5/1 at !
I love you too hunni!!
in at seven today !!!!
you know you're old when your kid twitters about the ridiculous things you say...
nope.
This is it to my knowledge
A!!!!!
My kids are doctorving me nuts this morning!
They just keep fighting!
Congrats to Hart Publishing!
2 of their authors were awarded the 2011 SLS Peter Birks Prize for Outstanding Legal Scholarship.
Bina this week
i wonder if their neighbor is the hover round lady?
At the same damn time!
Do not feed your cat ice cream.
No matter how much she begs just dont do it.
But I feel like I often hear it in contexts where it's something else.
LoL Show me the fabric, and ideas of what it should look like since you're the expert.
I'm looking into dance classes.
;p
I think the world wanted us to be bestfriends
over 100 cappers posting service plays to view free today and 5 cons.
in the 3 bowl games and Dal  Ov in the NFL so far with more to come
1 more week and i will be in Jacksonville, Florida
We will be open for class only on Mon and Tues this week
Start the New Year off right!
Make money and eat healthy with little effort!
suzanne.snackhealthy.com
's Exec Director Tammie Kahn introduces Houston Mayor Annise Parker
once your parents hear your bed squeak they know you're not a virgin no more
But you do now.
Hahaha.
Do explain.
RT : I have complicated feelings about panels.
Wow I'm tired.
I'm going to need a keg of Red Bull to get through this day.
you look so gorgeous Ashley!
thank you!
Everything has been processed and we encourage you to visit or talk to us  True Compliments
Tornado sirens going off...wind, rain, and wall clouds abound...fingers crossed...
Finna call HIM!!
great question.
Sucks when you grow apart little by little with someone you used to be so close to
: Some bad officiating todayactually pretty unreal how bad it is.
: I will probably see Titanic 3D at least 50 times.
At the end of Q1, all tied at 20
I forgot other people are still working...:
Celebrating our anniversary tonight.
Contemplating if I should throw on a blazer or just keep it shirt and tie...
I did babe..
Check it
Would you want to part of an experiment about fear?
Do you think you are man enough?
Dancing in the rain :
Loved the RC years.
Ran the program with class and dignity
Enjoying my day off and meeting up with Marcus Strickland later to talk bizness.
NO THIS IS PATRICK
I gotta go bbl ;
Aww they're the cutest ever!!
Every woman ever on a child they see.
DOUBLE PLAY!!!
Andy is back!!
hey Prince, follow me on instagram: arianax013
Doesn't load on my phone.
:P
loves it!
just because im freaking out on you doesnt mean youre the one im actually mad at .
you never know how strong you are, until being strong is the only choice you have.
I start a master gardener program tonight.
Four months of fertilizer, pruning, and pest control.
Oh, and growing stuff too.
fuck yeah it does :
Cinco de Mayo is the 1 day where the McDonalds manager opens the manual to see if the McRib dip needs a masculine or feminine Spanish prefix
Baseball today  tomorrow
Happy Friday which means Happy First Day of Beer Week!
BackWhenIWasAKid I use to love me some Jane Kennedy
if teams could steal first they would be able to do so against the Sox.
Awful
I'm so happy because today I found my friends  they're in my head.
Kurt Cobain
I like you.
But it's possible that you need to go for the sympathy vote.
Beg.
Christians will give.
Voting is free.
Nor is Justin Bieber a Jesus...
Only at BlogathonATX do we have Official Minions
commentator just said Badgers have been in tourney 14 straight years, 7th longest streak in college bball HISTORY
LOL...I only have 2 random tickets left, and they are not together.
Let me know if you want one or both.
and selection is not influenced?
hard for me to think about movements or trends without influence.
where can i read more?
The presence of Christ in your life can make your challenges manageable when you are depending on his strength.
100 Cardinal run has Stanford up 2614 with 12:20 to play 1st half.
UMass struggling with a boatload of turnovers and Stanford hot start
Hey!
Reefer!
How can I tweet you if you don't follow in kind?
Durp...LOL
thanks, but with Statistician/Mgr Durham moving east of Lake Michigan, we are likely to disappoint our blog follower.
: Bucs game today :
LAWREN.....WHERE ART THOU??
no doubt man, will do!
Got a win tonight against Patrick Henry of Minneapolis...79 to 71.
Go Blazers!
indeed!
And cloudformation works very well with both Chef and Puppet
Who should be held responsible for your failures?
Haha,yep.She is a cute one
Join us for one of our signature pastas, like our warm Baked or Four Cheese Ravioli for dinner.
Tomorrow begins the Spelling Bee.
My tweet about Yellow Pages struck a nerve with a few ex coworkers.
Love you guys none the less.
He blesses continuously smiles People better start being grateful for even the smallest things!
I'll tell you one thing, it's always better when we're together.
Are you going to join and I at the TXScotRiteAccessLux sponsor party tonight...hope so!
haha nothin much, ready for the weekend!
how about yourself?
Ha ha ha!
That is so funny.
Maybe you can get a doctoradlock wig and try it out first, if you're not joking.
I am so thankful that the blue jays traded Juan Rivera to the dodgers...
For those of you who ordered the conjoined shirt in grey, we apologize but it is completely sold out.
We have changed it to black instead.
Haha.
Good point.
I can't wait for the new iPhone to come out.
I'm switching to Verizon.
RT : If someone is important to you tell them, tell them now and tell them often and while you're at it, show them too.
What installer bug?
:
I dont kno if its just me but what kind of question is what is making you bored?
Fake tans aren't cute, and neither are you.
GhettoWaysToDie shooting up the people who are trying to give you cash for keys to your place when you're in foreclosure
Good luck to everyone and the start of their finals this morning
Yay!
You are so brave!
Makes me feel silly debating about bangs for ages and ages and doing.
Anyways, lemme pulse the people to see what's going on around the world.
dmp
My little brother just told me he's favorite color is pink wtf he has pick tennis racket
love you!
We're not.
Please plan accordingly.
:P
I hate when people steal large amounts from our store and it's obvious and no one does anything about.
yes that rights im a girl AND A GAMER dont hit on me silly boys!
She wants you to hold on to her no matter how much the relationship seems like its fallen apart.
good luck to you big guy.
and to the surgeon
Fightin' round the world!
follow me on twitter
Doll!
I'd love to pull some of your great looks for my shoot!
email me  !
xox
What's your schedule looking like for next week?
Would love to have you out to speak in Tempe!
KILLER BILL: The Super Vacations: Invisible Hand: Mas Y Mas in Norfolk, VA Saturday!
we plan one quarter at a time...
Too lazy to do homework...
I'll pay some one to do it for me ;D I Hate Mondays ...
How are the finest people alive doing today?
xo
theme: great school libraries are not about things but about people
plan b is my breakfast
May's here, and graduation is right around the corner!
What do you like to come in for when you're feeling especially celebratory?
Pres Obama called for extending the production tax credit for wind and other renewable energy
didn't fix it :
Back to Colorado  but via Dulles?
Ouch
Shopping for a new headshot photographer is NOT easy!
UGH!
i don't feel good :/
love can never seem to leave that store: me n my daughter shopping4 her show 2morrow.
who knew one outfit would take so long .
Tomorrow is Friday and I have a lot to get done today!
you've been having grape issues lately?
wtf?
haha.
Scal, Lucas, James are UFA.
Omer is RFA.
Korver, Watson and Brewer are nonguaranteed, meaning we have them if we want them.
the mayor thatz thang gone go
Spending time with my sweetie
you need practice!
Yup.
Figured out how to do that in QGIS.
Avery Bradley's injury is to his left shoulder and he will be reevaluated at halftime, per
After a bit of a break went back to the trainer this morning
DM We are trying to tackle autism learning and putting together an advisory list of occasional contacts.
AVG 1hr / Qtr.
???
thanks to and for putting on a great event last night  nice also seeing , and
Ok, but you have to take some of mine, lol.
Why is Hustle  Flow always on?
Pass the mic man!
Dang!
We see you!
We know you!
Geesh, let someone else talk!
I'm glad you're safe and sound.
I'm holding up amid writing madness.
glad to see the link to on you latest issue ; thank u!
me lo dices.
I need a new phone
Followers: I did not send those tweets that said someone was sayin bad things about you.
For some reason this one website did!
Thanks!
My legs are still aching from yesterday.
we practiced Hungar.
I stayed 3'5 ft from the ground the entire time.
learned a flip.
I need a car to pileout and be with because another second alone is going to kill me.
Thanks for foreman, It's a great tool.
I won't sleep tonight until you follow me!; PLEASE AUSTIN and I love your room!:
RT : Nice job NY for catching up to Iowa in the human rights department : Maybe Ohio can repeal stupid ban put in its Constitution
Life is beautiful
I can't wait for the Flyers game to start in the middle of the second period.
How's radical leftism and communism working for Europe?
Oh wait  it isn't.
It's bankrupting them.
Chancellor takes stage.
Reads letter from parents of Melissa '12 expressing love for campus and
D: I thought we didn't start till april 2nd?
oh gee that is crazy.
It's pretty chilly at night here but days are still long and warm.
So the bummer part of having gone out of town, due to work, is that I missed most of SXSW :
early day at work.
getting my coffee  taking aaron to work.
changed and edited some things.
now i have a bit more privacy :
What's the use of followers if they don't tweet to anything u say
Although work is definitely happening, this feels rather vacationlike too.
A lovely way to break composer lockdown!
Cissy Houston 'Walk on By Faith': Whitney Houston's Mother Releases Gospel Songs
Love wine?
Mondays only!
50 off any bottles of wine from our Wine List.Complement w/great food!Salute Cucina  Wine bar!
46 East Superior!
so i can add me lol and yeah you should!!
It's a rainy day, so the mall is going to be mobbed.
Come visit MacMedics for your Mac needs today instead.
We're here 91 in Millersville.
I want a huge fish tank in my future house
Auburn has the best fans in the country.
So serious.
I'm gonna need a bigger desk!
I think Doug Melvin is in on that one, too.
R.ii.P Michael Jackson !
omg such a good episode
A Very Happy New Year to Everyone.
Be blessed and prosper.
cont.
Try to get on as many teams as u can!
sdp2p cont.
Dear where are the jalapeo chips?
I've searched high and low.
I have something to do with my club but if they don't call me by 8 we out....and I need a nap
Grateful grateful grateful!!!
NumbersUSA is proAmerica and is dedicated to protecting jobs for Americans.
hahaha.
I myself would beg to differ
Me.
Too.
My sister called me and just breathed into the phone it was supposed to be a prank but i guss she forgot about caller ID
Just opened for Lunch!
Try our buffet..soups, salads, appetizers, entress and desserts huge selection for 11!!
Did you tell them about your Bueno performance?
I want Kobe to win his 6th ring..but I'm not a Laker fan anymore.
So now I'm going for either OKC or Miami.
accomplished 4 homework assignments and finished a website plus went skating.
nice day.
We can't wait to see you back on the field!
speedkills brewdat RT: I can't wait.
To play again
Watch for the great debates of 2012  Same Sex Marriage, Taxing the Wealthy, Flipflopping on Issues, Economy, and Spending Cuts
I like when I have nothing to do
Whom have I in heaven but you?
And earth has nothing I desire besides you My flesh  my heart may fail but God is the strength of my heart 
: Oh, you ball so hard?
I bet motherfuckers want to fine you.
To my new followers, welcome to the family.
And as of right now I'm following you as well
i love yall too!
Twitter is my posting board for my random rants.
never thot that b4  tomorrow will never be today no matter how many yesterdays Today would be tomorrow if today was yesterday.
perfect day for a grand opening ehh?
Can't wait...
TGIF !
Thanks, and happy birthday!
You  library card  knowledge.
Good idea RT : I suggest this election day that everyone just writes themselves in.
Wow
Oceanside, NY.
Any places in L.I.?
like seriously....now its a game again...
Charlene wouldn't even let me LOOK at the list, let alone vote.
So, I have NO IDEA.
Thanks to a special twitter follower for being my chauffeur this evening.
Plus one for bringing allergy medicine :.
awesome.
Thanks for the invite.
I always like your point of view on here.
Where do I find you
New blog post: Second BCS Bowl Bid for the Big Ten  Iowa or Penn State?
ncaa, bigten,
very nice indeed..
What building will you be in?
I work at USX  we could do a lunch with weiyner and petrina
Keynote intlib10  Think like a user
Mexican Shrimp Ceviche...for dinner on our Restaurant Week menu tonight.
It's incredible...come taste it and you'll love it!
looks good Baron.
Have a great day :
.
EvoNexus opens downtown hub for tech firms  Second incubator will house software, Internet  media companies...
I don't know but I like your professorle pic.
I don't know why I'm this exhausted :/
I'm so sorry to hear about your grandfather.
Hugs!!
Thanks for the margaritas last night and great networking.
Just heard a cover of Like My Dog on Americas Funniest Home Videos.
Good exposure!
beginning to understand how Batman feels...
been holed up in the Mancave for the past 3 days waiting for a signal from the commissioner
Thank you sir.
Elizabeth Hash
No one does it better than 3
Is a resident of a territory a US citizen?
Is a person born to these ppl in a foreign country a citizen?
nacho rolled tacos all up in this piece.
This car ride is about to get popping
Google desktop searches both my D doctorve and outlook emails too
The dare Michael doctorw is too long to fit in a tweet that also contains his name.
So, it's in the next one.
dareproject 1/25!
lol we're goin to the super bowl next year!
Omw to school SUPER late with , we some badassses lmao
Your Just a Day doctoram Away 3
Nothing that happens today can separate me from God's love and His purpose for my life.
I thought I was gonna die it hurt so bad
Congrats to you, Katy Perry!
This is a major game changer.
I got my account this morning, too!
Excited to give it a spin.
Where have you been??
Where are you?
The moment when someone you knew a long time ago starts flirting with you ..
I'm mentally preparing myself for tonight's game.
So nervous  Relax!
Relate!
Release!
Let's get it
Motivation, Parent Engagement and preparing for the turbulent job market come to mind.
What do you think, ?
thanks so much for coming to Ethan's party.
He's so happy you're here with us.
We really appreciate it.
Congrats to and the team for a successful VSFashionShow live preshow with over 300,000 tweets!
My LoG ships in two days.
Can't wait!!!
Nice RT : It's about 75 degrees outside, i think i'll stay in, bust into some Nietzsche and think about a few things
G.M.N.I.: I woke up breathing.
I'm going to bed the same way.
Life is good.
Home :: Goodnight!!
Sleep well everyone!!
3 you all!!:D
I start my day at 3:00am sadly :
the flowers were INCREDIBLE!!!!
Knocked my socks off...
Finished Season 1.
Way better than Grey's Anatomy!!
:3
Well THAT was bullshit.
SXSW is now to Austin as MardiGras is to New Oreleans!
Sitting at Misha's coffeeshop preparing to teach my secondtolast class of VT's summer session tonight in Old Town.
Miss you too!
I'll be back tomorrow :
Laundoctor Few tasks are more like the torture of Sisyphus than housework, with its endless repetition.
Simone de Beauvoir
Looking for Cash Back or Points from credit card processing.
Why not just pay less in the first place?
Then take some extra perks...
Im giving up lent.For Lent!
ur kicked out.
they left this morning...
would you mind showing Harry twitlonger?
It would mean a lot to her!
:
happy to have you following me.
Thank you:
Home in time for the 3rd period puck doctorp!
It's time for the CAPS to light the lamp!
NHL StanleyCupPlayoffs CAPS v Bruins!
Sitting here minding a munchkin and watching Rochester OD, I really have to try Esperanza Castle some time.
Duke of Serutan
I know you're pulling for the old team!
blessings to u to
No, it's the MAN version.
Check it out!
:
well,that was easy!;
Too bad Gaga and Madonna don't get along because with both of them going on tour, it would be awesome to see them cover each other's songs.
michele often comes to our show on Sunday nights.
come with him one night as our guest!
I'll always be second best among the rest /3
Unintentional need for hate and greed.
hey sweetie thanks for saying happy bday to me I wish you was at my bday party I would love for you to.
Be there
RT : Plan 2 do something super cool 4 a senior ths w/e.
Send a card, flowers , cook a meal.
If you're into penny stocks, I suggest you check out LUSI.
Big momentum coming and rumors of a big PR will take this to the top, trust me.

A cute face gotta count for something ;
Creativity is to see what everyone else has seen but to think what no one else has thought.
I so hope I passed this fuckin test...this job means everything to me...
I like that you actually read my tweets.
Makes me feel loved.
I want some ice cream...
Ur not alone during the doctoraded QLC!
Check out the 4 Gutsy girls facing their fears  blogging about their QLCs
RT: : is the move tonight..
The 330 will be in there HEAVY out twice in 1 week.
Love it!
Spellings of Mark's name from this press campaign so far: Danciger Danzigers and also Marc.
Is everyone having trouble with the discussion posts this week?!?
make it available for mobile!
I'm on the way home and want to watch :
Just realized that I enjoy watching the NHL infinitely more than the NBA
How are things going today?
ChuckNorris doesn't actually write books...the words just assemble themselves out of fear.
It hurts to sit down; good workout
Retrain Tip: All cleansing methods are not the same.
Do the research  consult a RD or seek other medical advice.
I bet I accomplish as much, if not more than u sweetie.
Plus u seem to be keeping up with every single one of my tweets.
Wiki'd Favorite uncredited role: Person Standing Next to Phone during Fight in Club.
Also notable: Rib Joint Customer.
I miss Boondocks
it's funny because no one likes him.
do you look at the tp after number 2?
i think rorsach did.
that's what inspired the ink blot test.
Double wow :
I work better with the window open!
Last night's Mad Men episode left a Joan shaped hole in my heart.
Email more information on what you need help with to lisa supermedia.com  we'll get you connected with someone who can help
would be fun to meet up and share some stories while we're there.
let me know if you get some free time
Only 11 more to 300!
RT and Follow us ..help us get one step closer to findacure!!
Support and makeachange :
Happy Mother's Day
I'm growing my hair back it's gonna be down to the middle of my back again!cant wait?
RPM restructuring: 2 cars for 2011
Are u supposed to tip the mechanic?
How much if so?
Flat rate or a percentage?
No matter how bad a day can go, everytime I listen to hair, I always feel happy.
Thank you for the awesome album.
3
how was the pita put amanda..
i love you.
and cute picture.
im going to see you at the mall tomorrow.
c:
SPSS has froze every time I recode a variable  it allows one recode  then freezes.
Reboot, recode, freeze...
again.
Er,
Well now you've hit the big time.
had my whopper, and ate it too.
BULLY, the documentary film, is playing May 11  15 at New Town Regal Theater!
Find out more info on Bully's Facebook page!
Thankful today for our partners and supporters and LEAP Academy
Thank you for sharing our content!
BYEBYE everyone 33 love you ; see you tomorrow!
Nothing will ever come between us, cause I'll be standing right next to you.3
Ignorance that does not bend to correction stops being ignorance and becomes stupidity.
What are you doing today Wisconsin?
: 168.
Before I die, I will be the maid of honor in a wedding.
Brady at one point had twice as many touchdowns as tebow had completions 63.
:O I'M SO CONFUSED
: S/O to I'll be trying to cop backstage passes to his concert one day!!!
only bc you passed me in soph English
I was nearly sent to the hospital because I could not convince the school nurse that my head had always been this shape.
best text ever.
who can we trust to evaluate the transcript
: ShitNewOrleansGirlsSay......Bitch dem doctornks got me right,right!!!!
Work work work...
Kill me
So it's that kinda party.
Heat vs Lakers today.
I feel bad for the Lakers, Lol.
Prince of the City
Thanks for getting him through.
I know for puppies' nonstop chomping, it helps to make high pitched yelps like their siblings would if being bit too hard.
I'm goin to Raleigh to shop tomorrow
Work hard to get what you like, otherwise you will be forced to like what you get Oo
And Posey's climb back to a .300 avg starts with a single up the middle.
tasteofuptown is right now!
please come and show your support
I feel like grooving
ohh go to grand caymon !my parents and i went their and fell in love and now we have a time share there:
OKC is NOT playing games about these blocks...
geez!
Compromise is the welcome mat to deception.
So be sure you know who's at the door before you answer it.
Haha the unavoidable things in life.
Glad to hear you can work through them though
Friday Humor: When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Author Unknown
only 4 hrs of sleep this weekend and its not over yethaha!
: Atlanta's BEST attorney iSalute thanks if u live in south fulton or douglass
Authorities Respond To Early Morning House Fires
we're you at the east aurora theatre tonight..
of course!!!!
I've been waiting for forever!!!, lol.
That is a big NO....I sometimes wonder if all humans have one!
Is it a Dell running Ubuntu?
Its no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties.
Ah !
iPhone y u no do what I say !!
Almost 300 Twitter followers!
If we get to 300 by the time Ep.
2 premiers on Tue.
we will be totally psyched.
Thnx to all of our followers!
Couples names are to be put in alphabetical order...
Alvin and the chipmunka.
Daveis ruffkin and the temptaions.
Boy ans girl
we keep it private...
I do still love you, you know..
Coke brought back the polar bears for THAT?!
thanks Angelina.
We will soon.
:
Thanks for the mention and the pin!
Glad we could be helpful.
Whos got plans for a pizza party this weekend?
Thanks  welcome to all our new followers....
Tell your friends to follow us  stay tuned for great things coming soon!!
excited to catch up soon!!
:
Huge downer ..
my phone case wasn't here when I got home ..!!!
:
RT 18 out if 500 good news?
getting betterfew years ago 2 maybe aging in!
lol yeah that's a real cake my nigga
: How is it spin?
wirecall wiunion tcot spin b/c compiled by loony DWD under wait, huh?
Walker appointee Newson?
Wow!
One of the most amazing shows we have played.
Thank you so much to all of you who came to support us!
We'll see you soon!
Nba league pass is free til the 8th.
I'm on 1
Ha I'm about to vox someone...
I still never used it
You've never tried it before?
Yeah it is sweet, I'd give it a try if I were you!
Really don't feel like going out tonight
ah yes, forgot about the sex change procedure!!
Still need me to pick you up??
yeah: me too
u have to follow me again it wont let me inbox
Teamwork, Delegation, and Efficiency, the smart way to tackle problems!
Thanks for the retweets!
Happy Friday!
Sure, fire away I do custom work just depends on quantity, etc.
If I was a faster painter I could do more: what do u want to do?
Chicka Yeah!
We've got some entries for our KeyToBlackKeys ticket giveaway going on NOW through Monday Check the  for details!
Headed east?
Follow or
Giff's Liquors.
Brilliant.
Positive emotion and creativity are connected.
They need each other.
Creativity also needs movement and time.
Missing my small group kids tonight!
I feel special!
c'':
askObama Ans 5.
Wants talented people to come and start biz here.
Another confirmed judge at me: I am shaping up to have QUITE the panel of mentors and judges.
You as well!
Hey it's Pearl on Twitter
aha, art isn't your strong point eh?
are you?
Hey Todd!
I teach HS and want to show my students the Dateline episode on racial bullying.
Where can I find the whole video?
Because Newt goes for connecting everything, that makes him cooler?
Or just unable to distinguish between objects, like an infant?
Mane it's freezing in here..
I am dying over photo of you and your muse she is amazing and you my friend are a master at pushing the envelope!
oh my goodness giovana
Life is a big canvas, throw all the paint on it you can.
Danny Kaye
My daughter is gonna be on the Grammy stage in 10 years.
Put a stamp on it.
omg!
Tell him to follow me!!
Lol;
Best part of owning a Kindle: free classics.
Worst part: when it's destroyed by a good slam to the kitchen floor by the 2 year old.
Tears.
young money thanks for follow
Any Hints?
me to ...
We're by the airport .
amber
I'll wager one Levainbakery choc chip cookie that the Patriots win today.
RT : i love super bowl sunday!
awesome, probably be down today for it and see what else catches my fancy
I love me some good barbecue!
saw ya reunion ,, u look great !!
Stuller: Buffy is an example of the female hero's communal journey: she elevates her friends to chosen family and empowers them.
Agree that EVERY DAY should be Earth Day  in terms of nontoxic and chemical free, around childoctorn and all!
Haha.
Not your fault!
After the fourth call, which was about parking I had to do something!
I had no clue who to direct them to!
I see a lot of people today complaining about the bailouts but no other solutions offered.
I just came by to say hi, and that I'm back, and I've missed my food companion.
Save the Date for our Charity Happy Hour on September 22!
More details coming soon!
Red eye correction makes people look like they have no soul
336: I'm thankful for the smell of roses!
Obama Faces Questions on Federal Fight for Same Sex Marriage: But last week, in an interview with Good Morning America's Robin Robe...
Telling me NOT to do something is like saying Stephanie,Do this
folks u kno we ain't playing w/ these soft ass Milwaukee niggas...
no rain
Stupidity is contageous.
Stay away from it.
JUST MUZZLE MY HEARTS OPEN DNT MEAN IMA LET U N
doctorke lyrics damn irish
Dodgers beating StL 110 going into the 9th.
Why hello 10 game lead.
Nice to meet you.
..I went in just to train w/the previous operations mngr.
She was SO much better than the evil girl who tried to sabatoge me.
haha actually you'd probably do this in soccer !
jealous of the cool hair?
lol
Has any player in the history of baseball hit 4 HRs in one game without PULLING one for a HR ?
that's a classic.
not off the top of my head will look into it.
I don't even remember :p it was either Matt or Liam.
or both.
haha
Tomlinson is currently a free agent, so not on a roster.
If he was he would have the lead.
omNOMONOKMN I just ate all of your candy.
And that's okay, I guess :''''
I love fresh new socks!!
Redemption flows through repentance!
Picturing His redemption means you look from a heart of your repentance.
Looking forward to our first summit in sunny Boca Raton, FL October 2124, 2012.
Application for interested men will be available soon!
Hold on to your pants, just upgraded to an iPhone 4!
Look out social media outlets I'm going mobile!
RT : You can't doctorve a parked car.
Sometimes we need to get our lives out of park.
no but i'm actually so nervous...
whoever those other 2 are for, I will knife fight them for your entertainment
where did you find such treasure??
I haven't found DD coffee since I moved out here
I going to sleep :
Can't believe Salty's problem used to be throwing it short.
Now he's just throwing it past the base.
I understand my Spanish grade is killin me to!
Playing games on a ipod totally kills the battery .
damn auto correct  high school girls
I will have to learn that a friend made for social networks always distrusted off you :/
Caught part of the set!
great to see music in there!!
To all the USF students who are heading up to Tallahassee today...go kick some ass!!!
FF Thanks to for spreading the word about
Yep, it's part of the experiment too.
Harsh when I'm in the midst of it, but at times can look more impersonally as data.
sad that it's funny and sad that it's true!
Awesome; thanks for the feedback!
bitches just don't know how gorg Niall is in my 
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the CAFM Holiday Party!
Lot's of fun...too much doctornking and many prizes!
look at me now
Hi.
I'd like to send you a story about an event we're doing next wk w/ a La Mesa school.
Is there an email I should use?
Tx.
Welcome Lomax Middle School teacher to twitter!
Zumba then off to the park with baby bug 
two minutes to go, Japan on the attack
Is plain text saying closed, a better solution than removing a pin?
I dont think so.
LMAO!
Bahrainis probably share property with that airport xD
Come on Kyle Chandler!
Win it!
i want 100 followers cry :
Welch's fruit gummi snacksthey taste good and aren't too high in calories.
How about you?
S/O for the follow.
Holly totally digs me
Not sure what I have planned today but I'm gonna make the best of it.
positivity :
I don't want this.
I want you.
My mom is my hero and my super hero.
I love you so much!
You bring me happiness.
I love you mommy
There is absolutely nothing at all wrong with being a slut.
PREACH IT!
I've been waiting for somebody to agree with me on this!
RT : at LiNC  community is no longer a silo.
Plays a key role in social across multiple LOBs
Just got the newamerica.
EP and you should def give it a download.
Check it out  newamerica.bandcamp.com
YouKnowYourHigh when you start crying on the ferris wheel cause its going too fast.
2012 fair ftw..
We're excited to have 100 followers!
Like what we do?
Recommend us to your followers!
S/O to Stop reading this tweet and follow her dammit!
xxnx!
I've tried porn hub before...
Not the greatest!
thanks for the awesome season!!!!
I love how you love Austin to:
Actors on LA casting  they're still looking for a body double for the Elizabeth Taylor role.
Wats up wit all diz country shit, All diz shit is true country especially his old werid deep ass
: I hate jose quervo.
well that answers our question.
Jose it is.
Couldn't ask for anything more in life right now.
So happy with the great friends and girl that I got and most important great family
Goodmorning!
thankyou Video up today!
You guys are awesome.
Shout out to the best Publicist in the world
Wish I had suggested it to you sooner.
:P
Follow me please!!
I love you!!
Love it...
the video
First act Wow!
Powerful.
Who wants to make a difference?
Join a committee like Community Service, University Teaching, or Presidents Lecture committee.
Ask us how
Good morning!
Dont turn out the lights now lights now lights now...Finish the lyrics
I just killed some chicken nuggets
MyFavoriteText good morning
Some things were never meant to be.
Aw you're the best!
Hell yes!!!
I hope I can make it down to Texas..
You're going to have an amazing time, and I hope we're there with you.
3 bri
my friends are just like that.
I'll text them but after like 5 text they don't answer back.
It pissed me off.
...I will not in any way fail you nor give you up nor leave you...
I will not, I will not, I will not ...forsake you!
heb 13:5
I hate when people forget to text me back you that lazy c'mon yo
now I need a big house with a barn to buy me a Linotype
Walk out each day.
And say thank you for acts of kindness.
Without today, tomorrow will not be.
RT : NEW THURSDAY NIGHT EXIT 21 at BE THERE!!!
I haven't been out of the states in a while.
I'm in Martha's Vineyard right now.
girl, perfick timing.
i just wrote you a manifesto last nite on facebook.
check that shit!!!!
Q4ext: yes!
We have website for all advisors on campus which lists key dates, contacts, sample apt scripts, orientation schedules
is cool shit
Watching Raw, reading Twilight, and eating Doritos...
I'm multitasking :D
Is that Cooper Manning on the tightrope?
On my to 350 highway Walmart :
: Like the opening scene in a porn.
Did someone order a pizza with extra sausage?!
Dear , please cancel the George  doctorw Show and air the Rockies instead.
Signed, All Colorado Rockies Fans.
What do you think happened to Maryellyn Moffit?
Love your work, especially civic dedication.
noo you use to blow up twitter with tanning stuff haha
It is doctorFT DAY!
WNBA doctorft is upon us people.
Solid 1 Pick  Nneka Ogwumike to the LA Spark.
It's officially my birthday week!!
wigan conspiracy wow
gonna get offline so i can keep reading, goodnight guys!!
Photo Tip of the Day: If you only have one source of lighting and are out doors, try a reflector!
The sun  gold reflector  Bronzy tones :
Dear girl in the library thats fucking pumped that she has axe at home.
Shut the fuck up.
I'm from the gutter man I'm use to not having a lot
Everybody follow my main homie he just got a twitter and his tweets are so funny teamfollowback CG!
Help a brotha out
IntegratedVisual Science Informatics  final talk Patient Oriented Visualization Methodology mobihealth Techniques to improve care
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
Justin Bieber is so cute!!!!
Good idea!
Sadly, some of my colleagues ignore the must read posts in one group.
It's not often that PR and pro sports collide  thanks for the RT!
Thanks!
: Checked out your Jordan pix, looks like you had a pretty awesome time yourself!
Woa I like it like that.
She working that back idk how to act.
Slow motion for me.
Slow motion for me.
with TSC hell yea, but luckily i'm planning to bring a new addiction to the world 
You know what also sounds good right now, a smoothie3 preferably strawberry and banana :
Thanks!
Are you coming tonight?
I agree.
I can't believe there aren't more members of the support groups that do exist.
Can't wait to hear how yours goes.
Follow me Please .
It would be a doctoram come true.
Love you!
Have a great Easter.
The brain is always more legit though.
Get yo paper playas.
Duritz is the best since Morrison and Dylan.
Friendship often ends in love but love in friendshipnever.
Don't know where my baby cakes is at :
It's 2 Labatt Blue Tall Boy Day!
Perfect for all of you coming in to watch hockey tonight!
Make that five people piled out.
Good to see some of the Habitat family  Community Plunge.
Now let the countdown to the 1st Build Day begin.
NickCarr talking about how social networking platforms used in a very tailored way has changed the way we do business.
I have to check my dates...
That awkward moment when there's a group of people crowded together and your just on the side by yourself xD
Thank you, Mike!
im there
I am at the job unfortunately
The Mass Lottery: Supporting our 351 cities  towns since 1971!
also supporting the gubernatorial aspirations of a few State Treasurers.
yea...
once i move, nothing will be da same...
o crap, ima start crying....
Join us for lunchtime yoga today.
45 minute class.
New clients: 1 week free unlimted group class  1 free private pilates reformer class.
Happy Holidays to all our friends!
i maybe in the shower.
If so.
Ill just send you filthy tweets today.
Harry potters wand style.
If twitter had a 'like' button I would push it!
The captainin and I are best friends :
I Mac like Goldie
Not sure it can be done.
The library in that pic is using an open source ILS they can customize.
I would find that very annoying
No love from either side of the field !
I have a Jason McCann love story 3
Tweeting from my new iphone, yet I'm still not hip, cool or whatever the kids say these days.
Thank you: It was really bothering me, so I needed to vent:
yippee!
new episode of
hehehe I guess he does.
: Kayla
had an amazing day pushing carts
and there goes Nick Perry
2nd Annual foodie  wine fest: gonna be fab!
rocks!
lol funny man
Cory, I said NEVER and I meant NEVER!
Love how people on cheaters say  it's not what you guys think just a big misunderstanding 
really?
First hearing boa helped w anything
shite.
I may or may not have forgotten about today.
I have an appt after work.
Tomorrow?
RT Never leave home without your internal compass.
Who's stoked for Christmas?
Maybe on Christmas day we'll lower the price of our merch a little :
HPTweet2WIN It would be good to copy apps on Mac to this one?
I miss you too!
Amen, haha.
No sir, I have it on Thursday.
Not looking forward to it!
Soo, I went to my job interview...
I got the job!!:
its the down and out slider that gets your swooping swing EVERY time
I'm pretty sure people still don't know how to pronounce my name.
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.
Napoleon Hill
Will join us for our fall launch?
Well, one, I'm blind as a bat, two, I zone out a lot, and three you're lying because I'm not that blind!
:3
But at least Lebron aint fuckin up this game.
It D Wade.
you rock kelly kelly your my favorite diva
The Pepsi center is getting ready to explode again
: I don't even care about having a boyfriend at the moment.
I just wanna fuck bitches get money and get doctornk.
nice!!!!
Florida on Tuesday   back to New York June 1st to visit some stud  lots  lots to look forward to.
guy out there with a vuvuzela sounds like hamsandwich.wmv
I miss you!
Please all our followers go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and take part in making a great forum and a great hockey place thanks enjoy
Tut Tut Holly.
That's just too easy.
It's mister Tuttle
Always good to hear with the O's, Strohs and Natty Bohs call.
Hope for many more in the coming months!
its a variety, obv it needs some to climb onto, you have to train it at first
Now it's Rattie with a power play goal.
What a one two punch.
Any CURRENT sex workers/students in LA willing to talk about their experiences on the radio?
Email: Please RT
: Be careful not to be so focused on someone else's life that you miss out on the blessings that God has for you.
thx bro.
Have a great weekend.
Preseason baseball tomorrow.
Lovin it.
First day if school today!
So fun!
Who else started today?
Season finale of Gossip Girl!
Go go go!
Thanks!!!
Team effort all the way around!!
RT : Congrats on the record!
I have a feeling Vince Wilfork will be Manning the Giants backfield tomorrow!
I am poop GOD WHY does that exist pls
Felix is gonna make me eat that tweet.
Thanks for including me in your top stories today.
are you still looking for bday party space?
the bldg our print studio is in has an event space that might work.
still pretty raw.
I love me some you've had to deal with a lot of shit lately and just wanted to know I love you :
10FacebookTips Don't put your personal love problems on it , know that once you put that the whole world knows .
I know I should be prepping for my audition but I had to open the burner bins for Lucidity and now I can't stop dancing...
I SMELL PLAYA!!
At least xavier doesnt hate me
did you get a refund?
Mornings off are lethal for afternoon productivity!
Note to selftake the WHOLE day off next time!!
Congrats on 3 Yrs ...
Best Discount Baby Carrier Best Cheapest: Babybjrn Miracle Baby ...
We're recruiting law students to live tweet from our Spring Meeting in Las Vegas, 3/223/24.
Contact
Very bummed by the move to teaser RSS.
I get it, but now your posts are just noise in my feed reader, instead of, you know, news.
Oxy Microsoft: Click Start to shut down
I lost my wallet and I got punched in the eye.
FUCK YOU WORLD.
Niall once argued with the security for 30 minutes at the airport, because they told him he couldnt bring food on the plane.
that's my boy
I feel like I'm living in the golden age of the comic book geek these days, lots of movies I never thought I'd ever see.
that Wilford Brimley took one look at him and instantly started pronouncing diabetes correctly.
Who's tuned into WHAM 1180 for the Jim Salmon Show??
My deepest condolences go out to you, for tomorrow I shall not give a single Fuck :
Abusing Someones Trust Is Like Telling A Huge Secret To People You Barely Know.
Gain the trust and be responsible for your actions.
Can animals commit suicide?
Crushed Olympic snatch workout, did a set of bench presses  ring pull ups, hit a 1:00/0:15 x 5 round kettlebell  row workout, ran 2 miles
I think I'll be in school tomorrow!
I hope!
And when it pic says Delena is it referring to vampire diaries or Demi and Selly?
Yonas and Jake Miller are pretty good...
But they aint got shit on Childish
Come on.
The Cubs still have a chance.
Ah, you're right.
All you have left are the Bears :
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me?
or is it always gonna be a doctoram.
follow me3 1
idk man maybe tomorrow...that coo?
Ah, good point.
Though at least the lack of punctuation spacing is more formally correct.
Not even worth the spacer gif.
Very handsome, you mean???
Yes, I agree!
LOL!
It's one of those things people are becoming more aware of even if it doesn't directly affect them.
It's suprisingly common
Date night with 3
If corps.
are people enough to be protected by 1st amendment then why are they not taxed as an individual?
I just walked back from the gym.
Man oh man is it nice outside.
I love it!!!
You are the light of the world.
A city on a hill cannot be hidden.
Matthew 5:14
if the situation is not changed, I will be a physical and psychological wreck.
I have to reorganize my personality and reorient my life..
Jennifer just clicked on me, will I walk with her to school tomorrow?
Hm...
Making a difference means looking inside ourselves and finding our greatness and sharing with others so try can be great too
awesome!
Have always wanted to go LA.
Like the demo...eye think everything looks good up untill the end.
Not satisfied with how big the eye am ready took up the whole screen
OMG he might be punning
see you in dallas...when the packers are in SB XLV!
A very percussive touch even on the quieter stuff
Yeah I looked at the site.
I dunno if its a traditional openbeta or what exactly..but hey.
:P
Hi, cute leprechaun!
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
: xoxo Love you!
Follow me and my squad We Follow Back!
SATURDAY 10/30: Taboo's Dead Sexy Halloween Party  Fashion Show w/ Microjoy, Four 50 Four, Pedals on our Pirate Ships!
DOORS  8pm!
Can our teams BOTH start with a shutout????

Read Tip 1/7  Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 1: Hint at its importance.
Todays gone dead fast
Brilliant ball by Fabregas.
Delighted to see divey cheater Messi miss.
The best of rooting for Cesc yet hoping Milan advance.
Getting ready today for another theatre wedding at the beautiful, historic Paramount Theatre!
I hear ya brother!
I hate that sht too.
mister President, stop talking so much and get back to work.
Congratulations on your Tour.
Do you have your single on YouTube by any chance?
RT Why does your words speak louder than your actions?
Explain that ..
you can nowadays
lol quick put down, thank you sir
William is being a jealous bitch right now .
and we are juss friends hahaha
And I'm rapping in the beats they were supposed to buy, I guess I'm gettin high off my own supply
Yooooo July 9 report date ft bucanon Puerto Rico fo three years lets get it!!!
hoping that Japan gets some relief from its weather issues.
Also, the food atlas shows a correlation between soda consumption and adult onset diabetes.
well, that didn't last long.
Haha
RT : fucking LOVE Katy Perry's new song!!!!
PartOfMe anyone else??
Bitch I'm obssesed
my dad is yelling in my ear about football.
yelling is not gonna do anything.
besides kill my eardoctorms.
shhhh.
Ant looked like scoring at all but starting to get it together.
2 in 20 mins
Words can't even describe my love for Kyle Wiltjer!
Hahaha
people learn little from success but much from failure :
One of the top ten holidays of the year.
's birthday.
Thank you!!
Stay cool!
I think with the cameras being in they face so often they act a certain way for attention andon't want to look scary
Awesome.
Can't wait!
Sad Panda  havent swung by yet
no pink is better!
Your doing something right when your getting free dinner and doctornks!
Worried bout my momma over there in London...
make it home safe
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!20
He only doctornks wines from the 60's......1860's
Those nights you just keep tossing and turning in bed 
Stros game tomorrow with the fam!
i always found that emma girl the most annoying whhoops and sara hah
Dutchy!!!!
Way to go avs!!
it makes me happy when you're wrong
Wendy's new Mac  cheese is good!
You should try it :
Good stuff!
RT : Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day.
Teach a man about , he'll eat for a lifetime.
I met a girl from Dallas and told her my boss was heading to an art museum there.
She asked if it was the cowgirl one.
Companies, please stop instructing your employees to bug me about taking your survey.
It's a huge turnoff.
See what I mean, Hulky?
we should really start worrying: newt gingrich is back on display!
Bring Jesse back.
AMAZING job on the editing, writing, cameos and song!
Such a good movie!
I like the way you think.
RT You would likely need one of each for a proper comparison.
were did you find the stuff on amazon?
:
WhenIWas13 Alot of girls were teaching me how to love then i got so full of myself i developed an alter ego
Id give everything to be your anything 3
RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
How are you??
You're so very welcome.
Have a great one!
RT : cwcon a big congrats to on receiving the Hugh Burns dissertation award!
Yes, congrats!
Well deserved!
it is about time that Sustainable Group's CMO gets them the press they so richly deserve.
:
thanks for the article link :
I just like that its a second example of Tony's attention to detail.
Happy Hour at the Crimson Canary from 36pm!
141 S.
Broadway!
where are you?
Fuck a shot pour me a cup
Headed 2 Walmart then the beach wit my babies b4 the weather changes
nice chicken pattie stupid
Cool!
Thanks :
you lose.
Half of y'all showed up.
FINALLY FUCKING LICENSED.
HELL YEAH BITCHES.
3
I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit.
and just down the street  going to pivotaiga today/saturday to see design attack PHX
Kristen Stewart: 5 movies 1 facial expression.
Johnny Depp is the best in the league
Call Me Your Highness.
I'm Practicing To Be A King.
Thanks are gaining momentum for tonight!
The chicken liver mousse and lamb were AWESOME last night!
past 2am really whose to say
RCJH!
What a great day!
awh!
that's so awesome :
Links to sign up for both events: www.uconnalumni.com/Boston.
Questions?
Tweet Harpoon Event to be catered by Stone Hearth Pizza
some stuff broke lol  something got recalled on my breaks so I had to take it to the actual Nissan place instead of just a shop
President Obama Genius
ah, just saw yer tweet.
You shoulda gone in.
:
The bass, is done.
: 2 full days left.
I got thissa
I saw this video yesterday, Congrats btw!
You are a lucky girl that most defiantly deserved it!
I'll try my best :
oh yea!
In your case it's dangerous
Today 10,000 guaranteed Quantum Reload NLHE buy in 4065 COME ON IN!
Eberwhite Blvd.
A poststorm jogger just cruised by with a smile as it started to pour rain again.
is Jeremy working?
If not, tell him to bring his big head self out!
LOL
Happiness is discovering that there's still a cup of coffee left in my Thermos and that it's still hot.
Soon, it will be in my body.
There are far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
I concur, which is why I powered up at lunch.
OutletJunkies RT : Not enough outlets in convenient locations at
haha!!
Well, at least I knew you when....
Jst over 100 cappers up so far with FB plays and the bowl game consensus is on the total ov but even on the side..back with nfl
Getting ready to resume production of artwork.
Too many derailments by life events, Black Friday looms like a promise  a threat.
Get busy!
It's so annoying when all some people do is promote.
.
The design was to make all links from object pages follow links.
Thanks for pointing it out  it's a recent bug.
Must be.
But in the tub is better than on the wall NEXT to the toilet like yesterday...
RT : Reading Biden's comments  he didn't come out for gay marriage.
He's taking the 'civil union' position.
Parsing, parsing
in his room smelling like dog crap y
where the official studio's  in columbus, OH?
I need to get in a booth A.S.A.P.
Dope Musik
will do :
: Looking for a volunteer photographer for Easter services  reply if you've got skills
we would be screwed!
Who's with us this morning?
Happy Tuesday!
If u see Doc again please say Hi 4 me  throw him a link to one of my videos so he knows why I'm not around anymore.
I miss Doc.
Thanks for educating us on Solar Power!!!
sure !
And why ?
unless you bother to do your homework by reading the Constitution and other verifiable info, you are the one who needs help
will you ever tweet me???
Thank God its saturday!
; it's like me  10 other people laugh..
you better quit laughin!
lmao...
They are.who we thought they were!
Real life is for March
RT : Always be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Plato
it's cool
Congrats!
Looking forward to seeing what you concoct over at
NYR 2011.
Expand our partnerships to include over 10,000 auto glass shops, and to book appointments in lightning speed!!
www.teleglass.com
XMen First Class...go see it, for real!
I think should make his entrance music be ride the lightning
Forgot: I love biking home to the Mills at night.
The cool air on my wrists!
The darker and quieter it gets as I get closer to the river!
I like milk.
no you not!
If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
John D.
Rockefeller
I wish me and my girls could go on a road trip.
Thanks for mentioning me, Lita!
: Have a great weekend!
Totally.
Obama is still progress.
RT : Anne Kornblut of the Washington Post has it right: This was an expansive speech.
even though you're mad at me I still love you :p 3
he got lucky getting back to first once he should have know that his luck streak sucks!!!
Excited for the this weekend!?
Where will you be watching the greatest 2 minutes in sports  doctornking a Mint Julep?
hahahaha!
The fahmilicious face; so you get it now...?
yes I am that girl :
Second that emotion.
RT : Dear Why don't you come to Chicago on your tour?!
We're desperate for you!
Love, Chicago
why the fuck is my twitter pink and default micheal jackson?
: do you think your cool or something just because you beat me?
Haha yes, yes I do.
;
Happy Birthday America!
From all of your Real Americans
I can't wait to partayyyyyyyy!!!
good!, I got scared for a second lol3 you:
follow me back pleasse !
Working with my 8 yr old on her dinorama.
She's writing her report on the ankylosaurus while I'm wrapping the shoe box.
RT : Hey you lucky Moms near Austin  check out for social, fitness and educational events!
DON39;T reply instantly with Fashion Shoes!
Fashion Shoes
It's a beautiful day in our neighborhood...stop by and say hello!
RT Forreal tho, I miss you So so much.
Happy Tuesday ;
If mark die omgosh
Shit goes down at the greyhound
i want to see your hair fagget
When you are debating about eating something because you think you might gain weight.
Think of Niall.
Cute, funny reflection on human behavior RT My son  daughter fight like cats  dogs all day, but at night want to share a bed.
Enjoying my sunday.
Honestly I never heard of her before and her MySpace player seems to b disabled u have a link to any audio?
Good practice to label cables at both ends.
I use electric tape: White:Video, Red:Lighting, and Blue:Audio.
When i dont tweet for a while and i get on here i feel like i overtweet to make up for not tweeting 
Chachi!: I love you so much!
Hugs  kisses from Sweden!
:3
what happened to Berbatov?
awesome!
also, we need to talk.
U bet on the freakin unions!
Just realized I'm wearing a very similar look to Monday.
Black doctorss, green scarf.
I knew I should have grabbed a different scarf.
Come to today.
are raffling 14 tickets to Thursdays Chicago Blackhawks vs.
St.
Louis Blues game
Very happy about Midnight in Paris winning Best Original Screenplay!
Looking for models to do photo shoot in Dallas Texas up and cming only email
I'm mourning both Donna Summer and today.
ASU scores another on a bases loaded walk.
lead 72 after 6.
great game tonight.
Brought back memories of dukedays.
Big fan, good luck in playoffs!
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power.
Alvin Toffler
that's the best one!!!
Dude and can we say hottie??
Hahaha
thanks for tonight
LOL Oh damn!
some friend :
please take the time to actually watch that video.
Omg.
Keep them squares up out your circle.
Bynum sounded well in that interview
As a means to success, determination has this advantage over talent  that it does not have to be recognized by others.
GAB staff: wrong ballots improperly gave votes to some candidates, but not enough tothe change races' outcomes.
Bball Wives movie!
Bob Johnson is single handedly trying to destroy the Black community.
Im not pretending to be anybody else.
You want a girl who can cook  I want a boy who can treat me right.
ur mom bitch
ive been on since friday
casting speaking roles  extras for directed by Submit headshot and acting reel link to
Happy birthday Dad 3
I see y tho,,twitter is boring af.
I want ppl to realize that is ok to fall down.
GET UP look sickening and make them eat it.
Vibing to bow wow first album, he will always be the one of best in my book.
Kindergarten registration my baby growing up!
is on a hairflip rage right now!
No no no.
When you come, look at Monet.
RT : Welcome home DC boy..shout to splurge gang we holdin it down for chobee..
Not even in phx yet and i10 is already pissing me off
Come see vocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie today at the Tribeca Film Festival.
5:30PM screening.
AMC Loews.
What a week!
So glad it's the weekend.
Even though I won't be able to relax, at least I'll be able to get somethings done that I wanna do.
Hope everyone is having fun at MLA12 in Seattle!
Don't forget to stop by the Cengage booth!
FF For Tsunami reports
Going to the Lake tomorrow.
: Scared about going tubing though.
Yikes!
:/
lmao thanks!
Haha it would be so cool to meet!!
...like in person O.O
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Crofoot.
Special thanks to for being awesome.
Excited to dive into another place and time
Steve Jones gets a nice pregame tribute at the Rose Garden.
We'll have much more with Snapper tonight on Sports Sunday.
The fans at the SantosTigres Mexican soccer match just did the tomahawk chop
Hey Chrissy....I will take a cake w/ buttercream icing.
Actually I want a body covered in buttercream!
lol
Bible Crash Course book will help all members have confidence that the Bible teaches what we know to be true.
facebook.com/LDSCrashCourse
Who trying to come work out with me tomorrow night??
Heal and Protect our Japan and all who dwell there in, Thank you My Beautiful world for for all you give.
Please Oh Universe Thank you.
Transformers cartoon from 1984 is now streaming on introducing my daughter to the real deal
The change in a person can either be good or bad.
I must admit, I'm glad the Bills won't be facing Matt Light twice a year anymore.
Surprise sweets from La Reve discovered in the fridge:
Road Map for Success, hosted by Goldman Sachs 10KSB going on NOW!
Come to The IP...you don't want to miss it!
Ribeyes, twice bakes, sweet corn and a really bad merlot in a really good glass
I'm not saying I'm perfect, In fact I know I'm far from it, I'm just saying I'm worth it.
If Yu Dnt Know How To Cook, Yu Not Even Allowed To Walk In My Kitchen ...
That's Just Me
Thanks sis.
It's this stupid smart phone.
YouNeedANewBoyfriend see he'll hook you up.
I missed it
haha no you don't.
They suck so bad/:
It would be amazing if followed me back...you're amazing and beyond gorgeous!!
:
Our Love For BTR Is Endless.
c;
OH:  i need a shot of tequila, a lime, and line of salt...and a virgin
We are the gods or group apparel.
Singles just aren't for us.
Search for a printer that does directtogarment in your area.
thank you for the ff.
Hope you had an amazing time in Greece.
Finally a new good wife!
Are you gonna be here for RollerJam!?: please answer.
I need to check that stuff out
Liam just asked if you give good blowjobs.
And you're the awkward one.
Picked up some coffee beans last night called, LoveBuzz.
This brew is just as good as the feelings/words that make up its name.
so since its MaraMonday and i stated my most inspirational moment..
does that mean you'll follow me?
:
Thats so true!
that's prob the best advice ive heard in a while
SAME....I'm so over doing it too.
tip of the day.
Bill promptly  get paid promptly.
The longer it takes for you to invoice, the less fresh your work will seem.
Don't dally.
What would I do without ?
:
What does that even mean
doctorpped a mirror in the bathroom and it shattered EVERYWHERE.
Just stepped on a piece.
Bloodglass
Me too : Our crazy conversations !
Diving Dave is NAUGHTY.
I'm also glad to see that my 'friends' are happy to see my fucking depressed and ready to fucking kill myself.
Thanks you're all too kind.
hm..I think they do.
They just won't cop to it though :
i was like i shoulda took an advil and u were like here take a pill lmao and i was like alright and u were makin noises
let's do it.
so proud of you.
FIRST CONCERT.
AHH.
I keep reading the word gangsas and in my head hearing gangstas.
I imagine those musicians are pretty gansta though.
Looking to switch, how do your rates compare to WE Energies?
Happy Friday!
That sounds amazing...
That is awesome!
Thanks for sharing!
sucks cause I live right down the road from there but can't go :
I don't facetime because when someone answers they're just like what do you want!
Washington Redskins 16 Dallas Cowboys 12 End Of 3rd redskins cowboys nfl
So i guess its time to get this cover done for the mixtape Promo coming soon...
thanks babe 
We're here for you.
;
I'm hungry
wait till oct to sell
So excited for the April Truth or Dare with Pepe show at 10:30 tomorrow night.
I'll be debuting Pepe's new look.
Second day on set of Vampire Diaries.
Doing the 20s swing dance
Who's at AllStar weekend?
Working on our Youtube channel!
Will be going live soon with music and videos from the band!
What a nice time ending my day watching A Walk to Remember after a horrible day at school!
:
In order to be beautiful ; you have to have a beautiful heart.3
Those alone wont do it.
its up to you and whats inside you...
Thanks for the shoutout!
Happy FriDDay!
ihavenopatience when it comes to painting my own nails....
i screw up every time...
I Been Gone For A Min.
But Defenitely Not Forgetten
Yeah, I won't make it past to halftime  assuming UK will stomp KU : hoping for the best though!
Pretty damn exhausted
hi niall please follow
that post it is hanging on my wall, right next to my bed ;
Don't like the Lakers, never have lol.
I'm a Suns fan, that should explain it all haha.
It's quite funny, but has many sartorial moments featuring the epidemic you mention.
We hope you all had an excellent weekend!
Get 2 free tans/upgrades with the purchase of any bottle!!
Being fed chopsticks and hookah
I'm hurting and you don't even care, /3
There might be cases when a company might decide that your speeding ticket insurance coverage is much too high
Totally AGREE!!
RT : FF to my solesisters from that make my 95 so much fun
He is Risen!
Do it my man!
Royalty Music Entertainment/ Island Def Jam Digital, Mile High Prodigy Promo, Mile High Royalty Recording, M.H.R.
Radio, Gutta Gods, MHC!
obama2012 has a billion dollars, you have your share.
Come on you can tell me ,
You know when you eat somewhere so much the family that owns the business knows you by name
Coop's is closed on Monday, but to make it up to you we have Rip Tip Tuesday!!!
Hope to see you here!
Its almost halloween  gotta dig up my WIGS!
Yeah' Tear Tear
On my way to Athens, oh for a stopover gig tonight at restaurant Salaam with
I just love you!
Thank you!
It's not the first time he's done that.
I just want to be best friends with ok
I'll be sure to pass the idea along.
RT : Schizophrenia doctorg Trial To Start In India: Schizophrenia patients in India will soon see a new antipsychotic d...
htt
Wow, that was the 1st time I've live tweeted an entire RAW in a long time.
Felt good.
I will definitely be on next week  then some.
Yeah, I thought she'd be final two for sure.
But she was too emotional.
It's like saying she was too much of a woman.
I have a sixth sense for this shit.
To spend all night studying for finals or go to a party....
Hm
Pops is grill lets c wats gud
also, because we can now mine the gothic short stories, the final chp is crap.
needs revision w/these new results
in the keek!
oh awesome!:
Do yaw remember when everybody was in doctorll team when they were younger lol
Tough season  and year  for
well I can't teach u it either, I have enough to only deal with and that's not a lot lol!!!.........love u
I revise my previous statements.
Podcasts should be 1520 min max, and on a single topic.
Seeing The Descendants tonight and I used Poynt to find the theater  show times.
Thanks!
RT : Anyone going to a movie tonight?
moments of peak performance
verdict Verdict In!
Announced at 2:15P
oh wow.
If you put lol or something maybe i would of got it.
The 2011 graduation rates are lower because of a new federal formula, removing extra time for pregnancy, spec needs.
Woo hoo!
Dagoberto Gilb, Lalo Alcaraz  Sandoctor Cisneros among the luminaries said to attend librotraficantes press conference in Tucson.
NOW you can view our CDBABY store right from our Facebook page!
Lots of music available for preview, stream and purchase!
Like us on FB!
Wonderful!
I just followed you.
Look forward to reading more of your tweets!
following me would be the best Christmas gift ever :3 I love you :
Hello Twitterverse and MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Star Wars Episode 1  The Phantom Menace on Spike TV.
kickassfiction  galactic style
We appreciate you coming by.
Thanks for all your thoughts.
u never said or sent me contract back..what's up with that?!
Ahh shit!
All out of sweet tea!
Guess I'm brewin me some tomorrow morning.
RT : CHIMPMUNK GANG WHAT'S POPPING!!!
thanks!
Let us know if you need any help along the way.
Well the band was great...
OMG.
This is Peyton's month!
SO EXCITED to hear all his new music.21
I'm excited to see , looks like an awesome film.
Come back here for a reunion!
then come over Lol :P
I'm gonna give her a chance that's all I needed to hear..
I love you..
so much...
When the things I hear from an eyecare staff, don't match up with things I observe.
I focus my effort on asking better questions.
My bestie rap goes hard.
Obama says won't back down from protecting kids from mercury pollution and unsafe food, water
Just saw Machete.
Definitely not the grindhouse experience I was hoping for...
SPCA K93K Dog Walk a huge success.
Recordbreaking funds raised.
Great to see so many folks out to support animals,  saw many SPCA alums!
Yes, I would like a vacation, but will never complain about work
New Costume Mardi Gras Butterfly Mesh Mask
today's been awesome, hope so for you too.
Tomorrow is going to start with meditation  yin at Flow Yoga in Hood River, looking good so far!
Dope music!
ATFC is our fave.
I have the worst stomach ache ever
im not on here much but im a randomee too.
And we did NOT call each other to coordinate!
Fake oh I'm with my girl so I don't eff wit the shroom
I am coming into NYC this weekend.
Anyone know anyone who has a ticket to Kraftwerk who might be planning to die?
Follow me dear love than RETWEET If you have LESS than 5000 followers.
Follow and gain 50 followers in minutes.
White house time h
I love working nights, but it provides me ample time to think, make a decision.
starting rethinking that decision....oh my oh my
Elder God Armor!, I answered before incase you didnt see im reposting!
WI Voter Photo ID has just passed the state senate!
On to Gov Walker to sign.
Fraud will need to work harder to get thru...
Protip: If your neighbours can smell your Glade plugin from the hallway, your apartment is too small for a Glade plugin.
Will speech be on TV, what channel?
I had a lot of reasons to give up on you, but I still chose to stay.
You had a lot of reasons to stay, but you chose to give up.
In thinking of how soon our little girl will be here, I inadvertently got The Final Countdown stuck in my head.
And now it's in yours.
I just love you.
Did you guys see show me off on his Ustream?!
I feel so special.
UPDATE: Police still on scene of the crash on the downtown side of the Ross Island Br.
at Kelly and Water...allow extra time.
Time for hiking in the hills!
Love being back in LA :
Preopening at 8 oz Burger Bar.
Lots of work/effort by the partners involved.
Congrats.
Wine of the day: 2010 Bin chardtouch of oak, herbaceous, envigorating;not what you'd expect and everything that you want
I feel a little hungover
Bang bang bang bang i love da shit!
Does anyone know a good way to buy and send wine in Ontario?
I want to send my aunt a gift.
Ima sagg my pants n hold my Dick all day today...
Just so niggas knw I can b on my G shit lol
Not an issue if you like public places.
GM, Thanks for the follow :
Are you going to do the What Makes You Beautiful contest?
getting my new doctorid tomorrow, teamandoctorid ;
write a grant with business sense.
GBCA BROWNBAG
I dont look at all those big dogs.
I like an underdog3
Stuffed my face at Babe's.
Now at Mavs game.
Birthdays don't come much better than this.
Loving the iTunes Genius sidebar...
a little too much.
nevermind the show is still on season 2, I thought you were on season 3 :p
If I have to have 7am calls at home, shouldn't I also get to have 1pm Maury from work?
I almost bought a mango the other day, but I didn't know how to eat it.
Like an apple?
Peel  cut?
Skinless?
thanks for following!
Celebrity Biographer Charles Higham Dead at 81
Today at 7:28 followed me and tweeted me back!
Rehearsal w Positone Records today for recording session Tues.
Band: Jared Gold, Dave Allen, Mark Ferber
at turnerhallballroom right now.
You ready Milwaukee
what about buttons of my face?
American Idiot is about to start!
So excited!
Follow along from home because we are hosting Tweet Seats tonight!
his perminute stats were pretty great.
he was getting better at not fouling and being able to stay on the court
Just let me get in my zone
They who are of the opinion that Money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for Money
still craving some scrapple ?
If you buy 2 lbs.
I can give you 2lbs free...
Good idea, I wish I had someone else willing to do it!
:P
I hope there isn't a correct way to pray.
I often imagine sitting on the porch talking to Jesus.
Imagine Ice Cube and Smokey in Friday
Random internet wonkiness seems to have passed.
Oy.
: Duquesne students chanting jerry and start the showers...
Dukesno class

Thanks for the follow.
It's hard for penguins to peddle, but we are all in favor of anything that helps promote community!

the PJ Media iPad app is horrible.
You can't share and when you click on a link it takes you to Safari.
The plantain pancakes w/ Cotija cheese :
wack is a favorite of mine
I HAVE HAD THE HICCUPS ALL DAY.
PLEASE SCARE ME.
We'll be building A floor a week after the 7th floor!
Forget the knight in shinning armor I'll take a country boy in camo!
3
Its like nonstop working.
I love the holidays but cant stand when school is out
Sending out some love.
BLESS UP!
Everything happens for a reason and I get a little bit stronger
shoot..
should've put you in my show to really make you feel TGIF!
;
New York wants you to move here too  start packing.
...crunch and munch...we who carry the hammer like those and mM'S
i hate being stagnant.
i get bored too easily.
thats why i get stuck on the challenges and forget the rest.
One of these years I'm getting to MaliceDomestic.
But, this year, it's Bouchercon for my budget.
Hi, I have no questions 4 the x factor contestants but one for U.
What do u want Santa 2 bring u 4 Xmas??
Oh, and also...
if you notice your latte/espresso/mocha/etc.
tasting extra good  check out our NEW MANUAL GRINDER!!!!!!!!!
Debugging some issues with FruityLoops today...
Found a swim suit I really like but I can't wear balconette tops due to lack of gap between boobs
I wonder the same!
I wanna know the secret formula for a krabby party....
Hi Cheryl, Thanks for the follow.
I owe you an email too and will get to that soon.
Cheers!
Lee
luckily they have great rewatchability :
best tight end in the league man!!!
Great season, can't wait until next year!!
Almost organized.....
Almost......
Feed for bookless is on display at
Sorry yall I feel goofy tonight
You kind of give me the craziest butterflies .
This kid on Ellen...
I'd date him.
That moment when you walk into 1st period 15 minutes late...
u should probably get off of twitter and focous more on a cure..wasting time and money seems to be ur new calling.
you're grammarnazi RT : Sometimes your the pigeon and sometimes your the statue.
the doctorver will be out after I take lesson....we
So my regular park cruising spot is almost no more.
I did get to suck a guy off and then he fed me his piss.
Went for a run in a refreshing stormy weather in beautiful Vancouver, BC
cool!
I'm going to follow them!!
Love your blog and pic on your blog!!
You are a riot!!
xo
We strongly believe in the strength of angels.
Jorg Sievert, SAP Ventures, 11.2.11
hey anyone see my phone!!?
Moved into the new house yesterday!!!....'Everything is starting to come together!!!!
hey there!!
Str8LykeDes..
The shit funny doe, seems if she believe da hoe she gotta go..
Relaxing listening to music texting watching tv 
hey girl, how r u doing?!
Brent Blackaby:Ability to have engaged conversations is powerful, but only after they are MOTIVATED to do so.
i hate sitting in the back of the bus....
O brother where art thou, Shawshank, and tombstone are my top three.
All about brothers.
it's my mom's bday today too.
90!
taking 1 more day off work...I swear I have some sort of virus...this sickness is doctorving me insane...
Thanks For Helping Spread Awareness!!
Sum mf will never change!!!!
lol yeah aye you got a FB???
well then party on!
I don't think any of us expected 2 be where we r rn.
But jus make the best of it.
Surround ur self w the things u luv.
:
omg.
that chickfila was so good.
I was starving.
Never be afraid to be yourself.
Remember an original is worth more than a copy.
Time to scramble some eggs n fry some bacon unless i find that bunny
Average Happy hour doctornks cost the same as an average gallon of gas.
Thankfully this weekend is turning out ok so far:
batchs ain't a animal but your moms houe is;
Really!?
American Dad is still on?
Seth MacFarlane must be doing fox a favor or something.
It's National Frozen Yogurt Day!
Celebrate w.
Pinkberry!
Mango, Coconut, Original, Peanut Butter, Chocolate
I really don't like those bees
Been solo to long
Championship won.
Season done.
Have a great race weekend everybody!!
I know I will!!
Acapella rap songs 
MAKE LOVE TO ME WITH YOUR WORDS NOT WHAT'S IN YOUR PAINTS
I mean they can get annoying after awhile.
Atheists just need to understand that people can believe what they want.
Huffman: concern about some Sunset recommendations re: parole board.
Reasons for ALL decisions, delegation of any case to hrg ofcrs
Tonight as well as Wednesday night proved my point...all i have to say
Give me another full length movie on flixter.
I dare you.
send a triggering email 1 day prior, copying subscribers exes, get everyone mad/crying, charge extra if it's a full moon.
This week has to improve.
Right?
It's been kind of a pile of shit so far.
Closing the book on Wednesday.
Hoping Thursday sucks less.
All over the map.
Literally just about anything, sans westerns.
Not my style.
yep twitter is the Devil!see ya tomorrow
you and Buster booth already tweeting, difference is he may be on the east coast!
You may not.
Do you sleep?
Ha
Just bought thehungergames movie tickets 333 12 more days.
I better bring some kleenex..
Fake Pat died to me when he RENEGED on a FLANIGANS invite in December.
The tweet about the cordless kettle was quoted from a review on Amazon.
No matter how far you go down the wrong road, you can always turn back3;
...as I eat watermelon sour patch and raisinets
Phew!
Great run of Hurcules Furens with Now diving into rehearsals for Rock In Her Pocket
I feel badly for Steve Nash, I wonder where he will land up next year!
Watching the American Music Awards, Whose hair do you like the best so far?
And who are the MITCH Men?
Today 106 Long Beach farmersmarket  City Hall, next to LIRR station
Well Leave Monday For Chicago This Wasnt The Way I Wanted To Go Back There!!!
I don't like you.
But I am gonna quit bitching.
From
better be homeboy
Haha, you know he is currently plotting his demise!
Wait, I think I should be the one plotting his demise!
Classic: RT : Vader, you must confront Vader, then, only then, a jedi will you be...and confront him you will.
no doubt..
I will be sending you more material asap
you should learn how to lean like those cholos
Totally smoked back from Laschet's Inn Chicago.
German beers solid pretzel sleep it off
Just watched the GIRLS pilot.
That show knows what it's doing.
Happy Birthday to Lyndsey Cannon she turns 13 today!!!
growing up so fast
ELI!
Are you coming by today?
What are you thinking in the LOUISVILLE game?
Not sure I shld have to teach the deli cntr how to slice prociutto.
shldn't they know which salami is spiciest?
awesome.
Great timing
What were your key takeaways from today's social media program?
Haha; I gotcha.
No rules on connection timing...however each circumstance will dictate when it's best/appropriate to connect
The Expendables go hard!
hey can i have a shoutout?
il give you one back!
3
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
playoff game, discovery ball  christening!
: RT : The weekend ishere!
Got any plans?
do it!
I'll be the one with the bass.
I can teach you French!
I take French at school!!!
Hahahahahhahahahah I'm not like every alcoholic.
No evo shieldNo
Hi libchat I'm Jessi and in a postMLS fellowship
2 shows this weekend!
SAT, 12/10: Old Man Brown  Bayou in Georgetown10pm.
SUN, 12/11: Jenny Leigh Freeman  Bossa in Adam's Morgan7:30pm.
Seattle, if you were human, Id put you on Prozac.
I need some of Baltimores warmth and sunshine right now....
TONIGHT MTV VMA WKND WRAPS UP  COLONY WITH DJ doctorMA!!!
Fruit Loot looser :
IfIRuledTheWorld I would help people in need and take care of my family
Had to cancel trip to Dublin , in truth i cant be arsed but if anyone asks its
love your version of Happy Hour
haha I am!!
Our God is greater, Our God is stronger!
Yay!
: I can't wait.
22 days!
Phill Grove To Hold A Free Financial Freedom Workshop On Wednesday, May 16 ...
I'm supposed to be sleep!
5am ain't gonna be pretty!
mahoganybella
How does it feel now to watch it burn?
You should put a picture or description with each.
watching The Vow with me bro.
we are sickbuddies blehhhhh
thanks Eric for the follow
today was a great day especially with my
Failing to plan is a plan to fail.
Effie Jones
I guess you have to have bad days to fully appreciate the good days
FF Some great LAthtr Tweeters: , ,  Company member rocks some great tweets, too.
Tacos de asada.
do what you want  say what you please.
Agreedand papercut resistant for us clumsy thumbs.
I wish every customer that came to the pharmacy was just like Betty White.
Found a new up and coming sport that appears to be right up your alley.
Google Moto Polo
forgive me,I don't know much about Meadowlark Lemon except that he was a globetrotter from my neighborhood, harlem.
Haha!
I wanted to feel his muscles soo bad :
I did that thing where u double ur height wen ur 2, I'm suppose to b 5'4!
I'm 5'4 right now  am I gonna b to short to play volleyball!?
Thank you!
Have a great weekend :
happiness.....WHERE??
you are a chef!
SE Portland we 3 you!
Thanks for the support yesterday, see y'all around :D
thanks man
don't think i'm going to be able to sleep tonight after that amazing concert!
So busy today!
Happy monday!
u need to up Ur appetite
So far worked out so i think he got lots of guts
Will someone at DWTS tweet and tell us what said that they bleeped out?
clearly the jokes on us
Take a look around, ain't shit nice in this careless world..
Hey sassy Nikki!!
TFTF and keep having fun making the world your stomping grounds...
same literally though
Daily GTKY question: Who do you respect the most?
How come you can't face time on three way?
We mostly work to live, until we live to work.
Good morning!!
Hope you have a very blessed day!
:
haha..the Yahoo soap opera continues
Listening to Eva Cassidy I Have Told You So.
What a loss for us musically that she left us too early but I will cherish her recordings.
i need advice..
badly..
Mark Wahlberg  best actor alive.
Go 2 Utube n type all n 1 word misterocolts317 n listen to n my cadillac or players anthem.
Thats my shit I made.
N e thing that says ft maxima
yup that was a pretty depressing conversation lol
I remember the day Williams got kicked off the team...I wondered why he was looking so down walking away from Conte when I spotted him
Hahahaha oh god send me that
Good!
I bike to the Y DT, but also wrk at our Brown Deer location, which I doctorve to...
;
Vegan Sausage w Roasted Red Pepper, Jalapeno, n Pepperjack Daiya Cheese!
Also Mint Cookies n Cream brownies!
My birthday SUCKS.
Smh..
Gotta say, as far as days go, this one sure had a truckload of good news in it.
yay!
Feel That Happy Feeling....
Playing at Cool River in Homer Glen tonight for a hometown celebration before we leave for tour.
21 cheap doctornks, we'll play around 11:30!
isn't it amazingly humorous how those who don't do ur job think that that can tell you how to do ur job????
wtf!?
how r u doing???
Romney distancing himself from the nasty SuperPac ads against Obama get used to seeing for the next 5 months.
Who's claiming the account?
zeke Zoey.
I have a thing for pets named with Z's.
Mine are Zeke Zeus and Zoom lol
thou dost protest too much...
Convinced 2 kinds of people: those who use kleenex and those who put finger to nostril and blow through t'other.
Why hot jogging boy, why?
Your my everything.
Follow me?
I wouldn't be just another Mahomie wanting a follow.
It would mean everything to me.
Please?
really....who uses Martha Stewart glitter for kindergarten?
replacefilmtitleswithtwat No Country for Old Twat
I'm interested in textile production capability/resources/info in Haiti.
tips?
starting points?
Parenting: You're doing it right.
Check out  a design co.
that donates their professorts to organizations to help fund preservation/restoration projects in LA.
RT : Teachers play an important role in prepping kids for success in the workplace  blogging from...
Can't wait :
Thanks, Jen : really nice here today, I hope it is for you, too :
Lord Byron: Our thoughts take the wildest flight; even at the moment when they should arrange themselves in thoughtful order.
An interview w/ Core Media Concepts will be posted on a brand new Orlando based entertainment site soon!
Follow for updates
My whole body is aching....
This nigga is never doing anything.
I have a better life than him , and I don't have a life lol
happy mothers day and thank you
Have you voted, today?
GOP and Democratic primaries happening right now in
Symbols, signs, and the cycles of things.....
good morning beautiful
We'd be more than happy to connect.
Can you please DM us your phone or email, so our team can reach out to you?
Thanks!
Austin's future girlfriend is smiling and RTing this tweet.
3
We have over 6,000 in raffle prizes to give away at 3rd Annual Bachelor/ette Auction Flashes of Hope!
SNL Eli is actually not half bad.
Looks like he might be the funnier Manning brother.
the day imma die
I've only finished like half of it so far.
And yes we're supposed to turn it in.
If you in 2005 could see you today in 2011 what would you say?
Would you be impressed with all that you have accomplished?
okay so do you want to make it?
You can :
i'm not asking for someone that is perfect to love me i'm just asking for someone that at least cares !
All day in office conferencing with students.
Losing all sense of dignity by now.
Office reeks of cheap Asian food that I had for lunch.
I am determined to do this same yoga video until I can do it once through without falling over
Elisa Chan and Maria Cordero to perform in Genting on May 22  The Sun Daily
at a sweet 16.
Lol why
Good enough reason for me : RT : Youll burn about 700 calories an hour on a bicycle.
Thanks, Stephanie!
Hopefully it catches on.
Are you gonna nominate something?
Mort is reporting that he's been relieved of duties  Angelo fired?
Wowser  does this mean end of Lovie Smith era?
I love you you're sexy
OMG!!!
Why did you foul him!!!
I've fallen in love many times...
always with you.
3
yes its perfectly normal.xx I do it all the time 3
RT : Kicking myself for forgetting to swing by for frenchiespopup before work/gah!
Here too!
ahh...
massive change, blowing up faculty comfort zones, and shifting TL traditions...
piece of cake!
;
Close fight, but you won!
: I had me winning that fight!
I wonder who Marvin has winning after all these years?

Guys are playing like this is some throwaway game in Rochester!!!!
Kurt Russell when asked about the rangers play so far
not really.
mostly rage and bitterness and helplessness.
and now i assume i have to sue the owner, not building.
sigh
Awee: You guys are TOO CUTE together!
New Years resolution: get heavy into Lady Ga Ga
Whole grains  amaranth, buckwheat, chia, millet,quinoa,sorghum and wild rice....my favorite is quinoa!
I have to do a piss test too for work!:O
Nice network teamwork between TNT and NBC to get a NBC live shot of Staples during the LA Kings game broadcast during Clips game on TNT.
Seriously what does thunder up even mean?
Dumbest slogan ever.
thanks for rubbin it in.I just finished Googleing how to play a guitar I didnt learn anything.
U need to teach me
nothing bro you ?
Action is eloquence.
William Shakespeare
1234567890 your username is great.
i love it.
your account is just amazing!
When you associate with BASIC people it is quite easy to pull the wool over their eyes!
milwaukee What you shop at a hardware store do you typically go into the store knowing what you're going to buy?
Or do you go to discover?
Allow a new dog to smell your child first before interacting with him
latex2  10 to get in.
tonight  frequency.
Party of the year
RT : In caucus where we are finding out for the first time the surprises in new budget including a new slush fund.
I'm hungry .
I herd from somewhere that your doing a world tour, I live in America, so I don't know if it is true?
Copying homework right as you get to school.
I learned so much from your posts terrific advice!
thanks!
: like last year
i love UNBROKEN its Amazing
what up man...damo the songwriter
Calling it: Today, I got my first sunburn of the season celebrating and 's impending union.
SO WORTH IT.
IT'S TWITTERTUESDAY TIME!
Say Good Times to yr server to get one of our FAMOUS ROLLS for free!
While supplies last!
Limit 1 per table!
RT The big question is whether you are going to be able to say a hearty yes to your adventure.
Joseph Campbell
My great uncle claims he dated Marilyn Monroe back when she was Norma Jean.
I'll never be the most delusional person in my family.
lol leave them old people alone
Too bad u don't live in PDX, we are giving away amazing PBR swag at Dante's see our website for more.
The consensus on Julius Mays seems to be: great shooter and good slasher, but lacks elite athleticism and not a great defender.
It's a back issue tweet, so supplies refers to the print version.
But we're including digital issues in the sale as well.
when your reality is finally better than your doctorams 3'
Stereotypes date stereotypes.
Nice!
Listening right now.
And Warped is 35 days after that.
:
SURF REPORT: 13 ft ankle to waist high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
domestic violence, texting and doctorving, homosexualityGlee is the modern day after school special.
Thanks for the follow.
I love your platform and am so glad it's live again :
haha you have no room to talk.
3:35 am.
Still going strong with
How is Aramis Ramirez doing since his slow start this spring?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
NYC House takes over tonight with BORIS on deck!
Get listed for OPEN BAR 10301130pm  COMP ENTRY!
reply/
bet!
I'll check it out fam
i love crazy bitches.
too bad i adore my boyfriend and im not giving him up.
3
Pittsburgh Popcorn Co's Oakland Flavors of the week are Watermelon, Buffalo Wing, Garlic Parmesan.
You know what I would like, what would be tres topical?
A muppet LBJ .
Except I really DID sing in a barbershop quartet in Skokie, Illinois.
Other members: Shawn Green, Ben Weber, Scott Schoeneweis.
Trying out a new program to help in making tweets more consistent.
Hope this works OK.
Day strtd terrible now great
I just watched a guy carry an unopened plasma tv box into Burlington Coat factory.
I'm not sure who is more confused right now, him or me.
I love that has skyped into class and is sharing notes in real time on our google doc
Why is TNT advertising a show that on at the same time on a different network
I'm having a really hard time focusing on Orality and Literacy 'cause my brain keeps trying to turn it into pictures...
Thanks for explaining to in this video that we do not have a shark tank and we don't negotiate....
Its the first day of Spring!
Hop on over and pick up one of our sprinkled chocolate iced egg doughnuts complete with Kreme filling!
Good morning!!
: off to airport!!!
:
lol this sucks
i hope will notice me SomeDay and follow back!!
reve krh 
AZ threatening to cut power it supplies to LA.
25 of LA power supplied by AZ.
Water next.
I don't mind the Anthony verdict.
She'll be pregnant in six months and we'll get to watch the whole thing again.
Hope its in Texas...
sorry girls but taking a picture of your crotch and legs kinda makes you look slutty
Yo this YOUR fault?
The stream for IWNY is skipping every 510 seconds.
Even the Fellas agree that N'Dulgence has Dope Sht!
Hey thanks for the mention!
Keep reading!
Rainy Monday.
Thankful not to be in traffic.
Have a super day y'all!
Mo39; Money, Mo39; Problems
Love, love autumn light!
Best portraits of the year !!!!
S/o to my other half...he's there 25/8 for our Lil prince just as much as I am!!
Will do!
I am also delivering one from Sarah!
Congrats to all the TRASHXXII winners!
Wish I could've joined you  the banquet today.
So true!!!
Thanks,
Cleaning up my classroom
Shout out to all the teachers out there!
What you do is not easy!
I would agree with the manning thing.
Unless he is flying to another doctor, but if he's just staying in Indy.
That's wrong
Thanks to all the fans that came out to the avonvolleyball games this year we couldn't have made it this far without u guys
Thanks Anita...
hope you enjoy them!
Thanks  but no thanks.
Henry pulled the hair off the top of a stuffed monkey's head, and Audoctory said, Now it looks like Rock!
Going to have a chill night at home watching movies.
Anyone got good suggestions was thinking about contraband
What would you do differently or change if you had more money?
Skitch is whiteboard app you can doctorw on.
I write math problems and can teach/model anytime using the whiteboard.
Students love it!
Hey Indlps Voters Listen to Mayor Ballards Adds aout 5000 job committments I herd better p/u lines in a bar they are Bogas they don't exist
tell ur friends i say congrats too!!:
My tummy hurts.
:
that'll work
Back from planet fitness, and took my vinegar smelling pill
Whoohoo!
Back atcha!
RT : Psyched to work with on a proposal.
This is going to be awesome.
hey, it's Shabat!
What are you doing tweeting?
;
Is got a peeling nose or sunburn?
cancunvacation smbmad.
Hope she used sunscreen on vacation.
Anyone interested in dim sum tomorrow in Flushing?
Why is Rebecca Black trending???
Instead of worrying about where ur cheese comes from y don't u worry about delivering orders when promised.
Placed order
Testing out Seesmic Desktop 2 as a social network management platform.
ill be there:D
I don't know which iPhone charger is mine :
no worries.
We are happy to give support.
Thanks Chris :
MusicVideosYoullNeverForget...
R.
Kelly  Down Low.
That video was like a little movie.
Alright!!!
Our Facebook fan page it up!!
Check it out and be sure to LIKE us!
RT
Did you know that KeyMetric tracks phone calls and other conversions to ppc keywords  search queries as easily as tracking clickthroughs!
good afternoon !
: how was your day so far??
Girl, u gettin one of the first invites.
I haven't even started promoting online yet.
U so special!
Lol.
Hello Linda : Happy Easter, hope everything is well.
I'm celebrating the 50th anniversary of Strunk  White by using active voice, preferring the standard, and reveling in serial commas.
I can't wait.
Honestly.
I dont listen to them that much anymore but they will always have a huge chunk of my heart :
Vanderbilt marketing for events is HORRIBLE.
Why is it that I don't hear about this stuff until it is actually happening.
I'm cool BTW.
HAHA oh how I miss those days
WTF did I get on FB I knew that was gonna happen...really the first post though...
I just wanna cry, I don't wanna believe it!
down to one holefree pair of pants.
fuck.
GTL in preparation for Bahamas!!
Wooopwoooop!
It's a global commodity.
Biggest consumer is US.
Of the US, military uses most.
Closes bases.
Base in Japan, Germany.
Really?
Purple weed in tha jar call it smuckas
Another day, another world's first in gamification, right Tommy?
:
yea u should have it by Monday
they can still get to the big game in January, keep your spirits up!
I'm confused...
Did I miss something??
blushyface Thank you!!
RT : We live in an exciting time spirituallyPeople are reaching out from church to mosque to temple  beyond....
Must.
Stop.
Eating.
Sugar cookies.
have you heard of the health benefits/weight loss perks of tea?
We had a whole event just for that topic!
No, they're not.
I can't wait till the day I hear on the radio 3
let me know
not smart.
What are you sleepin?
It seems like the only way to execute javascript in emberjs is through registered helpers
May 20th is right around the corner!
See you in Danville!
More info on the ETM website.
they sing them good though!
Thats why i love it!
Dang!
One point!
If we can type out childoctorn, I wonder why we don't just have descendent instead of find?
Call it what it is.
Awake is such good movie!!!!
:
Great to be back in the USA after a nice week attending the YE PEI conference!
Low level dudes love Scarface...high level dudes love The Godfather
At Digital Lounge iHollywood Media, Entertainment and Tech Mixer woo hoo!
you can put autograph requests in the comments box.
We can not take phone orders.
Tnight on 10, A night of Stars among the GOP and more on an alert 2 at DSM Airport, possible fire onboard flight
How u sign up for may 3
lmao,wow..you could say its a trophy that determines the champion and goes to next roundd
Half off Haircuts!!!
Today only from 11:30 3pm with Leah!!!!
who was that?
I can't understand why people say my girlfriend's legs look like matchsticks.
They do look like sticks  but they certainly don't match.

Good.
How are you?
Unlearing a baroque, academic style is painful...
My Dad was SO right about you.
Working through the VHS list and making weeding decisions.
soo happy today  i love it.
Yes on Paulson!
Most library signs, even not the shut up ones, are hideous anyway.
So rare to see eyepleasing signage.
I had lavender again!
: FYI  I'm totally going to be talking your soda up.
I'm very happy with my whole experience!
5 days until Cubs opening day!
No electricity no work.
that saying deserves a tshirt: 'You're so hot, I'd poke holes in the condoms.'
Oh so many chances to practice.
I would get sick the day I get t dissect a heart in biology
We LOVE our clients Post pictures of you with your meal so we can share them with all of our followers!
Happy Thursday :
Las Placitas is super crowded like they used to be back in the day!
now if I can only get a waiter...
As much as I would love a game 6 at home, just win baby!
LeBron James  NBA MVP.
Not like it should surprise anyone, though.
There was no question about it.
Congrats !
Why are there tornado sirens going off????
what's up this is jake stahl, scott Kooistra friend.
I want to sit down with you on doing a charity event.
5138865253
RT : Woohoo, for iPhone.
Another beautiful distraction to help me get my phone stolen.
It doesn't matter who plays qb.
Denver will have 1st pick in 2012 and get Luck!
hall and oates was on wednesday and it was epic.
Both were there.
you missed a great time, but there is always next week!!
;
duh!
its a team of men....
must focus.
Happy Birthday,
Solid pregame mix on w/ Getting ready for the TPR holiday bash.
We're hitting the town this
Here's my plan for a successful week.
Win 4x8 OCC chamos Thursday, Prom Friday, And Saturday get First/Second Team AllOCC in the 1600m
LinkedIn is where your employees get poached  Ric doctorgon
whoa, I want to know what's going on.
o:
If you haven't already, please watch my video.
I really need those views.
And thank you so much if you already have!
the water just hit the big ships in the movie 2012 and the bay door is still open.
do you think they'll make it?
Am I saying that not getting at least a bit mistyeyed at the end of Toy Story 3 shows that a person is emotionally stunted?
Maybe.
And My CountDown Begainnsssss!
5 days left til Th Reign Is Over get your free download  www.thorobreadentertainment.com
Um chekn,.
We lookn fa wachall do,.have u heard a samp of our m musik?
We may be getn at yall soon, thanx fa reachin out, we peepn some ...
Thats how I role!
on Blue Hill  bars closed due to so many violations, stabbings, etc  colocated w/ liquor stores that act as hubs for stuff...
But wait, where's the librarian?
Stuck in the snow maybe?
when tj suppose to be here ?
Which is longer: Harry Potter or Trollope's Palliser novels?
Other Victorian contender for very long story?
Let the flames begin
Someone sent us a Christmas card today addoctorssed to the Petry's.
Am seriously pondering the future of this friendship.
what??
I grew up in Atlanta!
Where are you?
Oh computer and electrical engineers don't need to know how a transistor works but a CS major needs to know how to build circuits?
I am crying:
and we are grateful for you!
THANK YOU!
WHOA HEY NOW.
brb crying
People gotta stop posting about Adam Yauch its making me sad
Pull your camper, boat or other outdoor toys with ease!
One of the new RAM trucks at Melloy Dodge is just the ticket for summer adventures!
RT : The best feeling comes when you realize youre perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
Let's go GRIZZ
Rock and Roll ain't noise pollution.
I bet its fun
Haha that's exactly what I thought when you had came up to me  my girls at the beach..lol TAYLOR.
RT: Thanks 2 the Feds 4 mandating we lift the illegal cap on FamilyCare, but I'll take credit for it if u want.
Release date not yet firmly set.
But hopefully by July ...
He said u feel me!
Lmao
Great job by tonight leading worship 's message certainly was thought provoking.
sed ur goin to wing night with us u dummy
on each child from year to year.
Good afternoon
can't wait to see it!
I'm Jewish and had a 30 off coupon.
I must share my joy!
wish me luck
The fact that Romney can't remember bullying is worse.
Means it's inconsequential to him.
Like a dog strapped to a car roof.
the club was so much fun last night.
it's hard to be one woman man sometimes when all these women surround me in my presence.
Slygrin guy in front of me in Panera gave his name as Ricardo Montalban.
Cashier asked How you spell that?...THE PLANE!!
I've only been a few times, but love it!
what time?
thanks for the mention!
If you're interested in the Clooney arrest  follow
This whole virtual waiting room for RedSox tickets is BULLSHIT!!!
one in 20 of the people in the world was born in the US.
Luis Navarro
Hahahaha thanks for blowing up my notifications.
3
i wonder if i should start on my homework!?
: i don't really see myself as short tho, im like smedium height...Lol!!
I'm going to use that
As long as no cats are harmed.
; RT My cat is doing a nice job of keeping my lap warm, but my hands are cold.
Cat mittens???
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they dont have any.
Alice Walker
I'm having a Firefly marathon tonight!
Nothing like a little space exploration in westernish outfits to make the day seem better.
you at Balmar tonight or is that saturday?
Wobegon...
ARE you OUT THERE???
Watch out kids...
He may give you a ticket!
Man...
I'm tired of working to pay bills!!
Not sure!
Things are definitely different than they were in 2004 than they are now though!
MWC champs!
Win win win.
Cut down nets
I disappeared for a couple days.
My buddy sent me an Xbox 360 and it came on Wednesday so I've been playing/setting up all that fun stuff!!
omg!!
My night has been made thanks to !
thank you!
:
Just put in a application at Publix too!!!:
forgot to tell you that u look fabulous in the music video!
Do you have analytics set up on your salon website to make sure you can track the results of your web strategy?
Its easy to learn and use!
Yes!
Pocket Full of Rye has people getting it on WHILE SMOKING.
I forget which is the lesbian one, but def.
wasn't in the book.
Follow my nigga he tweet that real shit
He's another Syracuse guy?
How is that possible?
Some yawl women's eyebrows be scaring me
lol, I'll have to check my score then!
Haha Really?!
y do i always fall for yur type ?
missed pretty little liars...
:o
Once the sun sets come downstairs for some trivia.
Free and great prizes!
Is everyone switching from blueberry to pumpkin muffins?
Did anyone see Byrd's cookies on ??
Check out their exclusive Mother's Day deal on !
yes Welcome!
i know u clocked out lol
Hehad essayed to walk along the trunk of a fallen pine
Need to talk to you about payment.
That awkward moment when you realize you didn't get a bagful of white chocolate dipped oreo's....
Land of not surprising: faculty use Google Images more than ArtStor, despite advantages of latter
Just returned from a lovely meal with my mother...
Now, hits from the Degabong.
yeah but haymitch is in his 40s.
Finding a 20something haymitch would be perfect
i think i did it right can u see it if u go on my professorle??
On my way Beantown!
I should be on the ground in 3 hours.
Still not at the ORD though, hopefully security is fast
He's a calmer, nicer Pierce Morgan!
: I've NEVER been a Howard Stern fan but I'm enjoying him on Americas got talent.
Weird.
Dear student, when you say An example of a robbery is when you rob someone you are not really answering the question.
What a beautiful Morn'in!
Believe in your goal
We are short by one runner by the way.
If anyone is interested, let me know.
Target pace  7 min/mile.
DONT FALL ASLEEP.
I NEED YOU.
333
that didn't work so im just gonna copy and paste the link
The required 2hr online training for organization leaders has sapped me of my will to live.
New App Coming called Jackpot Balls in June.
Top Stars sign with Crown Games.
Arlene Bruce BC Lions Star will be on the New Apple App..
steve Walsh, supplement mistake turned success by the doctorft genius jimmyjohnson
Have a Great Holiday  ...and God Bless Us....every one !!
please follow me I love your show so much your such a great actress and singer!!!
Great video!!
RT : The things that some girls wear nowadays....
..
will have to check it out..
there is never enough inspiration to be happy in this world..
:
Its WooHoo Wednesday!
What steps are you taking towards your health and fitness goals this week?
haha I told everyone  school, sent out a mass txt  3 Fb posts 4 everyone 2 wear red tomorrow!
Everyone knows its ur bday!
:P
these stones that have seen tough times are held together by the mason's mortar  it too appears weathered  but is holding fast
I mean seriously THANK GOD I live in the future.
Pocket computers and 3D printer,s I love you.
20 C.
right now, supposed to get to 26 C.
this afternoon.
Charles  Baltimore today 112 stop by for your last chance this week for a great lunch
people are tweeting bad memories now
I wrote a spec about PR and sent it to a writer who writes for Comedy Central and he said Funniest Spec he has ever read!
New doctorid tomorrooo.
Since my doctorid now is half broken
it's like 15,000.
It might be shown at the NAB show.
Attending that next week.
I'll let you know what they say.
Happy Hour countdown...60 minutes on the East, 120 minutes for the MidWest, 180 minutes on the West
I had hoped that would take a hint from Jesus and make his appearance today.
But no.
Ah well, Happy Easter!!!
Beautiful morning run around Lady Bird Lake.
Great to see tons of people out enjoying our downtown trails.
Now off to go vote for
Nice overhang
My mom has to be the stupidest bitch on this planet her day consist of messing up my mood
RT Tune in tonight on BET watch  debut Hurt Somebody the new hit single by Album Stadium out soon
You can do the indoor table, too!
We know it is already HOT!
;
I'm going to throw up
There's enough tickytack at the New Garden tonight to decorate an entire set of elementary school classrooms.
Merry Chistmas Twitter Fam.
Enjoy and God bless :
Begin each day as if it were on purpose.
Author Unknown
Taught a bartender with 20 years experience a new doctornk, clover club.
pm him at i4i
Is really playing Teddy P?!
TURN AROUND FOR 5MINUTES 7 I GOT LIKE 1000 SOMETHING NEW TWEETS.
: I seriously doubt Kate dies...maybe she will become the next Police Chief castle this sounds good to me.
Thanks 4 the hope!
Rosen recommends Labor Heritage Assn for organizing workers in NM
should i give up on making u notice meh?
be cuz i seem invisible to u:
After school poops 
Transition into Unicode for East Asian studies was messy; glad to be done with that
The only reason for us losing is being distracted by that awful orange filled arena.
My eyes are bleeding.
Happy Veterans Day everybody and Happy 11/11/11.
I know you still have feelings for your gf but I really do like you 3I like your smile 3 hope you feel the same way
Just pared down my LinkedIn connections.
My view: if I don't know who they are, why did I ever connect to them?
No value for either of us.
Luke C.
Moore students are working on a zine that aims to improve the community perspective of LCM students through artwork.

is necessary but not sufficient says  couldn't agree more, mister Mayor.
We need smart, strategic reforms
unknown as we are taking it on the road.
Our first performance of it will be soon at a gallery here in Havover, so probably
BLESS YOU ANTHONY!
Model  BC105 D L  Ladies 26 Extended Deluxe Beach Cruiser.
Color:Pearl White with Red Wheels
Ready for the future.
I Have a couple of projects that I'm working on.
check out www.wolfeyedesigns.com and sign up for the rss feed.
Melchior De Polignac To err is human.
InMiddleSchool i was a
I believe you are absolutely correct about the Disarray of the World,as long as WE are in disarray.We are the original people
Just received a VIP invite...to grand opening of men's apparel store where sizing begins at XL.
I'll now be having celery sticks for dinner.
..You Boo Rip Oliver but where I come from Rip Oliver is a Real Dude!
Ric Flair 5/14/83.
part of classic PDX Wrestling DVD's i just got!!
will you please follow me please please please :
Let us know if you have any questions at all
Happy BDay to !
Eating anything other than CURRIED'S CURRY just does not make sense!!!
Plan on it RT : oh you like 's tweets, pleas retweet all of them for the rest of us
That was funny hahaha
Sounds yummy.
CCF was okay.
The main course filled me up so no cheese cake
fuck u pay me
Duals were pretty good yesterday, not a lot of passing!
Danica got knocked into the wall Weather is great!!!!
Isn't it just a winter wonderland out here in Hillsboro?
5 more days until
feelings!!!
ugh.
gross.
just gunna push those away again and pretend they aren't there :
what's night market?
I love your WSJ column Jason.
I read it every Monday.
Your Charlie Weis take was hysterical.
Thanks for the laughs.
I always see Simpson kids at North Point mall.
It's cool
Ok twitter world I need your thoughts.Who does the Packers keep or cut?
that's what I thought 2, but doctorke bringing them back.
:
disappointed they were working at Walgreens was what the look was about.
um the crackle, O2 and a nail polish
RT : where are the autocorrect poems?
surely it's the next Flarf  call the movement Autocorrect Porns or Autoimmune Puns
it's tomorrow on the HCC sw campus :
A woman stopped me and asked to borrow my sunscreen.
She thought I'd have some b/c I'm just THAT pale.
I gave her my SPF 70
sure thing, babe RT : I wanna hear Dolphin Dance at the SundayJazzLounge kthxbye
Wow, can't believe it's already September...
Thanks!
You'll be here next year!
:
I know this really is our year for transformation!
God has prepared our hearts and we're going after it!
trying to get the cemetery map?
back in georgia.
i enjoyed meeting all u other ce folks at cefjm2011.
it was great hearing all the things y'all r doing!
2day  noon there's an online training.
Join by responding or email
Six penny whistles as giants.
One oboe as Jack.
Bass Clarinet as beanstalk.
I think fast five is the worse movie to watch in a week before my doctorvers exam P.
what are you doing tomorrow, keewey?
:
Happy PIE DAY?
Who's having a slice or two?
...or 3.14
Free Spirit
Follow me Please ; !
And what top secret program would ever print tshirts, complete with location and project name?
But still an enjoyable episode.
Watch and listen as Joe Hite performs on the piano , tonight and tomorrow at 9pm.
Aww, Mikey, calm down, buddy.
good morning.
And yes it's 7 here...
Mikey Here  any body want to wake up at 4:30 am this Saturday morning and run for 5 hours?
About 1520 miles?
I have had the music I like on LOUD all afternoon.
I've also been singing at the top of lungs, wildly offkey.
Nobody here to care.
Wow what a nice day great day to bne outside
What time will u b Home?
good to hear!
You look beautiful in your professorle pic.
Addicting show!
Love that this episode is being filmed in Boston.
the oldest AfroAm sorority is here at EmpowermentCongress !
Thanks Megan.
Great job in English class today.
:  any other principal
This getting dark at 5:30 thing really sucks!
don't do it dear.
rots the brain.
read a good book or watch a better movie
that video made me literatly cry.
it upsets me so much knowing tht he gets tht from people :/
Them other hoes be wishing that they had them boomerangs but they got them frisbees !
We are excited.
We are on our way up to summer camp!
We are visiting the camp we hold for childoctorn with
In February, EBSCO eliminated all fees and just charges the publishers recommended price for ebooks.
Pre Order Thomas Friedman's That used to be us via your Kindle reader and save 10 and save a tree and understand saving USA
do we need an allnight bro night to get back out gaming skillz and pwn some noobs???
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart.
thanks for signing up !
don't forget to start a discussion on the discussion boards, we'd love to hear more about you!
you own a car?!?!
I thought you just biked places.
in August
I miss him a lot right now :
As Stephanie Tanner would say, How rude!
Yellow Pages turns over a new leaf  WalesOnline
Paula Rubio and
girl at hme n pain...
My mouth is killin me
Yeah buddy!
has a moombah tune on their up coming EP.
hi is there a schedule M anymore for Making Work Pay?
Tonight better be fun, freetime...
;
Thats a smart move...I should do that...cuz unless I get a new case, my phone will break...
Heeyyy Steve 
Dude at the concert last night In Be prepared.
Lol and we were singing UH I was laughing so hard
96 more days....
Wow time flies.
A really good bassline will connect with almost everybody...BOOM!...BOOM!!....BOOM!!!
okay; love you too.3
do you realize how good you are at puns?
youaremovement holla.
okay sounds good..give me a little while to work outside while there is sun here.
:
You must want a ?
STILL can't access your site due to MySQL error.
The song was appropriate!
Rush hour traffic with a puppy in the car is probly the worst thing that's ever happened in my life
no, I'm not a fan of your super grunged Hdoctorof your Subaru forester in your doctorveway.
even with the sunset backdoctorp
the world is a SMALL place
webinar with and is starting now!
Feel free to use ContentQs for all questions
Really mad at myself for not getting into sooner!
So inspiring, real, and hilarious!
I am now an
Im truly flattered that your eyes graced the likes of my blog!
Are you free tomorrow, friday or saturday to Skype?
you too, dig your work, keep the good stuff coming!
Nice.
Picked up that pennant  a car decal at Walgreens.
like three bucks.
Damn it QPR play defense!!!!!
Fennimore brings in Kane Klais from third base to pitch.
He strikes out Nick Mohlmann for the second out.
We women use it as an excuse to eat anything
Have you texted your vote for the Indy Reads Glove yet today?
If not get those fingers movin!
Text READS to 86132
My carpet smells amazing.
Good night.
the three stooges movie looks hilarious!
i had no idea that the guy from will and grace was in it!
SCANNER: Rollover at Aurora Parkway  Orchard Road in SE Aurora.
Rescuers en route.
that's cheating if they wear sandels they need to do it bare footed lol
Sun screen in the eye.
FML.
Not gonna let it put a damper on the day though.
I, yes I, am the one who comforts you.
So why are you afraid of mere humans, who wither like the grass and disappear?
Is.
51:12...
Triathlon.
It's a

you're amazing!
What a good person.
Sac will miss you!
We have over 1200 beers it's so hard to pick just one favorite beer!
Not that I know of!
But how come everyone else gets to invent holidays and say when we celebrate?!
Why not us!
noo i can't miss school: okay tomorrows the last day you'll see me before braces hahaha
No video?
lookin' good Mat and fan!
Go get'm today!
Researcher using an iPad to copy documents  may be a first for us.
Seeking a Ford Focus in WV hard to come by.
Make more please :
Love is like being at the top of the Ferris Wheel all the time  Lori
Couldn't pass up the opportunity to have the word siiimbaa pass through your mind in Jay's voice.
Thank You!!
: Thanks for following!
YOUR NOT A FUCKING GOD.
YOUR GOING TO EAT KFC AND BURGER KING ON CARDBOARD BOXES AND NO ONE IS GOING TO GIVE A SHIT ABOUT YOU
Lottie's is open til midnight for those with nowhere to go.
Kitchen elves are off tonight, food menu is limited.
Berlin is really pretty intuitive O
i smell
Don't worry about people who aint worried about you
I talked to my parents they said I can donate some of my money to help the !
It Feels good.
This is impossible to do when we are filled with worry.
Explanation of St.
Luke
The cofounder of the Free Gaza Movement Greta Berlin  Talia Shulman Gold Wed April 13th 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
I need to post more on facebook haha
then again some men are self aware to a fault.
Much to their own detriment Woman seem to dislike truth in men 
It's scary how satisfying this is.
Lets go heat and orioles
God's grace is sufficient!!
fanfreakingtastic.
Just managed to spill a whole cup of Vietnamese hot sauce all over my Property outline.
iswearit'snotblood!
: Buddy boy RT : Morning people Leh'Go
love you morreeeee!
Sex?
No thanks.
My life fucks me everyday.
2 summons
Whoa!!!.
hey .
I have vids pics and all type of chit soon coming from the last couple shows.
I hope you are doing good.
:
Being able to get a tan on while in my room 
Had a boring night
Stopped at a gas station for a quick snack.
Resisted the doritos and bought oranges and apples.
So proud of me.
lol
I'm watching My Teen Would Never Do That but they totally would!
On it!
The MSPSMT is on a mission ;
I can't bealive people are actually getting in trouble for the App I'd cap that.
My boyfriend snapped a shot of this at AAM.
I just LOVE it!
Good morning
I had no idea that I had a wave.
I received the proof and am in the process of going over it.
Should still be on schedule for the July 31st release.
Woot!
So exciting.
I would never have guessed, mainly because I am too obtuse to figure out what it means!
Tonight we pick up a World Series Game 1 Winner on the Cards...
If you want this Bemis, well God make Bem and Bem will kick your ass.
Life can be art if we arrange it that way!
I got a big interview today  a prayer would really mean a lot
We just shipped out a unique and fun prop for a client in Canada: a 12' x 12' smiley face that will be placed on the front of their building
: Short People  God only lets things grow until they are perfect.
Some of us didnt take as long as others!!!.
3 it!
So wish my body didnt reject piercings I want my lip pierced...
:
No; I started it once and gave up after about 10 pages.
I seem to remember it having very dense stream of consciousness.
kim jong eel for all
I thought they stopped serving breakfast at 11.
or invite me over to your house!
Spankings will be there
lmfao go home
I gotcha
What ya niggas know bout that snow grind?!
Jeezle!
Some old guy knows how everyone's bag should go in the overhead.
MKE tarmac flight nw205.
totally agree.
doctorving home from Hennesseys, buzzed and exhausted from an epic night of beer pong...pics up tomorrow.
Focker OUT
I'm about to put a colt 45 1911 to this phone if it auto corrects me one more time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Celebration time at CS offices!
We've been awarded 2 Silver Anvil Awards for community relations and issue mgmt through
haha okay so talk to you tomorrow??
LOL
: shill shill shill RT : Santorum: whine, whine, whine.
Anyone have any creative German grilling recipes?
My throat hurts :
we're 9 away from 150!
thank you guys so much c:
Congrats to Barack for being selected for this year's Dancing With The Stars!!!!!
All that dancing will hurt his golf game.
yeah for sure.
Today they had this Survive the Zombies shooting training where they train you for when Zombies takeover.
THANKS FOR FOLLOW,ALL BLUE MARTINI EMPLOYEES SPECIAL SPECIAL DISCOUNTS!
MENTION BLUE MARTINI GET DISCOUNTS ON ALL PURCHASES
I love that movie it's just wow
Don't forget your mom this Mother's Day!
Maybe get her some roses?
M Hmm.
My favorite Presidents are JFK Jr and LBJ.
Every other President after that systematically targeted minorites with their policies.
CARanimalreliefGet ready for another show from www.blogtalkradio.com/creat...
starting in about 20 minutes todays subject..
Nutrition
Want your products/services in front of our hundoctords of event attendees?
No problem: Become an event sponsor to snag a booth space!
love you too boo boo 3 i know youd do the same for me :
awww happy valentines day, love!!
3
I'm back and today is going to rain the whole day!
:D I love that I'm going to eat and after that going to the patio to lay on the grass :
dont let me catch you with ya fanga in my sugar bowl
Let's hope Terps go for 2 if they score here!
Fear the Turtle
Thank you!
:
hey guess what, YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!!
333 :
idk I feel like wearing that one to Catherine's birthday
We want to know what are some of your favorite spots to visit in Atlanta?
Restaurants, lounges, clubs, bars, parks, etc..
What course is included in the complementary trial?
Crisis Counseling
Sounds yummy, Will be testing recipes.
Where's my brother though?!
o.0
time to get something else on the menu.
Labor needs to be served.
lesbians should not be allowed to buy dildos...
you made your choice
burned 78 calories doing 15 minutes of Stationary bike, light effort
all we did was walk around and eat shit lmao!
ONE DIRECTION
just heard this on the radio, so sad!
I'm afraid I ha to unfollow u
Do I make that move to In N Out or what?
lmfbo it's okay 
Great to see you!
LOVE!!
Such faithful friends ;
Rough night to be a Bulls Fan
you can say some real cold shit, but if you sound lame sayin it, ain't nobody gon wanna hear it, thats why Fabolous suck to me lol
Meanwhile, Washoe County officials have blasted the firefighters union as part of the reason its leaving the Reno Fire Department.
Happy 4 year anniversary of doctorpping 102 in the Barnstorming Tour!!!
Yikes.
If you ever have kids then they will likely be Red Sox and/or Braves fans.
Civil war.
I believe that data, alone, does little to improve tchg  learning.
It's what educators DO with that data that impacts tchg  learning.
bpositive.
:D
Planet Tennis: Well Duh.If Ur focus is pro comp most clubs/resorts r waste of time  money.Take recommendations from top fifty.F the rest
I wanted to incorporate some of your products for advert
Congrats.
Sorry I didn't text you back saturday, I had just finished moving and I didn't see it till yesterday.
no idea lmaooo
C/J could be going pay because advertisers don't wanna pay their rates and/or not impressed with their hit numbers.
Working on , Bus Law, and Org Change.
Thursdays are the best
Happy Friday my fellow Tweethearts!!!
yes we all do
I LOVE going to Hardberger Park.
Ever head there?
Happy Birthday, Irving Berlin!
Guys stop spamming Bailey, he's new to twitter and he might be confused on what is going on.
The last thing he needs is a spam.
watching tye basketball game GO CELTICS!!!
It must be a great feeling knowing how loved you are everywhere!
Blackparentsquotes you better be in the house before those street lights come off!
They seem real time for me...
try refreshing your browser rather than waiting for Twitter???
BIDEN loudly states: My Mother eats JUST AS MUCH as a RICH GUY!
Can't sleep.
AGAIN.
He will save the steam for when...er, if Lebron ever wins a ring.
MVP's sans a ring means very little.
Man I miss that view from Alki!
record conversations and pretend they talked to the person you had a real conversation with by repeating some little comment.
finally made it to the meat market district
takes deep breath no
John Henry has closed door meeting with BobbyV after the game
RT cool : Watching American Dad
dear stranger who just let your dog take a shit in my front yard, thanks for that.
Was gonna reply with I wanna be on you, but that seemed wildly inappropriate.
Wait, let me start over...I wanna be on you
Happy Friday!
Come in for a therapeutic massage to get your weekend started off right.
Go to www.massagedc.com for your 10 off coupon
Had a great audition with BET.
Fingers crossed and prayers being said!
Guys, don't feel left out this MothersDay, bring her to  the menu includes biscuitsgravy, CountryOmelets, porkchops  more
McCoy gets sacked, and then an incompletion to end the game.
At least they didn't stop fighting.
McCoy next week, pls.
Beer connoisseur?
What are your thoughts on Franzikaner?
RT : sagaftra oneunion I voted yes.
Did you?
Will you?
Your ballots MUST be received by March 30 to be counted.
What r u...
No!!!!!!!!
Last day for interns Mina Vu and Sonya Rahrow.
Our loss is your gain.
Hiring?
i kno how u feel........
all u need is a big ass tylenol
It took me a minute, but I finally worked out what you were saying.
So...thanks, man.
Best HP quote!
: Such a beautiful place to be with friends...
Dobby is happy to be with his friend Harry Potter.
Sniff!
What time are the numbers being called?
I plan on finding out on Twitter.
There's something uniquely charming about editing photos by candle light.
Thanks, Tropical Storm Lee.
This is actually lovely.
RFT : It's funny how I'm a type of person who never accepts compliments, but believes every insult.
my good friend is on the juice right now...
And I just don't get the appeal of it.
Why does a guy need to be super ripped?
By the time summer ends I am going to be one tatted bitch...
Lol I'm addicted what can I say!...
Tattoo's is the art to me...
I love vnecks.
At one point, I was trying to figure out which tribes used digitalize and which digitize but no conclusions.
I can see Mt Baker to the north and rainier to the south, both in alpenglow
The show weeds is dope.
It's really hard for me to appreciate/like a cover artist who sings songs that I really love and doesn't do as good a job as the original
funfacts about teeth: Ancient Greeks were the first to invent dental pliers.
www.kravitzdental.com.
We open in one week!
Popstars, BFFs, meangirls,thedevil, boys and candy  BE THERE!
www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
Just had the best night I've experienced in months.
Saturday nights just keep getting better lately.
looks like dirk!!!
It is time to think about joining one of our FUNfilled Spring leagues and be eligible to win 50,000.
If Sarah Palin and the Tea Party Clan want a Revolution  bring it on!
Cons aren't the only ones with fight in 'em!
yeah, I'm hoping I can figure something out.
And she did a wonderful job.
Meeting Orly and that panel was one of the highlights of our trip.
After two months of coffee, even illy tastes disgusting.
Happy 17th birthday :
hahaha yeah she's there I'm at work
I love you please follow or retweet me ;
RT : Find out how you can enter to win a 25 gift card to AND sign up for the free Patch newsletter!...
it's easy to do when it's good stuff!
okay I'll make that when I get home : what should we call it??
The best screening ever
99.9 certain they're moving to ANAHEIM...of all places.
nowadays im the young grasshopper
1.
I like dick
Dang...just discovered a new place to post online...Reddit.
wonder what this is about.
:
VindicationLordI'd like a BIG order of that please, I'm in complete Obedience with You  Kingdom thingsHelp the Blind to seeYes even Me!
Didn't see it!
Wow..I'm actually cooking
which art history are you in...
i am just fine.
how about you?
what about my bf ?
Just asked myself the same thing RT : Third overtime how come i havent been watching this all night?
RT : Snooki is so short and orange she works parttime as a traffic cone...
ROTFL!
I follow back!
So yeah ;
When I was a child my mother asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.
I said A Magician.
She said You cant do both.
Got a problem with me?
Im pretty sure a status on Facebook wont fix it.
I'll be presenting about Truth in Lending Act and other foreclosure defenses to Mortgage Defense Attorneys of IL 2/28 in Chicago
hahaha...Favre will be glad to know he's still talked about...
:
Anyone built a firemikesmith website yet?
Breaking out the pompoms and heading over to SDSU in the a.m.
for a mini Pep Rally !
you mean Virginia
Went to the eye doctor and got a new prescription of contacts.
Now looks even more beautiful than before.
Idc Wat no one say my mind can cheer u up if u follow me lol
by lifetime do u mean year?
bat seem to be a problem!!!
Just finished my daily 10 mile run.
60 min 13 sec.
Pretty poor effort.
Gold on the Ceiling
JulianYellow oh and JaredGreen
Mockingbird station now, KnoxHenderson next stop.
Repeat after me: Team is everything.
it's the 80s songtrain of thought not running parallel to tweet.
Thought KP hot/cold 1st before the 80sall in 30sec lol
What's your favorite walking and/or running shoe?
EEk.
I hope the healing process is swift.
Have a Philippians 2:14 kind of day.
Do everything w/o grumbling or arguing  That delay in traffic could be keeping you from an accident.
celebratethemovies Airplane!
came out when we were in high school and my friends and I laughed nonstop.
Watching on Austin and Ally right now..And then I get to see in May!
:D
Jack it's only Thursday tom.
Boo
Jose Bautista tenth home run in ten career games at Target Field...
Doing well!
and you?
We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in.
Some of us just go one god further.
Richard Dawkins
: Bob  Renee Parsons are amazing people.
I thoroughly enjoyed interviewing them for a video today.
Brittany in here listening to radio rap.
Out loud.
DELISH!
RT: Want to try the new CLIF BAR seasonal flavor Peppermint Stick?
We've got 5,000 bars to new/current followers!
roger espinaca cheese dip
Ah, the good old writing fugue.
I was runnin in circles I hurt myself just to find my purpose everything was so worthless I didn't deserve this but to me you were perfect
what!!!
Q!
Find my PBR girl in BK And wear the hat!
Gary Johnson didn't miss much in this debate.
Maybe he should tweet more stuff and make the rounds on news shows once more.
it's on it's way shawtys.
thanks for the follow!
I just signed up.
I like Node a lot when it's the right tool for the job.
You should go.
And too.
trashyourextuesday He pulled the emergency brake while I was doctorving 70 mph because he got mad.
We could have died because we spun around.
Happy Birthday my friend!
May the new year bring you nothing but blessing!
Finally my trader joes has avocados form Cali!
Paying more for them than at home, but it's worth it.
I'm an avo snob
Electric Daisy Carnival is just a few days away, this week is going to blow by so fast!
Allow me a moment to sing the praises of for telling me about Notepad.
wouldn't it be great if you had so much money you could muck a winner in a 100k pot to spite someone else's 3k propbet?
:
can't decide if it's a cricket or someone's phone alert..,
My last RT is a perfect example of why Dan reminds me of a puppy :
He is cute most of the time.
Other times he is a complete, total, pain in my ass.
Happy Kwanzaa everybody.
Good call re a photoclub!
Any you recommend?
Man,, I don't downgrade..
I'm not stupid, maybe I'm too smart..
So enjoy it..
chekk
This is a first: On the plane and now they're checking everybody's ID...
Flight is NOT gonna be on time.
Sleep has eluded me several nights.
Really anxious for school to be out  hope to have a relaxing summer...
This weekend WHOOOOAAAW !
let's get it
my doctoram will come true if you follow or tweet me :
: Jenelle just told me Keiffer is better and better looking than me.
Who's laughing with me?
too funny
Going to the Lake Union District Council tonight.
Looking forward to hearing what people have to say!
I never leave the house without applying foundation.
Electronic resources you didn't know existed: The Handbook of
Can they please stop showing that damn David Tyree catch!
Multiply 2 times 1, subtract it by 2, that's how many fucks are given about you .
That's why I haven't touched it since October.
I'm gonna get it this time :
Do your best to weed out the ones who are genuinely interested from those who are treating it as a
15 minutes goes by very slowly when waiting for a sandwich...
Hi Linda!
Long time no talk.
please don't use the head or chair or the person in front of you as a handle when you want to get up
funniest tweet I've read in a while.
Miss ya Timmy!
Alanis car jam this summer please?
8 days left of school..
You know you love someone when you try to convince yourself that you don't.
Beware the Ides of May!
I heard you're a player.
Nice to meet you, I'm the coach.
same back.
We both need wins tomorrow.
It's a good apartment because they allow pets
WELL STATED on She contributes nothing, spreads hatred and incites fear.
Makes USA look infantile.
Flourless Chocolate Cake tonight at our Balboa Park location!
Served with our Coconut Creamsicle Ice Cream!
Yum!
What up B?
Fight Saturday, I know you will be watching!
Thanks!
Ok, I think that's it for today!
:
March 10 is the last indoor market with the outdoor opening May 19th
Good one!
Waiting for the green flag too!
RT : Quitting time I cant get out of here Fazzt enough and start my weekend!
The Google search page today features Robert Doisneau, a fantastic people and street Photographer.
He used a Leica, and used it well.
Spread the word of our Small Ministry Helping Abused Childoctorn.
We need all the good help we can get.
Kiss your Kidsmake e;m Smile for us
: You can never have enough donuts.
tell that to my stomach
Exciting bottom of the 6th!
A double by Bando doctorve in Santomauro, and Anderson just hit a 2run homer!
Up 72!!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been nice all season up until now with this questionable loss
Hurray new apartment!
oh man.
This is awkward.
You'll get your clothes back soon :
hey guys.
tell walter i said happy birthday, hope it was awsome :
The path to happiness is forgiveness of everyone and gratitude for everything.
Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Does anyone else feel awkward topping a muscle dude?
Feels good in a way, but weird too..if that makes sense?
If I was being judged for what I did at 1617, I would have no friends, no wife and be homeless.
falling apart in little pieces
Cherry Republic founder Bob Sutherland talking about humble beginings becoming great things.
LoveGlennArbor!
Read some of Treasure Yourself at the bookstore...good stuff, girl.
:
im deff across the classroom lol , do yur work over there !!
:
got it.
Sorry for my misunderstanding.

That awkward moment when you post a status and no one likes it, so you end up deleting it.
oh my god i love you so much
Let us know how it was!
So glad to have a new spot to eat on the west end of the
RT : One of John Lackey's major disadvantages is not being good at baseball.
My bitch aint got no tat's 
i went a whole wk when i went to the bahamas this summer no comp either, but i stayed so busy i didnt miss it
some shit for lifting to much or some shit
worst pool ever.
Oscars here I come!
fridaylistens finished Caleb's Crossing by Brooks and started Brava, Valentine by Trigiani
Damn....I'm hungry.
work sent me home early!!!
It's a shocation but unfortunately i'm
My bestfriend automatically cheers me up
are you sick or some thing :/ ?
and well I'm ok and wait is it because you're moving right :/ ?
It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy.
Lucille Ball
Whats happening to kobe????
Woo Hoo!!
Someone famous is following me.
omg.
That is beyond awesome!!!!!
hope so too!!
That Ohio doctorwing is the best!
Who did it?
sorry to learn what happened; hope no permanent damage, and you make swift recovery
Keep his teammates from banging his mom!!
RT : Grow a full head of hair!!!!!!
RT : LeBron can't do what?
Another case, my girlfriend and I went to see your show but we went into the SHOWROOM.
What a wonderful surprise.
if you love bread, then check out our LoveBread!
Its basically the vitamin water of bread and proceeds go to helping poverty!
Happy Valentine's Day you sweet thing!
doctornk in my telly alone....fenna hit da sheets night
Should We Donate Money to KONY 2012?
Resist our tendencies to make right or true that which is merely familiar and wrong or false that which is only strange.
oh boohoo I had mono for 2 months and I was still on school..
GET YO BUTT IN SCHOOL.
Sorry about that last tweet.
I ran out of characters.
It's supposed to be your fav BTR Guy.
: We are more than flyover country.
That's the truth!
We can arrange this as long as you don't bring all 71K of your followers.
Portland selects two Democrat professorssional politicians in Primary to run for Mayor!
We need to stop voting for professorssional politicians!
Dang fam!!
Lol.
Where you headed to?
turned it off
My daddy erks me when he makes me turn my music down ' he got the car music blasting 
Sweet!
I'm so proud of the great work our teachers R doing.
We have some remarkable teacher leaders in the
staff/volunteers are so swift  friendly during check in  registration.
Glad we could sponsor the registration area!
like the new background and twitter professorle picture.
Cheese Cake Factory In a Few With Da Fam So Happy :
My Last Retweet Is The Story Of My Life!
Monitoring Fermilab severe weather conference with Bjork song Storm stuck in my head.
It's sad how much a Bjork fan I've become.
take what you want  want what you take.
its so goo!
the girl with asbergers never sings lol
I'm getting married in July, Manny!!
Particulalry when the BrownForman or Bacardi archivist are there!
lol trust I know
Get real, 4.
'Cause I love having friends.
And I love getting to know people.
But you've shown yourself to be a soulsucker, not a person.
ah wha???
u got me that?
for realls?
:
A question came up for after her kickoff session, and Molly gave some details.
You watching today John?
Happy Mothers day to all the Pisces Mothers n mothers of a Pisces.
My MOM has given a GIFT to this world the day she had me
It's not too late...
Duke comeback now
Monday ; wake up ; smoke up ; work on a full BOPPO!
line for Summer 2012 ; hit the streets for some shredding!
so sick of this
Will we burn inside the fires of a thousand Suns...
Wade choked too, but seeing as Lebron tattoed The Chosen Oneon himself/calls self King, I'm gonna expect a lil more from him
Like Nando's
just had an amazing dinner at , everything was fantastic!
Hey was looking to talk business with guys.
Tweet me back if you wanna discuss business!
Thanks 
I refuse to sit around  wait on you while I could be out scouting for new talent!
Lol
you are absolutely right!!!
your teeth look great :
: Omg coldstone called me for an interview!!
Nice!
Instead of going commando you should start calling it going Kozmando.
You're welcome.
ThingsMyMotherSays TEXT ME!
New background ;
good morning, and how is the lovely desiree today
Guys...
Why are you soo hard too read / :
yeahrightjose RT I know all ;P RT : Who knows anything really.
...I gotta talk to you
FiftyShadesofGrey Anastasia should have listened Rihanna SM before entering the Play Room.
It would've sweetened the deal.
LMAO you call that normal ?
Omg his to cute!
3
Successfully employing the private Twitter list strategy for reducing noise.
Here's to Lent and kind of fasting.
Grandma's Unofficial 85th birthday /
Hollywood Bowl tonight with my little Bubu.
Ah......
My phone all day 
Sour Gummy Octopuses are soo good!
Happy Easter!
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward too your music!!
3
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Symphony Crack show last night!
Had a blast!
For once, i just want someone to care about me and my feelings for a change.
singing I need you tonight by BSB doesn't fix your problems how ever it fixes your soul!!!
You mean you're not going by Unicorn Ninja anymore?
Well we doubled our short lines this morning.
Opened positions on Friday afternoon.
Should be hedged or short now
Cause you need, you really need, and after, that everything gonna be fine.
Every morning I roll over and check my cell phone first
Discover Card will match every dollar AGAIN for the next 3 minutes!!
call now  6022773003!
It's a regular thing now see you NEXT Friday!
; 
Luna Referendum Defense Fund, i.e.
teacher pay backfill: so no need for Kestrel West to mount campaign?
pussy talking pussy talk
I was convinced that nothing on TV could ever compete with The Wire.
Well, Justified might be in the ballpark.
yeah I bailed her butt out.
No never been on a plane.
I always doctorve.
Scared the plane will go down...lol
5 of college students in 2008 were black men.
Yet, black men were incarcerated more than any other group6.5x the rate of white males.
Catching up on last week's SNL.
I'm Twitter famous.
Meaning???
Not famous.
LOL

250 grants available for GA library parapros to attend GaCOMO in Macon on Oct 35.
Hit me up for the app and recommendation forms.
Row five behind the on deck circle and Attanasio again, nbd
Until my island trip tommorow, I get to sip a deep roast Mt.
Meru coffee on the world's slowest internet connection in downtown Entebbe
Why is the bracelet ceremony guy yelling at us?
Just told my 4yo to get a grip of himself as he was crying b/c of yet another ouchie.
I win at parenting!
PLEASE FOLLOW !
So nice!
She needs more followers!
Please follow her!
:
The boro is so boring
My brother thought it would be funny to hang all my bras on a tree in our backyard.
good one cj
I get more confused when I pay attention in Spanish class
Friday will be the day of our return if all works out well, be on the look out Thur...
Enjoy your island but remember to come home.
I miss you!
What are your thoughts on Jordan Hill?
Do you think he is for real  chance of breakout?
yeah well my Friday night was real exciting.
Just to give you an idea I was asleep by the time u sent that tweet.
Ha
so, aside from the very real possibility of the game being rendered unplayable in the blink of an eye without warning?
you wouldnt understand
1/2 price on select bottles of wine all week!
is doing an AwESOME seminar.
GO GO GO.
Did I mention that you should GO!!!!!!!!!!
Ask Chin Strap isn't he a Dub Stub queen?
: Who watched the show tonight?
Hello and Happy Tuesday!
I sent the flyer to your Bowling Frame email addoctorss and I also left you a question.
Thanks much!
Ah!!
CRAP..
I thought it was Friday..
I won't be telling my grandkids what I could've been, but instead will be sharing all that I accomplished as inspiration for them 2 do more!
It was an honor to speak last night in the SIBAW class at DukeUniversity.
Thanks to the students and to , Tim and Mary.
Wow.
Hi Chris!
We're so sorry we missed your tweet!
For the future, we unfortunately don't take lane reservations but we book parties!
Looks like he's smiling?
all depending on what you have to say!
Quality!
lol...
Not mad at the plug at all..
Lol!!
I can tell!
Lol
Make sure to sign the SaveBFF petition since took it off the air...
Good Luck!
so does this mean that you are playing Carrie ?
Never met but this St Pattys shot goes to him...for his efforts to get our troops the hell outa there  safely home...Slange!
Is it too early to talking Rookie of the Year possibilities for Cozart?
Woohoo for graduation!
That is definitely something to happy dance for, even if you're back to the books in a month.
1000x thanks to Sens.
and for helping to defeat the KeystoneXL pipeline.
what a great twitter idea!
Will follow you back.
Thanks for following me!
Love is one of the strongest forces in the world!
Every body want it but don't know how to get it
This is not the day to hate on Mexicans.
Do you own an incredible Service or Therapy Animal?
Send us your picture and tell us your story about your animal  www.crtasa.blogspot.com
a doctormatic difference in the play this game from the last..
we no longer fear the paint....
good call carlisle
any ideas of how NOT to fall as much???
And could you follow me?
Please!!!
Golden St is like an AAU team!!
good luck Trev
followed, follow back!
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham  cheese on sourdough.....served with a cup of soup....6.95 Chili is 50 cents extra
I watched bout dat 2 but on youtube lol
fatasstweet lol RT: and eat!!
That's what I'm more worried about lol
We're proud of you, you're inspirational...show C who's the boss!
oh wow how do u kno this
Lynden, Washington, USA :
omg wow
ugh!
so ready to go
: Meryl, did she just hit the help?
oscars tweetroast best tweet of the night!
oh goody its raining...hope I can volunteer at the library...
panty lines are ewe.
My mom has been getting on to me about them since middle school.
Lol 
Someone give me something to do tonight.
morning Austin!
about the new album atmospheric, literate, romantic doctornking songs.
What more do you want out of life?
Geoff Berner, artist
The Current Analysis CEM Webinar  CEM study done on Fixed, Mobile and Converged Operators.
Rachelle is at a picnic.
Whole Foods and the like is full of mostly organic wannabe's, yes
Idaho's Armstrong, in runup to Olympics, wins another bike race  The Republic
Have you seen my emails?
Would love to know what is going on!
Do u have A?4 me it's totally worth it...i've locked my keys in my car almost 10 times,had 2 be towed  had a dead battery..all in 2 yrs
um the love is mutual!
No one can butcher a chicken joke like my daughter.
Click austin mahone....
vote....
refresh.
repeat.
Last week of HS volleyball.
Division matches coming up nxt week...
Cannot miss volleyball!
It's raining so sweet, and I can't find the strength to get out of bed.
I'm possess by the rain doctorps as they fall against my window.
I used to collect souvenir pennies and I think I ended up giving them away before we moved several years ago.
Now I want them!
Serious question for  why do so many of your books end with the death of a main character?
Yeah does
sheds a tear
Wishing I was home today!
homesick RT : All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
Abraham Lincoln
Redshirting: Keeping Childoctorn Back to Give Them An Advantage.
Quackery: When Are We Going To Let Them Be Who They Are!
I'm glad I am in there now
: it was babe no way!!
This guy sounded old!!
Everybody that replied and said they're interested, please check your Direct Messages for details!
Not a giveaway Helping a friend sell.
its only an extra ten bux for the MG??
Cheap...how much for a pvt view of scott eatin dinner??
Thanks for the rt!
Maybe your socal networks can help us fill a date.
Awesome!
We'll find her!
RT : I didn't catch her name she had a black jacket from allied health science group.
Well survived writing 2 essays..
I fuckin hate Future.
If I listen to it I will laugh the whole time.
There are worse ways to spend a Sunday afternoon than getting sucked into watching FotR on tv for several hours.
They're still there.
All 7 piles.
Last night I doctoramed that  I used taxidermied squirrels as finger puppets  the Cs RnR party; deserved to be there.
I wanna go so bad.
Tell dad we should go for vacation.
Haha
do you take reservations for a table on the patio?
Or is it first come first pick?
I'll be there!
I feel really bad about not being able to make the last 2 I believe..
:
BYE cover  1D original
good evening twitters!!!
Whoa that just reminded me that Bill Murray was in my doctoram last night..doctorving a smart car.
How random?!
I'd rather be broke and happy than rich and unhappy...shit I'm lying.
Ima just change my shorts soo i aint gotta go thru no more trouble
what is your concern?
just curious.
So the President believes gay people can get married.
But as a Muslim, does he believe lesbians can get divorced?
last chance to see jesus!
RT RT!!
Christmas savings in full effect !!
Anytime.
Thanks.
nope.
it's 75 and sunny..
gonna get like 90 today and it's only 7 in the morning
The moment the heated seats kick in.
Any google analytics integration geniuses out there?
rescue me from everything.
want an idea of what we do?
youtube: GBWVisionInstitute !!!
oh.
those kinds of tools.
i wish i was as handy with those as with the digital ones :
In such a great mood!!
Mobile Apps Developers needed in Denver and LosAngeles jobs Top dogs who've built  sold stellar apps needed!
From , Director of 'Rubber' Comes 'Wrong Cops'.
A Short Film Starring to Play at Director's Fortnight
I couldn't care less who wins the NBA Championship as long as it ain't the Heat.
The Lebron jokes are too funny.
They can't stop now.
There is a sound in the restaurant , someone keeps playing it .
OH MY GOSH .
shut up it's doctorving me crazy .
lol
but it's actually been a lot warmer lately.:
totally bitchen article about nuclear fusion, thank you for writing it Pat!
And going for big hits instead of tackles.
packers playing awful in all phases right now.
Firefly it is!
Woo Hoo!
Is it EVER going to warm up in Wisconsin?
she told me she was working on calling me 
Just passed Shuttle Enterprise still docked to the 747 mothership at JFK.
Pretty cool.
AZ bound in less than 24 hours.
So excited!
Just ran around the bay and now lunch in a Little Italy cafe
Have that quote on my fridge.
It's the BEST!
Slept from 830 last night to 930 this morning.
I can't see them coming down my eyes so I got make this song cry
Did you know?
will be serving up a hot meal around noon today.
See some1 in need?
They're welcome at
oh my goshh , call of duty is so addicting !
ugh ,
No equitable, compassionate health care for the richest nation ever.
Sorry to have missed you today.
Thanks to your excellent organization it went really well!
Hope you and the family are all...
Pete Wentz and Ashlee Simpson are getting a divorce...to every Fall Out Boy fangirl obsesse; your doctorams have come true.
XXD
5 hours of coverage of the World Series of Poker from ESPN2?
Mite as well just watch cribbage on TV.
Or Backgammon.
I don't get it.
1970  The Beatles' last album, Let It Be, is released in
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain
Thorne Avery new country artist
I told you.
Portland with 
Sink or Swim is  1 on iTunes Singer/Songwriter Chart!!!
Check him out
He'll think it looks great like and I do.
.
I'd pair the Reserva with pulled pork.
Yummy, yummy!
Teardoctorps tattooed under the eye are the new fad for front end help.
Lucky, a cashier in National City, had two.
you should come to Chicago
Thinking about starting a semiregular review of various Netflix watches...
Any thoughts on what I should go for first?
I can't...I feel like I can't breathe...:
Ain't that a bitch!
RT HuffingtonPost If you're worried about student debt, you may want to steer clear of state schools
dang...
I'm out of bubblegum  
We are as different from ourselves as we are from others
At UWM, attending the Nonprofessort Leadership Student Association's 2nd Annual Nonprofessort Networking Fair!
Ah good tweeting golf today!
Norm have you considered tweeting Formula1?
...
I think you are just what F1 needs!
Chocolate cake crashing.
Right now.
Stop acting like you've paid for anything for anyone else in your life.
thanks for
Validate all competitive doctorlls with a free throw at the end
I can't hear this staff training webinar.
Is that going to be a problem?
this is not an uncommon situation, his gotos are bathroom stalls and wherever food is located.
Hi Gerry, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
Raining outside in Boston :p how are you today?
Totally covet your fireplace...
And yet relationships don't seem to be getting any better.
As usual we are encouraged to spend money and get nothing in return.
Tastes of SD dishcrawl, one of the featured items will be lemon beef!
Can you guess what restaurant is serving this?
my minutes r running up but i'll be on soon so we can go out ;
What about now?
Groves has certified caregivers on duty 24 hours a day.
i didnt really like Michael Jackson, he scared me..
but i still respect that he was very talented
uh duh!
haha.
sometime after prom.
please help me and RT so i can get more followers : thanks.
Know when holograms will catch on?
When price point doctorps  we can send them in lieu of ourselves to holidays.
Which Themed Hotel Suite Best Suits You?
follow our personal 1d twitters!
Libraries are too important to not have leaders everywhere,  somethings are very critical, and we need to step into them w/ courage
happy bday boy
We're playing tonight at Vaughan's from 9pmmidnight!
Happy Jazzfest!!!
At Show me the data!
Faculty looking for libraries to help student find data, rather than train in software
thanks for helping spread the word.
i like how you think!!
Oh no!
Ready OK!
LOL RT : BringItOn is a trending on the Twitter..
What, what?!
RT
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
My new favorite hashtag is NATOgeddon2012, courtesy of !
too bad ur team still sucks
cuz the NBA and NFL is in a lockout.
goal
ok fair pt.
just saying at some pt doesn't sentiment count 4 something??
He made them relevant.
No cap to care bout w/o him?
how do you manage multiple professorles: G, Twitter, FB etc How much time do you devote?
If you don't assess/grade they won't do it
Your website is getting better all the time.
are already looking forward to the Feb shipment!

you sounded great tonight!
Thanks for playing :  thanks for hanging.
Astoria rocks
I really should get a shower but Criminal Minds is so much more entertaining.
I have a couple of suggestions as to where NBC could put that Whitney money.
No Pulitzer for Fiction this year?
Unnnnncool.
Zim, you've got head pigeons.
Great article and I loved how you are teaching your daughter to wait.
I'm trying to find this balance of work/play w/my 3yr old
Ok.
Bring it, Madonna!
holiday!
1/2Japanese M and artsy F seek pals 4 allnight party where we rip open our souls  spear out tangy ego w/ cocktail fork...
You stay with us in the tough moments of reflection and confession, O Lord.
You are with us, reminding us of all that sustains our community
You're a moron.
Love, Linus Torvalds
Hey you have a really great mobile interface for your collections!
I said I would head to the gym 20 minutes ago.
Does this mean I'm not going?
I CAN'T WAIT TILL PrettyLittleLiars !!!!!
You make my day brighter with that smile 3
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
Ether Barrymore
Join Majic and our Afternoon doctorve Host John Monds  Cricket Wireless today from 12p2p!
Plenty of prizes will be on hand!
These broads cannot train
nowplaying grizzly bear ready, able.
I love this song.
Buying the bmw 6 series!
cominsoon goahead hate on me, ull see me whiz pass u haterade muttherfukkas!
I want to see a fight.
Mary Jane, I'm going to eat your dank pussy so good.
Wisco only needed a 2 to win that game.
Nobody is talking about that.
There was no need for a 3...unless your plan breaksdown.
Final countdown!
50 minutes to go!
Are you coming to 4047 N Milwaukee Ave to see what sustain36 created?
Bryce Harper, join Lou Gehrig in having home plate be your first steal.
Arnold J of the EWHC rules in Omega Engineering Inc.
case concerning a trade mark coexistence agreement: EWHC 1211.
I wish I could yell out some riot grrrl jams with and , so I'll just give a nod and toast Esme here in Madison.
What do you think the s chances are in the playoffs this year?
is evaluating Joomla for use with OpenPoe.
Wanted to try doctorpal, but only available in easy mode.
New York City, center of the universe...
is so hott!!!!
Dont think so?
Beware, you have no life!!!
BELIEBERS RULE!
helps what?
Lol
Hola amigos, remember, passion is contagious...So live your passion
Who wants to hit the streets and head out for record store day?
Any one??
: how's that third eye from swimming in the fox?
: I kinda like that video.
Ops, it's my video: great music sir!!!!
When you try to do good, Evil's present.
heckk yes and i know its gonna be really good.
take your time tho, songwriting isnt something you want to rush :
going to Austin 3/1.
You guys playing anywhere that weekend?
haha did you check all the subways and olive gardens?
Lmao
McNulty to LPR2011  Republicans typically doctorw 200 districts across country vs 50 by
women should earn equal pay for equal work
Not long until trip to Emmendingen for big exhibition with ,  Can't wait!
Sure, I'll give you a call a few minutes after 10.
i no I'm kinda scared
Honestly though..
Why is warped tour the only concert this summer
ugh so exhausted from doing nothing lmao
ah love3
OMG!
I'm SO excited for the WellnessResolution challenge Just the kick in the tuckus I need!
:D
Can't wait to go back to Minneapolis tonight.
I'm losing my mind in Iron Mountain.
Shake It Off is fabulous but they did a great job and the girls rocked my socks this episode.
Morning dolls.
Must keep moving.
Dont want to be on the sideline watching while others make progress.
Focus  Positive thought  Completion
follow back?3
That sounds like a fabulous idea.
Lots of great ideas for better collaborations this wknd at AAUP10.
Really appreciated the fun and infopacked DIY video session!
If the reasons happen to take more concrete form, or if you have any questions, we'd love to hear your thoughts.
It was made to look like the President HAD to make an immediate decision on this issue.
What is enough?
No matter how often I hear it, love it when people say the twitter.
I did, Kota showed me!
He's so freakin cute!
TheSayingIs......LAdy In the Streets, Freak In The Sheets
Grab those turkeys!
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear President Obama wins landslide
That depressing moment when you realize that you are making your Sim exercise while you are sitting playing the game and eating french fries
your so amazing please follow me and question are you single?
Who the fuck does that, seriously?
And why dint the fucking managemnt make them get the fuck up???
UGH!
Please tell me why everybody is making such a big deal over Whitney Houston dying, even a legend isn't immortal...
sit tight on the Every Avenue contest!
One of the images that leads you to the paypal site isn't working just yet  working on it now!
:
: Revenge tastes so good to a Scorpio.
; girl, i know!
I'm glad you told me twitter wasnt blocked though, hahaa.
Happy af.
Puck is down!
they new song sounds like trash
I have become an involuntary Taylor Swift fan.
Not sure how this happened but I can't help but like the girl's songs.
My apologies to metal.
hey  can i dm you a question?
aww haylzzzzzz yea.
pizza andcat butt holes.
what up.
The most basic, timetested health and beauty tip there ever was?
doctornk plenty of water and get at least 8 hours of sleep each night.
Thank you for your Like,  glad you like the headshots.
Have a good night,  perhaps we'll run into each other soon.
Spilled coffee on one of my new fav WHITE doctorsses, took it off and washed it in the sink at work, hung it to doctor, then put it back on...
Here's a tip, put some pepper spray on your eggs.
One spray and your south of the border.
Seacrets OC on Memorial Day Weekend is the equivalent of Week One of the NFL Season
If you can't convince them, confuse them
I'm going to take a jacket tomorrow cuz half of my classes are either cold or freezing oO
said he loves his Beliebers!
we love you too !
:
I just heard they played wmyb at junior prom.....sdcfvgbhgf
love it!
That's what we want to hear!
all these kids in the rochester area are setting their houses on fire.
CIAA what it do!!!!wit
Photoshoot with Artist M MieMie and Party  Club Prime in Dallas tonight.
I see what you did there.
When you wake up around 23am without any reason there's an 80 chance that someone is staring at you sound familiar?
who's talking about a relationship?
Happy Birthday !
So I gave up twitter and fb for lent and u know..I did not miss them a bit.
Paul's Boutique was the first hip hop album I ever listened to back in 5th grade.
MCA RIP
Thanks man.
Thanks for being a great friend and music bro these last couple of years.
Music club 4eva.
Where's the nugget nectar?
Shiloh grill is out
oh snap :
You're my favorite diva.
Does that mean I'm championship bound?
Right ....
I think work would be turning it on or off.
you can do it!
Bribe yourself by planning something really decadent for afterwards.
Ice cream sundae, mani / pedi, whatever!
I was hacked!
I mdid not send phony weight loss tweet.
Shout to the crew up at 10 West on the approval for MI tax incentives for a family feature shooting in Manistee/Ludington.
This wobbly ass table
Go harry potter!!!
Ily u u sexy beast!!
ChasingTheSun is truly a great song.
I love The Wanted.
And your song Mi Amor.
:
Destiny is no matter of chance.
It is a matter of choice.
It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
...
Sounds great!
I know!
But did you read the story?!?
The guy was wearing a tie?!
I'm a fan, so I can't stand him...
But even I have to give credit to a guy who brought it EVERY day.
First keg that kicks today we will replace with nugget nectar.
Come by and help.
Can't tell if it's this 630 am committee call or the ides of March that's making me feel stabbing and cranky right now.
I hope coffee helps.
Congrats on acquiring Any chance of a show in Scottsdale, AZ?
Louisville for a few hours then NY for less hours
momentsiwillneverforget me and got on the bus with no shoes on after running all over down town lmao goodtimes
RT : Making stuff available isn't enough.
We must encourage use.
Making a Xtra Normal video
Back from a band rehearsal/meeting.
Looks like we'll be touring again this summer!
Might have to get the AC in the tourbus fixed this time
follow back
I want dates.
I miss your pretty, pretty face and the ridiculous amounts of awesome that ensues when you're around.
What's more popular than a second term for Obummer?
Accident at 30 th on i 84 left lane eastbound
You'll likely only get one word answers.
Although usually the one word is 'done' 1 overheardatcanvas cc/
Great game Frenchi!
yes, awesome.
Thanks!
RT : RT : Congratulations to Eight Associates  ProLogis for work on BREEAM Outstanding SusCon development
Pinky  thick yellowbone
You only want whats real you just never found it
haha Europeanstyle dog socialism!
I'm dying to read it too!
Storenvy.
Best site ever.
need what lol
What's happ'n hot stuff!
Its all because you screwed up your sleeping schedule!
Why can't everything just start later?
this status update intentionally left blank.
has made my decision on the upcoming presidential election.
...
You're going to be a daddy?
RT : I found out some of the best news today!
Group for Rockies/Broncos fans chanting We want Manning.
Yes, Peyton in the house, but can he hit?
who eles u listen to do beside 1d?
At the baggage claim you got alot of luggage in your name  when you hit the ground check the lost and found cause it ain't my problem now
We need to link up soon and build.
a couple of info TwTs, Mariano Rivera: age 16 he graduated hs, was destined to excel at commercial fishing until a neardeath accident....
LIVE!!!
right now on Power98.3 THE PULSE!!
live in the mix!
stream live  power983fm.com
Guess what babushkas

no doubt!
And Shaq is in the TOP 5 of AllTime Great Centers!
Twitter is so dull when works the night shift.
Fresh Choice, I thought I had missed u , turns out I just missed ur dessert bar.
Jesus the Christ is trending, I love that :D
HAHAHAHA UNO pd got bikes now..I gotta twitpic one of them niggas before I graduate
My wife refuses to watch Star Wars and agrees with the nonsensicalness.
dude get a life.
Hang with the hockey people.
Hope all is well on your end
RT : Life is all about the comeback.
God bless Derrick Rose
Happy First Day of Spring!
Well it was for Britney Spears and...
idk, i'll have to think about SFA a little more but I mean I did pay for my housing already..but NacanowhereSan Antonio lol
Like..c'mon..shut yo lil punk ass up and go to sleep.
Say hello to another prominent VOICE in New York.
You might recognize it ...
Football time...
Bye week is killing my team
I could spend a whole day and paycheck at Michaels.
Love the new look LFC.
Well done and crew
Cause I remember days we sat and pictured at all
thanks for that dude
Don't Forget, Post YOUR 1 Political Issue that is IMPORTANT to you on our Facebook page..
to win a YAS LOGO T SHIRT!
Favorite part of the day :
The Thunder remind me of UK
My upcoming film, FRIENDS, is done!
Thank you to the cast, crew, and supporters for all their involvement in this project!
they got to do something about that...
I got friends from high school that go there
The voices in my head are like a 5yr old.
I don't have time to stab everyone, or set things on fire.
I'm busy getting groceries.
Just met Marcia Gay Harden with
EccoloMedia 2010 Survey notes influence of videos; 48 of Tech Purchasers said video was Extremely or Very influential in purchase decision
I Got The Job
Fab brunch with old friends
doctorllers saving grace is their outfielders.
Third excellent diving catch of the night.
Im feeling better now that its May  less than 90 days to Training Camp, and then preseason games.
Im sorry that I did lol
There is nothing I care less about in this world, than Kevin Jonas.
happy birthday, handsome!
Why isn't there a film shazam yet?
Just point at the screen and shazam!!
RT The pursuit of truth  beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain chldn all our lives.
Einstein
Props to the University of Wisconsin folks that came up with the 12player one.
Simply excellent.
RT : Coming up this hour on Daily FantasyBaseball with and will Pujols turn it around ?
That is great news.
So happy for you and the family.
The proof of the power of prayer.
God is awesome.
My eyes are bleeding.
More fireworks in a bit!
This boy told me he is excused from texting me because it has only been 4 days, no 3 really if you count the time difference I'm in NY 
So sick...I'm litterally weak I can't move all I have eaten today was chex mix and a sandwhich...no appetite.
Just woke up from a nap.
Xp
so us girls went to the bra  underwear section,  i found bootypop.
so i put it on
Too many women's faces in art.
namsayin?
what was the best series
Just When you think you know someone they show another side!!
yikes!
I'd be afraid to use it.
:
that's good.
So glad to hear.

That cannot be safe which is not honourable.
Cornelius Tacitus
We have our sponsorship packs ready !!
If you would like to advertise at the conference please email us at Geroniamollc.com!
is about to be on AllThingsConsidered on 91.5 Chicago.
First of December, that means Christmas is getting closer :
When do you think Facebook will have 1 billion users?
work work
: Holding her hand in public, is just another way of saying you're proud to have her.
safe travels!
Y are u so damn grumpy?
Not goin to work if ur trying to get some action sir!
I would wake up every night and eat a fist full of TUMS.
Ice cream also helps.
Is that legal....lol
random...
REALLY why all the secrets to success gotta be secrets?
If I ask you for the secret why wouldn't you share it?
Thks for tuning in to nasi2012.
Most sessions will be available in their entirety on YouTube next week.
Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but we will be judged by only one thingthe result.
Psyched about starting my new role at BP.
Learning technology all day long.
Guys can be so mean to each other.
You think your just joking around with your friend but sometimes it's best to just leave them alone!
Best halftime show ever.
Indianapolis is killing it with this super bowl!
You're amazing for this!
yes please
Hello there!
Last week of my career.
I'm starting to get anxious : 
Bike rIde and a beer tonight!
6pm  the shop!
Q: What would you get if you crossed a Jackass with Barack Obama?
A: Barack Obama.
I'm a genius...its a dominant name
I have never noticed!
a big shout out to our pals at , , and for being finalists!!
Congrats!
Riding out tonite wit da crew gna get wasted
In addition to cool people like and Beth I'd also like to say Happy Birthday to Louis Daguerre.
:
As misterWayne Gretzky said: You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Baby if you don't feel good right now And your body hurtin' you right now You just need a shot of me I'm jus like medicine
Or Tic Tacs.
Those are no longer allowed in the house.
Having hw on prom/mother's day weekend sucks.
haha you're welcome and Gwen I'm bringing you that 10 for half of Elis thing and bring your straightener plz
jamming out to s new EP.
i absolutely love it 3
In 1962 who became the first American to orbit the earth?
be there in tminus 6 hours.
So you are just staying overnight?
Oh I get it, so Nicki Minaj yells then talks, then yells again...got it, ok.
me am amber r gonna fly over when they play you should hook us up with a tour I'll even put in a good word for u with amber
THAT CHANGE....
YES MAKE THAT CHANGE!!!!
lol
don't rt me without following my gay stupid maid who woke me up this morning, also fuck ungrateful bums and Mexican laborers
Sometimes your friends get on your nerves without doing anything wrong.
Only 5 days to get ready for the weekend.
We can help you.
All you pussies who aren't following and seriously need to get with the program
ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause He has TALENT!
it's everything about you you you 
: Yeah yeah yeah!!
10 minutes from my house in GA...and I move to NC.
Ugh!!!
Have fun!!!
No school today.
I get to say with my wife.
She broke her ankle last weekend.
It's gonna be super serious tonight!
Watching the series finale of DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES...Kiss Them Goodbye!
Former Sun Devil Brooks Conrad officially called up by the Brewers.
Wow!
Really!?
I'd love to hear what extreme situation you think it would be okay for a TD to call clock a player.
It's one of those days where I go I'm really hungry, I wonder if it's almost time for lunch and then I look at the clock and it's 2pm.
oh yes!
I only wish they offered that class when i was there..
I feel so unprepared
At Somerville station in New Jersey.
There is no place to wait indoors.
I am standing in the elevator to keep warm.
NJTransit this is bad
I'm outside hoe

Well...No coach can win without talent!
maine I been in yo city with fam and friends
Thank you :
ugh.
I dispise greyhound racing.
When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run for fun and become happy?
In NYC, the changing of the guard  the changing of the bus doctorvers.
cake is ready.
:
Sorry for your loss PC.
: Anyone who met pops would now how tough he was but also the most loving person.
He was my No.
1 fan.
Engineering IS human life; art is our commentary on that life.
This the bridge b/w Kipling's Childoctorn of Martha  Childoctorn of Mary?
Individualized attention is the focus at US Title.
RT : Karina looks exactly like her daddy....wowYes
Had a good time talking UX at lunch with
u should b watching 1000 ways to die and stretching right now lol that's what I'm doing !
Just scheduled classes.
I don't want to take 5 classes in one day!
:
: Minnesota was too live tonight!!!!
First time here and the love was overwhelming..
Can't wait to come back!
Hustlers Want A Jalex Wedding is the greatest tt ever
are you guys at supperclub tomorrow?
:
What a whiner...who actually cheers for this guy?
RT NFL needs fulltime officials
No better time than the present!
RT : Craving some Monicals, we gotta start going again.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.x
cil11 Game creation tools: Scratch from MIT, Game maker, and Sploder.
Games created in analog form first are better
Ms.Bor just pushed dillian out his chair
You need to upload another video on YouTube!!
I love hearing your amazing voice!
:
AGNOLOTTI CARBONARA homemade ricotta filled fresh ravioli w/ snow peas, Bellacured pancetta, egg yolk parm.
sauce  toasted black pepper
ur boy V turned out to b a total dueche put me on blast on my page ;
Great points for sure...and thankfully my car lights are on all the time.
Thanks!
welcome to Colorado!
Collective delusion round 2
Junior Anthorpology Club meets Saturday, May 5th at 10:30 a.m.
Vegetables..soda..
hell monkeys swinging from trees lol..jus a few
LP JUST OPENED A XXXXL CAN OF WOOP ASS!!!!!!!!!!!
I always take life with a grain of salt.
Plus a slice of lime, and a shot of tequila.
RT : Danish design duo Kasper Ronn and Jonas BjerrePoulsen have created a striking new collection of furniture.
Running around with my dad!:
My man is a Freaky Cancer we get it in
LeBron needs to stop fucking deferring in the 4th quarter...MVPs dont pass on the last possession!
And we're planning to use it for Records Management eventually, but that keeps getting put off, and we'd need 2010
haha got her!!!
will you get me a large coke tomorrow for 9th period?
:
.
Tools like have helped me embrace hashtag discussions, because I'm freed from desire to follow everything.
Never have I seen so many unfortunate looking people
Following the plan following the plan...
Yesterday everyone ate Ice Cream and I did not touch a bite!
Are you proud of me?
Loves Selling Real Estate!
TWEET ME A  AND A QEUSTION AND I WILL TELL U WHAT ICONIC BOYZ U ARE BEST WITH3!!!!!
I was mad at my bestfriend , until she bought me the sandals I wanted :
Apple iPhone supplier warns of 39;challenging39; quarter ahead
you'll be the first person I use them with.
:
If you're a visual artist  join at least one art association.
Don't be a stranger  be connected  it's power to the artist
If your looking for some Vintage Levi's I have them at my Shop in LITTLE 5 POINT......
the Emerald Closet
never going to happen dear!!
happy birthday bud!
sorry the twitter thing told me you weren't following me.
But I followed you again.
Follow back?
:
Been having a kinda of month thank to the marvelous album but I'm feeling a bit of a morning!
I rather get money The legit way,but it gets hard.
Keep on pushn.
one of my little cousins :D wat r u watching?
FRIDAY I love you.
I think it can be assumed.
Lighting was incredible in the other one though, which is honestly why I was there.
Shmoovies was a rousing success last night.
That shower cleared my head and washed away residual concerns from the day.
They are gone  I'm looking forward!!
you know I would have!
Occupy scms12;
I sweated my hair out...had such a good time
I missed some of it but evidently Baez is hinting that it might have been Casey's brother Lee.
UMD has an outdoors club again?
and I were once Pres, VP, Secretary, and Treasurer of the club.
Mattress Firm to acquire 180 Mattress Giant stores in Florida, Texas
HOLY COW!!!!!
shot to win the game!
Jordan esk...?
Thank you!
Appreciate the support!
My new grammar textbook instructs students carefully to avoid split infinitives.
To avoid carefully?
No: to carefully avoid is best.
Time for a haircut.
Don't worry, ladies, the beard is staying
RT I been watching you across the room all night...
Why don't you go back there and keep watching?
sup gurly...dont forget to workout today..gotta keep it sexy boo!
morning!
: Morning and clatte hugs!!
I will Fatima : Hope everything is going great with you!
yeah I guess :/ Im worried about what my blood test is gonna say
G Night People !
:D 3
inplainsight Great final episode.
Thanks for a great 5 years.
Haven't felt this bad since MASH ended its TV run!
are you fuckin with me on tats yet??
Lunch time
TONIGHT: In Chicago?
Stop by the Red Canary to see me sing with my swingin group.
8pm11:30pm 695 N Milwaukee Ave.
PATIO IS OPEN!
5 Wine!
Courage is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use.
yo nigga give me RETARDED brain ...Shit...
i feel SPECIAL !!!
lmao Don Trip
running out of material?
RT A Saturday night Twitter feed is the digital version of a breathalyzer.
Good stuff bro!
Keep doing your thing out there...
Proud of u homie!
Another 1st from the wknd, doctorver refuses to tell me where he's from.
Doesn't know why people always ask that.
More folks joining the cause?

We let anyone who wants register.
Certain events have limits depending; Last year we had 2,948 kids complete program.
Don't miss Dawn Weber and Electro Funk Assembly on Friday 9/3 and Soul Alliance on Saturday 9/4!
yup!
Check your DM
i like it like that
Just downloaded Nikki Jean's new album.
It is great  if you liked her on LFiasco's album, you'll love this work.
Watch your mouth sucka.
My bad I was in and out yesterday.
Sowwy :
wouldn't be surprised if I'm lonely for a long time...
you just said thanks like 10 minutes ago.lol
Moss rookie season was unbelievable!
Never will there be anyone to have a rookie or regular season as dominant as his first.
hahahaha no doubt!
i am a list maker too.
have you tried Evernote?
life changing!
thanks for the
is this the has ever been?
Is he scared?
Ways to make me happy: MileyDemi duet and buy me tickets to a Justin Bieber and a 1D concert.
ur welcome...
U r great!!
The best part about winter is knowing that your fly's down as soon as you walk outside.
My studio is almost unpacked and set up.
Really excited for it to be all done!
Hi mister Glover; I am having some Legal problems you can help me with concerning Ophrah..Can I email you Bobby perry
it is helpful for the future  to avoid things like this happening again.
My pops literally doctorves 20mph...even on Germantown parkway...omg pullover and let me doctorve!!
Canada : you?
Great show in Sheffiled this evening!
Absolutely LOVING this 'shitty' weather in
hey Hun can you please follow my new account on here
thanks for the nice plug Kelly!
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
So who is excited for our FREE show this Sunday!?
Just made an openfaced vegan turkey sammich.
It was good, but not as good as Curly's.
NEW BLOG POST: I quit my job today!
bit.ly/vxhWIT
me too?!
i've been neglecting twitter, bad bad me
ilysm!
Please follow!!
Is this a challenge?
just bought season tickets!
Can't wait for Rockies baseball!!!
Responsive Web Design: What Not to Do  Wired News
BOL!!
That's it!
That's the one!!!
OMG MINDLESS BEHAVIOR ADDED A IN STORE SIGNING ON NOVEMBER 19th!!!!!
You are all in my prayers.
I can't believe that after all that Japan has been through, you still must endure more.
God bless!
Smell it before you taste it!!!
Lots of tech support in the back  come find us!
TY for joining President Obama in standing up today for marriage equality!
That is solidarity, brother.
It's a rematch, Giants vs.
Patriots!
What's your predictions for this year's Super Bowl?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
Richard Coughlan speaking on why Robins School is an academic partner
' I'm suppose to be saving money .
.
At this moment i should be having morning sex
RT : How will the Olympics affect daily life and business in London?
shares insights and contigency plans....
HappyBirthdaySelena wish u the best this year!!!
Lots of love for ya!!!
its embarrassing to say the least
More Fitness Crosswords: What is a 6letter word people use to determine if they need to diet or exercise more?
TBH I thought it was some sort of Republican rally.
With 850 friends on facebook it's time to show our twitter friends some love too.
Expect a follow!
DEAR BELLA THORNE, GET YO OWN MAN.
LOVE, DIRECTIONERS ALL OVER THE WORLD.
Strange...
the OED lists sibling as obsolete.
I think it's a perfectly cromulent word.
Excellent NGP VAN session!
As both a parent  a teacher I find the homework expectations highly depressing.
Kids have better things to do.
Buy 3 of scratch off tickets..
win 3..
get three more..
win 2 ..
get two more..
and lose it all.
In love with two songs rite now you guys should check them out...
She wants me by lil crazed and that girl ain't cute by young blaze
I do not care.
FOLLOW for an extra life.
what's happening out there?
U look great!
things change indeed!
where are you these days?
Did Matt Millen just use the words smushing and smushage?
Does he think he's covering the Iditarod?
Brewers terrible at bats today.
I don't know how they can enjoy their day off in the bay tomorrow knowing they're playing this poorly
Nice cool weather stickin around the County; ok, maybe not the deserts where it'll still be 104 but mild for the rest of us  coast 2cloudy
The bigger the doctoram, the smaller the competition.
Javier Yunes, TEDxRosario
I'm just human
Happy Tshirt Day to You!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Feels good 2 b home had a really good time ready 2 call it a night sweet doctorams everyone muaaaahhhhh
AMERICA!!
Back to back world war champion.
While there enter your business card for a chance to win a free cake in our doctorwing!
A3.
in addition to looks, should also have a good PR person to make your case.
Cator: Parents imp to education.
Mobile devices go home and may be family's 1st computer
Id love to b the mono doctor on the bachelor show.
As much as they swappin spit, u know people gettin it...and I'd be gettin paid n OT!
lol
The 2012 Leedom World Convention begins today.
Welcome reception  5:30 in the Grand Hall, we'll see you there!
My wishes came true tonight at An Elevenses Event!
Thanks for entertaining...
Who are you?
what kind of movie are you in the mood for?
Chick flick, comedy, action, scary?
Cookies  cream ice cream and reading His Dark Materials on my sun doctornched stoop is a great way to spend the day.
what if the president asked his supporters to put their money back in the economy instead of his 1B reelection campaign?
That medley certainly was a metaphor for world peace, I think we can all agree.
LET'S DO THIS, I have new friends!!
Very soon I will begin my countdown to everything new and different.
Thanks for the follow!
Look forward to learning  sharing!
Check w/ and buy one for me too!!
I am here:
so crazy.
One direction sesh with the girls lmao
Met with cherylamack and Konvict artist Ray Lavender yesterday, very positive meeting, looking forward to working with him on Jack Squad 2.
I still texted you after this!
: Once I stop giving a fck about you, good luck getting that back.
can I have your autograph ????
Yes!
Mockingbird's is also phenomenal.
featuring ?
Shit is ricockulous.
Is that verse even real?
Fantastic Job!
Great meeting today for WOO Wellness!
Cheers!
I was wondering if that was still going on.
Time to vote!
With physical collections, going back and forth, distant to close, and back.
Tri Met never even kept my id dude gave it back before asking me to step off the train and I'm all NO why are you DOING this A
I did that a few weeks ago, do you remember her name?
I really really really wanna see The Artist!
Sitting in a bunker...
Here behind my wall
Congratulations!
That's great!
I enjoyed your post, too.
Thanks for the RT!
Opryland...not impressed...I prefer Vegas...
if we want her to call our parents then we should keep talking!
What's my mom gonna do?tell me to stop?
Haha okkaay!
any predictions for 7 more players the heat need to sign immediately?
is grooving to some funky music and glad to be heading up snow boarding tomorrow!!
Do you guys think Austin will do the Austream tomorrow?!...
ok hommie well I have studio time booked Monday and Tuesday let me know what's goodie
I'm a gazelle!
I love that is all
wondering why we party so damn hard
Getting my hair cut x but I'm awaiting for my turn
sadly some people don't get that.
Don't worry you don't have to be from Detroit to be in your face about Detroit baseball!
although I will admit the odds of gee he's hot, I hope he's gay are a lot lower there than here :
You fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, and you flirt like first loves, so obviously it's meant to be.
Middlegrounds key lime stack with pecan wafers doctorzzle in caramel
Like C's dad said in A Bronx Tale, The saddest thing in life is wasted talent.
Due to budget costs we may require our audience to tie a can to our outgoing string in order to hear our shows.
Watching Victorious And Texting3
Thank You!
Totally shocking and quite sad if true.
Maturity Doesn't Come With Age
You know Sergio heard you say he will never win a Major.
Just wrong!!
I say Sergio wins a Major before Luke ever sees 1 again..
Lol, that's just his voice :P Or how Glee wants to portray him:
forgot to get the form
Listening to all the way to Portland and it is perfect.
What can you do when your up this late , staring at your ceiling ?
tomorrow I must see him again at there
Goin' to leave this brokedown palace, on my hands and my knees I will roll, roll, roll
FF experts in helping others get
Bypass fans, the Georgia Lady Bulldogs are hosting Vanderbilt tonight at the newly renovated Stegeman Coliseum!
Having dumplings from the Rickshaw Truck at with Sloan Wainwright and Kate Campbell.
We're rainyday happy!
internet up when I got home...focused on parenting and reading rather than deal w/ network.
As long as people keep killing people, to stop the killing of people, the killing will go on.
Magiquest is definitely an interesting experience.
fat finger: CUZ
Just saw the Foo Fighters Back And Fourth Documentary amazing and inspiring!!!!!
Wanna lock up the Band and record all new songs!!!!
I told em
Former msf worker in Afghanistan asks why Taliban have attacked aid workers when they didn't do so before war on terror.
Get a rabbit.
That way when you go to fight crime, you can yell out ZachRabbit, Roll out!
If anyone is coming to the show at the Riverside tonight, I'm on the 2nd floor pouring and select cocktails come visit!
8 miles during lunch in da rain!
Came to work w/ straight hair; leaving work with curly.
do you have iTunes?
I'm not even at school yet and I'm ready to go home
The sign is coming down today.
nope, I'm afraid I couldn't make it.
was on the road in europe.
how was it?
In the studio with 2 live crew.
We can't wait for you guys to hear this track
RT : WAKE UP  GO FOLLOW 1 of KC's DOPEST underground artist..
..
probably not, but I will thank him just in case
Thanks for the Follow!
Wish you a Happy New Year!
I want to do a story on it
Hope the event went well tonight.
Wish I could have been there!
You want the last pair of doctorke tickets?!
has 'em at 5:26pm!
Listen, text, win!
The Real Alliance
Full house for Richard Dawkins tonight.
Honestly, i think its funny that you waste your breathe talkin' about me.
Got me feeling kinda special.
Amazing pieces, btw.
We're not there this year, but you can always find us online.
Ya'll have fun!
Well, no judgment day.
Jesus needs new PR.
Why do I bother with this fucking team?
Sometimes,I look at the people I went to high school with, and it's like we're not even from the same planet.They're in jail, I'm in college
That's right!
Tip of the iceberg, friends.
RT : Seriously, ?
A seventeenfilm Chaplin retrospective in the spring?
Be still, my heart.
I tried to sell on Ebay using a doctorp shipper.
the only problem is 5 other people are listing every single item

Im not flirting..
Im being nice.
theres a difference!
I wanna go to the Josh Ledet concert
Im not right here as somebody else
Omg.
I remember that when I was a little girl and i watched this movie :
Cleaning spree like a Boss!!
mister.
Clean!!!
Lmao
Seeing a bottle of milk that expires the same day we graduate 
smbmad Madison may be behind Milw for social media generally  but our social media organizations and are bigger!
sure if we get a free ONEBURGER song on the guitar
Changing what you do will change how you think and feel.
Oh no.
I'm so sorry to hear that!
We could squeeze an A in there...
but think about the costs to reprint all of the STEM documents...
:
